Nightly Benchmarks : Setting up Hudson
For some projects , finding out about performance regressions is important .
I ’m going to write a two part series about setting up a nightly build machine and displaying the generated data .
This part is going to cover installation of Hudson , and getting the benchmarks running nightly .
I decided to give Hudson a try because I had heard good things about it .
Also after hearing coworkers complain about cruise control and cdash , I thought I ’d try something new .
Since Hudson has pretty extensive documentation , I ’ll walk you through setting up the JRuby project to build with Hudson and getting benchmarks running on it .
Hudson Installation
On Ubuntu it ’s as simple as :
sudo apt - get install hudson
While I did n’t install it on windows , the installation should require little more than installing Tomcat and then downloading the Hudson war file and put it in the web - apps directory .
After installation browsing to http://127.0.0.1:8080 should show the Hudson Dashboard .
Hudson Configuration
After Hudson installation is complete , it requires very little configuration before setting up your first project .
One thing that may be necessary is going to the plugins page and making sure your version control system is covered .
For setting up a continuous integration machine to build JRuby , the git plugin is necessary .
To install the Hudson Git Plugin , click Manage Hudson on the left hand side .
Then click Manage Plugins from the list in the middle of the screen .
Click the Available tab , and find the Hudson GIT plugin in the list .
After it ’s installed it will show up in the Installed tab .
After installing all the necessary plugins for your project go back to the Hudson Dashboard by clicking the Hudson logo , or the Back to Dashboard link .
Setting up a Project to Build
A good first step it to make sure the project will build on the given machine without being built through Hudson .
There may be some dependencies that got overlooked , and this is a good way to make sure everything is setup to build your project .
Now , click on the New Job link on the left hand side .
For the JRuby project , the Build a free - style software project is the type of project to setup .
I imagine that is the correct type of project to setup for most projects .
Unless you plan on keeping all the builds produced on the server , the Discard Old Builds is a good option to check , and set how long you want the builds to remain on the server .
Choose the source code management tool that you use for your project , which is Git for JRuby , and set the appropriate settings .
JRuby settings :
URL of Repository : git://github.com/jruby/jruby.git
Branch Specifier ( blank for default ) : master Repository browser ( Auto )
There are several types of Build Triggers by default .
More Build Triggers can be added through plugins , if you ’re looking for another way to trigger a build .
For a nightly build at midnight select the Build periodically option , and put @midnight in the field .
For the build step , if you ’re building a Java project select Invoke Ant .
Otherwise , Execute shell may be a good option for you .
For JRuby , select Invoke Ant and set the target to jar to build it .
At this point you can click the Save button at the bottom of the page and click Build Now on the next page to build your project .
It ’s a good idea to make sure your project builds correctly before trying to add in nightly benchmarks .
It ’s easier to debug problems before you have too much going on .
By clicking on the build from the active builds list the console output can be seen from the browser .
Running the Benchmarks
If your benchmarks are in the same repository , you ’re mostly done .
Add another build step , and set it up to run your benchmarks .
While JRuby does have benchmarks in its repository , the benchmarks I plan on running are in a different repository .
With this goal in mind , I created another Job in Hudson to checkout and run the benchmarks .
Its setup is very similar to that of JRuby , it checks out the source and runs the benchmarks .
The main difference is that a parameter is passed to the project to tell it which Ruby VM to use .
The Parameterized Trigger Plugin is necessary to pass a parameter from one project to another .
The way it works is you set a parameter in the project receiving the parameter near the top of the page .
In my case , I added a RUBY_PATH parameter .
Then you setup the build job to send that parameter to the benchmarks job .
To do this , I went back to the JRuby job and turned on the Trigger parameterized build on other projects option .
It should be the last option down at the bottom of the page .
I set the JRuby job to trigger with the benchmarks job name , and in the predefined parameters field I put the following :
RUBY_PATH=$WORKSPACE/bin/jruby
After this is in place , when a JRuby build finishes it will start a benchmarks run .
Now that your benchmarks are up and running , the next part to this series will go over how to display the information in a way that makes it easy to spot regressions .
If you have any questions or if I went over something too quickly , post a comment and / or ask a question .
Ronald Carter is n't alone in having been shot by an off - duty Milwaukee cop .
But he may be the first to be billed by the city afterward .
How 's that for adding insult to injury ?
The 53 - year - old handyman lost the use of two fingers last year after an off - duty cop fired up to nine shots at Carter 's car , striking him twice in the hand , after a supposed burglary attempt by Carter .
Carter 's felony charge was tossed after a Milwaukee detective conceded that he allowed Carter 's car to be crushed by the city before the defendant 's lawyers could examine it .
A judge concluded the detective did this on purpose ; police and prosecutors maintain it was just a screwup .
Either way , Carter was n't prepared for what happened next .
On April 6 , the city sent him a bill for $ 295 to cover the cost of towing , storing and then shredding his gold 2001 Kia Rio .
He and his lawyers did n't find out about the destruction of the vehicle until six weeks after it happened .
" If you fail to dispute or pay these fees within 28 days from the above notice date , your account may be submitted to the State of Wisconsin Department of Revenue for Tax Interception , " states the letter from the city tow lot .
A staffer for the city Department of Public Works said her agency would not have comment on the situation until Monday .
But Carter 's lawyer , Eric Brittain , is livid .
" This is another reminder that the criminal justice system is broke , and we need to fix it , " Brittain said .
" Ronnie deserves to be treated with more dignity and respect .
He is the victim in this case . "
In truth , it 's not clear what happened late on Oct. 8 when Carter was shot by the off - duty officer , John Merrill , a case No Quarter wrote about earlier this month .
And it may never be known .
First , there was little physical evidence at the scene of the shooting on the city 's northwest side .
The police did recover nine shell casings matching Merrill 's weapon - but little else .
The two men also tell very different stories .
Merrill , 32 , told authorities that the shooting occurred after he encountered Carter inside his detached , 2½ - car garage about 10:30 p.m.
Carter - who has three burglary convictions - says he was in the area visiting his brother , walking down an alley to his car when Merrill accused him of breaking into his garage .
Both agree that Merrill fired a number of shots at Carter , hitting him twice in the hand , as he tried to speed away in his Kia sedan .
The officer says he was acting in self - defense .
Carter says the shooting was unprovoked .
He said , he said .
But this much is clear :
Not long after getting the case , Detective John Behning OK'd the release of Carter 's car from police custody , and employees at the city tow lot then had the vehicle crushed Oct. 28 .
That came just two days after Brittain , the defense lawyer , asked to see all the evidence .
Behning failed to tell prosecutors or the defense lawyer what he had done for six weeks .
He told Judge Jean DiMotto that it slipped his mind .
It only came to light after a defense expert went to the city tow lot , after numerous delays , to inspect the car .
DiMotto did n't buy Behning 's story .
She threw out the case and accused the city of acting in " bad faith . "
In her ruling , DiMotto said Behning 's actions and testimony permit " the conclusion that MPD through Det. Behning knew of the potential exculpatory value of the car . "
County prosecutors and Milwaukee Police Department officials dispute this , suggesting it was all just a mistake .
FBI investigators looked into the case and decided not to recommend any civil rights charges against any cops .
For now , Carter does n't care about any of that .
Unable to work because of the injuries to his hand , the former city worker is facing a nearly $ 300 bill for a car that was crushed by the city without his knowledge .
" It 's just not fair , " he said at his house last week .
City officials maintain they would have sent him a notice giving him 15 days to pick up the car before turning it over to Miller Compressing - though the judge 's decision appears to disagree with that time line .
Even if the city had sent such a notice , Carter would n't have gotten it .
In October , he was sitting in jail for violating his probation on the burglary allegation .
He was n't released until mid-December when the charge was thrown out .
But that does n't mean he was n't worried about the vehicle .
Carter said last week that his sister went to the city tow lot in October to see if she could retrieve the car .
She was told , he said , that police were holding it as evidence and an officer would have to OK its release .
That was the last the family heard from the city until the bill arrived earlier this month .
" They never did release it , " Carter said .
" It 's wrong .
I think they 're being unjust .
If anything , I should be getting compensation for what they did . "
In fact , the police did release the car .
To the scrap heap .
Letter influences race
The Democratic Party is playing for keeps - even in aldermanic races in Glendale .
Back in January , Glendale Ald. Brian Rice wrote a letter to the editor attacking President Barack Obama , the Democratic Party and various liberal policies .
" Today , Barack Obama and the Democratic Party insist that this time their failed policies will work , " Rice wrote .
" History tells us they simply will not . "
It 's the kind of stuff that appears all the time .
But Rice , who was appointed to his post last year , was running this month against Dan Sweeney in a bid to retain his non-partisan seat .
A day before the election , residents in Rice 's district began receiving so - called robo-calls criticizing the conservative candidate .
The calls were paid for by the Milwaukee County Democratic Party .
" It was definitely a factor , " Sachin Chheda , chairman of the county Democrats , said of Rice 's letter to the Journal Sentinel .
Rice lost to Sweeney , 235 votes to 181 .
Rice said last week that he was upset because , he said , the calls distorted his position on one issue .
What 's more , he said , he was simply exercising his First Amendment rights with his letter .
" I was shocked the party got involved in a non-partisan race , " Rice said .
Chheda , however , noted that he had run for chairman on a platform calling for the party to get more involved in local races .
He said Sweeney sought and received the county party 's endorsement .
" The idea that the Democratic Party should n't be involved in political elections strikes me as a little misguided , " Chheda added .
" That 's what we do . "
Daniel Bice can be contacted by phone at ( 414 ) 224-2135 or by e-mail at dbice@journalsentinel.com .
Well what do you know about this ?
With all those rumors flying around that the iPhone 4G we 'd spotted was no more than a Japanese knock - off of an Apple product , it was starting to look like this thing was too good to be true .
That is until one of the Engadget editors spotted what seems to be solid proof that this is -- in fact -- the next iPhone .
If you 'll recall , the night before the iPad was revealed , we had leaked shots of the device from what appeared to be an Apple test lab .
Upon further inspection of these pictures today , the aforementioned editor discovered that the new iPhone 4G we 've just gotten photos of is actually sitting on the table beside the iPad prototype !
Imagine how blown our minds were when we realized we have had a photo of the next iPhone for months !
As you can see in the pic above , the left side of the new device is clearly visible on this table in the upper right hand corner , and since we believe that these photos come directly from an Apple testbed , it 's hard to deny that the phone you 've just seen is in fact the real deal .
Not only that , but we suspect that the device on the tablet itself is also a version of the new phone ( you can see what looks like aluminum along the bottom ) which seems to be housed in some type of iPhone 3G - like case .
Additionally , a source -- who confirms this is the next Apple iPhone -- also tells us that the device apparently does have a higher res screen on - board , a front - facing camera , a higher resolution camera with flash , and takes MicroSIM cards ( that 's the little " button " around the side you see in the Twitpic which is floating around the internet ) .
We 're working on uncovering more info , but right now you can take a look at the proof above for yourself , and in the gallery below .
The device we 're talking about can be clearly seen in the , you know , with the arrow pointing to it .
A Mac Rumors forum member has just posted pictures from Chinese site WeiPhone of what appears to be the guts of this device .
These images line up with what we know right now .
We 've added a gallery of the shots below .
In response to commenters and tipsters questioning the differences between the Twitpic and WeiPhone pics and the " San Jose " photos ; these are likely handmade demo units , therefore there will be minor differences between them such as the screws appearing and then not appearing .
We believe the models which will roll off of the production lines in China will look like these devices , likely with some minor physical tweaks , but they will look like these phones .
Other major design decisions are already set in stone , such as the rumored glass back , which is present on both of these devices ( Daring Fireball 's John Gruber mentions them here ) .
Yes , there are very minor discrepancies between these photos , but you need to understand they are from a very small pool of hand - built tester units .
It is incredibly likely that the next version of the iPhone will look like the photos you see in the gallery below , and we certainly would n't claim that if we did n't have good reason to believe it .
Gruber has expanded on the info concerning a glass backing for these new devices , and he 's dug up a 2006 Apple patent application on a ceramic enclosure for handheld devices which is also ( ding ding ding ) , radio transparent .
Hi !
Just so you know , you can click on the $ up there to support XKCDB .
( This box will go away after you vote once . )
# 7224 ⇧ ( +104/-23 ) ⇩
< Bucket >
Black holes would lose a certain amount of its energy in the process of forming , which , according to the mass - energy equivalence , means that a black hole would be of lower mass than the parent object , and have a weaker gravitational pull .
< Blackhole >
Did you just call my mother fat ?
by Joseph Yun Li-sun
South Korea ’s National Human Rights Commission of Korea releases its findings on the matter .
It is the first government agency that officially deals with the issue .
Sources tell AsiaNews that many of those in detention are religious believers .
Seoul ( AsiaNews ) – The National Human Rights Commission of Korea ( NHRCK ) released a report yesterday in the South Korean capital of Seoul , saying that North Korea has approximately 200,000 political prisoners .
“ We have found through ” our “ investigation , in which we were aided by other organizations ” that “ there are six camps for political prisoners in North Korea , ” an NHRCK official said .
“ Within the six camps , excluding some areas of Yodok camp located in South Hamgyung Province , political prisoners are being held indefinitely upon imprisonment ” in chains .
As for the overall human rights situation in North Korea , the Commission has no doubts , “ Nearly every type of human rights violation has occurred in those political concentration camps including the secret execution of prisoners ” without a trial .
For the NHRCK , “ The South Korean government should persuade the North Korean government to resolve those problems through cooperation with domestic and foreign North Korean human rights organizations ” .
Speaking to AsiaNews , a local source said , “ The situation is even more serious if you consider that there are neither official nor unofficial data about prisoners .
Kim Jong - il ’s regime even enforces a law that says that if a man is a thief , so are his children and grandchildren .
With such a crazy theory in the criminal code , prisons and concentration camps fill up quickly . ”
In addition , for the government in Pyongyang , “ any religious activity , except that of the ‘ dear leader ’ is an act of submission to foreign imperialism .
For this reason , religious believers of every faith are among the most affected by government repression , ” the source said .
“ Finally , the extreme economic crisis that has hit the country does not help .
People who have been hungry for days are ready to break the law no matter what . ”
The NHRCK report is the first of its kind by a South Korean government agency .
The Commission interviewed 17 exiles who had been incarcerated in North Korean camps and 322 refugees who fled to South Korea in the past year .
There have been critics of the report however .
Seo Bo-hyuk , a professor at the Ewha Womans University ’s Center for Peace Studies , said , “ The South Korean government will be able to persuade the North Korean government to improve their human rights situation only when inter-Korean relations have improved . [. . .]
A unilateral demand from South Korea could stifle the improvement of inter-Korean relations . ”
The C Book
This book is published as a matter of historical interest .
Please read the copyright and disclaimer information .
GBdirect Ltd provides up - to - date training and consultancy in C , Embedded C , C++ and a wide range of other subjects based on open standards if you happen to be interested .
Many of the black - clad women in mourning who marched the dusty streets of Jos this week carried messages of peace .
Some called for justice for those murdered , others for an end to the violence that has shattered the city and set the whole of Nigeria on edge .
But one woman had a different message .
Her banner read : " God hears when we cry .
Be warned . "
Her warning was being heeded yesterday in a city now strictly segregated between Muslims and Christians .
A dusk - to - dawn curfew is manned by hundreds of police and soldiers , who have carved up the city with impromptu barricades .
Some neighbourhoods have their own people keeping watch .
Sporadic gunshots have been heard most nights since the massacre .
Almost a week has passed but there is no single truth about what actually happened in Jos ; about who has died and how many have died ; and about how the city , once known for tourism , has become a byword for sectarian slaughter .
One of the truths can be found in the mass graves at Dogo Nahawa , a village of mud bricks and corrugated iron roofs a few miles south of the city .
Most of the bodies from the latest massacre lie under a fresh mound of red earth still criss - crossed with the tracks of the bulldozer that dug the pit .
The grave is unmarked but Peam Shut knows where it is .
Seventeen members of his family are among the more than 100 bodies that lie there .
He approaches , clutching his face and crying , to say what happened .
He was woken last Sunday morning by a gunshot .
He went outside to see a group of men , carrying machetes and clubs , throw a petrol bomb at his brother 's house .
He watched as his brother 's wife , Hanatu , tried to flee : " She could n't get away , they rushed her and they butchered her . "
The attackers then turned his way and shouted : " There are the other cattle . "
That 's when Peam ran .
Somehow he was able to hide but his wife and son were not so lucky , and were cut to pieces .
A short distance away , across a furrowed patch of maize , is the village itself .
This was the killing field where hundreds of Muslims from the Fulani people set upon their erstwhile neighbours , the mainly Christian Berom .
Bloodstains have dried on the wall of an outlying house , and next to it a blackened tree marks the spot where Dung Gwonm was hacked and burnt to death .
A few metres further away are the ruins of Pastor Johana Gyang Jugu 's church .
His loss is drawn in deep lines on his hollow face .
He tells what has become a familiar story of waking to gunfire and desperately running for your life .
His wife , Rose , and 18 - year - old daughter , Mary , ran with him but were separated in the confusion .
He turned back to see them both cut down .
" I tried my best , " he said , as if to apologise .
" There is nothing I can do , I am just crying . "
Dogo Nahawa ought to be a ghost town .
Fire has consumed many houses , thick smoke has painted their walls black , roofs have collapsed into rooms .
In one small house , a metal door has been wrenched aside , releasing a burnt food odour where bags of maize and beans have been roasted next to somebody 's charred motorcycle .
But survivors have returned , anxious to make sure the raiders do n't come back to take over the village permanently .
Amidst the burnt - out cars , five - year - old Benet is queuing for food .
The little boy can't speak but others explain that he has been orphaned , his mother and father killed in the slaughter .
Yesterday , a local Christian group came to see him and take him into care .
No - one knows for sure how many orphans there are or how many have died here and in the other three villages attacked on the same night .
Mark Lipdo , who works for the evangelical Christian organisation the Stefanos Foundation , was among the first to reach the villages after the violence .
He says that at least 370 people are buried at Dogo Nahawa .
Others say that 100 bodies lie in the mass grave .
The state governor 's office have said that at least 500 people were killed but the Red Cross puts the toll closer to 200 .
Sadly , in Jos these numbers matter .
For Mr Lipdo , the villagers are the face of a " new Darfur " – victims of a " violent Muslim expansion " .
He is among those who see this as part of a world - wide Islamic advance .
But this is only his truth .
Jos is the capital of Nigeria 's fertile " middle belt " , a highland plateau where missionaries converted animist farmers to Christianity .
Tin deposits were later found in the area and the colonial government brought Hausa Muslim labourers from further north .
Jos and its satellite villages have been mixed and metropolitan ever since .
It is – as the local police commissioner Ikechukwu Aduba says – " a mini Nigeria " .
Like Jos , Africa 's most populous nation is thought to be evenly split between the two faiths , with Muslims predominant in the north and Christians in the south , but everywhere a mixed picture .
In Jos , population growth and economic decline has increased competition for land and other resources , heightening tension between communities .
Politics here have been poisoned by the distinction between the longer - standing Christians , or " indigenes " , and Muslim " settlers " .
The former are favoured in land rights , the latter denied the opportunity to stand in elections .
This has caused resentment , which has erupted in 2001 , 2004 and 2008 , leaving thousands dead , many more displaced and the city polarised .
The truth depends on where you are in Jos .
Another truth is lying on a bed on the second floor of a small clinic called La Tahzan in the Muslim north of Jos .
Two - year - old Hassan Harouna has to lie on his front .
The skin from his lower back over his buttocks and down his left leg has been burned away .
He and his mother were doused in petrol and set alight in an attack by Christians on Muslims in January .
His burns are shaped the way they are because he was tied to his mother 's back .
His father Abdullahi explains : " They invaded our settlement at Kuru Karama and started to burn the houses .
Then they herded us into one place and started chopping with machetes . "
Abdullahi escaped with three of his children , believing his wife and Hassan had died .
Hassan lay among the dead – many of whom were stuffed into wells that were later sealed as mass graves – for 24 hours before he was found .
His mother , Ranatu , is in a hospital across town .
She is not expected to survive .
Like everything else in Jos the circumstances of January 's mass - killings are disputed .
Some in the Christian community insist that Muslim youths launched an unprovoked attack at a church .
Others say it was the rumours that a new building was intended for use as a mosque that sparked the clashes .
Text - message rumours and inflammatory statements by officials prompted a mob to attack the Fulani Muslim settlement at Kuru Karama .
Estimates of the numbers killed in clashes that began on 17 January run as high as 326 .
The attacks of last Sunday are believed to be in reprisal for the January killings .
Some 200 people have been arrested this week , 49 of them Fulanis of whom several have confessed to taking part in the latest massacre .
There is widespread mistrust of the authorities ' handling of both bouts of killing .
Muslim anger is focused on the governor Jonah Jang , who in turn has fallen out with local army chief , Major General Saleh Maina .
" The truth about Jos is that we have a competition for political control , " says Solomon Selcap Dalung , a lecturer in international law at Jos University .
" Instead of consolidating peace and reaching out to the aggrieved , the state government has been sowing disharmony .
It is like Rwanda , where the machinery of government is used to divide people .
The truth is that it is not about religion – it is politics and while it continues peace will remain a stranger in Jos . "
Muslims went to Friday prayers yesterday .
Sani Mudi , a community leader at the central mosque in Jos , was appealing for calm .
He described accusations of al - Qa'ida involvement in the region as " nonsense " and the fear of Islamisation as " unfounded and irresponsible . "
The cycle of violence in the area " is creating an atmosphere of hatred , " he said .
" What we have in Jos is extensive poverty which is driving people mad .
And we have reckless politicians .
For the poor and uneducated there is nothing to hold on to apart from religious slogans you can shout . "
As he is speaking , his office inside the mosque has the appearance of an emergency room with community leaders rushing in and out for hurried conversations .
There is little optimism that further violence can be avoided and much sadness for what has been lost .
In a final lament , he says : " I attended a mixed school with both Christians and Muslims , but my children cannot do that .
It is not possible now . "
Roots of conflict : Jos attacks
* What happened in Jos ?
At least 200 people in the mainly Christian villages south of Jos were killed last Sunday .
The attacks have been blamed on Fulani muslims and are seen as a reprisal for January violence in which most of the victims were Muslims .
* Why is this happening ?
Christians and Muslims used to live peacefully in the central Plateau state .
But Muslims who have lived there for decades are still classed as settlers , and in the last decade there have been regular bouts of sectarian killing .
The underlying reasons are economic – with competition for resources – and political – with a struggle for domination .
* Could the violence spread ?
Yes .
Sectarian violence in Nigeria has spread before .
And the crisis also mirrors a north - south power struggle in the government .
The ruling party generally observes a gentleman 's agreement to rotate power between north and south , but the replacement of the critically ill President Umaru Yar 'Adua , a northerner , with Goodluck Jonathan , a southerner , has upset that balance .
* What 's at stake ?
Sitting at the bottom of the mountain in Iceland , there was time enough last week to reflect on this country 's importance in the struggle between the world 's internet users and state secrecy , never better represented than by publication by Wikileaks of a video showing the slaughter of more than a dozen people by an American helicopter gunship in Baghdad .
Iceland is proposing radical new laws that will create a safe haven for investigative journalism and therefore the release of this kind of shocking footage , which exposes a cover - up , as well as the true nature of a war where a superpower deploys its weapons on a third world country , in this instance cutting down , among others , two people working for Reuters .
The Icelandic Modern Media Initiative ( Immi ) will allow organisations like Wikileaks to provide the strongest possible protections for sources and whistleblowers releasing sensitive material that big business and secretive states want to suppress .
Having flown from Britain last Tuesday where our disreputable Parliament was about to pass the Digital Economy Bill with virtually no scrutiny and certainly no concern for freedom of expression , it was remarkably refreshing to read the following from the official website of the Immi , which , incidentally , is supported by all parties here .
" The goal of the Immi proposal is to task the government with finding ways to strengthen freedom of expression around the world and in Iceland … we also feel it is high time to establish the first Icelandic international prize : the Icelandic Freedom of Expression Award . "
The prospect of this investigative sanctuary has naturally attracted Wikileaks and earlier this year its Australian founder , Julian Assange , spent three weeks advising the Icelandic government on the initiative .
He has since alleged that the CIA has mounted an aggressive surveillance operation against him and that the Icelandic intelligence officials also pursued him .
Well , who knows what 's true , but the idea of any British government proposing such a prize , let alone supporting an initiative like this is unthinkable : we pride ourselves on our innate love of free expression and liberty but in the last 20 years , along with the expansion of state power , we have done little to stop the growth of official secrecy and very little to assert our right to know .
In what seems at this distance to be an unusually dire beginning to an election campaign , few perhaps noticed that Lord Mandelson 's Digital Economy Bill , presented as protection for ordinary copyright holders against file - sharing , will enable our government to block websites such as Wikileaks on grounds that it infringes copyright ; more or less everything the website publishes is someone 's property .
Stephen Timms , the government minister piloting the bill in the Commons , said that he would not want to see the bill restrict freedom of speech , but then , predictably , refused to guarantee that Wikileaks would not be blocked .
This badly drafted , poorly scrutinised legislation will hamper but not impede Wikileaks , for a few there always will be ways round cyber blockades .
However , imagine the way our government might have tried to suppress publication of MPs ' expenses by Wikileaks or documents connected to the Iraq war .
Although the new bill was not drafted to protect MPs and government , no effort would be spared to assert the rights of copyright holders , just as no effort was spared by Gordon Brown in a masterclass of opportunism when he used the 2001 Anti-terrorism , Crime and Security Act in 2008 to freeze assets of Iceland 's Landsbanki , which owned the failed bank Icesave .
As surely as Lord Mandelson will never have to answer personally to the electorate for this shoddy piece of legislation , the new copyright laws will be used to protect those in power , elected or otherwise , and that must be a bad thing .
But what we are seeing here is the natural response of just one state to the threat that the web poses to its control and need for secrecy .
Last year , the US designated a fifth domain of military endeavour to join those of land , sea , air and space .
It is cyberspace and , among other things , the United States has created a special unit , the 24th Air Force Cyber Command at San Antonio , Texas , to develop defences , as well as offensive capabilities to " assess adversaries ' network security " .
It is not hard to imagine the response of the Cyber Command , or AFCYBER as it will be known , to a security breach like the one showing American aircrews killing people as though they were playing a video game .
The fifth domain is a sphere where spies and politicians and the military must compete and it is right to stress that sometimes this will be for all our security .
But often it will not , which is what makes the Icelandic initiative important .
The Immi is utterly in keeping with the country 's feelings of violation and remorse following the crash of its three main banks with debts of € 50bn – about € 160,000 for each Icelander .
Some knew , but the vast majority of the population did not understand the true nature of the country 's exposure , which is felt all the more because just two or three generations back this was a thrifty nation where the majority made their living from fishing and a little agriculture .
Openness has become an obsession here equal to the belief that all citizens have the right , indeed duty , to inform themselves about what is being done in their name .
That view applies to all democratic governments , not just their own , which is why the Icelanders may be on the point of providing a crucial service to the world .
Many governments , not least the Americans , are deeply hostile to what they regard as irresponsible behaviour by the Icelanders , but it is worth noting that Iceland promises to consider " the legal environments of other countries " in developing the Immi .
How Iceland is going to square radical policies of openness with the laws of other territories remains to be seen , but after its treatment by the British and the financial collapse in the US , it will take a fairly robust attitude to appeals from at least these two governments .
There is also something else propelling the Immi , which occurred to me as I watched vast superjeeps descend perilously in the middle of the night from a storm on the Eyjafjallajokull glacier in the south where a volcano is erupting .
It is the Icelanders ' sense that you cannot allow for every eventuality .
Bad things happen and it is better that you understand the nature of risk rather than give up your freedoms in exchange for that illusory sense of security that has inspired so much recent legislation in Britain and so much official secrecy .
WINNIPEG — Dean Gunnarson risked drowning a lot more than his sorrows Saturday night .
The world - renowned escape artist was handcuffed and locked in a 240 - litre metal drum filled with beer before fans at a bar in his hometown , as part of a fundraising event for local food banks .
The drum spilled over with beer as Gunnarson was immersed in it by helpers .
The lid was then chained shut with a combination lock , and a fist - sized hole in the lid was his only route out .
With an emcee working up the crowd and counting the seconds as they passed , the drum started shaking .
After two minutes , a hand popped out of the hole in the lid and started frantically working the combination lock .
Some 35 seconds later , Gunnarson undid the lock and pushed the lid open .
It was an unusual stunt for a man who does n’t drink .
“ I do n’t drink beer .
I do n’t do drugs or smoke , but I tell you , that ( escape ) gave me a better high than if I had drank the whole 240 litres of it , ” the 46 - year - old said afterward .
Gunnarson has made a name for himself by staging unusual stunts — escaping from a phone - booth - sized locker filled with wet cement , dangling upside down in a straitjacket 200 metres above a reservoir at the Hoover Dam , and being thrown from a plane with a parachute while in handcuffs and chains .
The beer , he says , presented some unique challenges .
“ My fingers are kind of cold from the beer ... and I ’ve got beer in my eyes .
It was much harder than I thought . ”
Gunnarson ’s closest brush with real trouble was in 1983 , when he failed to get out of a coffin in a Winnipeg river and had to be resuscitated by paramedics .
He said his parents still worry about him , but sometimes for different reasons .
“ My Dad was worried that I was wasting all that good beer , ” he chuckled .
“ But my mother , like any mother , is always worried about whatever I do and just said ‘ call me when it ’s done ’ . ”
The boozy atmosphere of Gunnarson ’s escape was aided by some of the actors from the Trailer Park Boys — the Halifax - based television series about a group of perpetually intoxicated residents of a fictional mobile home park .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
The Import 's design inspiration gallery is a regular feed of beautiful websites , design articles and portfolios from designers , photographers and artists around the world .
Our design blog features in - depth articles , studio spotlights and inspirational design .....
in Paper and tea Our first entry to TheImport gallery in 2013 is stylish Paper & Tea website .
It has a strong character and plenty of tea .
Well , as Paper & Tea people say – life is to short to drink bad tea .
st Sculptor and photographer from SLC Based in Salt Lake City , US , Andrew Chase is known photographer and sculptor .
Mechanical animals , automobile transmission parts and photos which makes you wonder if photo camera was used at all ..
in Rainbowmonkey Markus Hofko from Auckland is making conceptual images .
Both still and moving .
Check out his site as we like many of his conceptual things .
ph Realistic photos by Kurt Stallaert Belgian photographer Kurt Stallaert has plenty of realistic photos on his site .
Some of them have seen Photoshop ’s touch .
Or have they ?
in Collages for Interpretation
We love these amazing collages of young Russian artist Jenya Vyguzov ( Женя Выгузо в )
in Allyson Lamb Allyson Anne Lamb is a photography artist from Brooklyn .
Human body in her works transforms to one big emotion .
Desire , Love , Madness …
in Fernando Chamarelli Brasil based artist Fernando Chamarelli developed his signature style by merging his different backgrounds .
Mosaic , geometric elements , organic forms as well as symbols , legends , religions and ancient civilizations …
in Text Portraits Readable portraits of famous artists and musicians by Ralph Ueltzhoeffer who produced three large - scale gallery installations between 2008 and 2011 .
He have already transferred words onto over 300 images …
in Greetings from Dublin Artwork by Prefab77 crowd – group of collective of artists from England .
As noticed in Dublin .
de The Best Import Already 2 years passed since TheImport blog was started and our collection of posts is constantly growing .
So we decided to bring most popular ones into one place .
de Rock Star Pictograms
We followed the path to show business of some rock stars laid down in graphic designer Victor Hertz ’s pictograms .
How playful and colorful is that ?!
ph Light sculptures and light graffity Web site full of light sculptures and light graffiti created by London based Michael Bosanco .
There are some really great examples we know you ’ll like .
ph Céline Clanet and beatiful photography Céline Clanet is Paris based photographer .
Beautifully shot landscapes and nicely designed web site .
Glad to feature them on TheImport .
st Adidas Design Studios Adidas Design Studios site is designed by Thorsten Konrad from Germany and their site is surely not the standard one .
Great use of design and fresh web technologies .
de Lorenzo Nanni Originally textile designer , Nanni brings his creations to life through photography , animated films , and cinematographic work .
Shocking ?
Controversial ?
Beautiful ?
Inspiring ?
You choose !
de Alex Gross and oil paintings Alex Gross is oil painter living and working in Los Angeles , California .
On his web site you can find many pop surrealistic things .
ph Mad about Pins Philip Karlberg is talented photographer from Stockholm .
According to him his photos “ transform a still life into a mystery ” .
You can find all Philip ’s mysterious photos in online gallery .
in Frida Inspired
We love Frida inspired photography series by Austrian creative studio atelier olschinsky
Update : I try to synthesize the comments from this post here .
Warning : this post is long , but hopefully thoughtful and at least somewhat original .
Also , if you ’re new to the blog , subscribe in the upper right hand corner via RSS .
Check out my recent posts on epistemic closure and fiscal sustainability .
At an off - campus discussion toward the end of my senior year of college , the topic of behavioral economics came up .
Leading the discussion was a professor of mine , David Ruccio - whose blog I link to regularly - who argued that to really move forward with these iconoclast ideas , we still have to get rid of the max u thing - it ’s holding everything back .
I did n’t really agree with him at the time , or I just did n’t know , but a recent panel I attended helped clarify why Ruccio , and other heterodox economists before him , are right , even if the panelists themselves do n’t want to see it it or admit .
The topic of the panel , hosted by the Brookings Institution , was “ Happiness in a Time of Uncertainty . ”
The panel was striking in it ’s premise - 4 mainstream economists discussing the topic of subjective well - being .
A number of interesting points were raised .
For instance , it was pointed out that people seem to be very adaptive with regards to happiness , such that they can settle into what one might consider a “ bad ” equilibrium but regain subjective happiness , and thus show little incentive to leave .
CAROL GRAHAM : But there is one major complication or a fly in the ointment so to speak , and that ’s adaptation .
People seem to be able to adapt to high levels of adversity , poor health and all kinds of things and retain their natural cheerfulness or their natural happiness …
People really can adapt to adversity .
They also adapt to prosperity .
As I thought about this around the world and how it aggregated up across societies I thought it ’s probably really good from an individual psychological perspective that people are able to adapt to adversity and maintain their natural cheerfulness , but it may also result in collective tolerance for bad equilibrium .
The comments from panelists also touched on what behavioural economics has been saying for a while - people do a lot of things that do n’t seem to be maximizing anything ; there are myriad inconsistencies across time and across situations .
During Q&A , I raised the issue that these points seem to undermine the whole utility maximization assumption , and that we may need to completely overhaul the so - called microfoundations of neoclassical models ( EJ Dionne , the moderator , called it an “ attack on old - fashioned economics ) .
Here ’s the exchange , copied from the event transcript ( pdf ) :
Q : A lot of the comments that all of you have made point to the idea that people do n’t really seem to be maximizing happiness or utility at least not in measurably consistent way .
Thinking about theoretical economics , how do we continue to go forward with neoclassical models that are based on a maximizing utility assumption ?
ALAN KRUEGER : Behavioral economics is an important and growing branch of economics .
It ’s been recognized .
Daniel Kahneman won a Nobel Prize for his work on the limits of people ’s decision making .
I think the real challenge for economics is to know when to apply lessons we ’ve learned from the psychologists and when to return to revealed preference .
I ’d also caution on how we define utility because I do n’t think happiness is utility .
Maybe it ’s an element in the utility function along with some of the other emotions that I mentioned before like spending time in a good mood or not being angry all day long and so on .
I think we need to be careful not to equate our measures of subjective well - being with utility , and at the same time I think we have to be very careful to define utility in a way that ’s not tautological because often the way some of our colleagues in economics define utility , it ’s impossible to reject and what I think the work of Kahneman and others has shown is that people will make inconsistent choices depending upon the way that they ’re framed .
You can change the parameters and they ’ll make choices which were not consistent with choices that were their interests before , so I think it ’s possible to demonstrate that people do n’t always behave in correspondence to the axioms that are necessary for utility maximization .
But at the same time I think our measurement of subjective well - being is at a relatively early stage and I would be very cautious about going too far in the direction of equating well - being with utility .
KAREN DYNAN : I ’ll just jump in and say I think Alan did a nice job of describing both the potential good that ’s going to come out the behavioral research and the complications .
I ’m not a person who believes we need to throw out everything that we ’ve been working with .
I think if we could have incorporated cognitive limitations and information costs and biases into our standard models we could have gone a long way toward avoiding what we ’ve been through in the last couple of years .
EDUARDO LORA : My only reaction to that question about the value of standard economics given all these developments I think is very much along the lines of what Alan said .
I do n’t think that we should throw away what we had .
What these new developments lead us to is to understand phenomena that were important for people ’s well - being that could not be related with standard economics and that ’s precisely why I see that this area of public goods is so important and so amenable to this approach because certainly the way that we economics were trying to approach many of these problems of public goods did n’t go anywhere , they were just approaches that were too convoluted , while this view provides an approach that is very simple and really takes you very far .
So I think that the toolkit of economics is a very powerful one and I do n’t think that it ’s to be discarded with these developments .
I think it ’s going to be complemented with these developments and I think that there is a strong consensus in the profession about that .
CAROL GRAHAM : Quickly let me echo what everybody said that you ca n’t throw out the baby with the bathwater on this one particularly because even though we found a great way to think about things differently and to identify quirks in the way people make choices and all kinds of irrationality , we still I do n’t think have a lot of questions answered for example about the definition of happiness , how does happiness relate to subjective well - being and all the domains that Alan mentioned , which ones matter more , what definition of happiness do we care about in the policy domain .
So it ’s a new tool , it ’s great , but it ’s not ready to replace everything and I think it will always be an important complement and may make us rethink some of our traditional tools .
The point of my question was not that happiness should replace utility .
It was that , if as these panelists had noted , adaptiveness in terms of happiness is natural , it ’s likely that adaptiveness occurs in other elements of the utility function .
Utility maximizing behavior in one time period may give way to a more indifferent , “ just get by ” strategy , in another .
My Game
Theory prof once defined rational as “ strategic ” - however , people are n’t necessarily strategic .
Instead of maxing , they may just satisfy - get just enough .
How do we model this ?
To stick with reasonable premises , I think we have to throw away that whole thing .
Looking at how individuals actually behave , with which both the happiness economics and behavorial economics literature helps us , it becomes hard to argue that individuals are maximizing anything .
If we do cling to this argument , it ’s more likely that we are merely defining utility in a way that Krueger appropriately terms “ tautological ” ( and warns against ) .
The panelists ’ responses are striking in another way too- they see hope for behavioral economics as a way to tweak the inputs into utility maximization function .
It ’s not that surprising , though , that mainstream economists can be a defensive bunch - they ’ve spent many years learning the maths and plying the trade , and each in this group has achieved significant status by using these sorts of tools ( although Krueger was nearly rendered apostate by challenging the notion that a minimum wage will reduce employment , and Graham spent years trying to make the concept of studying happiness credible ) .
Each of their responses referred to these sets of tools , and if we abandon the assumption of utility maximization , it makes the standard models useless , as it introduces untold degrees of heterogenity .
This sort of denial is frustrating to me , because behavioral economics is becoming more accepted in the mainstream and it makes clear that people do not behave in rational or predictable ways .
However , making that next leap is difficult because there is an inconvenient consequence of throwing away max u ( not just the loss of the “ toolkit ” ) .
The degree of complexity that removal would introduce would chip away at economics ’ drive to become more like physics .
A recent paper ( h/t Economic Logic ) discusses this phenomena , pointing out how entire theories can blossom from any one unrealistic assumption :
And much of the economics and finance literature since Foundations has followed Samuelson ’s lead in attempting to deduce implications from certain postulates such as utility maximization , the absence of arbitrage , or the equalization of supply and demand .
In fact , one of the most recent mile - stones in economics — rational expectations — is founded on a single postulate , around which a large and still - growing literature has developed .
The authors rightly criticize the excessive mathematization of economics , and they argue that a large degree of uncertainty should be incorporated into models .
By acknowledging that financial challenges cannot always be resolved with more sophisticated mathematics , and incorporating fear and greed into models and risk - management protocols explicitly rather than assuming them away , we believe that the financial models of the future will be considerably more successful , even if less mathematically elegant and tractable .
So , however troubling or intractable it may be , I think economists need to pull themselves away from the max u assumption .
It may result in a complete trashing of their neoclassical model .
It may even result in a situation where microfoundations are no longer the basis for our macroeconomic thought .
However , being wedded to unrealistic assumptions , falling prey to methodological individualism and methodological utilitarianism does n’t get us anywhere .
It preserves the status quo of poor models with poor conclusions that ultimately harm people .
There are a number of ways in which economics does this , but let ’s start by doing away with the most basic methodological one .
Let me hear it - what am I missing here ?
Art of the Title Sequence celebrates the world 's greatest film / TV title sequences , those oft - experimental opening moments of a movie or TV show that really set the mood of what 's to come .
I 've always been intrigued by this art form and it's fun to watch examples from around the globe .
The site also features interviews with more than a dozen masters of the media .
Art of the Title was mentioned in a New York Times article today about the South by Southwest Film Awards new Title Design Competition .
Winners will be announced at the festival next week .
According to the NYT , " The modern approach to film titles crystallized , more or less , in 1955 with " The Man With the Golden Arm . "
It opened with a kind of jazz ballet in which dancing white lines , over music by Elmer Bernstein , eventually tightened into the contorted arm of a drug addict .
From the NYT :
The sequence was designed by Saul Bass , who tossed aside a more mechanical approach that had largely prevailed in Hollywood to create story - telling openings for films like " Psycho , " " North by Northwest " and , later , " Goodfellas " and " The Age of Innocence . "
( Among the entries at South by Southwest , " Cigarette Girl , " an independent film about a world in which smoking restrictions have murderous consequences , is one that recalls the Bass oeuvre : guns , cigarettes and people flicker between the real and the abstract , over a cool - toned soundtrack . )
Before his death in 1996 , Bass had been nominated for Oscars three times , winning once , for his short films .
But his work on the titles fell through the cracks of a film industry awards system that has given far more recognition to directors
From Yoga Records :
[ Here is ] “ Music Is Math , ” a talk by Chris Weingarten .
Sums up in ten entertaining minutes the harsh story of what the blogosphere did to music criticism and by extension , music itself .
For some reason this is n’t getting a lot of reposts .
The first public trial of a system that " refills " electric cars in minutes will be launched this month .
The Californian company Better Place will test its automated battery - swap stations in Tokyo .
It is the latest element in the company 's ambitious plans to build the world 's first infrastructure networks for electric cars by the start of next year .
Globally , road vehicles generate around a fifth of carbon dioxide emissions .
The figure is the same for the UK .
According to a study for the Department for Transport , widespread adoption of electric vehicles with a range of 30 miles or more could halve road transport emissions .
One of the biggest challenges , however , to the large - scale implementation of electric cars is the problem of infrastructure for recharging .
Better Place has come up with a model that involves building networks of charging points and battery - switch stations .
At these a robotic mechanism will swap the empty battery in a car for a fully charged one .
This means electric cars can be " refilled " in minutes , rather than taking several hours to charge their batteries .
On 26 April in Tokyo Better Place will begin the first public trial of its battery - switching stations .
" We 're applying the switch technology to taxis and working with Tokyo's largest taxi operators , Nihon Kotsu , " said Better Place .
The trial is expected to last for 90 days .
The first part of Better Place 's technology , a network of 100 public charging points , is already being trialled in Copenhagen .
Using data from the trials , Better Place will launch its first commercial network in Israel at the end of the year .
" All of our components will be tested together with the Renault Fluence electric vehicles .
There will be 10 cars this year , and as we work out the kinks in the system we 'll scale up by bringing in additional vehicles and deploying additional infrastructure , " the company said .
Further cars will be introduced as the network is built up in size .
Electric Renault Fluence cars will be available for consumers to buy by the end of next year and Better Place expects to be able to serve several other makes of car as long as their batteries are easily swappable by its robots .
How consumers will pay for Better Place 's services is yet to be worked out but Jason Wolf , a business manager at the company , has said that users would probably pay a monthly subscription for unlimited access , or a one - off fee for casual users .
Better Place has raised about £ 460 m in investment in the past three years and has signed deals with Israel , Denmark , Australia and Hawaii and California to build trial networks of its electric vehicles and charging infrastructureWestminster has expressed interest in the Better Place model but has not committed to it , instead backing a more general £ 250 m scheme including trials of a range of cars and charging infrastructures .
WASHINGTON —
It is often said that the new health care law will affect almost every American in some way .
And , perhaps fittingly if unintentionally , no one may be more affected than members of Congress themselves .
In a new report , the Congressional Research Service says the law may have significant unintended consequences for the “ personal health insurance coverage ” of senators , representatives and their staff members .
For example , it says , the law may “ remove members of Congress and Congressional staff ” from their current coverage , in the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program , before any alternatives are available .
The confusion raises the inevitable question :
If they did not know exactly what they were doing to themselves , did lawmakers who wrote and passed the bill fully grasp the details of how it would influence the lives of other Americans ?
CLEVELAND --
As Chris Bosh laid on the floor dazed with blood streaming from his nose , the Toronto Raptors felt a different pain .
Their road to the playoffs could be even tougher now .
Flattened by an inadvertent elbow from Cleveland 's Antawn Jamison , Bosh sustained a broken bone in his face Tuesday night as the Raptors , battling the Chicago Bulls for the final postseason spot in the Eastern Conference , were beaten 113- 101 by the Cavaliers , who have won 11 straight at home .
Bosh was accidentally struck by Jamison as the two jostled for position in the lane in the opening minutes .
Bosh , who had blood dripping from his nose and mouth area as he was assisted from the floor , was immediately taken to the Cleveland Clinic for a CT scan .
Following the game , the Raptors said tests showed the All - Star forward suffered a " maxilla and nasal fracture to the right side of his face . "
Bosh , who returned to Quicken Loans Arena in the fourth quarter , will not travel with the team .
Instead , he was to be kept in the hospital overnight for further evaluation .
Bosh 's loss could n't have come at a worse time for the Raptors , who entered the night clinging to the No. 8 playoff spot .
Toronto has a tough week ahead with games against the Boston Celtics , Atlanta Hawks and Bulls , who lost to the Milwaukee Bucks and remain one game behind the Raptors .
It 's not known when Bosh , who is eligible for free agency this summer , will rejoin the team or if he 'll be able to play once he returns .
" We have to keep fighting , regardless if we have him or not , " said Jarrett Jack , who led the Raptors with 23 points .
" It does n't get any easier and you can't run .
Timing is never perfect it seems in the NBA .
It happens and you have to deal with it .
It 's part of the game like anything else .
Injuries are part of it .
" As silly as this may sound , with Chris going down , it creates an opportunity for somebody to step up .
You might have been wanting that playing time all season .
It 's in front of you now .
You have an opportunity to do something with it and come through for our team , because we 're going to need someone to step up if he 's not able to go , " he said .
Toronto's loss also clinched a playoff spot for the Miami Heat .
Jamison scored 20 points -- 12 in the third when the Cavs opened a double - digit lead -- and Anthony Parker had a season - high 18 .
LeBron James scored 19 with 13 assists and Mo Williams had 14 and 12 assists for Cleveland , which has wrapped up the NBA 's best record and home - court advantage throughout the playoffs and is expected to rest players in the next few games to get ready for the postseason .
The Raptors also lost forward Antoine Wright in the third quarter with an ankle injury .
Bosh was battling with Jamison when he was nailed by the elbow .
Bosh immediately dropped to the floor and stayed there as play continued at the other end .
Stunned by the blow and in obvious pain , Bosh got to his knees as blood splattered on the court .
" I did n't think it was that severe , " Jamison said .
" But once he went down , you knew it was .
I did n't think I hit him that hard at all .
It was just a bad angle and an unfortunate play .
Freakish things like that happen . "
When there was finally a whistle , medical personnel from both teams went onto the floor to attend to Bosh .
Holding a towel to his face , he was helped from the court and taken to Cleveland 's locker room , where he was examined by Cavs team physician Dr. Richard Parker .
" He 's a friend of mine and an Olympic teammate , " James said .
" You hate to see that happen to anybody , especially this late in the season when they 're trying to make a push for the playoffs .
He may have to wear a mask or something . "
Despite losing Bosh , who averages 24.3 points and 11 rebounds , the Raptors were still within seven points with seven minutes to go .
James , who sat out the first 4:21 of the fourth , then scored six straight points as the Cavaliers opened a 104 - 91 lead .
With nothing to play for until the playoffs , Cavaliers coach Mike Brown intends to rest his players in the coming days .
" I look at these games as a high - level practice , " he said .
" If we do n't win , it does n't really matter . "
The Raptors do n't have that luxury .
Every game is crucial , and if Toronto is able to hang on and make the playoffs , which will be difficult with or without Bosh , the Raptors could face the Cavs in the opening round -- a matchup that Toronto guard Sonny Weems would n't mind .
" Every game we 've played them , it 's been real close , " Weems said before the game .
" I do n't think they want that in the first round of the playoffs .
We 're going to come to play . "
James dismissed Weems ' comment and did n't want to get involved in any trash talk .
" I 'm not getting into that , " James said , grinning .
" They 're having a great season so far . "
The Cavaliers were without guard Delonte West , rested as a precaution with what the team said were lower back spasms .
Anderson Varejao returned after missing three games with a sore hamstring and had 10 points in 28 minutes .
Game notes
Cavs center Shaquille O'Neal has not yet been cleared for contact , Brown said .
O'Neal has been out since Feb. 25 after undergoing surgery to repair a torn thumb ligament .
...
Duke winning the NCAA title was tough on Jamison , a former North Carolina Tar Heel .
" It 's a sad day in Chapel Hill , " Jamison said , referring to UNC 's campus .
" I do n't think anybody even went outside down there . " ... Toronto has lost 11 in a row at Cleveland .
The Raptors have n't won here since April 6 , 2004 .
A drop in Prime Minister Kevin Rudd 's approval rating in the latest opinion poll has prompted commentary on the future Labor leadership .
Mr Rudd 's voter satisfaction rating has slumped to its lowest level since he became Labor leader .
The Newspoll in the Australian newspaper shows 48 per cent of voters are satisfied with Mr Rudd 's performance , while 41 per cent are dissatisfied .
It is the first time Mr Rudd 's rating has dipped beneath 50 per cent as prime minister ; the two - party preferred figures remain the same at 52 to 48 per cent in favour of Labor .
Labor backbencher Darren Cheeseman has backed Mr Rudd but he has pointed out that the deputy , Julia Gillard , is waiting in the wings .
" She is naturally in line to become the prime minister at some point into the future , " he said .
Opposition frontbencher Ian Macfarlane has tried to stoke leadership tensions .
" If I was Kevin Rudd I would n't sleep with both eyes shut , " he said .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has told ABC Local Radio he thinks it will be a close election .
" It 'll be a hard - fought election and I expect that but I will simply continue in the business of ensuring that we are keeping the economy strong , " he said .
" It 'll be a tough fight and that 's what I fully expect come election time . "
Meanwhile , the poll shows the Opposition 's paid parental leave scheme is failing to gain traction with voters .
The poll comes as former prime minister Paul Keating launched an attack on Opposition Leader Tony Abbott , labelling him an " intellectual nobody " with no policy ambition .
Speaking on ABC Radio National today , the former Labor prime minister gave a scathing assessment of Mr Abbott 's performance , saying he had consolidated the right - wing " nutters " behind him .
And he took exception to Mr Abbott 's criticism of Indigenous acknowledgment and welcome to country ceremonies at official functions by calling him a " little John Howard " .
Mr Abbott won the leadership from Malcolm Turnbull last December after urging the party to reject Mr Turnbull 's climate change policy .
And he opened up a new front in the culture wars yesterday by claiming that acknowledgment of Indigenous elders at official functions was paternalistic and tokenistic .
Fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap .
No .
Dead or Alive Paradise ( PSP )
Developer : Team Ninja
Publisher : Koei Tecmo
Released : March 30 , 2010
MSRP : $ 29.99
Dead or Alive Paradise leaves only questions in its wake .
Is this supposed to be a videogame ?
Are we really meant to masturbate to this ?
Has anybody at Tecmo actually seen a breast in real life ?
It forces us to ask all these questions , and not once does it ever answer them .
I do n't know what Dead or Alive Paradise is supposed to be .
It 's clearly trying to appeal to fans of the female form , but the graphics are so poor and the breasts so supernatural that I can't imagine anybody being able to even generate pre-come after playing this for an hour , let along manipulate their glans to the point of full issue .
The general premise is the same as always -- girls from the Dead or Alive franchise forget that they are battle - hardened pugilists and put on bikinis to walk around a beach all day .
Taking on the role of one of these vapid bimbos with excruciating and worryingly child - like voices , players get to experience their dream vacation , befriending incredibly stupid women , giving and receiving material gifts , trying on different swimwear , and trying to pose for photographs even though their tits wo n't stay still long enough .
The game is split into night and day .
During the day , players can choose various locations and partake in a number of activities .
None of the activities are very fun .
They consist of inane and intellectually insulting minigames that barely work , like volleyball and " pool hopping . "
These games are all about numbly pressing buttons and hoping you win , except you 're not hoping that hard because you 're not emotionally invested in what 's going on .
It 's hard to pay attention to minigames when you all can think about is how badly you want them to end .
Other Dead or Alive characters will hang out at different locations where you will be able to give them gifts and try to " partner up " with them , presumably for potential lesbian shenanigans .
Most of the time , the girls will accept your gift , then wrap it back up and give it to you at the end of the day as a return gift .
These women are bitches , and gift - giving soon becomes a waste of time .
Wait , what am I saying ?
That implies that there is a point during Paradise where something is n't a waste of time .
Players can also shop for presents , accessories and bikinis , although again there 's not much of a reason to do any of it .
The main attraction is , of course , the photography section , where the women will swim , relax , or pose while you get to snap pictures like a creepy , quasi - pedophile stalker .
There seems to be very little reward for doing so other than your own sexual satisfaction .
So that means there is actually NO reward for doing this whatsoever .
The very best you 'll get is a momentary of pulse of blood through your shaft , and that 's not enough to justify a purchase .
At night , players have the option to gamble at fruit machines , or play Blackjack and Poker .
Since this is based on random luck , the game frequently robs you of your money .
It 's sad that the card games are the most enjoyable part of Dead or Alive Paradise , especially considering the fact that it is shit .
That tells you just how miserable the rest of the game is .
Bear in mind that the vast majority of the game is represented by static locations .
You do n't even get to walk around this island paradise .
In fact , you only barely interact with your character even during the minigames .
Most of the game is set out like a very poor adventure title , sans the adventure part , where you simply select locations without having direct control over anybody or anything .
The worst part of it all , however , is the fact that Dead or Alive Paradise looks absolutely dreadful .
For a game based entirely around eye candy , Paradise is a visual mess .
Characters are poorly rendered , and the game is also very badly compressed , meaning that even if the game was better looking , it would still be full of artifacts that make the characters look like they 're covered in blackheads .
The FMVs have been reduced in quality so badly that they 're nearly unwatchable , and the main game looks like a low quality JPEG come to life .
PSP games can look much better than this , and this is a game in which visuals are the only selling point .
It completely defeats the object .
I have tried to achieve and maintain an erection while playing Dead or Alive Paradise but it is difficult .
In fact , it would be more erotic to watch a three - legged dog eating cold meat from a baby 's lap .
The game tries to turn us on , but even if the girls were taking full cocks up themselves , it still would n't be all that sexy .
Especially with their horrific , squealing , infantile voices and boobs that move as if they have become self - aware .
While it 's completely unoriginal to say " just watch some porn " when talking about the Dead or Alive games , that does n't mean it is n't true .
The fact is that if you want to shoot your love piss everywhere , you do n't need this game .
Even if you 're into Hentai , this should be so low on your to - do list that it does n't even rank above wanking over Project A - KO .
Not that I 've ever done that .
At the end of the day , there is no reason for this game .
It 's not fun to play , it 's not sexually exciting , it 's not ... anything .
You 're actually an idiot if you can orgasm while playing this .
Now let 's never speak of it again .
Score : 1.0 -- Epic Fail ( 1s are the lowest of the low .
There is no potential , no skill , no depth and no talent .
These games have nothing to offer the world , and will die lonely and forgotten . )
reviewed by Jim Sterling
A Malaysian court has fined a man and a woman four buffaloes and a pig after they were found guilty of an extra-marital affair , a local report says .
The pair were convicted by the Native Court in Penampang on Borneo island , after the man 's wife lodged a complaint last year , said the Star newspaper .
She had found her husband wearing shorts at his second home with her colleague , who was wearing a sarong .
The court in Sabah state rejected their claim they were just " best friends " .
Convicting the pair under customary local laws , Judge William Sampil said on Friday there was strong evidence the pair had had an affair , reported the Star .
They were ordered to compensate their communities with the livestock , valued at about 6,500 ringgit ( $ 1,900 ; £ 1,200 ) for their tryst .
They were also reportedly each fined 1,000 ringgit .
Klassiske bildeler
Classic Reservedeler
Reservedeler kan være mange forskjellige ting og tilhører mange forskjellige ting .
Du kan snakke om reservedeler til alle motoriserte kjøretøy , som biler , traktorer , motorsykler osv. , Men du kan også snakke om elektronisk , som datamaskin og kamera , samt diverse andre maskiner .
Noen classic parts kan være svært sjeldne som porsche classic parts , volvo classic parts , volvo duett deler og volvo amazon deler .
Det kan være at du har en bil fra 60 - tallet , og noe om dette må byttes ut , men som du vil ha de originale delene , kan det være vanskelig .
Heldigvis handler noen mennesker ikke om noe annet enn å lete etter spesielle reservedeler , og de kan selv erstatte dem .
Congressman Alan Grayson
Press Release
March 9 , 2010
Congressman Alan Grayson , D - Fla. , today introduced a bill ( H.R. 4789 ) which would give the option to buy into Medicare to every citizen of the United States .
The “ Public Option Act , ” also known as the “ Medicare You Can Buy Into Act , ” would open up the Medicare network to anyone who can pay for it .
Congressman Grayson said , “ Obviously , America wants and needs more competition in health coverage , and a public option offers that .
But it ’s just as important that we offer people not just another choice , but another kind of choice .
A lot of people do n’t want to be at the mercy of greedy insurance companies that will make money by denying them the care that they need to stay healthy , or to stay alive .
We deserve to have a real alternative . ”
The bill would require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish enrollment periods , coverage guidelines , and premiums for the program .
Because premiums would be equal to cost , the program would pay for itself .
“ The government spent billions of dollars creating a Medicare network of providers that is only open to one - eighth of the population .
That ’s like saying , ‘ Only people 65 and over can use federal highways . ’
It is a waste of a very valuable resource and it is not fair .
This idea is simple , it makes sense , and it deserves an up - or - down vote , ” Congressman Grayson said .
http://grayson.house.gov/News/DocumentSingle.aspx?DocumentID=175363
H.R. 4789 – “ Public Option Act ” or “ Medicare You Can Buy Into Act ” :
http://thomas.loc.gov/
Click Bill Number .
Enter H.R. 4789 .
Click Search .
From there you can access the text of the legislation ( very short bill ) , cosponsors , and other information .
Video of Grayson ’s introduction of H.R. 4789 to House ( 5 minutes ) :
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/03/10/grayson-offers-medicare-b_n_492831.html
Article XVIII , Sec. 1818
http://www.ssa.gov/OP_Home/ssact/title18/1818.htm
Article XVIII , Sec. 1818A
http://www.ssa.gov/OP_Home/ssact/title18/1818A.htm
Medicare premiums for 2010
http://questions.medicare.gov/cgi-bin/medicare.cfg/php/enduser/std_adp.php?p_faqid=2260
Comment :
By Don McCanne , MD
Throughout the reform process members of Congress have been fighting over whether or not the reform legislation should include the option of purchasing a government - sponsored plan through the proposed insurance exchanges – the so - called “ public option . ”
Since Congressman Alan Grayson introduced the “ Public Option Act ” or “ Medicare You Can Buy Into Act ” three days ago , a wave of enthusiastic support has been generated based on the perception that this is the perfect solution .
Today ’s comment briefly discusses this legislation , and it will sound really great at first blush , but do not draw any firm conclusions until you read through to the end .
Okay .
What does this bill do ?
It simply allows any legal resident of the United States under age 65 to buy into Medicare .
The program will be paid for by the premiums to be collected from the individuals purchasing the coverage .
Six age brackets are established for purposes of pooling funds .
This reduces the financial burden on younger , healthier individuals by requiring older individuals to pay the higher premiums that would be required to fully fund their less healthy risk pool .
Many are not aware of this , but Medicare already has a buy - in program .
Under Title XVIII , Sec. 1818 , individuals over 65 who have fewer than 40 quarters of Medicare - covered employment who would otherwise not be eligible for Medicare can still participate by paying a full premium for Part A coverage ( hospital ) or a reduced premium if they have 30 to 39 quarters of Medicare - covered employment .
Likewise , under Sec. 1818A , disabled individuals whose entitlement ends due to having earnings that exceed the qualification level can also purchase Medicare Part A. Grayson ’s bill adds a new Sec. 1818B to Title XVIII to expand the buy - in option to anyone under 65 .
For 2010 , the premium under Sec. 1818 and Sec. 1818A to buy into Medicare Part A is $ 461 per month .
The premium for Part B ( supplemental medical ) is the same as for qualified retirees – $ 110.50 and up , based on income ( ignoring the hold harmless exception ) .
Thus the buy - in is about $ 571 per month , or more for those with higher incomes .
Although Medicare beneficiaries have a high rate of chronic disease plus the costs of end - of - life care , the risk pool is diluted with a very large number of healthy seniors , thus the premiums are not as high as one might think .
On the other hand , it is likely that the risk pools for the older but still under 65 age groups in the Grayson proposal would be subject to adverse selection .
Since the premiums must pay all costs , they may be higher , perhaps much higher , than the diluted post 65 risk pool .
Grayson has not included any risk adjustment mechanism to compensate for this .
At any rate , the Grayson proposal seems to be the true public option , run by the government , that progressives have been fighting for .
So what could be wrong with it ?
The greatest concern of all is that it still does not fix our outrageously expensive , administratively wasteful , highly inequitable , fragmented method of financing health care .
It merely provides another expensive option in our very sick system of paying for health care .
Providing yet one more option that people can’t afford really has n’t moved the process .
Although Medicare is a very popular program , it is highly flawed .
It has an oppressive central bureaucracy .
It fails to use more efficient financing systems such as global budgeting for hospitals and negotiation to obtain greater value in health care purchasing .
There are serious questions about whether Medicare funds are being distributed equitably and in a manner to promote greater efficiency .
Its benefit package is relatively poor , covering only about half of health care costs for our seniors .
Most Medicare beneficiaries feel that they essentially are forced either to purchase Medigap plans , which provide the worst value of all private health plans , or to enroll in Medicare Advantage plans , which waste too many tax and premium dollars .
It would be both much less expensive for all of us and better for Medicare beneficiaries if the extra benefits of these private plans were rolled into the traditional Medicare program .
Part D should be stripped of its private market administrative and profit excesses and also be rolled into the traditional program .
Medicare also has failed to introduce beneficial innovative programs such as the British NICE system , which would improve both quality and value in our health care .
When we advocate for an improved Medicare for all , we really are n’t advocating for Medicare with a few tweaks .
We are advocating for replacing Medicare with a single payer national health program that covers everyone , which we can still call Medicare , just as the Canadians do .
Adding another buy - in program to the two buy - in programs that already exist in our highly dysfunctional system will do virtually nothing to fix these flaws we now have .
It does nothing to slow the growth in our national health expenditures , and the high premiums for a package of mediocre benefits will do little to reduce the numbers of uninsured .
For those who say that a Medic
are buy - in is an incremental step towards health care utopia , explain precisely how that is going to work .
Explain each problem that it solves .
Explain how it is going to morph into a universal or near universal system in which each individual is paying the full actuarial value of the coverage .
It wo n’t happen .
Playing with a Medicare buy - in is an unnecessary diversion at a time that we need to get serious about reform .
We need to fix Medicare and expand it to cover everyone .
Nothing less will do .
Yahoo has struck a deal with the Premier League for the UK online highlights for the next three seasons .
From the start of next season in August Yahoo , which is in final contract negotiations with the Premier League , will run a five - minute highlights package of every match on Yahoo.co.uk .
Highlights will be available from midnight on Sunday after weekend matches and at midnight the same day for midweek fixtures .
Virgin Media currently have the rights .
Before that they were held by BSkyB , and before that by 3 and Vodafone jointly .
" The acquisition of Premier League rights shows how serious Yahoo is about providing the best in video content for our both our users and advertisers , " said Rich Riley , the company 's European managing director .
Yahoo's deal also includes the right in the UK to syndicate all , or part , of the Premier League highlights content to third parties .
Yahoo in the US has similar deals with big name sports including the NBA basketball , PGA golf , NHL hockey and MLB baseball .
It is understood that Virgin Media did re-bid for the Premier League rights but Yahoo tabled the most lucrative offer .
" I 'm amazed Google has n't done the deal , " said Ian Maude , an analyst at Enders .
" They have pushed hard for traditional [ TV ] rights and signed up Channel 4 and Five and the Indian Premier League .
They are clearly trying to make YouTube more than skateboarding dogs . "
In January Google - owned YouTube struck a deal with the IPL to live stream matches to every country outside the US .
In the past six months YouTube has also struck deals with Channel 4 and Channel Five .
But then the Premier League is involved in a long - running copyright class action suit against YouTube , which kicked off in May 2007 .
" This seems a great coup for Yahoo , although whether the deal works depends on what they paid compared to how they can monetise it , " said Maude .
" Online sports advertising is pretty significant in the US , albeit tiny compared to TV advertising , and the Premier League is probably the only sport likely to attract a big audience [ to make money from ] . "
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Spring City
History
Spring City has a rich history that is often unknown .
Take a stroll through the history within this video to learn more about Spring City 's roots .
What Is Twitter Video Downloader ?
Are you a regular twitter user and have wanted to download several interesting videos posted on twitter but have failed to do so .
This might have happened as twitter does not have the option to download twitter videos to your PC or mobile phone directly .
To ...
B'Tselem strongly condemns the execution today of two Palestinians convicted of collaboration with Israel , by the Hamas government in Gaza .
The death penalty is immoral and violates the basic right to life of every human being .
B'Tselem holds that under no circumstance must it be imposed .
In addition to objection in principle to the death penalty , today 's execution was based on a trial that did not meet even minimal standards of due process .
Gazans charged with collaboration are unable to mount a proper defense or to appeal the verdicts and punishments imposed upon them .
Today 's execution is the first official execution in Gaza since Hamas ' takeover .
Reports by media and Palestinian human rights groups indicate that 14 people were sentenced to death in Gazan military courts in 2009 for collaboration with Israel , treason and murder .
Additionally , according to Human Rights Watch , during Operation Cast Lead , 32 Palestinians were executed without trial by Palestinian armed groups apparently associated with Hamas , for allegedly providing Israel with information .
The poll ran between 15 - 22 April 2010 and apparently it attracted exactly 1024 responses during that time .
It was promoted via Blogs .
Perl.org , in the Perl Mongers group on LinkedIN the Twitter account of Gabor Szabo , on the IRC channel of Padre and on some of the Perl Monger mailing lists .
This time only a single answer was allowed for each person which means the number of answers is also the number of people who answered .
While we can not be sure it seems the number of respondents is comparable to the previous two polls .
The potential answers were listed relatively well and I managed to add the missing values relatively quickly so the " Other " field was used only 18 times ( 1.76 % ) .
On the other hand the idea to give " Windows - Other " ( 3 votes ) and " Linux - Other " ( 23 votes ) was probably not a good idea as we do n't really know where those answers belong .
The " Linux - any distro " got quite a lot of reponses ( 37 votes 3.61 % ) after it was added but that only shows the ( lack of ) preference of the developer and not so much what actually is being used .
On both Blogs .
Perl.org , and on the Perl Mongers group on LinkedIN many comments were received .
In many cases people indicated a difference between development and deployment operating system and a difference between the OS used at work and at home .
Further surveys might want to make that distinction .
There was also a comment indicating that some people run their development tools on one machine while they are actully running the code on another machine .
Indeed many IDEs support a way to open a remote files via ssh or ftp .
The already favorable odds that the Samsung Galaxy S will soon find a home in the US have skyrocketed , as the super sexy smartphone has been awarded certification by the FCC .
Sporting the AT&T - friendly 3G bands , the Galaxy S would represent a huge shot in the arm to AT&T ’s Android offerings which is currently limited to the Motorola BACKFLIP .
And although we can’t tell you with 100 % certainty that AT&T is in its future , short of getting a hold of some internal AT&T documents or an official announcement , we ’d certainly put a lot of money on this being the case .
Read
BYD are a Chinese car company with serious global aspirations and after recently signing on with Daimler AG ( NYSE : DAI ) to co-develop electric vehicles , no one is doubting their potential .
Warren Buffet came onboard in late 2008 , buying up a 10 % stake in BYD worth $ 230 million USD , largely due to their enviable chinese market share and to a lesser extent due to their development of electric vehicles that may be heading to Europe and the USA sooner rather than later .
BYD has been the toast of the international business community so far in 2010 having been ranked as the 8th most innovative company in the world by BusinessWeek and the 16th most innovative company in the world by Fast Company .
BYD has attracted some negative attention in the past over its propensity to build cars that look startlingly familiar to cars being offered by Mercedes Benz , Porsche , Kia and a number of other leading international auto manufacturers .
Most observers put this down to being par for the course in China but state that in order to succeed outside of the mainland they will need to develop their own look .
The BYD e6 pictured above is the model that is expected to go on sale to European and North American consumers later this year ( if approval can be attained ) and BYD has models testing in the US at the time of writing .
The car itself is a 100 % electric vehicle and is said to be capable of 200 miles on a single charge , there are some caveats though , the initial price is said to be in the region of $ 40,000 USD which is a big ask for an unknown chinese brand and positions the e6 at a price point of over $ 10,000 USD more than the all electric Nissan Leaf , the Toyota Prius , the Chevy Volt and the hybrid Hyundai Sonata .
The e6 does have significant potential however most analysts are indicating that the car is going to need to aim to enter the market at about half its current price ( $ 20,000 USD ) if it hopes to compete with the big brands in the increasingly crowded electric and hybrid electric vehicle arena .
Do you agree ?
Disagree ?
Leave your opinion in the comments below and let us know if you think BYD can succeed with the e6 .
- To stay in the loop join our Facebook page grab the RSS feed or join us on Twitter @ElectroVelocity -
OFFICIAL BYD E6 PRESS RELEASE - 2009 BYD e6 -
As the latest star in a rapidly expanding portfolio of green , high - tech products , the all - new BYD e6 electric vehicle is being unveiled at the 2009 North American International Auto Show in Detroit .
The five - passenger e6 will be marketed as a family - oriented crossover vehicle .
-
The pure - electric e6 features BYD ’s revolutionary battery technology – what we call the Fe battery .
The range per charge is expected to be a remarkable 249 mi ( 400 km ) .
Performance is surprisingly brisk , with 0 - 60 mph ( 0 - 100 km / h ) acceleration in less than 8 seconds and a projected top speed of 100 mph ( 160 km / h ) . - The Right Size -
What sets the e6 apart from other pure electric vehicles are its size and performance .
With current battery capacity limited , most other manufacturers have elected to focus on small , lightweight EVs that stress efficiency over performance and range .
- BYD , as a young brand with a rich history of IT development and cutting - edge battery R&D , has the drive and extroverted personality to take an unconventional approach and manufacture cars that embody the company ’s slogan , Build Your Dreams .
That ’s the spirit and underlying philosophy behind the e6 . -
The high - tech e6 boasts the exterior dimensions of a typical American family vehicle , with ample interior space that provides substantial legroom and headroom for passengers , plus a generous luggage compartment .
The e6 measures 179.3 inches ( 4554 mm ) long , 71.7 inches ( 1822 mm ) wide and 64.2 inches ( 1630 mm ) tall .
- Convenient and Eco-Friendly -
The pure - electric e6 is environmentally friendly , eliminating toxic emissions and greenhouse gases while driving .
BYD ’s new Fe battery takes this “ green ” philosophy a step further :
All chemical substances used in the battery can be recycled .
And while the range of many electric vehicles is restricted by their battery capacity , making it inconvenient to travel long distances , the BYD e6 , with its high - efficiency
Fe battery , can go up to 249 miles ( 400 km ) on a single charge .
That makes the e6 suitable for daily commutes , around - town chores and even long journeys .
-
The Fe battery pack in the e6 can be quick - charged to 50 percent of itscapacity in 10 minutes , and 100 percent of its capacity in 60 minutes .
- e6 SPECIFICATIONS
Length in ( mm ) 179.3 ( 4554 )
Width in ( mm ) 71.7 ( 1822 ) Height in ( mm ) 64.2 ( 1630 )
Wheelbase in ( mm ) 111.4 ( 2830 ) Curb Weight lb ( kg ) 4453 ( 2020 )
Output hp ( kw ) 268 ( 200 ) Torque lb - ft ( Nm ) 406 ( 550 ) Range mi ( km ) 249 ( 400 ) 0 - 60 mph Acceleration ( sec ) < 8s Top Speed mph ( kph ) 100 ( 160 ) Recharge Time ( quick charge ) 50 % in 10min
-
This is Punky .
His owner was convinced that Punky in sinky meant an ensuing furball situation .
Personally , we think that Punky just found another place to chill out and ignore the rest of the world .
You can learn a lot from your cat :
When you 're hungry , eat .
When you 're tired , nap in a sink .
When you go to the vet 's , pee on your owner .
Talking of naps ...
Image Credit Flickr User IBM4832
This is Buff , who is eight months old and has suddenly rebelled against his usual sleeping quarters .
His owner thought perhaps he was just proving his independence and hoped that he would outgrow it - or the sink .
Wilful is a word that could be used to describe cats ( just a little ) - so do n't live in hope .
He will make his mind up - but if and when is up to him .
Cats make kindly masters , but only as long as you remember your place .
The only man ever to admit involvement in the assassination of Malcolm X was freed on parole Tuesday , 45 years after he helped gun down the civil rights leader .
Thomas Hagan was the last man still serving time in the 1965 killing , part of the skein of violence that wound through the cultural and political upheaval of the 1960s .
He was freed from a Manhattan prison where he spent two days a week under a work - release program .
ADVERTISEMENT
Hagan , 69 , has repeatedly expressed sorrow for being one of the gunmen who fired on Malcolm X , killing one of the civil rights era ’s most polarizing and compelling figures .
One of the groups dedicated to Malcolm X’s memory condemned Hagan ’s parole .
Hagan declined to comment after his release .
“ I really have n’t had any time to gather my thoughts on anything , ” he told The Associated Press by telephone .
Hagan acknowledged that he was one of three men who shot Malcolm X in front of a crowd of hundreds Ã¢â‚¬â€ including several of his young children Ã¢â‚¬â€ as the civil rights leader began a speech at Harlem ’s Audubon Ballroom on Feb. 21 , 1965 .
Two other accomplices created a distraction in the audience , Hagan has said .
But he said the two men convicted with him were not involved .
They , too , maintained their innocence and were paroled in the 1980s .
No one else has ever been charged , a fact that has perpetuated debate and theories surrounding the slaying .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Manhattan District Attorney ’s office , which prosecuted Hagan and his co-defendants , declined to comment on Hagan ’s release or his account of the killing .
Hagan tried 17 times before being approved last month for parole .
He had been sentenced to up to life in prison for what he described in a 2008 court filing as the deed of a young man who “ acted out of rage on impulse and loyalty ” to religious leaders .
The assassins gunned down Malcolm X out of anger at his split with the leadership of the Nation of Islam , the black Muslim movement for which he had once served as a prominent spokesman , said Hagan , then known as Talmadge X Hayer .
Malcolm
X had spoken out against its leader , Elijah Muhammad , in comments that some of Muhammad ’s followers denounced as slander .
ADVERTISEMENT
At the time , “ I thought I was fighting for truth and right , ” Hagan said in a 1977 sworn statement that aimed , unsuccessfully , to get his co-defendants ’ convictions overturned .
Over the years since the assassination , “ I ’ve had a lot of time , a heck of a lot of time , to think about it , ” Hagan told a parole board last month , according to a transcript of the interview .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I understand a lot better the dynamics of movements and what can happen inside movements , and conflicts that can come up , but I have deep regrets about my participation in that , ” said Hagan , adding that he had earned a master ’s degree in sociology since his conviction .
He said he was still a Muslim but no longer a Nation of Islam member .
The Malcolm X & Dr. Betty Shabazz Memorial and Educational Center , an organization founded by the civil rights leader ’s late widow , has n’t taken a position on Hagan ’s parole , board chairman Zead Ramadan said .
“ We just do n’t think it ’s ours to decide the fate of this man .
We allowed the laws of this nation to develop that , ” Ramadan said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Members of the Shabazz family did n’t immediately respond to a request for comment made through the center .
Another group , the Malcolm X Commemoration Committee , decried Hagan ’s parole at a press conference earlier this month , saying the crime was too serious to allow for his release .
“ ( Malcolm X ) was and still is an enormous international figure and revolutionary hero , ” spokesman Zayid Muhammad said in a release .
The committee holds essay contests and other events in his memory .
Malcolm
X rose to fame as an uncompromising voice for black empowerment who urged African - Americans to claim civil rights “ by any means necessary ” and called white people “ blue - eyed devils . ”
But after breaking with the Nation of Islam in 1964 and making an Islamic pilgrimage to Mecca , he began renouncing racial separatism .
ADVERTISEMENT
After he was killed at 39 , a New York Times editorial called him a “ twisted man ; ” Time magazine described him as a demagogue whose “ gospel was hatred . ”
But his stature grew after his death with sales of “ The Autobiography of Malcolm X , ” written with Alex Haley , and later with Spike Lee ’s 1992 film “ Malcolm X , ” said Manning Marable , the director of Columbia University ’s Center for Contemporary Black History and the author of a forthcoming biography of Malcolm X .
By 1999 , Malcolm X was on a postage stamp .
Hagan was initially scheduled for release Wednesday , but the date was moved up because his paperwork was completed , state Department of Correctional Services spokeswoman Linda Foglia said .
Hagan was on work release for nearly 22 years .
He spent five days a week working in settings that included a homeless shelter ; he spent those nights at his Brooklyn home with his family .
He told the parole board he hopes to become a substance abuse counselor .
Is the big bang theory wrong ?
( Image : Lynette Cook / Science Photo Library )
WHY do distant galaxies seem to age at the same rate as those closer to us when big bang theory predicts that time should appear to slow down at greater distances from Earth ?
No one can yet answer this new question , but one controversial idea is that the galaxies ’ light is being bent by intervening black holes that formed shortly after the big bang .
Space has been expanding since the big bang , stretching light from distant objects to longer , redder wavelengths – a process called “ red shift ” .
The expansion …
If free beer is n’t your thing , how about free cupcakes .
This Friday , March 26 – Dozen will preview their new summer cupcake menu with a FREE cupcake tasting party at their Lawrenceville location .
You can find info about all 5 Dozen locations here – http://www.dozencupcakes.com/
Dozen cupcakes sells cupcakes and lots more – including rice krispie treats ( a personal favorite ) , cookies , brownies , brunch and more .
Currently Dozen is in the lead on Boring PGH ’s cupcake poll – Dozen vs. Coco’s .
Here are some reviews of Dozen from other bloggers :
You can read more about Dozen on Urban Spoon
Even more blog posts about cupcakes – including cupcakes for men… .
When your home in Sacramento is infested with pests such as cockroaches , bedbugs , ants and others you have the option to get rid of them by yourself or hire an exterminator to do the work for you .
It is good to note that getting rid of the pests is not an easy process , so hiring an exterminator Sacramento is the best option .
Despite that you incur some costs by working with an exterminator ; the benefits you get outweigh the costs .
Below are some of the benefits of hiring the professionals .
Cost and time effectiveness
One of the major advantages of hiring an exterminator Sacramento is that you end up saving a lot of money in the long run .
If you try to battle the pests by yourself , you buy a lot treatments , use the wrong techniques , waste a lot of time in the process and you might end up failing to get rid of the pests .
A highly qualified and experienced professional has the knowledge on the best treatments , use great techniques and have the ability to do the work within a very short time .
They also use more effective and powerful pesticides you may not access or those that are too costly for you to buy .
Enhance safety in your home
Most of the pesticides and treatments used in household pest control carry certain risks and health hazards .
They need to be used by professionals who know how to apply them properly .
With an exterminator , you eliminate the risks of damage to property , ill health effects and other problems that might be costly to deal with .
Exterminators also carry a liability insurance cover that protects you against such potential risks and damages .
Provide more sustainable results
Professionals use pesticides that have long lasting effects .
When you hire a highly qualified exterminator Sacramento , you can be assured that the pest problem will be eliminated completely .
They carry out thorough assessments in order to identify the pests that have invaded your home and create a treatment program to target the specific pests and their source .
The exterminator then uses pest control and elimination techniques that ensure your home is free of the pests completely .
Guarantee provided
A reputable exterminator will give you an effectiveness guarantee of certain duration within which if the pests invade your home again , they will offer the treatment for free .
This aims to assure that they have used effective treatment to keep the pests at bay .
First person view of what it is like to hit power lines during your skydive ..
The much rumored Gigabyte UD9 that had once topped the Futuremark Hall of Fame a few weeks ago is finally beginning to show up in pictures all over the net .
These pictures are showing this board being overclocked on LN2 with 4 GPUs .
Many of the previous records that this board had set on April 1st unfortunately have already been broken by the ASUS Rampage 3 Extreme .
As a result , we expect to see a new faceoff between the three enthusiast motherboard manufacturers in ASUS , EVGA and Gigabyte .
This board will feature not one , but two NF200 chips which will provide full X16 bandwidth to all 4 graphics cards when installed .
And since it is an X58A board it will also feature both SATA 6G and USB 3.0 among other things like the standard X58 features .
Also notice the dual 8 pin power connectors for CPU .
This follows both the EVGA ’s and ASUS ’ designs for their extreme overclocking boards as well .
As many of the pictures may show , this board has a Gigabyte UDP7 PCB updated to be called the UD9 .
This appears to be a renaming of the board on Gigabyte ’s end even though nothing appears to have changed from the UDP7 engineering samples .
We have to admit , that our biggest complaint for this board ’s layout has to be the placement and use of an IDE connector .
They ’re yesterday ’s news and they take up a ridiculous amount of space .
Not to mention , one is placed right between the SATA 6G connectors .
As one can see , this board does not fit the standard ATX formfactor .
This means that users will need to fit this motherboard on a bench or in a very large case .
In addition to that , they ’ve added two 4 pin molex connectors for additional power to the board .
Below are some pictures that we ’ve managed to obtain through various forum postings .
Pictured above and below is the Gigabyte X58A - UD9 as it is known with 4 Gigabyte 5870 Super Overclock videocards .
Picture credit goes to Dinos22 at XS .
Original Author : Anshel Sag
Webmaster ’s note :
This news article is part of our extensive Archive on gadget news that have been happening in the past 10 years .
For up to date stuff we would recommend a visit to our homepage .
Additionally , we take great pride in our user manual section , as well as our VPN Troubleshooting guide , so be sure to check them out as well .
I 'm not entirely sure where to start with this .
It 's fair to say that I will be making a few assumptions here , but they are all based on my perception of your performance and attitude .
If you ever read this , that is .
Or bother to get to the end of it .
Bear in mind that I am just one supporter and my feelings may not necessarily be mirrored by the rest of the fanbase .
One thing that I am pretty sure of though is that we all feel let down .
Some feel angry .
Some are disappointed .
Some have not a good word to say about you .
Does it worry you that the people who pay your wages think this of you ?
Does it make you question your performance as professional footballers ?
I 'm sure you 've heard all the abuse before .
I 'm sure you 've heard people say " oh , look how many people would love to be in your position and play football " before .
So why do n't you stand up and do what you are paid to do , for once ?
That 's the thing though .
I 'm just not certain that it worries you that much .
It does not seem strikingly obvious that you care about the club I support .
It does n't appear that you care too much about the fans .
I do n't see all that much appreciation of the vocal support we give you , which on occasion has been very good despite what has been on offer on the field .
I have been supporting Barnet for close to ten years and I can comfortably say that this squad has the least dedication to the club that I have seen .
I 've always felt a rapport with the team , like they really care about the fans and that there is a real connection .
I just do n't feel that with this team .
Should that not make you question your attitude as a footballer ?
You have got us into this mess , and it is upto you to get us out of it .
You are the reason that for the whole of today , and most likely the next two days , I have been fretting at my desk .
Not about my job , but about this livelyhood that for some unknown reason I hold so dear .
I 'm not the only one , rest assured .
This feeling of fear and apprehension is most likely shared by every true Barnet fan I know .
I hope you feel the same .
I hope you are bricking it .
I hope you realise the mess you have caused , the grief you have imposed upon us and maybe it will click that a little bit of commitment and passion will give us a better chance of escaping this hellish situation we find ourselves in .
So Saturday then .
Grimsby away .
Saturday should be the biggest game in most of your careers .
You might have played in title deciders , or cup finals but if you lose one of those , you 're most probably going to get another go .
When you 're in a game as crucial as this , there is so much more riding on it .
If this club gets relegated we are fucked .
If we lose , we 'll have one more chance .
Against Rochdale .
That team in second place .
Let 's not leave it until then , eh ?
Let 's not put ourselves through another week of torture .
Let 's just get the job done on Saturday and close the book on this horrendous season that you have delivered us .
I 'll be there .
I 'll be a bag of nerves but I 'll be there .
An 8 O'Clock start on the train may help ease some of the anguish on the long journey but what should have been an enjoyable day out with a large group of mates could well turn into a nightmare .
People who have been disillusioned and stayed away from away games will suddenly be sprung back into life and get themslves to Grimsby out of the importance that this game has now taken on .
There should be a half decent turnout up there for what is an absolutely crucial game .
It will be full of people who have had this situation dawn on them in the last few weeks .
People who have been so disillusioned by your lack of commitment that they have themselves thought that if you can't be bothered to perform , then why should they part with their hard earned cash and waste a Saturday to go and watch you ?
I 'm not trying to speak on their behalf , but this is certainly something that I 've been feeling , and people who I have spoken to have expressed a similar such feeling .
All you need to do is look at the numbers that have backed you home and away this year .
They started reasonably but have fallen away steadily .
Just under 1,900 watched the crucial game with Rotherham .
Only 338 travelled round the corner to Dagenham .
People have had their passion for this club drained away from them by your continual failure to provide the minimum as a footballer .
If by some miracle you decide to buck your ideas up and get the result we need , we 'll be happy , do n't get me wrong .
We 'll be pleased that you have managed to keep us up by the skin of your teeth but do n't go expecting me to pour some new found adulation on you in your achievement and suddenly turn round and say I 've loved you all along .
You 'll have just about done your job .
Football is fickle , we all know this .
I suppose that if you do it on Saturday then I will be get carried away in the moment and say that all is forgiven .
Perhaps it will .
Long way to go yet though .
I hope that if you are reading this , if you have got this far , that you are seething .
I hope you have the desire to go and prove me wrong .
Go on .
Go out there and fucking prove me wrong .
I hope that you feel that what you have read is a complete load of bollocks and you do care .
I hope you care as much as me .
Because you are dragging me through the fucking dirt with this .
People like me are the reason you play football .
Because we will stick with you to the death and follow you .
Without supporters , you would not have a game to play .
People pin their hopes , their dreams , their happiness squarely on your shoulders .
I hope you realise just how much this means to me and so many Barnet supporters .
You have let us down so many times .
You built us up and you knocked us down .
I guess that 's just football .
But now you have the chance to stand up and stay strong .
I am offering one last desperate plea for you to do so .
Relegation does not bear thinking about .
Everyone needs to get themselves to Grimsby .
Just go .
However much it costs .
This lot need one big show of support to get them over the finish line .
This is a massive game , its importance barely parallelled in recent years .
So whatever you 're doing instead , cancel it .
If it 's gonna cause a ruction with the Mrs. ( or Mr. ) then appease them with some sort of gift , i.e. pay them off .
Just go to Grimsby .
See you there .
Hi all ,
There have been a few exciting and daunting changes going on here in the last few weeks .
I ’ll be sharing more about it in a different blog post .
First I wish to announce the official opening of Myomytv ’s first apparel shop .
It ’s only taken me 6 years to finally put my stamp on something [… ]
Continue reading
Playing with apps on an Android phone is fun .
Building your own apps , even more so .
But what about using the phone to operate a moving , talking bot ?
Tim Heath and Ryan Hickman have done exactly that .
The bot they recently finished building – Truckbot – is still relatively simple .
It 's got an HTC G1 phone for a brain , riding on top of a chassis with some wheels and treads .
All it can do is roll around on a tabletop , turn and head off in a specified direction .
When I visit the workshop where they 're building it , Heath and Hickman show how it can use the phone 's compass to make itself point to the south .
But the duo have much more ambitious plans in mind .
" I knew I could build this thing .
I just needed a phone , " explains Heath , a Python web engineer .
He posted on various e-mail lists looking for one , including that of Hacker Dojo , a Mountain View , California , hackerspace .
Hickman , who works for Google 's Doubleclick division , but has no connections to the Android people , saw Heath 's pleas .
They got together and started building .
The first bot they built was made out of plastic .
They just finished constructing their second bot , called Truckbot , which is lighter and cardboard - based .
They could have purchased the pricey $ 175 Oomlout kit , which includes wheels , motors and an Arduino - based brain .
Hickman and Heath opted for making their own chassis .
Here 's a full list of parts they used :
$ 16 Bare bones Arduino
$ 3 Micro servo
$ 0.25 Hex inverter ( handled 3.3 v to 5 v conversion )
$ 4 HTC USB breakout board
$ 3 Mini breadboard
$ 4 miscellaneous cardboard , strap ties , wires , rear wheel
Total : $ 30 ( plus shipping ) .
To be fair , Heath and Hickman had access to a local workshop , the Tech Shop in Menlo Park , California , which helped tremendously in terms of having the tools to build some parts , like laser - cutting the cardboard chassis .
Their bot is more impressive for its potential than what it currently does .
" Unlike most people out there , " says Hickman , as he types commands on the screen of his laptop , " we do n't want to use the phone as a remote control .
Rather , it becomes the brain of the operation . "
This means they could utilize every hardware and software component of an Android phone , programming the bot to avoid obstacles , recognize faces and voices , pinpoint its location and go places .
An Arduino board , which basically serves as a software - hardware link , is not smart enough to handle that , but an Android phone can .
For example , Arduino can detect when the bot bumps into something , but has to rely on the phone to decide on what to do next .
As we 're wrapping up , the bot turns towards me and says , " Hello , Miran .
Wired is awesome . "
Thanks , Truckbot !
I like you too .
Wanna try building your own Android bot ?
Here is their five - step process :
Laser - cut pieces in cardboard or acrylic using PDF file
Attach breadboard , rear caster , 9V battery , servos , and Arduino using strap ties and glue
Glue servo arms to wheels and attach with the small servo screw
Connect wiring for servos , Arduino , breadboard , HTC USB board and battery
Mount phone with large strap tie and insert USB plug to bottom
To get it to work , you also need to do the following with the OS :
Load Cyanogen on Android phone *
Download the Android Scripting Environment application from code.google.com
Copy cellbot.py file to phone 's SD card / sdcard / ase / scripts /
Load Cellbot code on Arduino board
Run the Python script and telnet into the robot from a remote machine to control it .
* For the commercial version of Android , an additional BlueTooth module is required .
If you get stuck , go to Heath and Hickman 's bot development blog for more tips .
Enjoy experimenting , and let us know how it goes .
See Also :
Photos : Miran Pavic / Wired.com *
Ladies and gentlemen , I 'd like to introduce the newest member of our IT department : Computer Engineer Barbie .
She 's hip , stylish , and a real whiz when it comes to fixing faulty motherboards .
All right , look , Computer Engineer Barbie does n't have the job yet .
But I 'm pulling for her .
This chick 's qualified , man -- and , just between us , I think she might have a thing for me .
( Click on the images to enlarge )
Meet Computer Engineer Barbie
Silly as it may sound , Computer Engineer Barbie is no creation of my imagination .
Mattel announced the new geek - friendly figurine today following a worldwide vote on its official Facebook and Twitter pages .
Computer Engineer Barbie will become the 125th career - specific Barbie , winning an impressive half a million votes ( only four of which came from me , I swear ) .
And lest you think Computer Engineer Barbie is just another cute doll in the office , both the Society of Women Engineers and the National Academy of Engineering have put their stamps of approval on this tech - savvy sister .
The two groups helped design Ms. B 's signature look , which includes a binary code t- shirt , a stylish pink watch , and some geek - chic glasses .
Computer Engineer Barbie also sports a Bluetooth earpiece and fancy smartphone , though it's hard to tell whether she 's an iPhone or Android kind of gal .
And of course , she carries her own travel - sized laptop , too .
Unfortunately , as Ken knows all too well , a dongle is not included .
JR Raphael is a PCWorld contributing editor and the co-founder of eSarcasm .
He 's on Facebook : facebook.com /The.JR.Raphael
Photo : Featureflash / Shutterstock
A career in fashion photography does n't have to be an impossible dream .
Three industry insiders tell Ben Widdicombe their tips for getting started .
With its huge audience , high pay - checks and glamorous international lifestyle , fashion photography may seem like one of the world 's most sought - after professions .
But for every fashion photographer who makes it through the door of a top magazine , a thousand others find their niche fashion advertising , art photography , celebrity portraiture or even paparazzi work to make a living .
Allure magazine photo editor Clio McNicholl , photo agent Gloria Cappelletti and New York fashion photographer Eva Mueller agree that breaking into the industry can be hard .
But they have some tips for beginners on setting up a portfolio , submitting work to magazine picture editors , choosing the right photo agency and even getting shown in a gallery .
Setting up a portfolio
A photographer 's most important tool is her portfolio , and this is particularly true for beginners who do n't have an established reputation .
" Having been around , I know how hard it is to get in the door , " says Allure magazine photo editor Clio McNicholl , who receives around 50 unsolicited portfolios a month .
Conde Nast 's Allure , with a monthly circulation of almost 900,000 , is a prime target for beginners wanting to get their work seen .
" If I do n't know who the person is , I ask them to send me some promotional material .
Generally I only see people who are coming with a direct recommendation from somebody I know , " she says .
Many photographers find that websites offer an inexpensive way to showcase a relatively large quantity of images .
Eva Mueller ( www.evamueller.com), a Munich - born fashion and beauty photographer who has been living and working in Manhattan for ten years , points out that computer editing is also a method of keeping down retouching and printing costs .
But despite the medium 's advantages , most industry professionals will still need to see an old - fashioned book before they hire you .
By all means use the web as your calling card , but have something to show them when they call you in for a meeting .
Many fashion photographers find the sharp , bright imaging of 4 x 5 " transparencies show off their work to best effect .
Tear - sheets ( literally , pages ripped from a magazine ) are great if you 've been published , but good quality , 8 x 10 " prints are also OK .
Have at least 20 in your book , and be prepared to leave them for at least a week .
" I like to see a common thread throughout the book , " says Clio McNicholl , who says she can tell within three images whether she likes a photographer 's style .
" Tell a story : not necessarily having all the pictures relating to each other , but I like to have some sort of sense at the end of it that I 've seen that photographer 's personality come through in the pictures . "
The images you choose to showcase in your portfolio should be thematically linked to the job you 're trying to get — still - lifes or product shots if you 're going for an advertising gig , for example .
But also throw in one or two other images to demonstrate your range .
Strong portraits are always a safe bet , as they tend to stay in the mind of the viewer .
Once you 've got your portfolio together , the next challenge is to get the picture editor to use you .
Picking your picture editor
" Most people who cold call me have n't done their research , which is the world 's biggest mistake , " says Clio McNicholl .
" The single biggest thing that people should do is their research .
They should know what the magazine does , and see how you can apply that to what you do .
And they should at least know the name of the photo editor . "
When you submit work to photo editors , remember that you 're " showing " rather than " selling " .
Editors almost never buy the specific image they see before them ; they 're looking for a photographer who can execute future commissions .
You 'll need to be persistent in sending out your work , and ruthless in editing what you choose to show .
The best way to grab an editor 's attention is to show previously published work .
But there 's a down - side .
" Because there 's such an over - supply of photographers , a lot of magazines really take advantage of that fact , " says Eva Mueller .
" Some mags have a decent budget , but a lot of magazines just cover your expenses , they do n't pay for your time or anything .
And a lot of magazines do n't pay at all . "
McNicholl says
Allure 's rates start at $ 350 a day for unknown photographers , up to $ 130,000 for a fashion spread .
A photograph is a document just as much as an article or an essay , and picture editors are looking for concise images which clearly communicate an idea or an emotion .
Celebrity portraiture , for example , should reveal an aspect of the subject 's character , preferably one that is in harmony with the accompanying written profile .
Women 's magazines all over the world buy hundred of stock shots every month — typically young women having fun with their boyfriends , hanging out with friends , or maybe moping home alone with their stuffed toys — all of which express a sentiment commonly dealt with in feature articles .
If your work speaks clearly , you 'll stand a much better chance with picture editors than with vague or ambiguous images .
When you 're submitting your work , remember :
- Call the magazine ahead and get the name of the person to whose attention the submission should be marked
- Label everything with your name and telephone number
- Send working prints or transparencies , not originals
- Include a stamped , self - addressed envelope if you want the work back
Eve Mueller has one last warning about dealing with magazines : " Another bad thing is not getting paid in ages — months and months and months .
Some clients really take advantage of the fact that there are so many photographers out there : they make you pay for the whole shoot , they alter your pictures and do n't tell you when they drop the story .
Sometimes they 're just really disrespectful toward the photographer . "
There is a way to avoid having to deal with photo editors , however : and that 's to have a photo agency do the selling on your behalf .
Finding a photo agent
Photo agencies exist to liaise with clients and sell photographers ' work on their behalf .
They benefit everyone from start - out photographers , who may not have many industry contacts , to seasoned professionals , who are too busy to take care of business dealings themselves .
Gloria Cappelletti is an agent with the Management Artists ' Organization ( MSO ) in Manhattan , which represents a stable of prominent fashion photographers including Stevein Klein , Michelangelo di Battista , Stefan Sedanoui and Alexei Hay .
" First of all , it 's vital to be known , and an agency is in daily contact with clients and publications , " she says .
" That 's the best way for a young photographer to be able to have a connection with them , because usually the photographer is busy taking pictures , and the agent is busy talking to clients .
And that 's the way it should be .
Usually the photographer does n't have enough time to take care of everything . "
Agencies can also re-sell your work in several different markets , acting as a mini publicist and giving career advice .
There are so many agencies — and so many photographers — that Cappelletti says it 's important to research which one may be right for you before making an approach .
" The young photographer has to understand their target , in terms of their personal goals the direction the photographer wants to take , " she says .
" Everyone is different . "
Agents recommend treating your first contact with them as seriously as if it were a job interview .
You should also consider whether they already represent someone whose style is significantly similar to your own — there may not be enough work for both of you , and the other photographer could resent the competition .
A photo agency is not the only place that can sell your work .
If you 're more interested in concentrating on your personal vision than taking commercial work , you can also considering exhibiting in a fine art photography gallery .
Getting a gallery
Two Cases of Altered Consciousness with Amnesia Apparently Telepathically Induced , Margaret A. Paul
Aspects of Biochemical Pharmacology of Psychotropic Drugs , Daniel X. Freedman
Mystical States and the Concept of Regression , Raymond Prince & Charles Savage
Discussion of Paper by Prince and Savage , Walter H. Clare
Programmed Communication During Experience with DMT , Timothy Leary
Psychedelic Research in the Context of Contemporary Psychology , Robert E. Mogar
Some Observations on the Resistance to the Use of LSD in Psychotherapy , Harold R. Stern
Seeds of Glory , Robert Wolff
Synchronicity and the Plot / Plot , Arthur Kleps
Two years ago this month , the open - source Pandora handheld missed its first ship date .
To their credit , the GP2X community had a working dev board , but the handheld 's DS Lite - like case was nowhere to be found , and things have generally progressed at a glacial pace ever since .
However , in February , a spark of hope arrived in the form of dev units , and this week , it appears the last lingering snags are finally being undone .
The above image is a pair of honest - to - goodness mass produced Pandoras with painted , hopefully final cases ; and at the official Pandora blog , the team reports that it now has fully functioning drivers for every component , has resumed production on the mainboards , and intends to ship both cases and boards to the UK soon for final assembly .
Everything seems to be finally coming together .
At this point , it would take a disaster of biblical proportions -- say , a volcanic eruption -- to stop Pandora buyers from lifting lids later this year .
[ Thanks ,
Andy
Guest post by Steven Goddard
In his recent article , NSIDC ’s Dr. Meier answered Question # 9 “ Are the models capable of projecting climate changes for 100 years ? ” with a coin flipping example .
However , Willis claims that such a projection is not possible because climate must be more complex than weather .
How can a more complex situation be modeled more easily and accurately than a simpler situation ?
Let me answer that with a couple more questions :
1 . You are given the opportunity to bet on a coin flip .
Heads you win a million dollars .
Tails you die .
You are assured that it is a completely fair and unbiased coin .
Would you take the bet ?
I certainly would n’t , as much as it ’d be nice to have a million dollars .
2 . You are given the opportunity to bet on 10000 coin flips .
If heads comes up between 4000 and 6000 times , you win a million dollars .
If heads comes up less than 4000 or more than 6000 times , you die .
Again , you are assured that the coin is completely fair and unbiased .
Would you take this bet ?
I think I would .
Dr. Meier is correct that his coin flip bet is safe .
I ran 100,000 iterations of 10,000 simulated random coin flips , which created the frequency distribution seen below .
The chances of getting less than 4,000 or greater than 6,000 heads are essentially zero .
However , this is not an appropriate analogy for GCMs .
The coin flip analogy assumes that each iteration is independent of all others , which is not the case with climate .
[ Note : Originally I used Microsoft ’s random number generator , which is n’t the best , as you can see below .
The above plot which I added within an hour after the first post was made uses the gnu rand ( ) function which generates a much better looking Gaussian . ]
Climate feedback is at the core of Hansen ’s catastrophic global warming argument .
Climate feedback is based on the idea that today ’s weather is affected by yesterday ’s weather , and this year ’s climate is dependent on last year .
For example , climate models ( incorrectly ) forecast that Arctic ice would decrease between 2007 and 2010 .
This would have caused a loss of albedo and led to more absorption of incoming short wave radiation – a critical calculation .
Thus climate model runs in 2007 also incorrectly forecast the radiative energy balance in 2010 .
And that error cascaded into future year calculations .
Same argument can be made for cloud cover , snow cover , ocean temperatures , etc .
Each year and each day affects the next .
If 2010 calculations are wrong , then 2011 and 2100 calculations will also be incorrect .
Because of feedback , climate models are necessarily iterative .
NCAR needs a $ 500 million supercomputer to do very long iterative runs decades into the future .
It is n’t reasonable to claim both independence ( randomness ) and dependence ( feedback . )
Climate model errors compound through successive iterations , rather than correct .
How could they correct ?
Speaking of Arctic ice cover and albedo , the sun is starting to get high in the sky in the Arctic , and ice extent is essentially unchanged from 30 years ago .
How does this affect climate calculations ?
Source : Cryosphere Today
GCMs are similar to weather models , with added parameters for factors which may change over time – like atmospheric composition , changes in sea surface temperatures , changes in ice cover , etc .
We know that weather models are very accurate for about three days , and then quickly break down due to chaos .
There is little reason to believe that climate models will do any better through successive iterations .
The claim is that the errors average out over time and produce a regionally correct forecast , even if incorrect for a specific location .
A good example of how inaccurate climate forecasts are , is shown in the two images below .
NOAA ’s Climate Prediction Center issued a long range forecast for the past winter in February , 2009 .
Brown and orange represents above normal temperatures , and as you can see they got most of the US backwards .
NOAA CPC ’s long range forecast for winter 2009 - 2010
NOAA ’s reported results for winter 2009 - 2010
The UK Met Office seasonal forecasts have also been notoriously poor , culminating in their forecast of a warm winter in 2009 - 2010 .
The Met Office has now admitted to BBC News that its annual global mean forecast predicted temperatures higher than actual temperatures for nine years out of the last 10 .
The Met Office climate models forecast declining Antarctic sea ice , which is the opposite of what has been observed .
Met Office sea ice forecast
NSIDC ’s observed increase in Antarctic sea ice
Conclusion : I do n’t see much theoretical or empirical evidence that climate models produce meaningful information about the climate in 100 years .
However , Willis claims that such a projection is not possible because climate must be more complex than weather .
How can a more complex situation be modeled more easily and accurately than a simpler situation ?
Let me answer that with a couple more questions : 1 . You are given the opportunity to bet on a coin flip .
Heads you win a million dollars .
Tails you die .
You are assured that it is a completely fair and unbiased coin .
Would you take the bet ?
I certainly would n’t , as much as it ’d be nice to have a million dollars .
2 .
You are given the opportunity to bet on 10000 coin flips .
If heads comes up between 4000 and 6000 times , you win a million dollars .
If heads comes up less than 4000 or more than 6000 times , you die .
Again , you are assured that the coin is completely fair and unbiased .
Would you take this bet ?
I think I would .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Einwanderung verändert die Städte – Schweizer werden verdrängt Die starke Einwanderung aus dem Ausland führt zu einschneidenden Umschichtungen auf dem Schweizer Wohnungsmarkt .
Begehrt bei Zuzügern : Wohnraum in der City .
Über lange Jahre waren die Grosszentren mit wachsenden Anteilen älterer Bevölkerungsgruppen konfrontiert .
Das ändert sich nun , wie die Immobilien - Experten des Beratungsunternehmens Wüest & Partner konstatieren .
In der Stadt Zürich beispielsweise nahm der Anteil der 65 - bis 79 - Jährigen in den vergangenen zehn Jahren um 13 Prozent ab .
In Teilen der Agglomerationsgemeinden , vor allem aber an peripheren Lagen , ist hingegen ein beschleunigter Alterungsprozess festzustellen .
Die Entwicklung in der Stadt Zürich ist in den anderen Schweizer Grossstädten ähnlich ( siehe Grafik ) .
Einwanderer verdienen gut
Die neue Generation von Einwanderern ist zumeist hoch qualifiziert , jung und mobil .
Die Zuzüger lassen sich bevorzugt in den grossen Arbeitsplatz - Zentren nieder .
Da sie auch über hohe Löhne verfügen , ziehen die Wohnungspreise sowohl in den Zentren als auch in den steuergünstigen Agglomerationen stark an .
Das führt zu einer Verdrängung von Einheimischen aus den Städten : Insbesondere Familien und Leute mit niedrigen Einkommen weichen auf preiswertere Lagen aus .
Wüest & Partner schreiben dazu in ihrem Bericht : « Die aktuelle Entwicklung der Nachfrage auf den Schweizer Wohnungsmärkten im Zuge der starken Zuwanderung aus dem Ausland darf als historisch einmalig bezeichnet werden . »
Und weiter : Noch nie sei der Anteil hoch qualifizierter , einkommensstarker Einwanderer so gross wie in den letzten drei Jahren gewesen , und noch nie seien so viele Personen zur ständigen Wohnsitznahme in die Schweiz eingewandert .
Knapp 310’000 Personen seien in den letzten drei Jahren zur ständigen Wohnsitznahme aus dem Ausland in die Schweiz eingewandert .
Demgegenüber verliessen 180’000 Personen das Land .
Der Wanderungssaldo ( ohne Statuswechsel von Kurzzeitaufenthaltern ) betrug innert drei Jahren also rund 130’000 Personen , heisst es im Bericht .
Mieten steigen an
Das Beratungsbüro Wüest & Partner hat zudem weiter errechnet :
Im zurückliegenden Halbjahr beschleunigte sich der Preisauftrieb der Mieten gesamt in der Schweiz weiter - entgegen den Erwartungen .
Der Anstieg lag mit rund 2
Prozent fast doppelt so hoch wie in den sechs Monaten zuvor , wie es in der am Dienstag veröffentlichten Frühlingsausgabe des Immo-Monitoring von Wüest & Partner heisst .
Nach Jahren mit steigenden Mieten zeichnet sich gemäss den Experten nun aber in der nahen Zukunft eine Trendwende ab .
Ein Preiszerfall ist in den nächsten Monaten gleichwohl nicht zu erwarten .
Denn die Leerstandsquote liegt nach wie vor auf einem sehr tiefen Stand , und die Zuwanderung von Ausländern bleibt trotz der Abschwächung beträchtlich .
Dass es in der Schweiz - trotz der intensiven Wohnbautätigkeit - bislang zu keiner « Wohnungsschwemme » kam , liegt nach Ansicht von Wüest & Partner nicht zuletzt daran , dass ein Grossteil der neu erstellten Wohnungen nicht zur Miete , sondern zum Kauf auf den Markt kam .
Hier tickt laut den Experten « eine Zeitbombe » .
Zwangsverkäufe drohen
Die rekordtiefen Hypothekarzinsen führten in den letzten Monaten dazu , dass sich immer mehr Mieter eine Eigentumswohnung kauften , um die Wohnkosten zu senken .
Sollten die Zinsen nun abrupt steigen , könnten viele Wohneigentümer vor grossen Finanzproblemen stehen .
Je länger dieser Trend zur Eigentumswohnung anhält , umso radikaler könnte der Preiseinbruch ausfallen , heisst es im Immo-Monitoring .
Platzt die Preisblase , kommt nicht nur die Nachfrage zum Erliegen , vielmehr wäre auch mit einer Zunahme von Zwangsverkäufen zur rechnen .
Der Markt könnte sogar in eine Abwärtsspirale geraten .
Aktuell sieht die Situation allerdings noch völlig anders aus .
Zwar verlangsamte sich der Preisanstieg bei den Eigentumswohnungen im vergangenen Halbjahr ein wenig .
Das Plus von 3,1 Prozent lag aber klar über den Erwartungen .
In den vergangenen zehn Jahren stiegen hierzulande die Preise für Eigentumswohnungen um über 40 Prozent .
Bemerkenswert ist , dass sich der Preisauftrieb im Rezessionsjahr 2009 kräftig beschleunigte : Mit einem Plus von 6,8
Prozent über die letzten zwölf Monate war er doppelt so hoch wie im Durchschnitt des letzten Jahrzehnts .
Regionale Ausreisser
Im Gegensatz zu den Eigentumswohnungen verlief die Preisentwicklung bei den Einfamilienhäusern in den letzten Jahren in ruhigen Bahnen .
Die Gefahr einer Preisblase besteht nicht .
Das hat unter anderem damit zu tun , dass die zahlenmässig stark wachsenden Single - und Paar - Haushalte weniger an einem eigenen Häuschen interessiert sind .
In einzelnen Regionen gibt es jedoch Ausreisser .
Im Raum Zürich etwa betrug der Preisanstieg bei den angebotenen Einfamilienhäusern über die letzten zwölf Monate fast 8 Prozent .
Die Experten von Wüest & Partner bezeichnen das als beunruhigend .
Auch in der Genfersee - Region fiel der Anstieg sehr stark aus .
Wende bei Büroflächen
Trotz der Wirtschaftskrise verteuerten sich in den vergangenen sechs Monaten die Büroflächen um 2,4 Prozent .
Im Immo-Monitoring wird das mit qualitativen Veränderungen des Angebots begründet .
So würden günstige Flächen an zweitklassigen Lagen nicht mehr aktiv angeboten - und werden von der Statistik nicht erfasst .
In den kommenden Monaten stagnieren die Preise für Büroflächen oder sie fallen sogar leicht .
Deutlich dürfte die Korrektur in den Regionen Zürich und Genf ausfallen , die in der Vergangenheit auch besonders zugelegt hatten .
In Genf stiegen die Angebotspreise in den vergangenen zehn Jahren um nicht weniger als 78 Prozent .
SDA / sam
There was a guest piece in the Times business section years ago , and it was about the ethical problem presented by a CEO or manager who set unreasonable goals and said , " Do n't bother me with the details , just get it done . "
The author said that was an inherently immoral position , because it forced employees to either quit - or cut ethical corners in order to meet their numbers .
I also remember the piece concluded that the real ethical violation was that of the management who set the goals in the first place , without taking responsibility for the consequences that inevitably follow .
I 've never forgotten that .
It 's a handy rule of thumb , and I 've actually used that story to argue with managers about their decisions .
( Sometimes it even worked . )
What happened at the Massey mine in West Virginia is a textbook example of that kind of warped managerial thinking .
( Although they made noises about it after the mine explosion , the board of Massey Energy still has no problem with Don Blankenship . )
The NY Times today takes a look at two non-union mines ( I suppose to prove that you can be non-union , yet still observe safety standards ) .
It 's a good read , and I recommend that you check out the rest .
But this is the part that made my heart ache for those men :
Like so many other workers across the country , the day - shift miners at Upper Big Branch had an early - morning commute .
Every workday , a dozen or so piled into a covered vehicle called a mantrip and caught a half - hour doze as the car followed a track three to four miles into the side of a central Appalachian mountain .
The car would come to a stop in a world where the ceiling was less than seven feet high , the floor puddled with water , and the air cool , breezy and faintly musty .
As loud fans helped to move the air , the mining machine would grind back and forth about 1,000 feet across the wall , slicing coal to be carried away by conveyor belt .
Down there , fresh air could not be taken for granted .
Well before this month ’s fatal explosion at Upper Big Branch , the country ’s worst mine disaster in 40 years , the lack of proper ventilation had been a continuing concern among its miners .
The fear of methane building while oxygen dropped preyed on their minds .
“ I have had guys come to me and cry , ” said the veteran foreman .
“ Grown men cried — because they are scared . ”
But workers in the mine said they did not dare question the company ’s safety practices , even when asked to perform a dubious task .
“ It was all about production , ” said Andrew Tyler , 22 , an electrician who two years ago worked as a subcontractor on the wiring for the coal conveyer belt and other equipment at Upper Big Branch .
“ If you worked for them , you did n’t ask questions about whether some step like running a cable around the breaker was a smart idea .
You just did it . ”
The foreman said that everyone agreed that an obvious culprit for some of the compromised air was what they called the “ glory hole , ” an old mining term for the chimneylike storage shaft deep within the mountain , a few hundred feet long and about 20 feet wide , that connected Upper Big Branch to a few mines above .
In years past , coal from these upper mines was dumped down the shaft to Upper Big Branch , then taken out by conveyor belt .
But after the shaft stopped being used , the foreman said , a proper seal between floors was never installed .
“ They just dumped trash in there , ” he said .
“ Any kind of trash they could get , buckets , you name it . ”
The foreman said that methane was being sucked down through the shaft into the active mine , to the point that methane readings in the area often measured at twice the allowable level .
About two months ago , he said , a young , fit contractor climbed a ladder on the outside of the coal shaft to retrieve a monitor .
A few steps up , though , the man passed out — apparently from the high methane levels — and had to be dragged to safety .
The incident was kept quiet , the foreman said , and never reported to state and federal regulators .
All over America , now more than ever , people are going to work to support their families , thankful that they still have a job and worried about losing it .
I guarantee you that thousands of unethical managers and owners across this country are taking advantage of this recession by cutting safety corners and employing fewer people than is safe .
Like that oil rig that just burned .
I 'm guessing it was n't a bolt of lightning that caused that disaster .
I 'll bet you dollars to doughnuts it 's about what 's destroying this country : plain old greed .
Poverty in Canada
In 2008 , the rate of poverty in Canada was one of the highest among wealthy industrialised nations , according to a report published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) .
In 2011 , OECD ranked Canada 21st out of all 27 member states for poverty level .
At a Glance
It is believed that at around 1 in every 7 Canadians , which amounts about 4.8 million people , currently live in conditions of poverty , according to Canada Without Poverty , a not - for - profit anti-poverty advocacy organization .
Another Canadian non-partisan advocacy group , Campaign 2000 , reported in 2013 that nearly 1 in 5 Canadian children live in poverty .
Due to the high number of children living in poverty , UNICEF has ranked Canada at 17th out of the 29 wealthy countries .
Canada has no official definition for poverty and thus no official statistical measurements of poverty .
However , researchers use relative poverty data , such as low income statistics published by the Canadian government , to determine the poverty rates in the country .
Throughout history , Canada has experienced several economic upturns and downturns , and with it spikes and decreases in overall poverty .
Following the Great Depression in Canada , and as the country grew economically , welfare support programs have sought to reach Canadians in need .
Canada currently has no official poverty reduction program .
Figures
Because the government of Canada does not measure poverty , researchers and activists use other measurements that indicate poverty , such as low income statistics , to gain an understanding of average rates of poverty in Canada .
The Government of Canada , however , does not consider being ' low income ' the same as being ' poor . '
According to public access data published by Statistics Canada , in 2011 , 12.9 percent of the population ( before tax ) were in the low income category .
The same year , 13.3 percent of the population under the age of 18 were low income .
Other than low income statistics , poverty in Canada can also be determined by the market basket measures ( MBM ) calculated by the Human Resources and Skills Development Canada .
The MBM estimates how accessible goods and services are to segments of the population based on disposable income .
Direct poverty statistics in Canada are published by anti-poverty advocacy groups .
One such group , Canada Without Poverty , estimates that 1 in 7 Canadians live in poverty .
The group emphasized that socially marginalised groups , such as single mothers , aboriginal groups , people with disabilities , the elderly and racial minorities are more susceptible to poverty .
For example , a person with a disability is twice as likely as an individual without a disability to be poor .
Definitions and Implications of Poverty
According to the World Bank , poverty ' includes low incomes and the inability to acquire the basic goods and services necessary for survival with dignity ' .
The United Nations defines poverty as a ' violation of human dignity ' that hinders a person 's ' basic capacity to participate effectively in society . '
Poverty has no single cause .
A variety of issues can cause poverty among segments of a population , such as economic downturns , war , climate conditions such as droughts that destroy agricultural crops , social discrimination that bars access to basic necessities , and fatal epidemics like AIDS .
Poverty is a multidimensional issue .
Being poor does not only mean a lack of access to necessities such as food , safe drinking water , shelter and clothing .
People who are poor also have inadequate access to healthcare , education , security , sanitation and political power .
The poor are more susceptible to community violence and human rights violations .
Due to lack of access to credit , the poor are likely to incur high - interest debts , such as payday loans , which results in endless cycles of borrowing and being victimized by loan sharks .
Poverty Reduction
Poverty significantly strains a country 's resources .
For example , the Ontario Association of Food Banks once estimated that poverty levels in the province cost the government between 5.5 to 6.6 percent of the GDP .
Alleviation of poverty levels , therefore , unburdens economic growth and fosters personal wellbeing .
Many anti-poverty advocates in Canada have urged the federal government to take comprehensive steps towards alleviating provincial poverty levels , especially child poverty .
Poverty alleviation is beneficial for all levels of society .
For example , the Public Health Agency of Canada in 2008 reported that a dollar invested in a poor young child 's life can save up to 9 dollars of government spending on health and criminal justice in the future .
Additional Reading :
https://www.lifeoncredit.ca/
https://www.lifeoncredit.ca/top-5-student-credit-cards-for-young-canadians/
https://www.lifeoncredit.ca/top-6-secured-credit-cards-for-canadians/
Open Data Initiative of the Canadian Government
The Open Data Initiative is a government program in Canada that seeks to make public information and data more accessible to citizens with the intention of making actions of elected officials transparent to taxpayers .
The Open Data Initiative is a part of Canada 's push for open government .
Canadian citizens can access and view released datasets on the official website ( open.canada.ca ) in either English or French .
Background
Canada is a nation committed to the doctrine of open government , which states that a government should be transparent and open to public scrutiny , as opposed to one that is committed to state secrecy .
The origins of the ideology behind this doctrine go back the era of Enlightenment , when many governments were absolutist monarchies .
The doctrine of open government encapsulates principals that are widely considered hallmarks of a democratic system , such as freedom of information , freedom of press and government accountability .
Canada actively promotes open government initiatives domestically as well as internationally .
Canada is a member of the Open Government Partnership , a multinational effort to promote governments to be more open and accountable .
Canada has also expressed commitment to government transparency and freedom of information as a member of the G7 .
Formation of the Open Data Initiative
The Open Data Initiative is a result of Canada 's Open Government Partnership and the Open Data Charter , which the country adopted at the G8 summit in June , 2013 .
As a result , Canada developed a 12 - step national action plan in October 30 , 2014 , to ' advance transparency , accountability , and citizen engagement ' by implementing the principles of the Open Data Charter .
The Open Data Charter has 5 principles : publishing government data while safeguarding privacy , releasing quality open data in a timely manner , making data easy to use and accessible , being transparent about data collection and publication , and using open data for citizen empowerment .
Canada 's Open Data Initiative seeks to meet these five principles .
Canada first launched the Open Data Initiative web portal in 2011 .
The website was updated in 2013 , and improved in 2014 to meet the new open data commitments as stipulated in Canada 's Second Action Plan on Open Government .
The political aspects of the Open Data Initiative are overseen by the president of Canada 's Treasury Board .
Government Data Available for Public Access
The data available on the Open Data Initiative includes tender notices , population statistics , consumption ratings , government contracts , immigration statistics , government financial performance information and pension statistics , among many others .
Data from the following government agencies are currently available for download from open.canada.ca :
Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development Canada
Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada
Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency
Canada Border Services Agency
Canada Council for the Arts
Canada Economic Development for Quebec Regions
Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation
Canada Revenue Agency
Canada Science and Technology Museums Corporation
Canadian Heritage
Canadian Institute for Health Information
Canadian Radio- television and Telecommunications Commission
Canadian Space Agency
Citizenship and Immigration Canada
Correctional Service of Canada
Defence Research and Development Canada
Department of Finance Canada
Department of Justice Canada
Elections Canada
Employment and Social Development Canada
Environment Canada
Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada
Fisheries and Oceans Canada
Foreign Affairs , Trade and Development Canada
Health Canada
Industry Canada
Infrastructure Canada
International Development Research Centre
Library and Archives Canada
Library of Parliament
National Defence
Natural Resources Canada
Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada
Office of the Commissioner of Lobbying of Canada
Parks Canada
Public Health Agency of Canada
Public Safety Canada
Public Works and Government Services Canada
Shared Services Canada
Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada
Statistics Canada
Transport Canada
Transportation Safety Board of Canada
Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat
Veterans Affairs Canada
Western Economic Diversification Canada
Access to Open Data
To make datasets available on open.canada.ca easy to access , reliable and comprehensible to the public , Canada has encouraged the development of mobile apps and user - friendly Application Programming Interfaces ( APIs ) .
APIs are mostly used by developers , while the general public mainly accesses datasets on apps .
Apps are developed by third parties , not the government of Canada , and are available on the web , iOS , Android and Blackberry platforms .
An example of a web - based app is Border Wait Times , developed based on data released by the Canada Border Services Agency .
Users of this app can estimate how long travellers can expect to wait at Canadian land border crossings .
Examples of mobile apps include Learn to Camp , which shows camping sites based on information from Parks Canada , and PTSD Coach Canada , which helps sufferers manage symptoms and seek help based on data from Veterans Affairs Canada .
All web and mobile apps for Open Data Initiative can be viewed at open.canada.ca/en/apps .
" Planet or death ! " chanted Bolivia 's leftwing president , Evo Morales , to a crowd of 20,000 people .
" We will be victorious ! " the crowds answered back , waving rainbow - coloured , chequered Andean indigenous flags .
Morales was officially inaugurating the first international " people 's conference " on climate change – the grassroots alternative to last year 's failed United Nations talks in Copenhagen .
The meeting in the city of Cochabamba has attracted people from more than 125 countries , although many delegates from Africa , Europe and India were unable to come because of the travel chaos caused by the Icelandic volcano .
The meeting has no direct bearing on the UN climate talks , which continue this year , but is billed as a venue for the grassroots movements to put pressure on governments to act on climate change .
" The positive thing here is that people have a space .
Until now , the voice , the lead , was always given to governments .
And now it is the turn of the people because the governments , particularly some governments from developed countries , did not understand that we are on the verge of a catastrophe and they are not assuming responsibility , " said Juan Pablo Ramos , Bolivia 's deputy environment minister .
His president will have raised some eyebrows though with bizarre comments in his opening address that baldness is the consequence of genetically modified chickens and potatoes and that Coca - Cola is " poison and sewage water " .
Bolivia 's first indigenous president , a former llama herder and coca grower , added : " Either capitalism dies , or it will be Mother Earth . "
Later this week , Morales and other Latin American leaders are expected to call for the establishment an international climate court , demanding compensation from rich countries to assist poor nations , and urging countries to open their borders to future waves of climate refugees .
" We are not part of the problem , we are part of the solution , we the indigenous peoples , the peasant communities , so let us offer you the solution because we are the ones suffering , " said Justo Cruz , an Aymara indigenous leader .
" Ordinary people are never allowed to talk , [ yet ] we are the ones paying the price for what the rich are doing to our planet , to our Mother Earth . "
The UN , which organised the Copenhagen talks is not popular here .
The UN representative in Bolivia struggled to make her voice heard over a chorus of booing and during a presentation , the former president of the general assembly , Nicaraguan Catholic priest Miguel D'Escoto , declared that the " fraud , lie and dictatorship " that is the UN should be " re-invented " .
" It is not that it was n't important what governments were discussing in Copenhagen but the problem is that it was discussed from a corporate perspective and here we are discussing it from an indigenous perspective we have a great deal of respect for Mother Earth , we have a direct accountability to her , something that developed nations seem not to have " , says Vanessa Inarunekia , a Taino indigenous woman from Puerto Rico .
" Human beings cannot survive without Mother Earth ; Mother Earth can survive without us , " she said .
Domingo Lechon , climate justice co-ordinator from Friends of the Earth Mexico , said : " Cochabamba represents a unique opportunity for popular demands to be adopted by governments .
We will use this new people 's agenda as a rallying call to mobilise movements of affected peoples , indigenous peoples , peasant farmers , trade unions and women to dismantle corporate power and force our governments into action . "
For decades they have been deafened by the roar of low - flying aircraft whizzing in and out of neighbouring Heathrow .
But yesterday , for the first time in 25 years , residents of Hatton , a suburb in south - west London , woke up to the glorious sound of silence .
" It 's a historic moment , " grinned data manager Peter Smith , 42 , as he relaxed in the beer garden of his local pub , the Green King .
" This is the first time I 've been able to sit here and have a quiet drink outside in the afternoon . "
His colleague John Marshall , 48 , agreed : " Normally it 's not a very pleasant place to be .
The beer usually shakes .
But today it 's actually quite relaxing . "
On average , 1,300 planes fly in and out of Heathrow 's five terminals every day – a flight every one or two minutes .
At the Green King , which is directly under several flight paths , this made for stilted banter .
Vanessa Bradley , 37 , a financial adviser sitting at a neighbouring table , explained : " You 'd have to pause your conversation for about 10 seconds every minute or two .
Or you had to learn to lipread really , really well .
Now we can actually hear what everyone 's saying . "
Bradley herself was celebrating with brio .
" I love it ! " she exclaimed , as she punched the air with both fists .
" It 's just so peaceful .
When I got home from work yesterday , I could just sit in my garden and enjoy a bit of quiet for once . "
Meanwhile , up the road at St George 's church in Hanworth , a clergyman was also smiling .
" It 's a temporary relief because whenever we have low - flying planes , " said Father Paul Williamson , 61 , " I get really worried about our medieval stained glass windows getting damaged by the sonic waves .
The reverberations are usually a serious problem . "
The flight situation has also had unexpected spiritual benefits .
" Though you should always be able to pray at any time , " Father Williamson said , " prayer is always better without all the noise . "
Even the footballers at the local club , Bedfont FC , are pleased .
Grant Mullins , 27 , the club 's steward , noted : " When a plane 's flying over the pitch , you usually can't hear much .
But the players will have heard the ref's whistle a lot better in the match last night . "
Indeed , Bedfont went on to thrash league rivals Horley Town 4 - 1 .
Back at the Green King , however , not everyone was happy .
Clare Applegarth , 38 , a colleague of Bradley 's , was shaking her head at the day 's events .
" To be honest , I miss the planes .
It was always quite exciting when they came over .
And when you 're working , you get so used to them that they do n't cause a problem . "
Lewis Smith , 25 , was similarly unimpressed .
" My aunt was supposed to be flying out yesterday , " he explained , frowning .
" She had one flight cancelled then , and another cancelled today .
It 's an absolute nightmare . "
But Farzana Rafique , 43 , a childminder , summed up the overall mood of the town as she returned home from Hatton Cross tube .
" It 's just been a relief .
Everyone usually gets a bit irritated by the noise , but I 've noticed that people have been a bit calmer today .
It 's made a difference to me , at least . "
On the outskirts of Heathrow there is a multistorey warehouse that plays a remarkable role in the eating habits of millions of people .
The British Airways perishables handling centre is the arrival point for 90,000 tonnes of airfreighted fresh produce a year : everything from chopped melon and pineapple fruit salads to baby sweetcorn and asparagus .
Every day these once exotic items arrive in the belly of passenger jets from Africa and Asia , destined for the chilled aisles of supermarkets such as Marks & Spencer .
Only not at the moment .
With almost all air travel grounded due to volcanic ash , the freight operator that runs the perishables centre today declared things " at a standstill " .
By definition , these perishable imports do not store well , and Waitrose is already warning of potential shortages .
Rather than weigh down the aircraft with unnecessary skin and pips , much of the fruit is pre-sliced in African facilities , making retailers even less able to create contingency buffers .
Our desire for all - year - round oral gratification has left us perilously dependent on just - in - time supply chains in the stratosphere .
But fruit and veg is only one aspect of our dependence on air travel revealed by this week 's surprise volcanic disruption .
Courier companies such as FedEx and DHL have had to shut down their services , disrupting delicate logistic chains across industry .
As anyone who has ordered an iPod from Apple knows , it is possible to track in real time the flow of high - value electronics flown across the world by these companies .
Or at least , it is normally .
Iceland 's revenge on the world economy has given us a glimpse of a world without air travel .
We are used to images of stranded passengers – marooned by terrorism , industrial action or perhaps just our overcrowded and underinvested aviation industry .
But it is very rare for the skies to be scoured so comprehensively as this .
As many people observed yesterday , the sight of clear blue skies without a contrail to be seen was strangely uplifting .
But it also had a post - apocalyptic feel about it , more reminiscent of a Hollywood disaster movie than environmental utopia .
The short - term economic cost is likely to be minimal .
Airlines will lose a few tens of millions of pounds each from the disruption – hardly ideal at a time of big losses and falling passenger numbers , but probably not catastrophic in the long term .
The larger numbers bandied about by so - called experts about the cost to the economy at large should be taken with a pinch of salt .
Not only is it impossible to quantify disruption on such a diverse scale , but much economic activity is merely postponed by such events rather than eliminated entirely .
More important is the psychological impact of such events .
The terrorist attacks of 11 September forced many companies to re-examine the resilience of their supply chains – but that was nearly a decade ago now , and the continued march of globalisation will have left many of them vulnerable .
Climate change should force business to think more about the alternatives , but it rarely does .
Greens should also celebrate this timely reminder of what the world might look like when the oil runs out .
Sadly , if the stratosphere clears over Britain tomorrow , we will probably have forgotten all this by next weekend when we start booking our summer holidays or planning the fruit salad for that spring picnic .
But just imagine what Europe might look like in six months time , or six years time , if the volcano were to continue belching out ash on a scale that made air travel permanently unviable .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Hundreds of people have left their homes in south - western Iceland because of fears of a volcanic eruption under the Eyjafjallajokull glacier .
Several earthquakes have been registered in the area and geologists are warning of destructive floods .
The volcano under the glacier last erupted March 20 after almost 200 years of silence .
Imtiaz Tyab reports .
Detroit has hit the end of the line .
It 's budget deficit is between $ 446 million and $ 466 million ( 28 % to 29 % ) of $ 1.6 billion with few ways other than drastic cuts in wages and benefits to address the problem .
If unions will not give in ( and they wo n't ) , Detroit Faces Bankruptcy .
Mayor Dave Bing and the City Council must reduce the size of government and slash the city 's budget deficit to stave off bankruptcy or state receivership , according to a report released Monday .
Without draconian cuts and changes aimed at downsizing government , the city could end up with a " possible " general fund deficit between $ 446 million and $ 466 million to its $ 1.6 billion budget .
" Detroit city government must be restructured , " according to the report from the Citizens Research Council of Michigan , a nonprofit that has studied Detroit finances for decades .
" The new structure must reflect both the reduced tax base and the limited ability of state government to provide shared revenues . "
The report , titled " The Fiscal Condition of the City of Detroit , " was prepared at the request of Business Leaders for Michigan , a statewide coalition .
The 60 - plus page report outlines much of what officials know :
The city 's dramatic population loss , high unemployment and other ills have had adverse effects on the city .
And now government must respond in a dramatic way to downsize and make sound budget choices , the report argues .
The Fiscal Condition of the City of Detroit
The Economic Base
The deterioration of the economic base of the city has accelerated .
There were an estimated 81,754 vacant housing units ( 22.2 percent of the total ) in Detroit before the recession ; that number increased to an estimated 101,737 ( 27.8 percent of the total ) in 2008 .
The average price of a residential unit sold in the January through November , 2009 period was $ 12,439 , down from $ 97,847 in 2003 .
Remaining businesses and individuals are challenging property tax assessments on parcels that have lost value and , in some cases , cannot be sold at any price .
More than half of employed city residents work outside the city limits ; the metro area has the highest unemployment rate of the 100 major metro areas in the U.S .
Revenues
All major tax revenues will be below budgeted levels , significantly so in some cases .
State revenue sharing was budgeted at an amount equal to the prior year budget , but state budget problems will result in reductions that could add $ 40 million or more to the projected deficit .
The city budgeted $ 275 million as revenue from the monetization of assets .
Although there is precedent for the sale of future revenue streams in other cities and states ( Chicago leased the Chicago Skyway Toll Road and parking meters , and tried but failed to lease Midway Airport ) , it is highly unlikely that Detroit can sell future revenues from the parking and lighting departments .
Expenses
The Potential Deficit
The city could well end the year with an accumulated deficit that is over a quarter of the total $ 1.6 billion general fund :
$ 280 million - Budgeted prior years accumulated deficit
$ 46 million - Estimated increase in prior years accumulated deficit
$ 80 - $ 100 million - Estimated current year general fund operating deficit
$ 40 million - Potential state revenue sharing shortfall
The possible general fund deficit is $ 446 -$ 466 million .
Personnel costs are 50.1 percent of all general fund appropriations .
The plan for reducing expenditures includes a ten percent wage cut and layoffs .
If laid off employees earn salaries in the $ 30,000 to $ 50,000 range and if civilian pension and fringe benefit costs are 65 percent of salaries , about $ 66,000 , less unemployment benefits , could be saved per laid off employee in the first full year .
One thousand layoffs would therefore produce a savings of $ 66 million , less unemployment benefits , in the first full year of the layoff .
Potential Solutions
Clearly , the city government cannot afford to remain at its present size .
There are four ways the government can downsize :
• The elected mayor and city council can develop and implement required changes .
• The mayor and city council can implement changes specified in a consent greement
reached with a review team appointed by state officials under the Local Government Fiscal Responsibility Act
• An emergency financial manager appointed under the Local Government Fiscal Responsibility
Act can negate the authority of the mayor and city council , can implement changes , and can renegotiate ( but not abrogate ) contracts .
• If an emergency financial manager recommends , and the state approves , reorganization and restructuring can occur under protection of bankruptcy , which does allow contracts to be abrogated .
No Michigan municipality has ever filed under federal bankruptcy laws .
In order to address what could be an accumulated general fund deficit exceeding $ 400 million , Detroit city government must be restructured .
The new structure must reflect both the reduced tax base and the limited ability of state government to provide shared revenues .
Restructuring will necessitate process improvements , load shifting , load shedding , privatizing , concentrating service delivery on an area
smaller than 138 square miles , and other strategies .
The most recent Crisis Turnaround Team has recommended closing facilities , privatizing services , improving and centralizing processes , renegotiating contracts , improving debt collection , restructuring debt , and other actions .
It remains to be seen whether the city ’s elected officials will be able to implement these recommendations .
Pensions
While the most recent published actuarial valuations for the city ’s pension systems indicate that there were no unfunded accrued liabilities , all public and private
pension systems have suffered the effects of stock market and real estate market volatility over the past two years .
The Auditor General ’s analysis notes that the budget includes a third excess funding
credit of $ 25 million used to reduce the required contribution to the Police and Fire Retirement System , and that no provision has been made for the cost of implementing the defined contribution plan , estimated to exceed $ 20 million .
Detroit has an unconditional contractual obligation to make debt service payments on the pension obligation certificates .
Failure to make payments when due allows the contract administrator to file a lawsuit to force payment .
A court judgment could require the city to raise the payment through an unlimited tax levy , for which voter approval is not required by Michigan law .
Privatization
The 1997 Detroit City Charter created new provisions ostensibly authorizing the city to privatize city services .
The process created in Section 6.307 of the Detroit City Charter , for the most part , laid out best practices for a meaningful examination of the costs and benefits of privatizing services .
However , interwoven in that section is language that does more to hinder privatization than to facilitate it .
The most glaring hindrance is created in subsection 7 requiring a super - majority ( 2/3 ) vote by city council to approve the privatization of any city services .
Summary
Detroit city government must be restructured ; the organization chart must be more compact .
This will require strong leadership and clear lines of authority .
The new structure must reflect both the reduced tax base and the limited ability of state government to provide shared revenues .
Restructuring will necessitate process improvements , load shifting , load shedding , privatizing , concentrating service delivery on an area smaller than 138 square miles , and other strategies .
The most recent “ crisis turnaround team ” has recommended closing facilities , privatizing services , improving and centralizing processes , renegotiating contracts , improving debt collection , restructuring debt , and other actions .
It remains to be seen whether the city ’s elected officials will be able to implement these recommendations .
Detroit Should Embrace Bankruptcy
Before I begin , I ’d like to share a brief quote from an article by the Keene Sentinel ’s Phil Bantz :
“ At least 95 percent of all cases are settled by plea negotiations , ” Keene defense lawyer Paul G. Schweizer said .
“ Plea bargains are absolutely essential to the judicial system . ”
Without plea deals , the courts , jails and prisons would become clogged with defendants and inmates .
“ As a practical matter , we would have to build 10 new courthouses in Keene if we took everyone to trial , ” he said .
“ We would have to hire five times as many police officers and prosecutors .
The judicial system would come to a screeching halt . ”
Please take a moment and think about that quote .
It reveals an Achilles ’s heel of the state .
Their system is counting on you to go with the flow .
“ Just take the plea , pay up , and we ’ll make this go away . ” , say the government aggressors .
Naturally , people eagerly take the “ deal ” .
I ca n’t blame anyone for wanting to minimize the harm that the state is inflicting upon them and their loved ones .
However , I ’d like to encourage them take a longer view .
The state agents distract their victims with what appears in the moment to be relief from their violent extortion , so the victims , in a rush to end the violence , actually extend it and contribute to its worsening .
It is precisely this process of going along to get along , ponying up , bending over , and obeying that has gotten us where we are .
We have strangers telling us every little detail of what we can and ca n’t do with our lives , regardless of whether anyone is hurt from our choices .
They wo n’t ever stop , either , until YOU stop obeying , at least a little bit .
There ’s no need to go full - on 100 % noncooperation .
A lot of people each doing a little noncooperation can make for dramatic change .
Without noncooperation , we know the drill .
The system , every year brings new statutes and regulations .
More police .
More bureaucrats .
More CONTROL .
Every two or four years , the same excuses are trotted out .
“ It was the red / blue team !
Vote for OUR team for real change ! ”
Every two to four years , frustrated people choose the alleged lesser evil in the hopes that something good will come out of it .
All the while , none of us are getting any younger , or freer .
There is an answer , but few wish to hear it .
Still fewer wish to implement it .
Mass noncooperation and civil disobedience .
The lawyer quoted in the beginning of this piece made it clear .
A small percentage of people taking cases to trial , even parking tickets , will back the courts up significantly .
Recent news stories reveal the courts here in New Hampshire are already so backed up that they have to take unpaid furlough days !
They are literally teetering on the precipice and could easily lessen their caseload yet they continue to aggress against peaceful people .
They do n’t know how to do things any differently .
Justice is not their primary task – instead it is feeding off the lifeblood of the productive class .
Every person busted for possession , speeding , parking , open container , bicycling on the sidewalk , and the myriad of other non-crimes are having the product of their labor extorted by this inhumane system as they obediently slave away to pay the state ’s arbitrary fines .
What if 10 - 15 % of people abused by the state decided to stop going along to get along when it came to their dealings with the government people ?
Heck , what if only 5 % stopped cooperating with the aggressors ?
The court would load up with cases and the bureaucrats would actually have to work more than they ever have .
It ’s not likely they ’d stop ticketing people , certainly not initially , but it seems likely they ’d eventually drop the charges of people who decided to go to trial , presuming there were enough of them .
Word would spread to the other victims of the state ’s aggression , and soon only the most ignorant and obedient subjects would continue to lick the boot of their masters .
Indeed , the more people doing disobedience and noncooperation , even a little bit , the more will be encouraged to join in .
Of course , this is the trick , because there is clear risk involved , and people are trained to be risk - averse , it can be very challenging finding people to do this necessary work .
It ’s necessary , because begging for freedom is not going to achieve it , and it never has .
Working in the system pits your hopes and money into a system controlled by the people calling themselves “ the state ” .
No wonder politics has never resulted in the rolling back of the government .
You may say , “ That ’s fine , but I ca n’t afford to go to jail .
I might lose my job , and my family depends on me . ”
Fair enough .
While I might like to see a world where companies give people a break for heroically going to jail , jail is not a requirement of civil disobedience and noncooperation .
It ’s enough on your part to JUST TAKE IT TO TRIAL .
Whatever “ it ” is .
Taking their plea “ deal ” is just giving them a break .
Take it to trial .
If you lose , and you probably will , then you can likely take the community service option , or offer to pay any levied fines to a favorite local charity ( If the robed people wo n’t accept this offer , they will look quite nasty .
So far it has been accepted whenever offered . )
Those are two options you have besides jail that in no way enrich the coffers of the state and only add costs to their enforcement process .
Still you may fear they wo n’t give you those options , and I suppose there ’s always that chance , however slim .
Like I said , risk is involved , but significant things in life do not come without risk .
Despite my attempts at persuasion , if you still can’t even bring yourself to little noncooperations like refusing the census outright , then instead how about giving to a fund that gives support or even money to the people with the courage to make a stand ?
I bet noncooperation and disobedience would be lots more likely if the victims of government aggression actually got paid in the end .
Arrested or ticketed for some non-crime ?
Refuse to plea , take it to trial , refuse to pay the state , and not only do you get a lawyer paid for , but you also get a check when it ’s over !
How great would that be ?
If that would n’t encourage noncooperation , I do n’t know what would !
Or , if you are put in jail , imagine if the rent was paid and your family and pets are taken care of while you are in the local jail ( or “ spiritual retreat ” , as some have taken to calling it ) .
Eventually , these ideas could become a reality with enough people contributing to the CDEvolution fund .
Remember , without your obedience the state has nothing left in their corner .
One might protest that claim by pointing at the weapons of the state agents and their apparent willingness to use them .
However , what good are their guns if they actually have to shoot lots of peaceful people ?
Who will they extract money and obedience from if they slaughter their “ subjects ” ?
( That ’s their term for you by the way – just listen to a police scanner .
“ Citizen ” is just a cover word to make you think something more high - minded is going on . )
Disobedience and noncooperation work , but they are pretty useless if you are alone .
In that case you really will be cut down by the aggressors .
Disobedience is most powerful in tandem with others .
That has been proven in the past with other movements , and has been proven again recently in Keene with the 420 celebrations .
Dozens of people acting free and weathering a handful of arrests have created a cannabis freedom zone every day at 4:20 in Central Square !
It ’s been a tremendous success , with 0 dollars spent in - the - system , and countless dollars given in free publicity by various media !
Civil disobedience and noncooperation strike at the root of statism .
Is there room for politics ?
Sure there is .
Can anyone argue politics as more effective toward liberty , per dollar spent , than noncooperation and disobedience ?
I do n’t think so .
Time will bear this out , especially as more concentrate in NH and join the proud ranks of the disobedient and noncooperative .
If you are n’t in New Hampshire around hundreds of other liberty - minded activists ( and soon thousands ) , what hope have you of really affecting change toward a voluntary society ?
If you love liberty , join the Free State Project ( it ’s free , of course ) , come on up and bring your activism and ideas here where we can actually make a difference , together !
Here are 111+ reasons to move to Keene , New Hampshire ’s Liberty Activism Destination !
Thanks for reading !
BRUSSELS – Equipment designed for torturing prisoners is still being exported from European Union ( EU ) countries despite a four - year - old ban on such trade , according to a new report by Amnesty International .
The human rights group has found that companies active in several of the EU ’s 27 states have exploited loopholes in controls aimed at putting an end to the selling of instruments of torture .
The EU rules – in force since 2006 – need to be widened to cover a number of devices that remain outside their scope , Amnesty has argued .
It highlights how Nidec , a company trading from Spain , has been dealing in ‘ stun cuffs ’ in the past few years .
Intended for restraining a detainee by placing them around his or her limbs , such cuffs inflict a painful electric shock .
Unlike similar " stun belts " , the cuffs are not explicitly banned by the EU ’s rules .
Brussels officials say that the new report should trigger a discussion about how the rules can be strengthened .
One source , speaking on condition of anonymity , explained that no action has been taken to date because a newly appointed European Commission , the EU ’s executive arm , only assumed office in February .
" For the time being , everything is rather open , " the source told IPS .
" This is not because we like loopholes , it is quite simply because a new team has been getting started . "
But Amnesty ’s specialist on the EU ’s foreign policy David Nichols described those comments as " a convenient excuse for inaction . "
He said that human rights groups had brought the flaws in the EU ’s rules to the Commission ’s attention long before now and that its staff had ample power to rectify the situation .
Furthermore , the report finds that national authorities in some European countries are continuing to issue export licenses for torture equipment .
Both Germany and the Czech Republic approved exports to nine countries – including Georgia , Pakistan , India and China – where the security forces had previously used the equipment concerned for torture between 2006 and 2009 .
Among the equipment were chemical sprays , shackles and electric shock weapons .
The Amnesty study also finds that EU governments are not being sufficiently transparent about how they are implementing the rules .
While each government is required to produce an annual report giving details of applications from traders to sell torture equipment , just seven have done so until now .
These are Bulgaria , the Czech Republic , Germany , Lithuania , Slovenia , Britain and Spain .
Brian Wood , another Amnesty campaigner , said : " We fear that some states are not taking their legal obligations seriously . "
As part of the ‘ war on terror ’ declared following the Sep. 2001 attacks on New York and Washington , the U.S. has used leg irons and leg cuffs on prisoners held in Afghanistan and Cuba ’s Guantanamo Bay .
One of these detainees Abu Zubaydah has told the International Committee of the Red Cross of how these shackles pulled painfully on his ankles after his jailers repeatedly slammed him against a wall .
While Spain and Britain have banned the exports of leg irons , leg cuff and gang chains , companies based in other EU member states appear to have been selling some of these instruments .
During the 2008 Eurosatory , an annual arms fair held in Paris , the French firm Rivolier exhibited such cuffs on its promotional stand .
The EU ’s rules stipulate that cuffs of this nature should be controlled but nonetheless allowed to be sold in certain cases .
According to Amnesty , these rules should be revised so that the trade in any leg restraints deliberately designed to cause discomfort is banned .
Michael Crowley from the Omega Foundation , which conducts research on human rights issues , noted that all of the EU ’s countries are nominally opposed to torture .
" As part of their commitments to combat torture wherever it occurs , member states must now turn their words into deeds , " he said .
" They must impose truly effective controls on the European trade in policing and security equipment and ensure that such goods do not become part of the torturer ’s toolkit . "
The Amnesty report also says that some EU member states are themselves using devices which are meant to cause pain to prisoners .
In the Czech Republic , restraints have been used to chain detainees to a wall or a fixed object , even though the Council of Europe , an intergovernmental body dedicated to upholding human rights , has deemed the practice as " totally unacceptable " .
Eltraf Bis , a Polish company , has also been found to have sold handcuffs intended to be connected to walls .
Amnesty argues that such devices can be clearly distinguished from devices required to restrain hospital patients in some cases of medical necessity and that they should be prohibited .
( Inter Press Service )
Low Income / Simple Living as War Tax Resistance
PDF Version
There are many methods of war tax resistance .
Each accomplishes a different set of goals and involves a different level of personal risk .
This pamphlet explores ways to eliminate your U.S. federal income tax by keeping income low and by using legal tax - reducing measures .
It shows you how to find your “ tax line ” — the level below which you will have no federal income tax at all .
It also describes some benefits and challenges of low - income tax resistance , and shows how you can reduce or eliminate other tax payments in similar ways .
This is the 5th in a series of Practical War Tax Resistance pamphlets produced by the National War Tax Resistance Coordinating Committee ( NWTRCC ) .
You can find a listing of other NWTRCC publications at the end of this pamphlet along with a resource list for further reading on the art of simple living .
Why Live on a Low Income ?
“ Frugality , my Dear , Frugality , Œconomy , Parcimony must be our Refuge .
I hope the Ladies are every day diminishing their ornaments , and the Gentlemen too .
Let us Eat Potatoes and drink Water .
Let us wear Canvass , and undressed Sheepskins , rather than submit to the unrighteous , and ignominious Domination that is prepared for Us . ” — Letter from John Adams to Abigail Adams , 20 September 1774
By taking a stand that requires personal change and perhaps personal sacrifice , you demonstrate the depth of your commitment to a more just world .
Anyone can complain about the government and ask it to change , but it means much more to change your own life and put your money where your mouth is .
A life of conscious , conscientious simplicity is one way to do this .
Some resisters find that resisting the whole package of consumerism , over - consumption , and taxation appeals to them more than other tax resistance strategies .
Some discover that by living simply they live more satisfying and meaningful lives , and would choose to live this way even if it did n’t help them to resist taxes .
Some prefer this method of tax resistance because it can be accomplished within the law , which gives them less to worry about or demonstrates their eagerness to be law - abiding citizens without at the same time having to violate their consciences .
“ I think of this both as removing myself from any form of responsibility for what the current U.S. administration is doing , as well as a type of protest .
I do n’t have a practical view of this way of life having any significant effect on the federal government , because the vast majority of Americans will never be steered away from their highly - consumptive lifestyles .
But from a personal morality perspective , I gain a sense of ‘ centeredness ’ in knowing that this is another way in which my lifestyle and my values work together in harmony .
There are plenty of ways in which I ’m a total hypocrite , but this is n’t one of them . ” — Fred Ecks
The Seeds of War
By taking in less income you reduce your taxes and so also minimize your contribution to military spending .
By stepping out of the “ rat race , ” you may also help reduce the economic pressures and inequalities that ultimately lead to war , and you may become more aware of the relationship between the average standard of living in the United States and the use of American military might to protect “ our way of life ” and “ national interests . ”
If we were to look carefully at each purchase we make , through the phases of its production and distribution , might we find links to war ?
Who made the product , and under what conditions did they labor ?
What materials were used , and how were they obtained ?
John Woolman ’s counsel to his fellow Quakers from over 200 years ago remains relevant today :
Simple living can be part of a lifestyle of nonviolent resistance .
The more you examine your economic behavior , the more you learn of your entanglement with the military - industrial complex and of your power to disentangle yourself .
You can help nurture and sustain the “ solidarity economy , ” based on cooperation and sustainable choices rather than on consumerism , resource depletion , and exploitation .
By giving more of your energy to this economy , you live the revolution in values that is necessary for peace with justice .
Each economic choice you make can be a witness to your values .
Simple Living as a Path toward Equality and Solidarity
People who voluntarily reduce their incomes in order to live simply have a different experience from those who are involuntarily impoverished .
In our society millions face the economic hardships of underemployment , the anguish of homelessness , and the vulnerability of inadequate access to health care .
Globally the situation is even more dire :
About two and a half billion people live on less than $ 2 a day .
War tax resisters who share some of the risks and precarious circumstances with everyone who lives on a low income may become more convinced and convincing advocates for economic justice .
When personal experience informs our advocacy , alliances can emerge beyond barriers of class and circumstance .
By standing with those who lack the privileges of wealth , we stand against the inequality that violent systems require and perpetuate .
Living on Less Due to Forced Collections
Some war tax resisters do not choose the low - income lifestyle , but have it forced on them because the IRS levies their wages or seizes their bank accounts or property .
If you have a tax “ debt , ” the IRS may continue to try to collect this from you even if your current income is below a taxable threshold .
However if you can demonstrate sufficient hardship , the IRS may delay or suspend collection , and there is typically a small amount of yearly income and personal possessions that the IRS will not seize .
You may find the IRS booklet The IRS Collection Process ( Publication # 594 ) useful if you face collection .
NWTRCC ’s Practical Series Pamphlet # 3 : How to Resist Collection , or Make the Most of Collection when it Occurs is another helpful guide .
Pursuing Service , Advocacy , and Leisure
If you need less income you may gain more free time to pursue activities other than earning money .
You can devote some of this time to political activism or volunteer work , and can develop new skills and talents that can help critical community services and energize movements .
If you have a particular professional skill , you can reduce your income by offering your services at reduced rates to people who would ordinarily not be able to afford the kind of services you know how to provide .
In this way you can create links with those who live with few resources involuntarily , and you can be a model who challenges your professional colleagues to greater generosity .
If you work less for money and more for the joy of the labor , your work may become more meaningful and satisfying .
Investing your efforts in your community can strengthen relationships between neighbors and build trust .
This network of trust is a priceless currency in times of need .
You do not need to sacrifice cultural events to live on a reduced income .
Many of the organizations that provide such activities welcome volunteer help , such as ushering at the theater , helping with publicity , taking tickets before the show , cleaning up after the event , and so forth .
Tasks like these may earn you free admission to museums , theaters , and other community events .
Ecological Concerns
If you decrease your consumption of goods and services , this may also reduce your “ ecological footprint . ”
This reduces your contribution to the justifications for war , conserves resources , and helps to preserve the rich biodiversity of a healthy planet .
Choosing alternative forms of transportation — such as walking , biking , riding the bus , or carpooling — saves money , reduces pollution , provides physical exercise , and facilitates friendly interaction .
In addition , if you reduce or eliminate your use of motor vehicles and if you buy locally produced food and products , you reduce your reliance on fossil fuels and thereby reduce the amount of federal gasoline excise tax that the government collects from you .
This Method of Tax Resistance Is Not for Everyone
Some war tax resisters find that the simple living / low income method is not what they ’re looking for .
For example , anti-war organizer A.J. Muste wrote : “ Voluntarily keeping one ’s income down does not commend itself to me as a form of tax protest .
I do not see how one can in effect recognize that a government may determine one ’s standard of living or think that permitting the government to do so constitutes a significant protest against war taxation . ”
Also , because this method of war tax resistance can be accomplished legally , some people feel that it is not an adequate expression of protest .
Other people , for whatever reason , require too much income and so are unable or unwilling to practice war tax resistance in this way .
Fortunately , there are many varieties of war tax resistance , so that if one method is not right for you , there are others to choose from .
At What Level is Income Taxable ?
If you are considering resisting taxes by maintaining an income below the tax line , your first question is probably : “ Where is this tax line ? ”
The answer depends on many factors , such as your age , how many dependents you have , and what you do with your money .
The factor you have the most control over is what you do with your money .
You can make choices that allow you to double or triple the amount of income that you can bring in and remain below the tax line .
If you ignore those choices entirely , your tax line is the standard deduction for your filing status .
In 2019 , a single , non -blind person , under 65 with no dependents , has a standard deduction of $ 12,200 .
This means that such a person could earn up to $ 12,200 without having to pay any federal income tax — no question about it .
However , they could earn two or three times as much and not owe U.S. federal income tax if they were to take certain credits and deductions , such as those given for tax - advantaged retirement savings accounts and health savings accounts .
For example , the hypothetical person from the previous paragraph ( single , non- blind , under 65 , with no children ) could earn upwards of $ 28,000 and , by putting $ 6,000 of that into an IRA and $ 3,500 into a health savings account , would still be below the income tax line .
The standard deduction amount changes each year , and Congress is always changing the tax code to add , remove , or alter the available credits and deductions .
For this reason , a pamphlet like this one risks becoming out - of - date quickly if it is too specific .
For help in finding your own personal “ tax line ” for the current tax year :
check https://nwtrcc.org/ for updates
contact the NWTRCC office ,
office , consult a tax professional ,
contact the IRS directly at ( 800 ) 829‒1040 , or
directly at ( 800 ) 829‒1040 , or do research on the http://www.irs.gov/ site .
“ I did n’t realize just how high that threshold really is , and was pleasantly surprised when I did my taxes for last year and discovered that I was able to pay a total of zero income tax , both federal & state , for the whole year .
It was n’t something I did intentionally at first , but as events unfolded leading to war , it has become a stated goal of mine .
“ I did n’t have to lower my income .
I ’ve lived frugally for years , and it was n’t much of an adjustment to simply stop the paychecks .
My expenses have n’t changed much from when I made corporate wages to now .
In fact , my monthly budget has remained the same for over 6 years now .
Some things increase in price , and others decrease .
I ’m comfortable . ” — Fred Ecks
Many People Live under the Tax Line
You may be surprised to learn that more than a third of those people who file tax returns in the United States already live under the income tax line .
In 2015 , 51.4 million Americans filed tax returns showing that they owed no federal income tax all year — either they paid none at all to begin with , or they got back a refund for every cent they paid during the year .
The percentage of tax returns that show zero federal income tax liability has jumped in recent years ( data from the Tax Foundation and the IRS ) so that today more than a third of filers pay nothing in federal income tax :
Year Number of Zero-Tax Filers Zero-Tax Filers as a Percent of All Filers 1980 20,000,000 21.3 % 1985 18,800,000 18.5 % 1990 23,900,000 21.0 % 1995 29,000,000 24.5 % 2000 32,600,000 25.2 % 2005 43,800,000 32.6 % 2010 58,400,000 40.9 % 2015 51,400,000 34.1 %
The Tax Foundation adds , “ There are , however , millions of other Americans who earn some income but not enough to be required to file an income tax return . …
When these non-filers are added to the number of nonpayers , the total number of Americans outside the income tax system jumps to roughly 50 percent of all households by some estimates . ”
So becoming a low - income income tax resister does not mean living in a cave , renouncing the world , and living off grubs and berries .
On the contrary , it just means joining a large class of Americans who do not pay any federal income tax .
If I Do n’t Owe Income Tax , Must I File a Return ?
Even if you do not owe any income tax , the government usually requires you to file a return .
However , if your gross income is below a certain threshold ( which depends on your filing status and which changes every year ) , you do not have to file .
The 1040 Form instructions , published by the IRS each year , include a table that shows these thresholds .
Some war tax resisters completely withdraw their cooperation with the federal tax system , and refuse to file a federal tax return .
This strategy can slow down the collection process by not providing information to the IRS .
However , willful failure to file an income tax return is itself a federal criminal misdemeanor , and the fines for failing to file are typically more severe than those for filing but failing to pay .
You may want to consult a war tax resistance counselor and consider carefully the philosophical and practical ramifications of this decision .
For an in - depth exploration of this issue , see NWTRCC ’s Practical Series Pamphlet # 2 : To File or Not to File an Income Tax Return .
There are some advantages to filing a return , so even if you are not required to file you might decide it is worth the trouble .
By filing you can claim a refund if you are legally entitled to one , or you can claim certain deductions or credits .
Some people with low incomes may be able to get a tax “ refund ” through the Earned Income Tax Credit even if they did not pay any income taxes .
Filing a return is also how people with low incomes qualify for health insurance premium subsidies .
Certain benefits , like student loan assistance , may also be based on numbers from your tax return .
Keeping detailed records of tax - deductible expenses and contributions , reading sometimes complex IRS instructions , and carefully applying for deductions and credits can be a laborious process and one that some war tax resisters view as antithetical to their philosophy of non-cooperation .
For other resisters the overriding priority is to stop giving money to the government , even if this means enduring more bookkeeping and red tape .
Charitable Contributions as a Way of Getting Below the Tax Line
Is it possible to earn as much money as you would like and then donate enough to charity that you no longer owe income tax ?
In general , no .
For one thing , the tax deduction for charitable giving is typically limited to 60 % of your adjusted gross income ( for some charities , the number is lower ; Congress has been known to temporarily lift these limits , for instance to encourage charitable giving after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 ) .
IRS Publication 526 , Charitable Contributions , has more details .
Also , the tax deduction for charitable giving is one of the itemized deductions , which means that in order to use it you lose your standard deduction .
For this reason you may have to donate several thousand dollars to charity before you even begin to lower your tax at all .
And because you subtract your itemized deductions after you calculate your adjusted gross income , you cannot lower your adjusted gross income by donating money to charity .
For this reason , additional charitable deductions will not help you qualify for any tax credits that require you to have a lower adjusted gross income ( like the Retirement Savings Tax Credit ) .
Using Credits and Deductions to Get Below the Tax Line
There are many deductions and credits available to tax filers .
Deductions reduce the size of your taxable income , and therefore how much your income is taxed .
Credits directly reduce the amount of tax .
In most cases , these credits can reduce your tax no further than to zero , but certain refundable credits can reduce your tax below zero so that the government pays you money .
Because there are many deductions and credits , and because frequently new ones are added , old ones discontinued , and existing ones altered by changes in the tax law , this pamphlet only discusses a few .
It may be worth your while to learn which of the many deductions and credits you can use .
Doing the Math An Example of how one tax resister could have used the deductions and credits available in 2018 to eliminate his income tax bill .
By September 2018 , Joe Taxmenot had earned $ 39,000 at his job , of which he had saved $ 6,000 in 401k contributions .
Also deducted from his paychecks were $ 400 for tax - free “ commuter checks ” , $ 3,060 in social insurance taxes , and $ 2,000 in federal income tax .
Joe wanted to resist the federal income tax by getting below the tax line and getting the entire $ 2,0000 back as a refund .
Here ’s how he did it :
He quit his job and started a home business doing freelance manuscript editing .
He went through all of the paperwork and fees involved to get a legitimate business license , and advertised in magazines for authors and scriptwriters .
He spent $ 2,750 to get his new business off the ground .
He got his first of several freelance jobs in November , and his first check , for $ 1,800 , arrived just before the end of the year .
He sold off some stock he bought during a bubble several years ago .
This brought in another $ 1,250 in income but he had bought the stock for $ 5,000 so he lost $ 3,750 .
He can take $ 3,000 of those capital losses as a deduction this year and save the remainder for next year ’s taxes .
$ 28,650 Total Income $ 39,000 Employment income − $ 6,000 401k deposit − $ 400 Commuter checks − $ 2,750 Business expense +$ 1,800 Business income − $ 3,000 Capital loss Joe has been lowering his expenses , but he is still strapped for cash and he needs to put $ 6,000 into an IRA to get below the tax line .
The IRS will let him take credit for putting money into an IRA before he actually makes the deposit , as long as he puts the money in before the tax filing deadline .
So he declares the contribution on his tax return in February , but waits until he gets his tax refund before he actually makes his deposit .
He put $ 3,500 in his Health Savings Account over the course of the year .
This also reduces his adjusted gross income .
$ 19,150 Adjusted Gross Income ( AGI ) $ 28,650 Total Income − $ 3,500 Health Savings Account contribution − $ 6,000 IRA contribution Joe can only take the standard deduction because when he calculated his itemized deductions , they did not amount to much .
$ 6,950 Taxable Income $ 19,150 Adjusted Gross Income − $ 12,200 Standard deduction Joe looks in the tax table for the tax on $ 6,950 : $ 695 .
He then fills out the Retirement Savings Tax Credit form .
This form says that because his AGI is $ 19,250 or below , he can take 50 % of the first $ 2,000 that he put into retirement accounts ( such as his 401k and IRA ) as a tax credit : a $ 1,000 credit in his case .
This is not a refundable credit , so it only eliminates the tax rather than converting it into an additional refund .
But Joe is satisfied and claims victory .
$ 0 Tax Owed $ 695 Tax on the $ 6,950 taxable income − $ 695 Retirement Savings Tax Credit Joe files his return and in a few weeks gets a $ 2,000 refund check ( he puts that and $ 4,000 from his savings into his IRA as he planned ) .
Over the year , he put $ 12,000 away for retirement , put $ 3,500 away to pay his medical bills ( or for retirement , if he stays healthy ) , and spent $ 2,750 to start his home business .
After subtracting the social insurance tax that was deducted from his wages , that left him $ 20,740 to spend however he wants .
$ 20,740 Free - and - clear $ 39,000 Employment income +$ 1,250 Sale of the dot - com stock +$ 1,800 Home business earnings − $ 12,000 Retirement savings − $ 3,500 Health savings − $ 2,750 Business expenses − $ 3,060 Social insurance tax Joe figures he can live on that much pretty easily .
He can even save up a little for a couple of years from now when he runs out of that rotten dot com stock and has to squeeze things a little tighter .
He figures he will probably be pretty good at living on the cheap by then .
His cousin Jane earns $ 23,000 a year , but , by the time she has paid her taxes — including over $ 1,000 in federal income tax — she has far less free - and - clear take - home income than Joe does .
She ca n’t believe Joe earned so much more than she does , takes home much more than she does , and saves more for retirement and health care , but does n’t have to pay any federal income tax .
So she decides to go through the numbers herself and see if she could do it too .
Earned Income Tax Credit
The Earned Income Tax Credit ( EITC , sometimes called the “ Earned Income Credit ” or EIC ) is meant to help people who earn low incomes , particularly those who have children .
The amount of the credit varies based on your filing status , your earned income , and the number of children that you have .
You can claim this credit even if you do not owe any income tax for the year , which is to say that the EITC is a “ refundable credit . ”
It is possible for a low - income family to get more back from the government in EITC than it paid in combined income tax and social insurance tax .
The IRS website has an “ EITC Assistant ” that you can use to help determine whether you are eligible for this credit .
Millions of people who are eligible for the EITC fail to apply for it .
This is in part because some low - income families do not file tax returns at all , and also because applying for the EITC ( and filing a tax return in general ) is complicated and confusing .
The IRS sponsors free clinics at which volunteers help people with low incomes prepare their tax forms .
You can volunteer at one of these clinics even if you do not have any training in tax preparation .
The IRS will train you for free .
This is a good way to get some free training in tax law that can help you as a low - income tax resister .
And , by helping people with low incomes apply for the EITC , you help take money from the government and give it to poor families .
Reducing Other Contributions to Military Spending
The government gets our money not only from the federal income tax on individuals , but also through social insurance taxes , the income tax on corporations , excise taxes , and tariffs .
You can also reduce your contributions to these funding sources in the course of adopting a low income lifestyle .
For more information on these , see Other Taxes That Support War at the NWTRCC website .
Social Insurance Taxes
Although social insurance taxes ( also known as “ FICA ” , the “ payroll tax , ” or , in some contexts , the “ self - employment tax ” ) are ostensibly collected to pay for programs like Social Security and Medicare , any surplus that the government collects but does not use to pay for these programs , it “ borrows ” to pay for other items in its budget , including the military .
For this reason , some tax resisters who do not disapprove of programs like Social Security and Medicare still try to resist these taxes .
Social insurance tax is hard to avoid if you earn your income in the above - ground economy .
Your employer is required to withhold money from your paycheck starting with the very first dollar you earn , and you cannot qualify for a refund no matter how little you make .
If you are self - employed , be aware that social insurance tax is assessed on incomes much lower than the minimum threshold for the income tax .
In addition , if you are self - employed , you are legally required to pay a portion of the tax by certain deadlines , four times a year .
The federal penalties , both civil and criminal , for refusing to pay social insurance tax are the same as those for refusing to pay income taxes .
The IRS does not distinguish between these two kinds of tax when applying penalties .
There are a few exceptions to the general rule that everyone must pay social insurance tax .
For instance , self - employed Amish people ( and those of a few other religious groups ) can be exempt , and some ministers can avoid social insurance tax on their salaries .
Corporate Income Tax
You can reduce your contribution to corporate income taxes by reducing your consumption of corporate - provided goods and services , thereby reducing your contribution to the profits of corporations .
Excise Taxes
The federal government taxes things like alcoholic beverages , tanning salons , gasoline , airline tickets , ammunition , vaccines , local telephone service , tobacco , cars and car parts , fishing and archery equipment , and coal .
The fewer such products you consume , the less excise tax you pay .
There are other ways to avoid these taxes , too .
For instance , you can avoid the excise tax on alcoholic beverages by producing your own .
( It is legal to produce your own beer or wine ) .
Gandhi ’s independence campaign in India boycotted goods that the British colonial occupation monopolized and taxed .
Gandhi encouraged Indians to produce their own salt and cloth , both to withdraw financial support from the British monopolies and to encourage the development of domestic industry .
Another set of rebellious British colonials used a similar tactic during the American Revolution — making homespun cloth in patriotic “ spinning bees ” and boycotting British monopoly tea .
What of today ’s anti-imperialists ?
What commercial transactions does the government tax that it would have a harder time taxing if they were the fruits of household industry rather than the marketplace ?
One candidate is homebrewed beer .
The federal excise tax on beer is about a nickle per bottle .
Homebrewers can resist this tax , learn a craft , and drink good beer — all legally !
Imagine “ brewing bees ” or “ drinking bees ” at which war tax resisters belt out songs of liberty !
One homebrewer wrote : “ I like the symbolism of brewing tax - free beer .
Gandhi ’s campaign had a value beyond its bottom - line pounds - and - pence figure .
Spinning cloth was a way of consciously participating on a daily basis in the resistance , and wearing homespun cloth was a way of broadcasting your commitment to those around you .
Besides , brewing beer is fun and when you ’re done you ’ve got beer ! ”
Tariffs
Tariffs are taxes on goods imported into the country that are applied when the goods arrive .
Different goods are taxed at different rates .
You can avoid contributing to these tariffs by purchasing fewer foreign - made products .
However , when you purchase from domestic producers , you contribute to their profits and therefore to the income taxes they owe and pay .
This is an example of where lowering consumption in general may be the best policy .
Other Taxes
If you have less income and you spend less money , you will also reduce your state and local tax liability .
Living on Less : Some Practical Matters
“ The effectiveness of this strategy is multiplied if one advertises the fact that you have legally and deliberately tried to reduce your tax obligations as a way of reducing your support for oppressive government policies .
Tell your tax preparer , your family , and your colleagues about your strategy .
Encourage them to try it …
“ The beauty of tax - reduction strategies is that they are moral on all levels .
By saving for retirement with tax - free dollars , you have benefited not only yourself but younger people who would otherwise sacrifice to care for you .
Wisely invested , this money can create economic growth and increased prosperity .
Charitable donations can be used to strengthen organizations that act as a counterweight to the state and make your community more pleasant and livable .
Most importantly , you are not spending your wealth to blow the arms off of Iraqi children . ” — Jessica Ramer
Family Life and Responsibilities
Resisting war taxes can require difficult choices .
Within the context of partnership and family , these choices also impact others who may not feel the same level of commitment , or who did not themselves choose the risks .
When war tax resistance means reducing income or accepting involuntary financial hardship due to seizures , levies , and liens , this can magnify the ordinary tensions , conflicts , and difficulties of family life .
You can reduce your need for money with cooperative childcare , homeschooling , handed - down clothing , used furniture , homemade toys , gardening , and neighborhood support systems .
Reducing your income may also allow you reduce the hours you work away from home , which gives you the advantages ( financial and otherwise ) of stay - at - home parenting .
It may not always be easy , but the clearest and most enduring teacher for your children will be the example you give of living conscientiously .
“ The example of integrity of lifestyle that I sought was a more valuable legacy to my daughter than financial security . ” — Clare Hanrahan
Home Business and Self - Employment
Self - employment has many advantages for war tax resisters .
Self - employed people qualify for additional tax deductions and credits , including deductions for legitimate business expenses , and have more control over what they choose to withhold for or report to the IRS .
Self - employment allows you to closely regulate your income and withholding — including social insurance tax withholding , which is difficult to resist if you are not self - employed .
Home - based enterprises include anything from web design to tutoring to candle making to on - line auctioning and everything in between .
By working from home , you save resources you would otherwise devote to commuting , purchasing meals , a workplace wardrobe , and child care — resources you can use to enrich other areas of your life .
For more information on war tax resistance and self - employment , see NWTRCC ’s Practical Series Pamphlet # 4 : Self Employment : An Effective Path for War Tax Refusal .
The Underground Economy
The “ underground economy ” consists of those exchanges that are never reported to the government .
Millions of Americans bring in a significant portion of their earnings from this underground economy , which represents something like ten percent of the gross domestic product .
Scholars believe that some 18 – 19 % of legally - reportable income in the United States remains under - the - table , which translates to about $ 500 billion in taxes each year that the government fails to collect because of its inability to discover and enforce a tax on these transactions .
Participation in the underground economy is an effective way to avoid the whole spectrum of taxes : income tax , social insurance tax , excise taxes , and sales tax .
From time to time , policy makers float proposals to introduce a national sales tax or value - added tax .
Should such a radical tax plan ever come to pass , the underground economy will become much more crucial to war tax resisters .
Getting out of Debt
Perhaps , like many Americans , you owe a lot of money .
Credit card debt , mortgage debt , student loans , and other forms of debt are a common obstacle to living on a reduced income .
You may find that you have to work hard to get out of debt before you can begin to reduce your income to get below the tax line .
If so , there ’s nothing for it but to get started as soon as possible .
As the proverb says : “ A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step . ”
If you work now to lower your expenses so that you are able to dedicate more of your income to paying off your debts , the skills you learn in reducing and sticking to a budget will be skills that serve you well when you are living under the tax line on a lower income .
Ideas for Meeting Basic Needs on a Low Income
Education
If you are paying or saving for education costs for yourself or for a member of your immediate family , you may be able to take advantage of a number of tax deductions and credits that allow you to earn more than you otherwise would and still remain below the tax line ( see IRS Publication 970 , Tax Benefits for Education ) .
Of course there are many opportunities for education that are available outside of the university .
Every time you learn a new skill by “ doing it yourself ” you become more well - rounded and less reliant on commercial transactions to get you through life .
Many universities are now offering free on - line courses to anyone who wants to sign up .
Education can also be bartered :
For instance , one tax resister who wanted to learn Spanish swapped lessons with a Spanish - speaker who wanted to polish his English skills .
This way two people got language tutoring free - of - charge .
Housing
Cooperative housing arrangements — such as collectives , intentional communities , and community land trusts — can honor alternative lifestyles and encourage people to cooperate in decision - making , share resources , and relate responsibly to land and housing .
You can meet short - term shelter needs inexpensively by house - sitting and offering plant and pet care .
You might also secure housing while providing a valuable social service by offering companion care for the elderly or disabled .
Banking
If you keep your money in a bank you might consider alternative banking institutions or credit unions .
Though such savings remain vulnerable to levy or seizure , as they would be in a bank , the funds can be more useful to the community while they remain on deposit .
Credit unions are also exempt from the federal corporate income tax on the profits they make , whereas banks are subject to this tax .
Health Care and Medical Emergencies
By attending to preventive health care and a healthy lifestyle in general , the odds improve that you will lower your health expenses .
But when you play the odds , sometimes you win and sometimes you do n’t .
Fortunately , there are ways to pay for health insurance and health care that do n’t require you to earn additional taxed income .
Health Savings Accounts
The Health Savings Accounts ( HSA ) program started in 2004 .
It allows you to earn a certain amount of money income - tax - free each year if you put that money into an HSA .
You can withdraw from your HSA to pay for health expenses , including your health insurance deductible , without being taxed on the money you withdraw .
You do not have to spend it all during the year in which you deposited it ( which is the case for the somewhat similar tax advantaged “ flexible spending ” accounts ) .
When you reach retirement age , you can withdraw money from your HSA without having to spend the money on health expenses — just as though it were a retirement account like a traditional IRA or 401k — although any non-health - related withdrawals will be treated as taxable income in the year you make the withdrawal .
You can only have an HSA if you have a high - deductible health insurance plan .
What “ high - deductible ” means is subject to change , so you should check the current law when you try to find a qualifying plan .
Deducting Health Expenses
Health expenses can , under some circumstances , be used as tax deductions that make it easier to earn enough money to meet your health care needs while remaining under the tax line .
If you are self - employed , you can deduct the cost of your health insurance policy .
If your employer gives you health insurance as a benefit , you are not taxed on the value of this benefit .
Some employers offer a Health Reimbursement Arrangement ( HRA ) in which the employer pays into an account from which you as an employee can be reimbursed for medical expenses — these reimbursements are also untaxed .
Some employers offer Flexible Spending Accounts , also known as “ cafeteria ” plans .
Your account is funded by deductions from your paycheck , and you can withdraw money from your account to pay for medical expenses .
The money in the account is not subject to income tax either when you earn and deposit it or when you withdraw and spend it .
However , you must spend all of the money you have put into the account during the year in which you deposited it ( plus a few months grace period ) or you lose the money .
You can itemize health expenses to the extent that they exceed 7.5 % of your adjusted gross income .
However , if you itemize you forfeit your standard deduction .
For this reason , you have to have enough itemized deductions to make up for your standard deduction before you get any benefit from itemizing .
If you have extraordinary health costs in some years , or if you will be itemizing for some other reason , this may be worthwhile , so you may want to get in the habit of keeping receipts for your health expenses .
Health Insurance under the Affordable Care Act ( “ Obamacare ” )
In 2014 , the federal government began subsidizing health insurance premiums for low - income people under the terms of the Affordable Care Act ( sometimes called “ Obamacare ” ) .
Some low - income war tax resisters may find that they now qualify for Medicaid , while the rest are very likely to find that the federal government will subsidize a large percentage of the cost of their private health insurance .
The subsidy takes the form of a tax credit , which you calculate on your income tax return at the end of the year and which is based on your adjusted gross income .
The same techniques that you use to reduce your adjusted gross income in order to eliminate your federal income tax will have the side effect of increasing your health insurance subsidy .
The government pre-pays this subsidy to your insurance company throughout the year so that you , in turn , pay a lower monthly premium .
This means you must estimate at the beginning of the year what your adjusted gross income is likely to be at the end of the year so the government knows how much of your premium to pay for you .
At the end of the year , when you file your return and determine your actual adjusted gross income , if this differs from the estimate you made at the beginning of the year , the government may credit you some amount if it undersubsidized you , or it may ask you to repay some amount if it feels it oversubsidized you .
This introduces a complication for those low - income resisters who do not file tax returns .
They may , as a result , also have to relinquish these subsidies , and may find that their unsubsidized health insurance premiums have risen .
For more information , see :
ABLE Accounts
People who become disabled before their late - twenties may set up ABLE accounts , or have such accounts established for them by their immediate families , in order to pay expenses related to living with their disability .
These accounts are Roth - like , in that deposits to them are taxed , but earnings on those deposits are not ( see the section on tax - advantaged retirement accounts below ) .
As of tax year 2018 , taxpayers can qualify for the retirement savings tax credit by depositing money in an ABLE account .
Long - Term and Old Age Security
As a low income war tax resister , you need to consider how to support yourself in your later years .
You may qualify for Social Security , or you may not have contributed the required minimum , or you may choose not to draw from that fund on principle .
Whatever the case , you will need to prepare for the inevitable uncertainties and insecurities of old age .
( See , also , NWTRCC ’s Practical Series Pamphlet # 7 : Healthy , “ Wealthy , ” and Wise : Aging and War Tax Resistance . )
Tax - Advantaged Retirement Accounts
Tax - advantaged retirement accounts allow you to save money for retirement while avoiding or delaying some taxes .
There are several varieties of these accounts .
In combination with the retirement savings tax credit , they are powerful tools for the low - income tax resister who wants to stay below the income tax line while still making a comfortable income and while saving for retirement .
Some tax - advantaged retirement accounts are “ tax - deferred , ” which means that you are not taxed on the money when you put it in the account , but only when you withdraw it during your retirement .
Other accounts work the other way around — you are taxed on the money now , but not when you withdraw it ( and any interest or investment gain it has earned ) at retirement time .
In either case , you are taxed on the money in these accounts at the same rate as you are on any other income — it is not taxed at a special rate .
If you are still below the tax line when you take money out of a tax - deferred retirement account at retirement , you will not be taxed on it then even if you also were not taxed when you deposited the money .
Similarly , with the other variety of account , if you were below the tax line when you deposited the money , and therefore you were not taxed on the money then , you will not be required to pay any taxes on the money when you withdraw it at retirement even if you are otherwise above the tax line then .
If you put money into a tax - deferred retirement account , you are merely postponing the time at which you will have to decide how to avoid paying taxes on that amount .
In order to stay tax - free when you retire , you will have to either remain under the tax line or resist in some other way ( but see the section on Traditional - to - Roth rollovers for another option ) .
What Are IRA s , Roth IRA s , 401ks , 403bs , SEP s , and SIMPLE s ?
A traditional IRA is a tax - deferred retirement account .
You can deposit up to a few thousand dollars each year .
However much you deposit is deducted from your income for the year on your tax return and so you do not face income tax on it that year ( though you will still face social insurance tax ) .
Later , when you reach retirement age and withdraw money from your IRA , it will be taxed then as income at whatever tax rate the government is charging then .
A Roth IRA is not tax - deferred .
You can deposit up to a few thousand dollars each year .
Unlike the traditional IRA , the money you deposit into a Roth IRA counts as part of your yearly income and you are taxed on it like any other income .
However , when you withdraw money from your IRA at retirement time you do not have to pay taxes then either on your contributions or on any interest or investment income they have earned .
A 401k is like a traditional IRA , but it is run by your employer .
You fund it by withholding money from your paycheck , and you can typically put in more money each year than you can with an IRA .
Some employers “ match ” a portion of your contributions with their own contributions .
There is also a “ Roth ” 401 k , which is like a regular 401 k but is not tax - deferred .
A 403b is like a 401k for employees of certain schools , universities and non-profit entities ( there is also a “ Roth ” 403 b ) .
SEP s and SIMPLE s are varieties of tax - advantaged retirement account that self - employed people and small businesses can establish .
The Retirement Savings Tax Credit
If you have a low income , you can get a tax credit as large as $ 1,000 if you contribute money to a tax - advantaged retirement account .
This means that if you would have been taxed $ 1,000 based on your taxable income , you will instead be taxed nothing .
You can qualify both for this credit and for the usual deduction if you contribute to a tax - deferred account .
You apply for this credit by filling out Form 8880 .
For more information , see this page .
“ I filed my taxes yesterday .
Total federal income tax : $ 0.00 .
Total state income tax : $ 0.00 .
This makes four years in a row without paying a dime in income tax .
Ever since the ‘ retirement savings contribution credit ’ went into effect as a bone thrown to the poor as part of the tax cut for the rich in 2001 , I ’ve lived below taxable levels .
I strive to maintain this as a form of protest against the actions of the federal government in recent years . ” — Fred Ecks
Advantages of a Traditional - to - Roth Rollover
In general , you are not supposed to take money out of a tax - advantaged retirement account until you reach the age of 59 ½ ( you are taxed and penalized if you do ) .
There are some exceptions .
One thing you are permitted to do is to transfer money from a traditional IRA to a Roth IRA .
If you do this , you are taxed on the amount you transfer as if it were income you earned during the year you make the transfer .
This can be advantageous to the low - income tax resister .
If you have a year in which you earn very little money and so are in very little danger of being taxed , you can generate some extra “ income ” by doing such a transfer ( just enough income so that you wo n’t have to pay taxes on it either ) .
That way , when retirement time comes , you wo n’t be in danger of being taxed on the money then either .
“ In 2004 , I earned about $ 18,000 .
I ran the numbers and determined that I could have earned as much as $ 25,000 and still be under the federal income tax line .
So I transferred $ 6,500 from my traditional IRA to a Roth IRA .
That $ 6,500 is considered part of my income for 2004 ( I left some wiggle room : $ 18,000 + $ 6,500 = $ 24,500 ) .
“ This sort of transfer is legal , and there ’s no penalty ( as there would be if I just withdrew the money from the traditional IRA rather than transferring it to a Roth IRA ) — but I do have to pay the tax on that $ 6,500 now instead of later .
However , I pay that tax at my current rate of taxation , which , because my total income is so low , is 0 % .
So that $ 6,500 went from being money that was due to be taxed eventually to being money that was never taxed and never will be .
“ This sort of transfer is sensible not only for those of us with a little space in our 0 % zone , but for anyone who thinks that they ’ll be in a higher income tax bracket when they retire than they are today .
Of course , this is just guesswork , but in a case like mine where today ’s rate is 0 % , it ’s a no - risk no - brainer . ” — David Gross
Can the IRS Seize Your Retirement Account ?
The IRS may try to seize money from your retirement account .
If you take withdrawals from the account , it may try to seize this money as you withdraw it .
The IRS is reluctant to seize money from tax - advantaged retirement accounts before you withdraw from them , and generally will not unless you are what they call a “ flagrant ” tax evader — however , conscientious war tax resisters can easily be considered “ flagrant ” by their standards ( see : Internal Revenue Manual : 5.11.6 Notice of Levy in Special Cases ) .
If they seize money from a tax - advantaged retirement account before you withdraw it , legally this is considered a withdrawal .
It will not be subject to an early - withdrawal penalty , but in the case of tax - deferred accounts the withdrawal will be considered part of your income during the year it is seized .
This may mean that you will owe additional tax that year or that the extra income will push you above the tax line .
Uncertainties Concerning Future Tax Law
When Congress set up these tax - advantaged retirement account programs , it made an implicit bargain that the tax law of the future will be similar to current tax law .
Of course , the people running Congress at that future date are probably not going to be the same people who made this bargain , and they will have their own agendas .
Some radical tax - reform proposals might make a hash of the plans of retirees .
For example , if the federal income tax were replaced by a national sales tax , those people who paid their taxes up - front and put their retirement savings into a Roth IRA would have to pay taxes all over again when they withdraw and spend their money .
So , as with so much else , when we try to organize our lives ( and our retirement savings ) using the law as a guide , we put ourselves at the mercy of lawmakers .
Caveat emptor .
Government Social Insurance Programs — Some Considerations
If you qualify for Social Security benefits , when you approach retirement age you must decide whether or not to apply for them .
Some war tax resisters choose to remain outside of the Social Security system both at the contributing and receiving ends .
Other resisters choose to participate in the Social Security program and are interested in knowing how eligibility is determined .
People with low incomes — who may also have little or no savings , pension , or health insurance , and who may have contributed little to Social Security over the years — need to know their options to help them plan for the years when they may no longer be able to work .
NWTRCC ’s Practical Series Pamphlet # 7 :
Healthy , “ Wealthy , ” and Wise : Aging and War Tax Resistance has a lot of information on Social Security , Medicare , and other options for older war tax resisters .
The Best Things in Life Are Free
You know that some of the best things in life are free , but you may not know that many of the things people pay cold hard cash for can also be obtained free - of - charge .
“ Capitalism , with its ‘ free market economy , ’ its ‘ jobs ’ and its ‘ wages , ’ is only one part of how we actually create and maintain livelihoods in our families and communities .
When we peel away the misleading idea of one giant ‘ Economic System , ’ we can begin to see the workings of many different kinds of economies that are alive and well , supporting us below the surface .
These are not the economies of the stock - brokers and the ‘ expert ’ economists .
These are our economies , people ’s economies , the economies that we build with our everyday lives and relationships . … “ … [ W ]e as creative and skilled people have already created different kinds of economic relationships in the very belly of the capitalist system .
We have our own forms of wealth and value that are not defined by money .
Instead of prioritizing competition and profit - making , these economies place human needs and relationships at the center .
They are the already - planted seeds of a new economy , an economy of cooperation , equality , diversity , and self - determination : a ‘ solidarity economy ’ . ” — Ethan Miller
Barter
Bartering can connect people in a network of mutual support that promotes community and honors individual skills .
Although the IRS considers barter and trade to be taxable transactions , in most cases the agency never learns about the transactions at all .
Over the course of a year between 2005 and 2006 , Kyle MacDonald traded one red paperclip for a pen in the shape of a fish , which he traded for a ceramic doorknob in the shape of a face , which he traded for a camping stove , which he traded for an electric generator , which he traded for a neon Budwiser sign and a full keg of beer , which he traded for a snowmobile , which he traded for a some - expenses - paid trip to Yahk , British Columbia , which he traded for a 1995 Ford moving van , which he traded for a recording contract , which he traded for a year ’s rent in an apartment in Phoenix , which he traded for an afternoon with the rock star Alice Cooper , which he traded for “ a motorized KISS snowglobe with multi-colored lights and above all else a variable speed dial , ” which he traded for a role in the movie Donna on Demand , which he traded for a house in Kipling , Saskatchewan .
Freecycling , Freeganism , and Freeware
Freecyclers use email lists or Internet classified ad boards to publish lists of the goods that they would like either to give away or to obtain .
Freecyclers will tell you that they can find anything from building materials to furniture to textbooks to perfume to computer parts to baby products to bicycles to guitars and more — all completely free of charge .
“ Freegans ” ( a play on the word “ vegan ” ) are people who prefer to live on things that they can get free - of - charge by living off of society ’s cast - offs .
One freegan , Adam Weissman , told a reporter : “ I am able to take long vacations from work , I have all kinds of consumer goods , and I eat a really healthy diet of really wonderful food : white asparagus and cactus fruit , three different kinds of mushrooms and four different kinds of pre-cut salad .
And I ’m just thinking of what is in my refrigerator right now . …
We found flat - screen TV s , working boom - boxes and stereos .
I have put together most of my wardrobe .
Last year ’s designer clothing in perfect shape is discarded because it ’s no longer fashionable , so I wear a lot of designer labels . ”
Some of the best computer software is free , and the free open - source software sector is one of the biggest and most successful gift economies ever .
It rivals the engines of Capitalism and the power of the State in its ability to marshal labor and ingenuity toward productive goals .
By switching from commercial software to free open - source software , you help this economy grow , and you help shrink the tax - generating economy of commercial software .
“ About 50 teachers , engineers , executives and other professionals in the Bay Area have made a vow to not buy anything new in 2006 — except food , health and safety items and underwear . …
“ Compacters can get as much as they want from thrift shops , Craigslist , freecycle.org , eBay and flea markets , as long as the items are secondhand .
And when they ’re in doubt , they turn to their fellow Compacters for guidance . …
One especially appealing aspect of the Compact is its social component , members say .
Fellow Compacters offer advice , moral support , help locating needed items and partners for thrift - store runs . ” — Carolyn Jones , San Francisco Chronicle , February 13 , 2006
Gleaning
The U.S. Department of Agriculture defines gleaning as “ the collection of crops from farmers ’ fields that have already been mechanically harvested or on fields where it is not economically profitable to harvest . ”
In some parts of the world , such gleaning is an informal and expected part of agriculture ; in others , it is considered unusual and is best handled by asking explicit permission from the farm owner .
Urban gleaning relies on the many edible plants that are planted mostly for ornamental purposes — plum trees growing along sidewalks , olive trees in road medians , rosemary bushes planted in front of businesses , edible weeds like dandelions , and the like .
Knowing what to look for and when to look can yield a bounty in your own neighborhood .
U.C. Santa Barbara , spent ten weeks “ living off the land ” in a town near campus in 2003 .
He ate figs , apples , pomegranates , passion fruit , guavas , persimmons , blackberries , citrus fruits and arugula from front yards and urban landscaping , and gathered fish , octopus , scallops , lobster and seaweed from the ocean .
“ I really was eating the best stuff on Earth , and I was thriving on it , ” he says .
Alastair Bland , an anthropology student atSanta Barbara , spent ten weeks “ living off the land ” in a town near campus in 2003 .
He ate figs , apples , pomegranates , passion fruit , guavas , persimmons , blackberries , citrus fruits and arugula from front yards and urban landscaping , and gathered fish , octopus , scallops , lobster and seaweed from the ocean .
“ I really was eating the best stuff on Earth , and I was thriving on it , ” he says .
Slugging
Slugging , also known as casual carpooling , is an informal variety of public transit .
The slugs , those who want a ride , wait at a well - known spot from which it is convenient for drivers to pull - over and pick up passengers .
Drivers who need additional passengers ( for instance , to meet the requirements for a carpool lane or for reduced tolls ) pick them up .
Because of the mutual benefit , no money is exchanged .
Frugal Eating
Food is a big part of most people ’s budgets .
It also is fairly easy to squeeze for budget savings .
The best way to stretch your food budget is to eat out less .
It is much less expensive to prepare food at home .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture has put a lot of time into preparing and taste - testing frugal and healthy menus .
You can find these thrifty food plans and even a recipe book on - line .
Cooperative community gardens allow people to share skills in growing and preserving food .
Raising produce locally and responsibly promotes sustainable agriculture while contributing to health and fitness , both in the exercise involved in tending a garden , and in the high quality of the food produced .
According to a decade - long study by University of Arizona anthropologist Timothy Jones , some 40 – 50 % of the edible food produced in the United States is never eaten .
This figure includes everything from food left to rot in the fields where it grows , to food spoiled in transport , to the last couple of inches of soured milk in the carton in your fridge .
There is clearly a lot of room for efficiency and frugality to stretch your food dollar while reducing waste .
Conclusion
Living on a low income can be an effective way for you to resist the federal income tax , and it has many other benefits : it lowers your environmental footprint , reduces other taxes , orients your life away from consumerism , and encourages solidarity with the involuntarily poor .
Certainly the least we can do , as people who oppose the war machine and who recognize that taxes are its fuel , is to join the millions of Americans who already live under the income tax line .
Explore the war tax resistance literature , discuss this with others , and choose the path of best resistance and the level of risk best suited to your circumstances .
Juanita Nelson , reflecting on her life of voluntary simplicity , said :
“ … I was in pursuit of a life that holds up to the light practically every breath that one breathes in terms of nonviolence , in terms of how the practice matches the preachment . ”
In the day - to - day practice of simple living , we may come to celebrate for spiritual reasons the lifestyles we first might have embarked upon for political ones .
Simple Living Resource List
Organizations
Shareable
Hub SoMa Coworking
901 Mission Street
San Francisco , CA 94103
a nonprofit news , action and connection hub for the sharing transformation
The Center for a New American Dream
6930 Carroll Avenue , suite 900
Takoma Park , MD 20912
( 877 ) 68 ‒DREAM
newdream@newdream.org
helps Americans consume responsibly to protect the environment , enhance quality of life , and promote social justice
Green America
1612 K Street NW , Suite 600
Washington DC 20006
( 800 ) 584‒7336
includes information on cooperative living , barter and LETS
Fellowship for Intentional Community
RR 1 Box 156 - W
Rutledge MO 63563‒9720
( 660 ) 883‒5545
resources for intentional communities , cohousing groups , ecovillages , and people seeking a home in community
School of Living
215 Julian Woods Lane
Julian , PA 16844
( 814 ) 353‒0130
Office@schoolofliving.org
self - empowering ways of living that aim to establish decentralized , ecologically - sound , self - governed and humane communities
Financial Integrity
P.O. Box 15320
Seattle , WA 98115
hands - on practices that integrate classic financial wisdom into daily financial activities
Simple Living Works !
( 805 ) 400‒0182
SimpleLivingWorks@yahoo.com
equips people of faith to challenge consumerism , live justly and celebrate responsibly
Books
War Tax Resistance — A Guide to Withholding Your Support from the Military Available from War Resisters League , 339 Lafayette Street , New York , NY 10012 .
$ 15 plus shipping ( $ 2 book rate or $ 4 first class ) .
Unjobbing by Michael Fogler
War tax resister Michael Fogler shows you how to bring your life into alignment with your values and to break away from imprisoning , unfulfilling jobs .
Your Money or Your Life by Joe Dominguez and Vicki Robin Offers a clear , step by step process to align financial behavior with personal values .
Radical Simplicity by Jim Merkel
Not so radical as the title implies , Merkel provides a perspective of a way of life which integrates housing , food , community , work , and finances with values .
Voluntary Simplicity by Duane Elgin Winner of the 2006 Goi Peace Award , Elgin wrote this book over 25 years ago , a groundbreaking work for a movement toward simple , sustainable living .
The Simple Living Guide by Janet Luhrs
How to live a simpler , deliberate life , and savor it .
Choosing Simplicity by Linda Breen Pierce
This book dives into the lives of people who simplified , telling their individual stories .
The Complete Tightwad Gazette by Amy Dacyczyn Money - saving tips for everything in life , from groceries to gifts and travel .
Other Websites
Center for a New American Dream helps Americans consume responsibly to protect the environment , enhance quality of life , and promote social justice Better Times access to sustainable , simple , and frugal living The Picket Line living within my means without paying federal income tax — honestly , peacefully , and legally The I.R.S. helps America ’s taxpayers understand and pay their taxes Tax Credit Resources detailed information about federal and some state tax credits , particularly those that can be claimed by persons with low - to - moderate income
Resources Available from NWTRCC :
Practical War Tax Resistance Pamphlet Series :
( Single copies $ 1.00 each ; Bulk rate 50 ¢ )
War Tax Resistance : A Guide to Withholding Your Support from the Military , a comprehensive book on the subject .
Published by War Resisters League , 5th Edition , March 2003 with annual update , 144 pages .
( $ 6 postpaid )
War Tax Resisters and the IRS , a brief outline of WTR motivations , methods and consequences .
( $ 2.50 each )
NB - This story was an April Fools ' joke .
Internet search giant Google is planning to close down its Australian office in response to the Federal Government 's plans to filter the internet , according to an internal memo sighted by iTnews .
According to the leaked memo , Google CEO Eric Schmidt [ pictured ] canvassed the option in discussions with the US State Department on how to take an appropriate international stance on censorship earlier this month .
" We ca n't be compromised by the Australian situation , " the memo reads .
" We pulled out on the Chinese over their filter - it wo n't go unnoticed if we remain in Australia . "
Tensions between the Federal Government and Google escalated on Monday evening , when Communications Minister Stephen Conroy told ABC Radio that the search giant should consider its own privacy policies before criticising those of elected governments .
Conroy said Google 's motivations could be summed up in one alleged Schmidt quote : " We love cash ! "
The memo canvasses the option of Google moving its handful of local switches and cache kit to New Zealand , mirroring the approach taken in China , where racks were re-located to Hong Kong .
A spokesman for Senator Conroy said his department had not received any communications from Google outside of its official submission to public consultations around the filtering plan and has not received any threats from Google to quit Australia .
" Maybe DFAT has been briefed , I do n't know , " the spokesman for Senator Conroy said .
" Ask them ? "
Colin Jacobs , vice - chair of Electronic Frontiers Australia said Google had made the " wrong move . "
" After being assured by the Minister that the filter is benign and for our own good , EFA recently reversed its opposition to the plan , " he said .
" Google 's decision not to play by Australian law leaves Australians at continued risk of being bombarded by unspeakable obscenity every time they open their web browser , with nobody to help shield them .
We can't help but wonder if this means Google is somehow pro-bestiality . "
Representatives from Google were too busy enjoying April Fools Day !!! to make comment .
i Tnews wishes all its readers a Happy April Fools Day .
Guess the price of water will go up now LOL
Even for an actor who has played a vampire - hunter with a guilty conscience , a Baltimore crime lord with a taste for Adam Smith , and an asset manager with a stalker , the role of the Norse deity Heimdall – guardian of the burning rainbow bridge between the world of men and the world of gods – was always going to be a bit of a challenge .
But playing a god in Kenneth Branagh 's forthcoming film
Thor has turned out to be the least of Idris Elba 's worries , after fans of the comic books turned on the star of The Wire for reasons that have nothing to do with his acting ability and everything to do with the colour of his skin .
When news emerged late last year that the 37 - year - old black Londoner had been chosen to play Heimdall , " the whitest of the gods " , a being who can hear the sap flowing in trees and look across time and space , many devotees of the Marvel comics on which the film is based flocked to online forums to weep , gnash their teeth and unleash a tide of indignation .
A fortnight ago , the actor told Jonathan Ross that his take on Heimdall was " Norse by way of Hackney , Canning Town " .
And at the beginning of the month , he told a press conference that he saw his casting as an encouraging step .
His view was not shared among the more vehement of the comic books ' fans .
" This PC crap has gone too far ! " wailed one .
" Norse deities are not of an African ethnicity ! …
It 's the principle of the matter .
It 's about respecting the integrity of the source material , both comics and Norse mythologies . "
Fellow fans were quick to nod their horn - helmeted heads .
" At the risk of sounding like a bigot , I think this is nuts ! " said another .
" Asgard is home to the Norse Gods !!!
Not too many un -fair complexion types roaming the frigid waste lands up there .
I would n't expect to see many Brad Pitt types walking around in the [ first mainstream black superhero ] Black Panther 's Wakanda Palace ! "
Elba , who was born in Hackney , north - east London , to a Ghanaian mother and Sierra Leonean father , has addressed such concerns in a string of recent interviews .
" There has been a big debate about it : can a black man play a Nordic character ? " he told TV Times .
" Hang about , Thor 's mythical , right ?
Thor has a hammer that flies to him when he clicks his fingers .
That 's OK , but the colour of my skin is wrong ?
" I was cast in Thor and I 'm cast as a Nordic god , " he said .
" If you know anything about the Nords , they do n't look like me but there you go .
I think that 's a sign of the times for the future .
I think we will see multi -level casting .
I think we will see that , and I think that 's good . "
Elba , who shot to fame as the erudite and thoughtful gangster Stringer Bell in critically acclaimed US television serial The Wire , also used his interview with TV Times to warn viewers against pigeonholing his new BBC crime drama , Luther , just because it was about a black policeman .
" I think we 'll put ourselves in a corner if we just describe Luther as a black detective , " he said .
" There have n't been many in the past , but the fact that he 's black is neither here nor there . "
The actor added that while it was " great to have a character who happens to be black in the central position … he still bleeds , just like anyone else " .
Elba is working in the US and was unavailable for comment yesterday .
However , his publicist flatly dismissed any suggestion of a row between fans and film - makers , telling the Guardian that the actor was merely being mischievous .
" There 's no controversy , " said Rupert Fowler .
" Idris was being flippant in the [ TV Times ] interview . "
His UK agent , Roger Charteris , said Elba had chosen the role of Heimdall on artistic rather than political grounds .
" He just wanted to do the movie and work with Kenneth Branagh .
" He liked the script and he liked the movie and he had always wanted to work with Kenneth Branagh .
It was n't like a statement : ' Oh , I 'm going to do this . '
It 's always a purely creative decision . "
Or perhaps Elba was seeking to emulate his fellow British actor and Wire costar Dominic West .
Last year ,
West – who has played the Ukrainian - Russian son of Pablo Picasso , a Spartan statesman and a French detective – revealed he had decided to accept the part of the Australian scientist Professor Howard Florey in a BBC TV drama about the discovery of penicillin , in protest against non-English actors playing famous English roles .
" I was sort of smarting from Russell Crowe coming over here and playing Robin Hood and all these foreigners coming over here and stealing our great heroes , " he said , his tongue lodged firmly in his cheek .
" I felt I was striking a blow back by being a Brit playing a foreigner . "
The Equality and Human Rights Commission said : " It 's up to the casting director and producers to decide who is suitable for a role .
It is not actually illegal to discriminate for authenticity purposes in the theatre .
There is an exception under the Race Relations
Act which says if it is required for the role , you can ask for someone of a certain colour . "
Colour - blind casting : how cinema has lagged behind the stage
Idris Elba is not the first black British actor to play a Scandinavian icon .
In 2001 , Adrian Lester played Hamlet in Paris , receiving rave reviews for his portrayal of the melancholy Dane in Peter Brook 's stripped - down production .
In the same year , David Oyelowo became the first black actor in the Royal Shakespeare Company 's history to be cast in the role of an English monarch when he played Henry VI in Histories .
In 2002 , colour - blind casting came to Noël Coward when Chiwetel Ejiofor played Nicky Lancaster in The Vortex at the Donmar Warehouse .
Lester , who played the lead role in Nicholas Hytner 's satirical updating of Henry V in 2003 , also joined the cast of the first all - black Broadway production of Cat On a Hot Tin Roof .
Debbie Allen 's take on Tennessee Williams 's play , which opened in New York in 2008 , starred James Earl Jones as Big Daddy and Phylicia Rashād as Big Mama .
It transferred to the West End last November , with Lester as Brick , who was played in the 1958 film by Paul Newman .
Although the tradition of white actors such as Laurence Olivier and Orson Welles " blacking up " to play Othello has all but disappeared , gentile actors – such as Al Pacino – still routinely play Shylock in Shakespeare 's The Merchant of Venice .
Cinema , which is far less reliant on existing , classic material , has lagged behind theatre when it comes to colour - blind casting .
Rumours of a black James Bond remain just that , although his CIA friend Felix Leiter has been played by two African - American actors , Bernie Casey in 1983 's Never Say Never Again , and Jeffrey Wright in the Daniel Craig films Casino Royale ( 2006 ) and Quantum of Solace ( 2008 ) .
In 1999 , another originally white US lawman , Captain James West , was played by Will Smith in Wild Wild West , which also starred Kenneth Branagh .
Tolstoy is the Tolstoy of the Zulus
-- Ralph Wiley
Ken Burns ' Civil
War documentary makes note of the fact that General Lee was opposed to slavery .
I basically took that as true , until -- in all honesty -- some of my commenters informed me that it , in fact , was not .
One of the saddest , and yet telling , aspects of the War , for me personally , is that on the two occasions when Confederate troops headed North , they kidnapped free blacks and sold them into slavery .
Ditto for black soldiers who were captured and " lucky " enough not to be killed .
Anyway , if you have a moment check out this lecture a reader was kind enough to send to me .
At about the 55:00 mark , Elizabeth Brown Pryor talks about Lee 's relationship to slavery , and more interestingly , how the myth that he was somehow anti-slavery came to be .
It was sad to hear frankly .
If the war actually were n't about slavery , I think all our lives would be a lot easier .
But as I thought on it , my sadness was stupid .
What undergirds all of this alleged honoring of the Confederacy , is a kind of ancestor - worship that is n't .
The Lost Cause is necromancy -- it summons the dead and enslaves them to the need of their vainglorious , self - styled descendants .
Its greatest crime is how it denies , even in death , the humanity of the very people it claims to venerate .
This is n't about " honoring " the past -- it 's about an inability to cope with the present .
The God of History binds the Confederacy in its own chains .
From the declaration of secession in Texas ...
... in this free government * all white men are and of right ought to be entitled to equal civil and political rights * [ emphasis in the original ] ; that the servitude of the African race , as existing in these States , is mutually beneficial to both bond and free , and is abundantly authorized and justified by the experience of mankind , and the revealed will of the Almighty Creator , as recognized by all Christian nations ; while the destruction of the existing relations between the two races , as advocated by our sectional enemies , would bring inevitable calamities upon both and desolation upon the fifteen slave - holding states ....
To Virginia ...
The people of Virginia in their ratification of the Constitution of the United States of America , adopted by them in convention on the twenty - fifth day of June , in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty - eight , having declared that the powers granted under said Constitition were derived from the people of the United States and might be resumed whensoever the same should be perverted to their injury and oppression , and the Federal Government having perverted said powers not only to the injury of the people of Virginia , but to the oppression of the Southern slave - holding States .
To Mississippi ...
.... Our position is thoroughly identified with the institution of slavery -- the greatest material interest of the world .
Its labor supplies the product which constitutes by far the largest and most important portions of commerce of the earth .
These products are peculiar to the climate verging on the tropical regions , and by an imperious law of nature , none but the black race can bear exposure to the tropical sun .
These products have become necessities of the world , and a blow at slavery is a blow at commerce and civilization .
That blow has been long aimed at the institution , and was at the point of reaching its consummation .
There was no choice left us but submission to the mandates of abolition , or a dissolution of the Union , whose principles had been subverted to work out our ruin ...
To South Carolina ...
... A geographical line has been drawn across the Union , and all the States north of that line have united in the election of a man to the high office of President of the United States , whose opinions and purposes are hostile to slavery .
He is to be entrusted with the administration of the common Government , because he has declared that that " Government cannot endure permanently half slave , half free , " and that the public mind must rest in the belief that slavery is in the course of ultimate extinction .
This sectional combination for the submersion of the Constitution , has been aided in some of the States by elevating to citizenship , persons who , by the supreme law of the land , are incapable of becoming citizens ; and their votes have been used to inaugurate a new policy , hostile to the South , and destructive of its beliefs and safety .
To the Vice - President of the Confederacy itself ...
The constitution , it is true , secured every essential guarantee to the institution while it should last , and hence no argument can be justly urged against the constitutional guarantees thus secured , because of the common sentiment of the day .
Those ideas , however , were fundamentally wrong .
They rested upon the assumption of the equality of races .
This was an error .
It was a sandy foundation , and the government built upon it fell when the " storm came and the wind blew . "
Our new government is founded upon exactly the opposite idea ; its foundations are laid , its corner - stone rests , upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man ; that slavery subordination to the superior race is his natural and normal condition .
This , our new government , is the first , in the history of the world , based upon this great physical , philosophical , and moral truth ...
This is about a lancing shame , about that gaping wound in the soul that comes when confronted with the appalling deeds of our forebears .
Lost Causers worship their ancestors , in the manner of the abandoned child who brags that his dead - beat father is actually an astronaut , away on a mission of cosmic importance .
I know how this goes .
For us , it 's coping with the fact that people who looked like you sold you into slavery .
It 's understanding that you come from a place that was on the wrong side of the Gatling gun .
It 's feeling not simply like one of history 's losers , but that you had no right to win .
The work of the mature intellect is to reconcile oneself to the past without a retreat into fantasy -- in either direction .
Claiming to be the descendant of kings and queens is just as bad as claiming to be thankful for the slave trade .
It 's weak to manipulate the dead in order to reconcile our present , to force men to play our Gods .
Robert E. Lee was a man , and a product of a time and place that turned people into , quite literally , the most valuable resource in this country .
I hate to keep taking it back to David Blight but ...
By 1860 there were approximately 4,000,000 slaves in the United States , the second largest slave society -- slave population -- in the world .
The only one larger was Russian serfdom .
Brazil was close .
But in 1860 American slaves , as a financial asset , were worth approximately three and a half billion dollars -- that 's just as property .
Three and a half billion dollars was the net worth , roughly , of slaves in 1860 .
In today 's dollars that would be approximately seventy - five billion dollars .
In 1860 slaves as an asset were worth more than all of America 's manufacturing , all of the railroads , all of the productive capacity of the United States put together .
Slaves were the single largest , by far , financial asset of property in the entire American economy .
The only thing worth more than the slaves in the American economy of the 1850s was the land itself , and no one can really put a dollar value on all of the land of North America .
These were the kind of forces at work in his world , and I 'm not convinced we have the intrinsic right to expect someone like Lee to oppose them .
Likewise , I may think that it was sinister for people who " looked like me " to sell me into slavery , but that presumes an expectation of racial unity which almost certainly did n't exist at the time .
Again , it summons the dead to do the work that I would shy away from .
I think this boils down to the problem of nationalism , and where we find our heroes .
It is n't like Southerners are devoid of people who were courageous in all aspects .
There 's the great Virginian patriot George Henry Robert Thomas , who goes from slave - master in waiting , to leading black troops in brilliant military campaigns in Tennessee , and in his last days defends the rights of freedman .
There 's Elizabeth Van Lew , who emancipated all her slaves before the War , and used them as part of a Union spy network in Richmond , the Confederate capitol .
There 's " The Boat - Thief " Robert Smalls , a slave who stole Confederate transport steamer , filled with armaments , and sailed it to Union lines .
There 's Andre Callioux , a manumitted slave turned Union soldier , martyred at Port Hudson in a kamikaze - like charge on the Confederate works .
And a century later , there 's Martin Luther King , arguably the modern founding father of this America .
He was a product of The South , and his moral judgement did n't end at the Mason - Dixon line .
Finally , there 's the question of how we claim ancestors , a question that is more philosophical than biological .
Africa , and African - America , means something to me because I claim it as such -- but I claim much more .
I claim Fitzgerald , whatever he thought of me , because I see myself in Gatsby .
I claim Steinbeck because , whether he likes it or not , I am an Okie .
I claim Blake because " London " feels like the hood to me .
And I claim them right alongside Lucille Clifton , James Baldwin and Ralph Wiley , who had it so right when he parried Saul Bellow .
The dead , and the work they leave --- the good and bad -- is the work of humanity and thus says something of us all .
And in that manner , I must be humble and claim some of Lee , Jackson , and Forrest .
What might I have been in another skin , in another country , in another time ?
We remain very skeptical that Microsoft 's Bing will be a long - term success .
Although Bing has some nice features , we do n't think they 're enough to get people to stop using Google and start using Bing .
The current search experience is n't broken , and Google should be able to quickly copy any innovations
Bing does roll out , thus allowing it to preserve its market share .
That said , Bing has gained about a point and a half of share since June , prompting some Microsoft fans to ask us when we plan to admit we 're wrong .
Our answer :
When Bing 's share has risen to the low teens on organic share gains .
What does that mean ?
It means that we wo n't view Bing 's gains as meaningful or important until Microsoft demonstrates that Bing is growing organically , through people switching search engines , without buying market share through toolbar partnerships and other distribution deals .
Why does n't growth from distribution deals count ?
Because anyone can buy market share .
If we had billions of dollars to blow on distribution deals , the Business Insider could gain a few percentage points of search market share , too .
But that would n't mean we had a sustainable , profitable search business with a bright future .
According to TMT Analyst , Comscore data suggests that all of Bing 's modest share gains thus far have come from toolbar distribution deals , not organic growth .
If this is accurate , even the small increase thus far is n't really good news .
It appears that Bing ’s share gains could be largely due to its OEM distribution relationships with HP , Dell , and Lenovo , rather than users making a conscious decision to shift from Yahoo , Google , and other search engines .
Combined , the above three computer manufacturers have more than 50 % market share in the U.S. and PC sales have been increasing over the past few months .
As PC sales increase , due in part to Windows 7 , then Bing ’s share should also increase .
A quick look at Microsoft ’s share of toolbar searches verifies this : Microsoft ’s April 09 toolbar search market share was 2.4 % , according to comScore , while in October 09 , it more than doubled to 5.5 % .
Overall industry toolbar searches have remained steady as a percent of total searches .
At the same time , Microsoft ’s domestic search share increased from 8.2 % in April to 9.9 % in October .
There you have it .
Read more TMT Analyst here >
SYDNEY —
For most economists , losing a public bet about the direction of the economy might result in a wounded ego .
For Steve Keen , it also carried a physical price .
On Thursday , Mr. Keen was to start hiking 225 kilometers , or 140 miles , from Australia ’s capital to the top of its highest peak , Mount Kosciuszko , after losing a wager with a rival economist about the future of home prices here .
In November 2008 , at the height of the global financial crisis , Mr. Keen , an associate professor of economics and finance at the University of Western Sydney , predicted that prices would plunge by 40 percent from record highs earlier that year .
Australia has one of the world ’s highest rates of household debt , and Mr. Keen argued that the country would soon follow the United States and Britain into a downward spiral of defaults and foreclosures .
But even as he was making his dire forecast , housing prices were starting to turn around .
He has been called the " Arab Schindler " , and hailed as a man who risked his own life to save Jews during the Holocaust .
Now Khaled Abdul - Wahab , a wealthy Tunisian landowner , is the object of a campaign to bestow on him the title of " righteous among the nations " , the recognition by Israel for gentiles who helped to rescue Jews from the Nazis .
To coincide with Holocaust Memorial Day , the US television station PBS will air a documentary this week in its series Among the Righteous : Lost Stories from the Holocaust in Arab Lands , which will detail the case for Abdul - Wahab and speculate that there are other cases of Arabs who helped their Jewish neighbours during the second world war .
The documentary is based on a book by Robert Satloff , a Jewish historian and executive director of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy .
Satloff said he hoped Abdul - Wahab 's case would be looked at in a new light .
Three years ago the " righteous among the nations " case for him was turned down by Yad Vashem , the body that rules on candidates .
" I am certainly hopeful that the documentary puts the spotlight back on the story of Abdul - Wahab and also other Arab rescuers , " Satloff told the Observer .
" I am hopeful that the powers - that - be will be prepared to take another look at this case .
I think the evidence is compelling . "
Satloff believes Abdul - Wahab 's actions deserve to put him into the same category as Oskar Schindler , the German industrialist made famous by Steven Spielberg 's film Schindler 's List .
But he also believes that his inclusion would be more significant .
Among the 20,000 accepted names at the Yad Vashem memorial , there are many different nationalities .
There are already more than 60 Muslims , mostly Albanians and Bosnians .
Abdul - Wahab would be the first Arab .
Satloff thinks that acceptance of Abdul - Wahab 's case would be a powerful force for improving Arab - Israeli relations .
He believes it would show Israelis and other Jews that there had been a time when Arabs had helped Jewish people .
" There is a difficulty among some people in accepting the idea that Arabs may have helped Jews , " Satloff said .
At the same time , it would do much to combat widespread antisemitism .
" It would show some Arabs that they were willing to help their Jewish neighbours , " he said , adding that he had discovered cases where Arab families tried to cover up the fact that their relatives had helped Jews to escape Nazi persecution .
Satloff has uncovered numerous incidents .
In Algeria , French colonial officials offered the chance to take over confiscated Jewish property and not a single Arab participated , though many French people did .
In Algiers , Muslim clerics spoke out against the scheme .
Satloff discovered Abdul - Wahab 's story as he was researching his book .
He had posted a message on a website popular with Tunisian Jews , who were now dispersed all over the world .
He received a response from an old woman called Anny Boukris , now living in America , who remembered how her family had been saved by Abdul - Wahab .
" The Arabs saved many Jews .
I do n't know very well these stories .
I remember very well only our story , " she wrote .
That story , which Satloff slowly uncovered , was Abdul - Wahab's .
It began in November 1942 after German and Italian troops occupied Tunisia , which was home to 100,000 Jews .
Jews were forced to wear yellow stars and more than 5,000 were sent to forced labour camps , where at least 46 died .
Abdul - Wahab , a well - to - do farmer and son of an eminent Tunisian historian and writer , sheltered 24 people from two Jewish families on his farm after he overheard a Nazi officer planning to rape one of the women , Boukris 's mother .
He shielded them from harm by keeping them on his estate .
He even intervened when a drunken German soldier threatened to kill one of the girls , shouting : " I know that you are Jews and I am going to kill you tonight ! "
Like Schindler in occupied Poland , Abdul - Wahab protected those under his charge by remaining close to the German occupiers , often wining and dining them at parties .
The crisis finally ended when the Allies liberated the country four months later .
Abdul - Wahab , who died in 1997 , has been honoured by numerous Jewish groups , including the Simon Wiesenthal Centre .
Yet the story of Arabs , Jews and Nazis in North Africa remains an ignored but important chapter in the Holocaust 's history .
Satloff believes that only by confronting the historic truth – that Arabs helped Jews as much ( or as little ) as anyone else – can some of the problems of the present be tempered .
" The truth will come out , " he said .
" There is enough dividing Arabs and Israelis already without this historic baggage . "
Rick Hillegas ( one of the original developers of Apache Derby ) will share his thoughts on Java DB ( a.k.a. Apache Derby ) , a free , pure Java relational database , which is co-bundled in the Java 6 JDK .
Rock - solid and feature - rich , Java DB nevertheless fits in a 2.5 M jar file .
Rick ’s talk will cover Java DB ’s history , capabilities , community , and popular use cases .
We are looking for people to help test this update .
If you want to test the updated packages be sure to your put your results on the wiki page listed below .
On April 15 , a major memory leak was introduced into the X.org server which causes the computer to get slower and slower over some hours , and finally becoming totally sluggish .
This is tracked in https://launchpad.net/bugs/565981 .
Thanks to the tireless investigations of Robert Hooker and Tormod Volden , this was tracked down to a recently added patch which fixed some crashes intoduced by the GLX 1.4 enablement patches .
A first attempt to fixing the memory problem was n't successful unfortunately , and is n't easy .
The safest solution right now is to roll back all three patches .
This will fix both the memory leak and thus the performance problem , as well as avoid the X crashes which were introduced by the GLX 1.4 enabling .
While we had this combination before , we have n't tested it with the current lucid userspace , and thus we need some extensive tests on various hardware to get more data about it .
We set up a wiki page to explain how to install the proposed packages and for adding feedback :
https://wiki.ubuntu.com/X/Testing/GEMLeak
On Friday we will check how much and which kind of feedback we got , and depending on that will decide about the risk of putting it into Lucid final , or doing an early SRU .
( We need testing feedback in either case , of course ) .
Thank you in advance for helping with testing !
Check here for more updates
Bug reported here
Sponsored Link
Related posts
That was eons ago , before most people were concerned about the possible evils of corn - syrup - spiked peanut butter .
To make the soup , they used gobs of it .
We sucked it down as if it were a steaming peanut - butter shake , oddly tasty but slightly unsettling .
Then they never made it again .
My hope was that tahini , an unsweetened sesame seed butter , would give me a soup as voluptuous as that peanut butter endeavor , without being cloying  especially if I added enough garlic , coriander and lemon , for an assertive , hummus - like edge , and carrots , for a delicate sweetness .
Tahini is not forcefully emulsified like most popular peanut butters , and I did worry that it would break when heated , leaving me with an oil - slicked mess .
What I needed was reassurance , preferably in the form of a trustworthy tahini soup recipe on which I could base mine .
I figured that one of my authoritative Middle Eastern cookbooks would surely have something , but not so .
Then I searched online for “ tahini soup , ” and a whole universe of possibilities opened up  most of them vegan ( a cuisine far more exotic to me than either Middle Eastern or African ) .
This made sense .
Nut and seed butters add a creamy albeit dairy - less body to soups .
And separating tahini did n’t seem to be an issue .
So , I made a simple carrot soup with loads of garlic and lemon for punch , and then puréed in some tahini at the end .
We know we know , but this is actually pretty decent .
It wo n't induce the same media frenzy as The Grey Album but that probably should n't have caused that media frenzy in the first place , just sayin .
Some fellow named Tom Caruana took Wu-cappelas from various group and solo albums and put them over new productions made vaguely from Beatles samples and Beatles covers samples and some shit that could n't possibly be Beatles samples but must be .
Thankfully , his pilfering of Liverpool 's finest is barely recognizable , except for Ghost 's " Mighty Healthy " which is now Pretty Toney rapping directly over Paul 's singing ( kind of awesome ) and dirty skank .
If anything , Caruana holds pretty true to RZA and co.'s original mood , if not making Shaolin sound a whole helluva lot more awesome than it actually is .
UPDATE : If you do n't know who The Beatles are , here are some helpful charts .
Download : Wu - Tang vs The Beatles : Enter The Magical Mystery Chamber
“ We are just crawling out of a recession , ” said Sam Massell , a former mayor of Atlanta , “ but we will be knocked back into another one if the salespersons are not behind the store counters , if the restaurant workers are not in the kitchens , if the office staff are not behind their desks . ”
About 46 percent of the more than 100,000 people who use Marta to get to work each day say they do not have access to other forms of transportation .
More than 80 percent of the nation ’s transit systems are considering or have recently enacted fare increases or service cuts , including those in Kansas City , Mo. , Los Angeles , New York and Washington , D.C. , according to a survey released this month by the American Public Transportation Association .
But Marta , the ninth - largest system in the country , faces a particular difficulty because it is the only major system that does not receive any dedicated money from the state .
Instead , it depends on fares and a one - cent sales tax in only two of metro Atlanta ’s 28 counties , Fulton and DeKalb .
While Atlanta chokes on traffic , Georgia ranks 49th in per capita government spending on transportation , according to a report commissioned by Gov. Sonny Perdue .
The agency has requested one significant change in its spending rules that would not require any new state money : a release from a requirement that half of Marta ’s sales tax revenues be set aside for capital projects .
Though the agency ranks very high in efficiency measures , lawmakers seem to think its distress was caused by more than the recession .
Much of the focus on government debt over the past few years has revolved around the federal government .
No doubt , this is a stunningly large amount .
Yet the government has the ability to finance this debt through the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve with a buffet of choices .
You have direct bailouts to Wall Street , quantitative easing , and systematically dismantling the U.S. dollar .
But one issue that is rising to the top is that of state and local government debt .
States do not have the ability to print money at the whim of any central banker .
And the state and local government debt market is up to a whopping $ 2.3 trillion .
At this point , trillion is the new billion .
Let us examine the growth of this debt over the last forty years :
The growth in local government debt has exploded since the 1970s .
We went from $ 295 billion in 1968 to $ 2.3 trillion today .
But as Greece is demonstrating , there is such a thing as having too much debt and at a certain point the markets no longer have an appetite for so much borrowing .
Average Americans probably have a hard time examining the large numbers being thrown around .
Yet state and local governments are now finding a hard time balancing their budgets .
In many cases , the ability to balance their budget goes in direct conflict with paying out pension distributions .
Or in many cases states need to raise taxes or cut services .
Wall Street enjoys exploiting this fact because they actually loot the public sufficiently with golden parachutes and ridiculous bonuses that they never need any sort of pension .
Yet the truth is , many of the gold plated pensions are just another side of the Wall Street mentality coin .
That coin relies on having others pay for your bailout or extended retirement .
Now Wall Street has implemented the biggest transfer of wealth in history with the $ 13 trillion in bailouts and backstops .
But many pension funds also bought into what Wall Street was pushing .
Let us examine the California state pension systems .
California Pensions – $ 500 Billion Underfunded
The Stanford Institute for Economic Policy Research issued a stunning report on the three largest pension systems in California .
The report was titled Going for Broke and what we find is a rather daunting mountain that California has to climb if it seeks to remedy their pension system .
Let us look at the three largest systems :
In total these cover 2.6 million of California state workers .
These are CalPERS ( the largest ) , CalSTRS , and UCRS .
But if you look at the funds performance through the crisis , all of the funds saw 23 to 25 percent declines .
These declines only exacerbate the shortfall of the system .
The odds of shortfalls are virtually assured for all systems .
We are now entering a stage where many workers will be retiring and drawing into the system .
Expectations for deficits are large :
Part of this stems from the notion that markets will always return a standard rate .
As we have seen with the massive market volatility , markets are largely unpredictable especially when they become casinos for the wealthy .
As the report finds , these funds do not have the flexibility required in an unpredictable market :
“ A public employee ’s pension constitutes an element of compensation , and a vested contractual right to pension benefits accrues upon acceptance of employment .
Such a pension right may not be destroyed , once vested , without impairing a contractual obligation of the employing public entity . ”
It becomes a matter of law to pay even if the economy has rendered a new reality .
As Greece is showing , having very early retirement rates with generous packages is not supportable with a younger generation that is n’t having larger families .
The math does n’t work but good luck changing that .
Some will argue that people contribute into these systems .
This is true but not anywhere to cover the actual payout over time :
In other words , there is a shortfall of coverage and a market decline only pushes the problem to the surface for all to see :
“ As mentioned earlier , the pressing nature of California pension shortfalls is due in part to the losses CalPERS , CalSTRS , and UCRS sustained in the mar­kets over the past 18 months .
CalPERS expects an average annual investment return of 7.75 percent , CalSTRS targets 8.00 percent , and UCRS expects 7.50 percent . ”
Those expected rates of return are simply too optimistic .
These funds are expecting 7.5 to 8 percent annual returns in a market that is giving 0 percent rates to savings accounts and 4 percent for 30 year fixed government debt .
Instead of realigning to this low yield environment fund managers went all in to the market and gambled on Wall Street :
It is amazing that many fund managers look at the above as “ safe ” but it is anything but safe if you are losing 23 percent .
Part of the bets were flat out risky :
“ ( LA Times ) SACRAMENTO —
The value of residential real estate investments owned by the country ’s largest public pension fund has plummeted 35 % — a paper loss of $ 3.3 billion for current workers , retirees and their state and local government employers .
The California Public Employees ’ Retirement System reported Wednesday that in the year ended June 30 its real estate portfolio declined to $ 6.08 billion from $ 9.36 billion , based on 461 independent appraisals of its investments in 288,000 housing units across the country . ”
Housing , both residential and commercial has not recovered .
So these losses are still likely part of the funds new reality .
The massive rise in equities probably has helped but it is a long way from that 7.5 to 8 percent annual return :
Past performance is no indication of future returns especially when more and more retirees are going to draw from the system :
“ In 1999 California passed Senate Bill 400 ( SB400 ) , substantially raising benefit factors and lowering retirement ages for public employees ( see Table 3 ) .
Based on a National Institute on Retirement Security report , average monthly public pension benefits in California were $ 2,008 in 2006 , the eighth highest nationwide . ”
Now that $ 2,008 monthly benefit does not factor in additional healthcare benefits which cost a lot and are also provided .
Just do the quick math , let us assume someone retires at 55 and lives to 85 and receives that $ 2,008 monthly benefit :
$ 2,008 x 12 = $ 48,000 $ 24,096 x 30 = $ 722,880 in total paid out
We are also assuming no COLA adjustments which some of these plans have .
We are n’t adding the added healthcare cost which an older retiree will be using up .
Something tells me that a state worker did not even come close to putting in $ 722,880 over their working career .
And you wonder why these pension funds combined are projected to have a $ 500 billion shortfall ?
And good luck if the stock market turns lower or simply remains stagnant for years .
California is only one example of many .
The paper lays out a few suggestions including higher contributions , a hybrid 401k / 403 b system , and safer investments but also a tiered system .
In reality , Wall Street has not wanted to deal with reality and has used the taxpayer as a bailout for their wealth protection .
Now that taxes are being talked about including a value added tax ( VAT ) people are getting angry .
You did n’t think bailing out Wall Street was free ?
The same reality will hit the state pension systems .
Younger workers are going to enter a tiered system where they have to pay out more with no future guarantee while they watch older workers take on funds that they will never see .
I ’m sure that is politically going to go over well .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
The silver amoeba shape in the lower right is the still - growing slick of oil spilling from a damaged Gulf of Mexico well at the rate of 42,000 gallons per day .
The spidery green and brown patch just to the left of the oil spill is the Delta National Wildlife Refuge .
This photo was taken Sunday by NASA .
Yesterday , officials told the Wall Street Journal that the oil spill is expected to reach land this Saturday , May 1 .
Clean - up crews are already gathering at multiple spots along the Gulf coast from Louisiana to Florida .
Meanwhile , BP technicians are using underwater robots to try and stem the flow .
Google Docs is n't the only Google product benefitting from acquisitions lately .
It looks as if Google Goggles ( and perhaps eventually Google 's search ) will soon integrate the capabilities of Plink , a visual search engine that identifies user - snapped photos of artwork .
Plink has only been available to the public for four months , but it 's clear that its capabilities line up with Google 's goal for Goggles .
Google Goggles is a project ( integrated into an Android app ) that inputs user - uploaded photos of all manner of things — from landmarks to books to wine bottles and more — and identifies them along with more information .
This includes the name of the object or product , applicable prices , and various search results associated with those pieces .
Goggles already has an " Artwork " category , but Plink 's technology will undoubtedly help improve Google 's visual search offerings across the board .
" We ’re looking forward to helping the Goggles team build a visual search engine that works not just for paintings or book covers , but for everything you see around you , " reads a post on Plink 's blog .
Plink already offers an application on the Android Market and claims that the current app will continue to work , but that future development efforts will go towards Goggles .
This is likely just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Google 's buying spree , too .
Google CEO Eric Schmidt said in September that the company hopes to acquire one small company per month in the aftermath of the recession .
The Plink acquisition — Google 's first in the UK — represents one in a string of many that will continue to be announced in the coming months .
We hope that some of Google 's plans for Plink ( and Goggles ) will involve spreading the love to its
Web search engine and other , non-Android devices .
The species of python was not named Police in South Carolina have arrested a man who allegedly assaulted another guest at a motel with a four - ft ( 1.2 m ) python after a row over loud music .
The alleged victim , who was not badly injured , told police he had complained about music coming from the other man 's room and they had had a row .
Hours later , the man came up to him from behind , tapped his shoulder and thrust the snake in his face , he said .
He was so shaken , he added , that he had to take a three - hour shower afterwards .
Tony Smith , 29 , was charged with assault and battery after the altercation , police in Rock Hill said .
The Rock Hill police incident report lists the type of weapon used in the alleged assault on Jeffery Culp , 47 , as " other " .
' I do n't do snakes '
Mr Culp was quoted by the local Herald newspaper as saying he had a fear of snakes and had told his attacker about it earlier in his stay at the motel , where he has been awaiting housing .
" He was out there running up and down the sidewalk with it , " Mr Culp said .
" I told him I do n't do snakes .
I 'm deathly afraid of them . "
He said he had asked Mr Smith to turn his music down about nine in the evening as he had to get up for work the next day .
Mr Smith was , at the time , " with others racing down the hallway in chairs " , Mr Culp added .
A couple of hours after the two exchanged words , Mr Culp went outside for a smoke with his wife and a neighbour when , he says , Mr Smith tapped him on the shoulder .
" And he said , ' Here look at this ! ' , " Mr Culp said .
" He had the snake 's head squeezed so its mouth was open .
He ran it across my face and it tried to crawl in my mouth . "
The snake grabbed him on the upper lip , and he has a few scratches from the encounter but Mr Culp said he did not need medical treatment .
Mr Smith was arrested and charged with assault and battery .
He handed over his snake to family members before his arrest .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Since man first learned to mark his body , mankind has taken place in contest to find the most bitchin’ tattoo possible and scar themselves with it for the rest of us to see and envy .
Others , however , seem to have gotten lost along the way .
They ’ve hunted high and low and , finding nothing , have settled for absolutely anything without realizing that they ’re settling for crap .
As a service to you , the dear WeirdWorm reader , here ’s a crash course on tattoos you should avoid if you enjoy living a life unburdened by shame .
1 .
Video Game Tattoos
Some of us like video games .
Some of us like them a little too much .
You may not know this yet , you hip 20 - to - 30 something , tech savvy target demographic , but there will ( hopefully ) come a time in your life when you stop caring for video games as much as you do and you ( hopefully ) learn to be a productive member of society .
Knowing this , why would you choose to show your fondness for Duck Hunt by searing your flesh with its visage ?
Link
Here ’s a prime example of a terrible idea that can only get worse .
The subject in this case has given people a reason to punch them in the throat and an awesome catchphrase to shout while they do so .
Maybe that was his intention , and I ’d think that were brilliant if I were n’t so busy trying to Google this guy ’s address for the previously mentioned throat - punching .
Link
For our second example , a young lady has chosen to cover her body with , among many other things , a Pac - Man board .
And while some people may no doubt find that appealing ( hey man , that ’s just your scene ) , what she does n’t realize is that once she reaches middle age , the cruel specter of time will make this look like a melting Pollock painting ( which , I imagine , is a unique and messy fetish on its own ) .
Still , it ’s good to see that someone willing to tattoo themselves with something that will most likely stop being relevant during their lifetime has the foresight to hide their nipples from when taking photographs of the mistake they made .
That ’s just classy .
Link
Finally , it was probably this woman ’s intention to gain attention to grab as much attention as possible when she had this done .
It probably was n’t her intention to give all the creepy , bearded guys crawling her Wal - Mart ’s electronics center something to think about while the lie in bed every night for the rest of their lives .
2 .
Faces
The human being is a fairly complicated thing to reproduce with art .
There are entire schools devoted to teaching the craft , compounding centuries of studies into a few years of nude models and awkward erections .
It ’s a bit foolish ( and dangerous ) to expect a gentleman with a burning needle to be able to give you satisfactory results , but dammit , people dare to live the dream .
Link
I ’m actually pretty hesitant to make fun of this , given that the memorial text above it .
But every time they look at that tattoo , they ’re going to remember that poor woman as what would appear to be an angry burn - victim zombie .
That ’s just sad .
On the “ it ’s okay to make fun of ” side of things , here ’s what happens when 90s alternative rock meets terrible decisions :
Link
That ’s Adam Duritz , the frontman for Counting Crows .
Or rather , that ’s Adam Duritz , the frontman for Counting Crows and five time Omaha Bageldog Eating champion .
I ’m willing to bet it takes quite a few lies to explain why there ’s a fat man on your back and why his scalp is being devoured by a spider .
3 .
Tattoos on Faces
Since we ’re talking about faces , let ’s chat about yours , faceless internet .
The face is a vital part of the human form because it allows us to identify one another without having to shout one ’s name or otherwise put any effort into actively seeking someone out .
It ’s also something that the rest of us get to look at ( unless you ’re a career criminal , in which case your work uniform requires you to wear a ski mask , or if “ the rest of us ” consists of Ray Charles , which would be odd because he ’s supposed to be blind and also dead ) .
Link
I know it ’s impossible to tell someone ’s intentions in getting a specific tattoo , but this is the exception to the rule .
This guy either a ) wanted to pay an eternal tribute to the great gentleman ’s game chess , or b ) ensure that he could never , ever be employed again with any job that requires an interview or
Link
Now I ’m not what you would call a sports fan , but I do know that the Raiders play the good version of football .
I also know that it ’s common for sports fans to paint their faces in support of their team .
So , by getting his face forever scarred in favor of these “ Raiders , ” this guy is like the Christ figure of sports fans .
Sadly , the Raiders have n’t won a Superbowl since 1983 , so clearly the enthusiasm his face is expressing is n’t enough .
4 .
Full Body Tattoos
Full body tattoos are an interesting concept .
They cost thousands of dollars and , if you ’re a member of decent society , most people wo n’t be able to them because members of decent society enjoy wearing clothes .
Still , if you ’re going to go , you might as well go big .
Link
That ’s Tom Leppard and I ’m not about to make fun of a man who has taken several steps towards actually becoming a jungle cat .
Seriously , if you saw this coming towards you on the street , would your first reaction be to laugh ?
Maybe , but it ’ll be the last time you laugh before he summons the leap to maul you like a gazelle .
Moving on .
Link
Here we go .
In this image , Ernest Hemingway puts on about three - hundred pounds and also loses his pants .
You can tell he did n’t really think this through because he ’s never going to get to show this thing off in public , unless of course he walks around without a shirt , in which case you ca n’t finish reading this article because the mere suggestion of such a thing has driven you blind .
5 .
Portraying Some Sort of Persona
Some people go through great lengths to present themselves as someone else .
I do n’t mean that in the usual “ serial killer who turns fat ladies into house coats ” sort of way , but rather they create a secondary persona to hide their primary , often sucky personality .
There ’s nothing wrong with that .
Hell , lots of people do it : professional wrestlers , super heroes , super villains and G.I .
Joes all create a facade to make themselves seem much more interesting .
Link
Mr. Cool ICE ( emphasis his ) takes the persona thing to an entirely different level so high above anyone else that I ’m pretty sure he ’s the only one occupying it .
Let ’s try to analyze everything this tattoo tries to say :
Mr. Cool ICE – “ I ’m a bad ass of such an extreme nature that my coldness can only be described with polite mannerisms and capital letters . ”
Skull with cool shades – “ I ’m dark , yet relaxed , like if Charlie Manson were a lounge musician . ”
Of course , something this perplexing would carry over to the back :
Link
More skulls with skull with cool shades : “ I ’m dark , yet relaxed , and feel compelled to inform everyone this regardless of where they are standing in relation to me . ”
Shades on the back of head – Actually , can I get some conformation that that ’s supposed to be a pair of shades ?
Because it kind of looks like a bow tie .
Uh , “ I also enjoy formal dress , ” I suppose ?
Written by NN – Copyrighted © www.weirdworm.com
Atlanta , Georgia ( CNN ) -- Dean Melcher was the kind of guy who befriended girls easier than boys .
He was a tad shy , consistently thoughtful and surrounded by women , but he still could n't get a girlfriend .
" I think I was kind of clueless and oblivious , " admits Melcher , who spent his early 20s lingering in the friend zone .
" Women wanted the bad boys . "
Everyone probably knows a Mr. Nice Guy like Melcher , who is now 46 .
He 's the guy who patiently listens to a girl complain without interrupting her .
Because of his sweet nature , he puts the girl 's demands first , altering his weekend plans to fit her schedule .
He may be uneasy about making a decision for fear of being domineering .
But after all his diligent efforts to be a gentleman , she turns him down , and he is left to wonder :
Do nice guys finish last ?
" Girls might say they want a nice guy , but what they really want is the cool guy , " said Arthur Malov , founder of New York Dating Coach , a relationship consulting agency with primarily male clients .
" A jerk is rarely so bad that no one wants to hook up with him . "
Now , some single guys are taking steps to avoid being lumped into the nice guy category .
Malov 's agency , which coaches single men from all over the U.S. and as far away as Japan and Norway , instructs clients to steer away from the polished , predictable image .
The dating coach tells men to stop being so available and flexible .
He advises the men to leave a little mystery because women , despite what they say , do desire the chase .
Malov says the nice - guy persona is the No. 1 problem cited by his male clients , and he explains why , using the game of poker .
" A lot of nice guys are showing all his cards and saying , ' What should I do ? ' " he says .
" After that , nothing happens . "
The Modern Man , a company based in Australia that provides dating advice , suggests a similar anti-nice guy solution : Stop wasting money on expensive dates , and do n't always cater to her needs first .
" Realize that women do n't want you to hand over your power by being a Mr. Nice Guy in return for their affection , love and attention , " said Dan Macon , who runs The Modern Man .
" Sure , women want you to show them respect and love , but they also want you to be a man and take charge .
If you can't do that , women wo n't want to be with you . "
Neil Strauss , author of the " The Game , " a best - seller that explores ways for men to pick up women , once found himself in the Mr. Nice Guy category .
He was friends with a girl he liked .
He was painting her walls one time when she left to go on a date with another guy .
Strauss quickly figured out that women desire someone who is kind but also has a backbone and is confident .
" The dichotomy is n't between good guys or bad guys , " he explained .
" It 's between weak guys and strong guys . "
Being a nice guy has always backfired in relationships , says 21 - year - old David , a University of Connecticut student who declined to give his last name .
He said he used to put women on a pedestal -- giving them thoughtful gifts and taking them out to fancy dinners .
But he stopped doing those things over the last two months and made himself less available .
He 's not trying to be cocky or mean to women , but his new attitude is getting him more dates .
" I 'm starting to think : What should someone offer me ? " he said .
Robert Glover , author of the 2003 book " No More Mr. Nice Guy , " says the nice guy personality is usually developed at a young age and is probably shaped by the guy 's parents .
For example , he found some men with the nice guy persona were heavily influenced by their mothers .
Other men were trying to avoid a macho - male personality or philandering behavior displayed by the father .
As a licensed counselor in Washington , he 's listened to many men groan about being in the nice guy rut .
Glover said that nice guys , like himself , were often nonconfrontational and constantly seeking approval -- both destructive behaviors in a relationship .
Being too nice landed him in divorce court .
" In general , women like the tension , or they will lose interest quickly , " he said .
This nice guy backlash may sound unpleasant , but some men blame women who disregard the nice guy as an option .
Some women interviewed say they equate a nice guy with being a boring guy .
Others used words like " marshmallow , " " doormat " and even " creeper . "
Academic studies have reaffirmed that women prefer the bad boy archetype over the nice guy .
A 2008 study at New Mexico State University in Las Cruces examined how college students perceived " dark " traits such as thrill - seeking behavior , deceitfulness and narcissism .
The study found the female students preferred the males with these traits .
In her seven years of dating coach experience , Lisa Shield of Los Angeles , California , discovered that a majority of female clients prefer a man with edge who draws boundaries .
Her clients reject nice guys as too malleable .
" I find that when the guy is sweet and polite , I tend to become the more masculine of the two of us , " said 39 - year - old Lisa Lyons of California .
" It throws the balance off . "
Despite this attitude , some dating coaches say that women should keep an open mind .
The negative stereotypes of a nice guy are n't always true ; the men are n't always timid or easy pushovers .
While the nice guys may not be as forward or loud , their selfless personality can be valuable to a lasting relationship , they say .
Being Mr. Nice Guy worked to Melcher 's advantage when he met his future wife when he was 23 .
She strolled into the bank where he worked one day , and he seemed nice , so she asked him out to coffee that day -- a date that would evolve into a successful marriage .
Sometimes , all it takes is for the girl to give the nice guy a chance .
The latest Marvel movie rumor is almost too good to be true : Joss Whedon 's the leading contender to direct The Avengers , and it's not an April Fools joke .
Meanwhile , another rumor , about trouble on the Thor set , is already busted .
Advertisement
IESB is claiming that Joss Whedon is at the top of the list of candidates to direct The Avengers .
Would the auteur - ish Whedon be willing to step back into the world of corporate - owned media properties , with all the micro-managing that goes with it ?
Maybe , if he gets to play with some of the biggest toys in the superhero world , and get his name on what 's likely to be a huge hit movie .
Here 's hoping , anyway .
IESB is insisting this is " NOT AN APRIL FOOL'S DAY JOKE . "
( Unlike their " Hugh Laurie is J. Jonah Jameson " thing , which apparently is . )
According to Chris Hemsworth ( Thor ) , The Avengers is due to start shooting in January or February of 2011 , for a 2012 release date .
Advertisement
Meanwhile , the New York Daily News reported that Anthony Hopkins has been acting like a " divo " on the set of Thor , where he 's playing Odin .
Allegedly , Hopkins is not bothering to hide his disapproval of newbie Chris Hemsworth 's acting — even though Hemsworth was amazing in Star Trek — and of Kenneth Branagh 's directing .
An anonymous source told the paper :
Anthony keeps complaining that they 're shooting too many scenes inside the L.A. studio and not enough on location , " says the source , adding that the film , which is slated for release next year , has so many special effects that the cast is often in a studio against a green screen .
He is n't used to this kind of work , and his pessimism is really starting to wear everyone down .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Also , the Daily News source claimed it 's been a difficult shoot , which has stretched from four weeks to six .
( Which does n't seem that long , all things considered . )
But Gossip Cop talked to a Marvel rep , who called the Daily News story " 100 percent false , " and also contacted Hopkins ' wife , Stella , who called it a " horrific , vile lie " and said they would be talking to their lawyers .
[ via Comic Book Movie ]
ERIC RIES and Steven Blank think they have a better way to build a start - up , one that takes less time and money to try new ideas and find paying customers .
They are leading proponents of the “ lean start - up ” — a fresh approach to creating companies that has attracted much attention in the last year or so among Silicon Valley entrepreneurs , technologists and investors .
The concept is gaining a following beyond the Valley as well .
“ If it works , it will reduce failure rates for entrepreneurial ventures and boost innovation , ” says Thomas R. Eisenmann , a professor at the Harvard Business School .
“ That ’s a big deal for the economy . ”
The term “ lean start - up ” was coined by Mr. Ries , 31 , an engineer , entrepreneur and blogger .
His inspiration , he says , was the lean manufacturing process , fine - tuned in Japanese factories decades ago and focused on eliminating any work or investment that does n’t produce value for customers .
“ This is lean manufacturing for start - ups , ” explains Mr. Blank , 56 , a serial entrepreneur .
Since 1978 , he has been a founder or early employee in eight start - ups , both winners and losers .
To cite a couple , Rocket Science Games , a once - promising video game maker , founded in 1993 , cratered amid losses a few years later , while Epiphany , a business software company , founded in 1997 , was acquired by a larger corporation for $ 329 million in 2005 — “ one my grandchildren will be grateful for , ” Mr. Blank notes .
Most Americans still oppose legalising marijuana , but many believe pot has medical benefits and the government should allow its use for that purpose
Credit : REUTERS
After a week that brought a rare show of mass dissent in Russia , Prime Minister Vladimir V. Putin on Friday warned the members of United Russia , the party he leads , that they must win back the loyalty of the people .
“ You can ’t , of course , promise everything to everyone right away , ” he said .
“ You cannot turn into ‘ Mr. Promises , ’ who makes promises just to pull the wool over people ’s eyes , to break into positions of power , and then goes about solving his own personal problems without thinking about fulfilling your promises . ”
Mr. Putin ’s remarks came a week after an antigovernment rally in Kaliningrad drew 6,000 to 10,000 people , the largest turnout Russia has seen in years .
He told party members that it was “ completely obvious , and right , that citizens turn to us with complaints about various aspects of our activities , ” and instructed them to pay close attention to those complaints .
Washington ( CNN ) --
Congress appeared headed for a major partisan showdown over financial regulation reform , with Senate Republicans reiterating their opposition Sunday to a bill that Democrats say will prevent another Wall Street meltdown like the one that precipitated the U.S. recession .
While some officials hinted that behind - the - scenes talks could yield a deal , the rhetoric signaled deep divisions between Republicans and Democrats intended to score political points as the campaign season approaches for mid-term congressional elections in November .
The House has passed its version of a finance reform bill , and now Democrats seek to bring a Senate version up for chamber debate this week .
The Senate bill , approved by Democrats on the Senate Banking Committee , would set up new regulatory oversight of financial industry practices .
Sen .
Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the chamber 's top- ranking Republican , told CNN's " State of the Union " that the Democratic bill would continue the Obama administration 's intervention in formerly private industries .
He called for renegotiating the measure instead of bringing it to the Senate floor .
" I think we need to get back to the table and get it fixed , " McConnell said .
" We want to make sure that we do n't set up a system whereby we empower the government to continue doing what they 've been doing . "
Other Republicans expressed similar reservations Sunday , with the newest member of the chamber , Massachusetts Sen.
Scott Brown , telling the CBS program " Face the Nation " he would join a filibuster of the bill as it is written now .
Sen . John McCain , R - Arizona , also said he opposed the bill , but added on " FOX News Sunday " he thought a deal was possible .
President Obama and Democratic leaders reject the Republican characterization of the bill , saying the measure actually will prevent future taxpayer bailouts of failing banks .
On Saturday , Obama said in his weekly Internet and radio address that McConnell was spreading misinformation .
McConnell " made the cynical and deceptive assertion that reform would somehow enable future bailouts -- when he knows that it would do just the opposite , " Obama said .
On Sunday , Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner told the NBC program " Meet the Press " that he was confident a " strong package of financial reforms " will win congressional approval .
However , Geithner noted the two sides remain apart on some issues , including how to regulate complex trading products called derivatives -- a form of trade in which investors seek to protect themselves by offsetting their risk or speculating on the future value of assets .
Geithner called for " rules with teeth " to protect against another financial crisis .
Sen . Mark Warner of Virginia , who also appeared on " State of the Union , " said the Senate bill includes an " early warning " system intended to spot signs of another crisis , as well as a $ 50 billion liquidation fund created with money from banks and other finance industry holdings to pay for the costs of closing down failed entities .
Warner said the liquidation fund would mean Wall Street firms " have to write their own funeral plan " and put down money in advance to ensure an " orderly process " to bankruptcy in the event of another crisis .
McConnell , however , said Republicans believe the fund would " perpetuate government intervention " in industries similar to the bailouts or takeover of some aspects of the banking , automobile and other industries .
" Regardless of ... how the money is produced , it is a bailout fund that sort of guarantees in perpetuity that we 'll be intervening once again to bailout these big firms , " he said .
In a strategy similar to GOP opposition to health care reform legislation passed earlier this year , McConnell called for restarting bipartisan talks instead of debating the bill from the Senate Banking Committee .
Obama administration officials have signaled they want Democratic Sen. Christopher Dodd , the Banking Committee chairman , to remove the $ 50 billion bank liquidation fund from the bill .
McConnell cited the apparent shift as a sign that Republicans were correct in asserting that Americans do n't want the fund .
However , Democratic officials suggested that removing the liquidation fund would really be an attempt to call the Republicans ' bluff by seeing if they would still oppose the reform bill without it .
That would play into White House 's efforts to portray the GOP as defenders of the status quo on Wall Street , the officials said .
Senate Republicans say all 41 GOP members will vote against allowing debate on the current bill to begin , enough to mount an effective filibuster .
" We simply cannot ask the American taxpayer to continue to subsidize this ' too big to fail ' policy , " said a letter dated Friday from Senate Republicans to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nevada .
" We must ensure that Wall Street no longer believes or relies on Main Street to bail them out .
Inaction is not an option .
However , it is imperative that what we do does not worsen the current economic climate or codify the circumstances that led to the last financial crisis . "
Democrats say they will still attempt to move forward .
Reid 's spokesman , Jim Manley , called the GOP resistance " a thinly veiled effort by Republicans to stall as they try to come up with a strategy to defeat the bill . "
" This bill has been written specifically to end any notion of any kind of a bailout by the American taxpayer again , " Dodd said Thursday .
" Our bill stops bailouts by imposing ... tough new requirements on Wall Street firms .
Being too big and too interconnected will cost these firms dearly .
And should that not be enough , our legislation , regulators can use the new powers in our legislation to break these firms up before they can take down the economy of our country . "
Meanwhile , Senate Democratic leaders and administration officials were trying to persuade several Republicans , including Sens.
Bob Corker , R - Tennessee , and Judd Gregg , R - New Hampshire , to break ranks and vote with them .
Warner said Corker and others have been involved in talks on the bill for months , which he said showed there were bipartisan contributions in drafting the measure .
Obama rejects a compromise that would weaken the intent of the bill , saying last week he would veto legislation " that does not bring the derivatives market under control in some sort of regulatory framework that assures that we do n't have the same kind of crisis that we have seen in the past . "
CNN 's Martina Stewart contributed to this story .
On its Web site , the motorcycle helmet manufacturer Advanced Carbon Composites warns buyers not to trust helmets made in China or India and instead to buy its American - made models .
But the company ’s helmets have been recalled so many times by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , that the agency has demanded that the company never make another motorcycle helmet .
The agency ’s demand stems from what the it says is the company ’s failure to properly carry out three safety recalls since 2005 .
The recalls involve about 17,000 helmets that failed to meet safety standards , including puncture resistance .
That resulted in the agency ’s accusing the company of violating “ various provisions ” of the National Traffic and Motor Vehicle Safety Act .
The problem was worked out with a consent order signed at the end of March by the company ’s president , Kim L. Davis , that did not deny the violations .
Mr. Davis also agreed to the agency ’s demand that Advanced Carbon Composites stop designing , selling or manufacturing motorcycle helmets .
In addition , motorcycle helmets can not be designed , sold or manufactured by any company of which Mr. Davis owns 3 percent or more .
Mr. Davis , whose company is based in Orlando , Fla. , did not respond to several requests for comment .
According to the consent order , here ’s what happened .
In 2005 , the company notified the agency that during testing , it found that its EXT 001 helmet did not provide enough protection to meet safety standards .
As part of its recall effort , the company changed the interior of the helmet , which it designated as a new model , calling it the EXT 002 .
Then , rather than replace the defective EXT 001 helmets it had already sold , Advance Carbon Composites modified them , a move approved at the time by the safety agency .
But the modified and recalled helmets still did not meet safety standards .
Neither did the EXT 002 .
So in 2007 the company agreed to also recall the EXT 002 .
The company then modified the construction again , called that helmet the EXT 003 and retrofitted the recalled EXT 002 helmets .
Those helmets still did n’t meet the safety standard .
The company agreed to another recall in 2009 , this time of the EXT 003 .
Once again it modified the design of the helmet , but that did n’t work , either .
About five years after the first recall , N.H.T.S.A. undertook a civil enforcement action against the company , leading to the consent order .
Under that order , the company has agreed to refund the purchase price of those helmets , and N.H.T.S.A. says “ under no circumstances ” is the company to try repairs .
The company will also pay fines totaling $ 10,000 .
If the company does not comply , the case will go to federal district court , according to the consent order .
Meanwhile , about two weeks after the consent order was completed , Advanced Carbon Composites notified N.H.T.S.A. that its model EXT 004 did n’t meet federal safety standards , either .
The company says the owners of those 645 helmets will get a refund , not a repair .
In an attempt to get some of that Joe Mauer and A - Rod money , Major League Baseball and Sony have hooked up to deliver streaming baseball games to the PlayStation 3 .
The deal with be announced officially on Thursday by Sony and marks the 1st time MLB has given a video game console exclusive content .
As you may have already guessed this streaming service is n’t free .
A subscription to MLB .TV is required to enjoy these digital broadcasted games .
Head over to MLB .TV if you are interested in learning more about their offerings and content .
source : NY Times
Share this :
Tweet
By Simon Butler
April 14 , 2010 -- Albert Einstein defined insanity as doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results .
It has taken capitalism about 250 years to generate enough waste and pollution to press dangerously against nature ’s limits .
With such a damning record , there should be no grounds to expect a different outcome in the future .
Yet the mainstream discussion about how to tackle the climate crisis still assumes that , this time around , capitalism can be made sustainable .
In an April 3 Sydney Morning Herald piece arguing for capitalists to take a leading role in resolving the climate crisis , Paddy Manning said it “ was an article of faith for this column ” that a free market could respond effectively to the challenge of climate change .
But , struggling to come up with Australian capitalists responding positively to the challenge , he was forced to admit : “ Faith is needed , because climate change is proof of colossal market failure . ”
The appeal of green capitalism — what US ecologist Amory Lovins has dubbed “ the profitable solution to climate change ” — is obvious .
It promises to save the planet , maintain economic growth and make lots of people lots of money .
It offers the hope that there is an easy way out of the crisis — that we can halt climate change without resorting to fundamental social change .
But it ignores the fact that capitalism ’s need for endless growth and ever - higher consumption is the root cause and main driver of the Earth ’s environmental distress .
Capitalism is an infinite project on a finite planet .
Given the dire climate threat we face , which requires immediate action to cut emissions , the illusion of green capitalism is also a dangerous diversion .
Take British economist Nicolas Stern ’s 2006 review on the economics of climate change .
Stern famously called climate change “ the greatest and widest - ranging market failure ever seen ” .
He said strong action to cut emissions “ must be viewed as an investment , a cost incurred now and in the coming few decades to avoid the risks of very severe consequences in the future ” .
It sounds great .
But delve into the report a bit deeper and its conclusions are chilling .
Stern said : “ Paths requiring very rapid emissions cuts are unlikely to be economically viable . ”
And : “ It is difficult to secure emission cuts faster than about 1 % per year except in instances of recession . ”
“ These limits to the economically feasible speed of adjustment constrain the range of feasible [ emissions ] stabilisation trajectories ” , he concluded .
Yet what is feasible for maintaining capitalist economic growth is unfeasible for the future of human civilisation .
To have any chance of avoiding runaway climate change , far bigger cuts are needed in a much shorter timeframe than the market system can tolerate .
For example , the group of leading climate scientists who authored the 2009 report , The Copenhagen Diagnosis , said industrial nations like Australia must cut emissions by 40 % below 1990 levels in just ten years .
That ’s about four times faster than Stern allowed for .
The gap between the economics and the science cannot be bridged .
Either we choose a “ healthy ” capitalist economy or we choose a healthy planet .
We ca n’t have both .
At December ’s Copenhagen climate conference Bolivia 's President Evo Morales caused a stir when he put the blame for global warming squarely on capitalism : “ We are here to save Mother Earth … The real cause of climate change is the capitalist system .
If we want to save the Earth then we must end that economic model . ”
Too extreme ?
Too simplistic ?
For Australian author David McKnight the answer would be yes .
He told the April 3 Sydney Morning Herald that “ waiting until capitalism is abolished means accepting that climate change will continue to occur in the meantime ” .
But opposing capitalism is hardly the same as just waiting for the revolution .
We are running out of time to stop climate change — no delay in action can be accepted .
There is too much carbon in the atmosphere already .
To succeed , we need a broad social movement strong enough to take on the powerful vested interests that stand in the way of change .
Such a movement has the potential to democratise society , overturning the dictatorship of capital .
The point is that the climate movement should not be afraid of its own conclusions .
If it allows its goals to be shaped by what is feasible in a capitalist economy then it has already failed .
However , if it refuses to compromise on the measures needed to fix the climate then it will ultimately have to confront , and remake , the whole system .
McKnight is an old lefty who has become more conservative as time has passed .
But the climate crisis has prompted others to shift their political views in the other direction .
One example is James Gustave Speth , a former environmental advisor to the Carter and Clinton administrations and onetime head of the United Nations Development Program .
Once known as the “ ultimate insider ” , Speth now doubts climate change can be dealt with at all under capitalism .
It has n’t meant he has given up .
Rather , Speth has fired up .
In his 2008 book , Bridge at the Edge of the World , he said : “ In the end , we need to trigger a response that in historical terms will come to be seen as revolutionary — the Environmental Revolution of the twenty first century .
Only such a response is likely to avert huge and even catastrophic environmental losses . ”
[ Simon Butler is a climate activists and a member of the Socialist Alliance .
This article was written in reply to Paddy Manning 's April 3 article in the Sydney Morning Herald that criticised the arguements of socialists in the climate movement and quoted from a report by Simon Butler .
It was sumitted to the Sydney Morning Herald , which declined to publish it .
This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly issue # 833 , April 14 , 2010 . ]
Posted on March 8 , 2010
Massa : Rahm Emanuel " Would Sell His Own Mother " For Votes
" Rahm Emanuel is son of the devil 's spawn , Rep. Eric Massa ( D - NY ) said .
" He is an individual who would sell his mother to get a vote .
He would strap his children to the front end of a steam locomotive . "
Rep . Massa describes a confrontation with Emanuel in a shower : " I am showering , naked as a jaybird , and here comes Rahm Emanuel , not even with a towel wrapped around his tush , poking his finger in my chest , yelling at me . "
RELATED : White House On Massa : His " Excuse " Is " Silly And Ridiculous "
FLASHBACK : Rahm Emanuel Scolds Massa For Being Too Angry
( source : WKPQ - AM )
The BNP has been thrown into turmoil weeks ahead of the general election after a senior party member was arrested for allegedly threatening to kill Nick Griffin .
Key party officials have been summoned to a meeting tomorrow to discuss " urgent organisational matters " after Griffin and colleagues made statements to police resulting in the BNP 's publicity director , Mark Collett , being detained on Thursday .
Collett , 29 , had been due to contest Labour MP David Blunkett 's Sheffield Brightside seat in the election but has been stripped of his position within the party which accused him of conspiring to launch a " palace coup " against Griffin .
The BNP alerted members to the crisis on Wednesday .
In a message to party organisers , the party said its internal security team had been investigating " alleged financial irregularities " relating to leaflets and publications , the " leaking on to the internet of sensitive party information " and " feeding lies to certain anti-BNP blog sites " for several months .
" As a result of this investigation , a very serious matter has been uncovered , " the memo said .
" Earlier this week , the police were made aware of very serious allegations potentially affecting the personal safety of party chairman Nick Griffin MEP and senior management / fundraising consultant James Dowson .
Formal statements have now been made to the police , including by Mr Griffin . "
The message said it had been necessary to act immediately " to ensure the safety of those at risk " .
The timing of the row is a further blow to the BNP as it looks to build on success in last year 's European elections by winning its first seat in the House of Commons .
Last month the party 's membership policy was ruled to be discriminatory , despite the BNP having removed a whites - only clause in February .
The BNP said it was unable to provide further details of the alleged threat to Griffin – who is standing against Labour 's Margaret Hodge in Barking and Dagenham – and Dowson for fear of prejudicing legal proceedings .
The memo continued : " Since political , as opposed to allegedly criminal , conspiracies are not illegal , we are able to say that Mark Collett was conspiring with a small clique of other party officials to launch a ' palace coup ' against our twice democratically elected party leader , Nick Griffin , and that in order to create the artificial climate of disillusionment necessary for this to stand any chance of success , lies and unfounded rumours have been spread , and were planned to be spread much further . "
Officers asked Collett to attend a Humberside police station last week .
A spokeswoman said : " A 29 - year - old man was arrested on Thursday on suspicion of making threats to kill .
He was interviewed by detectives at Humberside police and he has been released on bail pending further inquiries .
The investigation was initiated as a result of a complaint by the member of the BNP . "
BNP regional organisers and key officials have been asked to attend an " urgent briefing meeting " tomorrow to discuss the events of the last few days and the party 's future plans .
A spokesman for the anti-fascist organisation Searchlight said rows over finance , particularly Griffin 's European expenses , had led to the conflict .
Griffin and Andrew Brons were elected to European parliament in June 2009 but have been criticised in recent weeks for failing to publish details of their spending .
" Nick Griffin is constantly claiming he is the leader of a moderate , non-violent organisation , " the Searchlight spokesman said .
" It is difficult to see how he can square that assertion with his statement to the police that his own head of publicity has been plotting to kill him . "
The Guardian attempted to contact senior figures within the British National party , but none were available for comment .
One of Ben Roethlisberger 's two bodyguards who was with him at a bar in Milledgeville , Ga. , the night last month after which a 20 - year - old college student accused Roethlisberger of sexual assault , is in danger of losing his job as a Coraopolis , Pa. , police officer , a source close to the Coraopolis local government told ESPN on Sunday .
A majority vote of the Coraopolis City Council would be needed to dismiss Anthony Barravecchio , and according to the source , if a vote were taken today , it would be 8 - 0 for dismissing him from his position on the force .
The source added that documents from the Georgia Bureau of Investigation are to be reviewed by the council , but based on the information available to date , termination is the expected result of a vote that would be taken within the next few weeks .
" That is the complete opposite of the information I have , " Barravecchio 's attorney , Michael Santicola , told ESPN Sunday .
Santicola , who has maintained that Barravecchio did nothing wrong , said he does not expect his client to be dismissed .
Santicola added that Barravecchio is a union member and that if he 's terminated , he would file a grievance and win , as there are " no grounds for dismissal . "
Coraopolis mayor John Haberland , who only has a vote on the council in the event of a tie , told ESPN he expects the matter to be resolved within three to four weeks and perhaps as early as in a week .
Haberland said the borough solicitor is expected to present present findings on the GBI investigation this week and then the council would review it and hold a vote .
Council president Robert Barone did n't agree that it would be an 8 - 0 vote to dismiss Barravecchio , if a vote were taken today , and said he has not polled fellow council members .
" We 're going to do it the right way .
We have to read the whole investigation and put it together like adults , " he told ESPN .
Barravecchio , who has said he is a friend and assistant of Roethlisberger 's -- not his employee -- is also assigned to a federal Drug Enforcement Administration task force at Pittsburgh International Airport .
Several women , according to the GBI investigation report , said they saw Barravecchio take the accuser to the back room of the bar where she allegedly encountered Roethlisberger .
" The information is suspect because of many problems , including that the descriptions of my client do n't match , " Santicola said .
He called the accusations against Barravecchio " unsubstantiated and inconsistent . "
Any action against Barravecchio , Santicola said , would be a " knee jerk reaction to the sensationalism of the case . "
The other bodyguard who was with the Steelers quarterback that night , Pennsylvania State Police Officer Edward Joyner , has already been told by the state police to stop working for Roethlisberger .
Although he was not charged with a crime , Roethlisberger was suspended six games by the NFL for violating its personal conduct policy .
Willie Weinbaum is a producer for ESPN 's Enterprise Unit .
We break shit and do human testing ​ Learn and Laugh
Our Book Shelf No Library Card Needed
Highline University Live life high ... safely
80 videos , 39 page textbook , & a test
100 + page textbook - watch us as we work
Send $ toke !
So we do n't break the bank
We believe education on safety should be free , but it 's not free to make
Get Involved
We are all about community
Nerdy Stuff
We break a lot more than you think Data Spreadsheets & Raw Videos - Access Unlocked
Get Notified
We are always creating ( or breaking ) something
Over 200 episodes + 2 new ones weekly .
Subscribe and hit the bell .
Give us your email !
We will let you know when we have updated courses or new ones .
Keep Me Smart
We want to write an email as much as you want spam .
We just want to notify you if we updated or released new resources so you stay up to date .
Oil Leak in Gulf Worse Than Estimated , BP Takes Some Responsibility Leak now estimated at 5,000 barrels a day ; Coast Guard tries risky burn .
April 29 , 2010  --
With five times more oil leaking into the Gulf of Mexico than originally estimated and the price tag for last week 's explosion predicted at $ 8 billion , questions about BP 's response and level of responsibility are mounting .
Doug Suttles , the energy company 's chief operating officer , admitted some responsibility for the disaster " because we 're the lease holder , " but assigning blame , he said , should come after the cleanup .
" I can tell you we 're not worried about that right now , " he said .
" Who 's ultimately responsible for what will come out over time through an investigations process . "
The new leak estimate is about 5,000 barrels a day , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
Suttles told " Good Morning America " he still believes it to be between 1,000 barrels -- the company 's original estimate -- and 5,000 .
The Deepwater Horizon rig was reportedly not equipped with a shutoff switch that could have been used to try to close the well .
Such switches are not required in the United States , but are used in other countries such as Norway and Brazil .
But Suttles said the rig was equipped with some safety devices that should have prevented this kind of spill .
" They did n't do that , we do n't know why they did n't do that and ultimately we will find out , " he said .
Suttles was quick to point out that another company was operating the rig at the time of the explosion , not London - based BP .
" I can say that we had equipment required by the regulations , " he said .
" We do n't know why , when the accident occurred , and I should probably clarify , the lease we are drilling on is owed by BP and a few other companies . "
Parts of the massive spill were lit on fire Wednesday as part of a controlled yet risky burn as a last resort to try and stop the oil slick from reaching the coastline .
" It 's not a perfect solution , " said Jackie Savitz Sr. , campaign director for the Oceana Pollution Program .
" It does increase air pollution and it can cause inhalation problems for marine life . "
Officials may try another burn but it appears the oil will reach the coastline , threatening as many as 400 species , including sea turtles and dolphins .
The Gulf 's abundant oyster and shrimping grounds could also be affected .
Suttles said BP is actively working with the Gulf states to minimize the impact .
Some floating oil has come within 20 miles of shore .
Adm . Thad W. Allen , commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard , told reporters in Miami today that depending on winds and weather , crews might have two to three days before oil hits land .
Gulf of Mexico Oil Spill : Burn Less Risky Than Alternatives
The Deepwater Horizon drilling rig , operated by BP Oil and owned by Transocean Ltd. , exploded and started burning April 20 .
Eleven rig workers were never found and are presumed to have died .
Engineers said Wednesday 's burn was less risky than the alternatives .
" When you 've got an oil leak like this , you use every tool in the toolbox to keep it offshore , " said Edward Overton , a professor emeritus of environmental sciences at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge .
" If it gets to shore , it 's going to coat everything with this sticky , gooey stuff and create a tremendous , awful mess . "
The Coast Guard said oil continues to spew from the wellhead , 5,000 feet beneath the surface of the gulf , at a rate of about 42,000 gallons per day .
Satellite images show the resulting slick drifting north and eastward toward the coasts of Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida .
" It 's premature to say it 's catastrophic , " said Coast Guard Rear Admiral Mary Landry , who is leading the operation .
" I will say it 's very serious . "
BP and its contractors are fighting a high - stakes battle to keep the spill from getting worse .
They have tried , unsuccessfully so far , to cover the leaking wellhead with a dome or close it with a submersible robot .
The company has said it is spending $ 6 million per day in the effort -- and the problem continues to grow .
Oil from the area is called sweet crude , but LSU 's Overton said the name is deceptive .
It contains heavy compounds , called asphaltenes , that do not burn easily or evaporate , even in the warm climate off Louisiana .
" When you 've got a spill like this , " said Overton , " there are three things you can do .
You can burn it , scoop it up out of the water , or use chemical dispersants to break it up .
This oil is not particularly good with any of those three . "
" With light crude , " he said , " you could burn most of it -- 70 or 80 percent .
With heavy crude , I do n't know .
I 'm not optimistic . "
ABC News Radio and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
We rooted through pages of concept art and studied the brand new Predators trailer shot for shot , to try and uncover all the secrets and nods inside Robert Rodriguez 's new Predators film .
Check out the weird creatures we spotted .
Advertisement
First up , check out what we learned by scrolling through the Predators trailer .
There are plenty of fantastic references to past Predator outings — our favorite is the Jesse Ventura nod , new alien creature that will kill you , and the first ever mask - off Predator spotting .
Advertisement
Here is a closer look of the Predator hounds , from the Predator website — with captions written by Rodriguez himself .
Wired snapped a handful of gorgeous Predator concept art from the film 's SXSW panel , especially one interesting picture of the new slender Predators which Rodriguez described as the ipods of Predators .
Check out their site for Predator bugs , art , and more Q&A details .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And finally MTV announced that new Predators material wo n't be limited to the screen .
Dark Horse Comics is planning series of prequels and sequels comics .
Marc Andreyko will write " Predators : Welcome to the Jungle , " a four issue miniseries shipping every week in June featuring a back - up story called " A Predatory Life " written by David Lapham .
Advertisement
The film will be in theaters July 7th , which is just not soon enough .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
First - graders should not be forced into the classrooms of teachers undergoing sex changes .
Religious broadcasters and faith - based summer camps should not be forced to hire cross-dressers .
Women should not be forced to share bathrooms with people with male body parts who say they want to be females .
Yet those are some of the likely results if Congress passes H.R. 3017 , the so - called Employment Non-Discrimination Act ( ENDA ) , which is due for a vote this week by the House Education and Labor Committee .
ENDA purports to “ prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity . ”
Clever politically correct wording aside , this is a direct attack on common sense .
On some matters , it is good to be discriminating .
It is right to discriminate between honesty and dishonesty , between politeness and impoliteness , between right and wrong .
And it assuredly is right to be discriminating in choosing who teaches our children .
ENDA would make it impossible for a non-church - based charter school , for instance , to remove from the classroom a “ she - male ” who insists on exposing her pupils to her unnatural transformation .
This is no idle threat .
ENDA would supersede the laws of 38 states that do not have laws treating those with an unusual “ gender identity ” as a legally protected “ class ” of citizens .
Andrea Lafferty of the Traditional Values Coalition wrote in the April 20 edition of Roll Call about several examples of cross-dressing or sex- changing teachers who claimed protections under state disability laws ( in the 12 states that do indeed protect “ gender identity ” ) and were able to remain in the classroom despite parents ’ protests .
Perhaps the worst was at California ’s Foxboro Elementary School , where a music teacher underwent surgery to become a man , but parents originally were not even notified because administrators feared running afoul of medical privacy laws .
Even if California wants to be so foolish , the residents of the 38 states without such absurd legal strictures should n’t be forced to do the same .
States have a sovereign right to set standards governing behavioral - as opposed to immutable - personal characteristics .
ENDA does provide supposed exemptions for churches and church - based schools to refuse to employ sex-changers and cross-dressers .
But the exemption is far less than meets the eye .
Even religious organizations , under the standards cited , are prohibited from making employment decisions based on the worker ’s sex .
ENDA opponents rightly cite last year ’s 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals note in Prowel v. Wise Business Forms that “ the line between sexual orientation discrimination and discrimination ‘ because of sex ’ can be difficult to draw . ”
In short , courts easily could decide that even parochial schools must hire she -males to teach their kindergartners .
Similar problems abound in this bill , which treats a conscious decision to choose a new or different sexual identity as if it were an inherent , unavoidable condition .
But it ’s not .
It ’s actually a psychological disorder , officially listed as such by the current American Psychiatric Association ’s Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders .
Our children and our co-workers should not be forced by law to be held hostage to such disorders , nor should employers be forced to have psychologically troubled persons as the public face of their businesses .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Star Wars : The Empire Strikes Back by Frank Miller , John Byrne , Terry Austin , Walt Simonson , Michael Golden , Fred Hembeck , Marie Severin , Marshall Rogers , Joe Jusko , and Bob Layton .
Wow !
How cool is that ?!?!?
Check it out below .
I ’ve wrapped up my Star Wars Resume coverage for now , but I just had to post these fantastic Star Wars pin-ups !
They originally appeared in Marvel Comics ‘ Star Wars issues # 43 & 44 from 1980 .
Some of the scans below come from the original issues , while others come from the reprinted and re-colored trade paperbacks Star Wars : A Long Time Ago .
I had forgotten about these pin-ups until I recently heard them discussed on the Two True Freaks Monthly Monday Star Wars podcasts .
I ’ve mentioned these podcasts a few times this week .
If you are a fan of Star Wars , you really should give these podcasts a try .
Scott and Chris are incredibly knowledgeable in the area of Star Wars and they ’re also friggin’ hilarious !
In addition to their Star Wars show , they produce a monthly Star Trek show , and multiple comic book related shows .
Give these guys a try !
They are definitely worth your time .
Here are the promised Empire Strikes Back images .
Click each image to enlarge .
Frank Miller
John Byrne
Terry Austin
Walt Simonson
Michael Golden
Fred Hembeck
Marie Severin
Marshall Rogers
Joe Jusko
Bob Layton
This billboard from Ohio's state health department promoting breastfeeding is n't going over well , and not because it implies formula can't satisfy infants .
People find the milk on the baby 's chin gross — that liquid came from a lady 's breast !
Advertisement
Ohio resident Stephanie Swan told FOX Toledo that she does n't like the ad even though she 's pro-breastfeeding , saying :
When I first saw it I thought , you know , I agree with breast milk , it 's fine but then I saw it with the milk around its mouth and I though that was so unappealing .
The baby 's cute , but I did not like the milk coming out of his mouth .
Advertisement
But what 's so disgusting about a little milk dribble ?
Everyone loves " Got Milk " ads , but the liquid in those ads comes from a cow 's udder , not a woman 's nipple .
Plenty of baby food ads show kids with food smeared all over their faces , so why is being coated in mushy peas cute while breast milk is " unappealing " ?
It 's possible people are just disturbed by the ravenous look on the baby 's face , not the idea that he 's been breastfeeding .
A Cleveland Scene reader who submitted the photo of the billboard said , " The little fella looks SATISFIED AS HELL - like a tit vampire with all the drool and boob milk dripping off his chin . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The idea of fangs anywhere near nipples is disturbing , but " vampire " is n't really the first thing that springs to mind when you look at this little guy , as he does n't appear to be sparkling in the sunlight or participating in an angsty inter-species love triangle .
Maybe these days people are just so used to seeing breasts filling out Victoria 's Secret bras that they do n't like thinking about them producing food for babies .
If people are offended by the " Milk Satisfies " billboard , just imagine the reaction this 1910 ad from the Chicago Health Department would get today :
Advertisement
Drawings of women breastfeeding are even more disgusting than a little milk on the chin , though the ad does send the important message that babies do n't like vanilla lattes and Miller Lite .
Ohio Not Drooling Over Breast - Milk Billboard [ AdWeek ]
Breast Milk Satisfies Campaign [ FOX Toledo ]
About Those " Breast Milk Satisfies " Billboards [ Cleveland Scene ]
A Little Whisky In The Milk Is Fine Though , Right ? [ Copyranter ]
I love my iPhone and I love Apple ( cue images of flag pins and “ I love muh countray ! ” ) , but I believe they ’re blowing it with the App Store gate keeping .
That ’s of course not a new opinion .
Developers left and right have been decrying the broken process .
But there ’s nothing like feeling it on your own bones to make the point .
We have a couple of new features in the wing for Campfire .
They ’ve been done for more than 10 days now .
Why have n’t we released them yet ?
Because the iPhone app Ember needed to have a simple regular expression updated to support the features .
We really like Ember , so we decided that holding back the features until this pro forma update went through was prudent .
We ’re still waiting .
This has made me think about all the ways the app store process sucks and how little we get back in return .
The argument I keep hearing for why this terrible process is worth it is quality control .
Here ’s a breakdown of each argument :
Applications will be more stable :
No they wo n’t .
Echophone still crashes on me all the time .
It ’s not like the iPhone is immune to crash bugs .
And why would it be ?
You ’re writing native Objective - C here .
Shit is going to crash every now and then .
No 10 minute look - over by a App Store clerk is going to help that .
No they wo n’t .
Echophone still crashes on me all the time .
It ’s not like the iPhone is immune to crash bugs .
And why would it be ?
You ’re writing native Objective - C here .
Shit is going to crash every now and then .
No 10 minute look - over by a App Store clerk is going to help that .
The App Store will be free of malware :
That ’s certainly no given .
If you really wanted to be evil , you could very well hide your malice underneath a cute game and have a time bomb or a remote trigger installed .
Do you think the App Store clerks are combing through source code to look for security issues ?
Ha !
That ’s certainly no given .
If you really wanted to be evil , you could very well hide your malice underneath a cute game and have a time bomb or a remote trigger installed .
Do you think the App Store clerks are combing through source code to look for security issues ?
Ha !
Only good stuff in the App Store : Ha !
The App Store has some 140K + applications .
I can guarantee you that the bulk of that is less than average .
There are some 100 fart apps for christ sake !
We ’re paying for the inconvenience of quality control without the quality part .
In fact , lots of software has lower quality because of the App Store process .
Developers can’t easily get bug fixes out and they certainly do n’t release new versions as often as they otherwise would .
This harks back to the era where software was really cumbersome to release on CDs , so you did it much less frequently .
Contrast this with OS X and the web .
Both platforms are much more open and on a mac you have very little trouble with stability or malware or even quality .
In general , the market is pretty good at sorting this stuff out .
If you make a crappy application , people do n’t buy or recommend it .
And OS X seems to be holding up well as a secure platform compared to , say , Windows , so malware is n’t much of a concern either .
What I think Apple should do instead is to reserve the power to nuke apps that prove troublesome .
Have a “ if you fuck it up , we ’ll yank it ” policy rather than a “ we ’ll review everything poorly and slowly and still not catch it all ” policy .
They ’d be able to get by with a much smaller App Store clerk staff , developers would be thrilled to escape the needless gate keeping , and consumers would enjoy more applications updated more frequently .
What ’s there to lose except for the feeling of powah ?
Microwave popcorn is not all it could be , at least compared to its stove - top and popcorn machine brethren .
Want a likely fix ?
Heat a bowl of water in your microwave right before it 's popcorn time , and you might get moister , fluffier results .
Advertisement
Photo by grantlairdjr .
Lifehacker commenter HeartBurnKid got this tip on a microwave popcorn bag handed out as a freebie by his health insurance company — we'll presume it was of the " light , " or at least non-buttered variety .
His directions call for a cup of water , heated for one minute on high , with a quick swap - in of the popcorn after it finishes .
Popcorn maker Pop Weaver also calls the water - before - popcorn method the " first step in making great microwave popcorn . "
If so , at least one Lifehacker editor has to look back on 29 years of movie nights and wonder why this never came up .
Advertisement
Have you given the water - heating popcorn hack a try ?
Tell us about your results , or any other popcorn improvements , in the comments .
While you 're getting hungry , consider our previous tips on making movie - theater - style popcorn at home , getting fewer kernels in a microwave bag , and , what the heck , making popcorn with bacon fat .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Science Project # 1 [ Pop Weaver via # tips ]
Inspectors sifted through rubble Friday afternoon to find out why bricks from the façade of a building near Ryerson University came crashing down on the sidewalk .
“ We do n’t know what caused it , ” said Ann Borooah , executive director and chief building official for the city .
She said a building permit had been issued for renovations in a first - floor unit of the building on Gould St. near Yonge St. and that there likely “ would have been a building inspection .
What we do n’t know is if that had anything to do with the collapse . ”
A large part of Ryerson University ’s campus and several streets in the downtown core were shut down at about 12:30 p.m.
Friday when the bricks began raining down .
A Toronto Fire spokesperson said the bricks fell from the second floor of the three - storey building , leaving piles of debris on the sidewalk .
Police search - and - rescue dogs combed through the building to make sure nobody was trapped .
Nobody was hurt in the incident .
Midday and rush - hour traffic snarled after police closed Yonge St. from Dundas St. north to Gerrard St. , and along Gould from Yonge St. to Victoria St. , while emergency crews worked at the scene .
City Councillor Kyle Rae , whose ward includes the building , visited the site Friday afternoon .
“ It was just devastating to see it , ” he said .
Rae recalled securing money for a “ heritage façade grant ” of up to $ 35,000 for the building about three years ago .
“ But I do n't think they ever did it , ” he said .
“ It was for the heritage building , for the external façade .
... I remember fighting to get it into the budget . ”
According to a Ministry of Government Services Corporation Profile report , the building is owned by a numbered company whose administrator Noorali Lalani could not be reached for comment .
According to the City of Toronto website , an application for interior alterations on the ground floor at 335 Yonge St. had been issued Nov. 24 , 2009 .
The work was being done on the new 54 - seat Tatami restaurant which opened recently .
It ’s one of several linked units that comprise the building .
Tatami is next door to the unit where the bricks fell .
The website noted that an inspection had been scheduled Feb. 17 , 2010 .
According to Borooah , “ There were inspections but no request for a final inspection to date . ”
Borooah said city inspectors were at the scene “ looking at what needs to be done to make the building safe .
And it ’s likely that either the owner will be undertaking work under our orders or we ’ll have to do it ourselves in the next little while . ”
One of the reasons for the collapse may have been extensive renovations and alterations to the building over the years , said Dave Bowick , a professor at the John H. Daniels Faculty of Architecture , Landscape and Design at the University of Toronto .
Large sections of the wall on the Gould St. side had been knocked out and replaced with big windows and glass doors , he said .
“ The storefront opening and glazing would n’t be the original condition of the building when it was built , ” he said Friday after viewing a photo , adding the three - storey structure would only have had small windows on the upper levels .
Changes to the building over the years “ to create more openness to the street , ” may have been factors .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
But there are other reasons walls collapse .
Bowick said moisture creeping into bricks could cause a wall to collapse because repeated freezing and contraction could push them apart .
With files from Robyn Doolittle and Kristin Rushowy
Prime Minister Stephen Harper slammed Hamid Karzai following reports the Afghan president has threatened to quit politics and join the Taliban .
" I have not seen the context of President Karzai 's remarks but what I have seen reported is completely unacceptable , " Harper told reporters in Mississauga , Ont. , on Wednesday .
" We have men and women who are over there putting their lives on the line to help the population in its struggle against the Taliban .
These remarks are not helpful and in the context of the dangerous work that our people are doing they are completely unacceptable to Canada and I 'm sure the same is true for all of our allies . "
Earlier this week , Afghan lawmakers said that during a private meeting over the weekend , Karzai twice threatened to quit politics and join the Taliban if the West continued to pressure him to enact reforms .
People at the meeting said they thought Karzai 's comments were aimed at hardline members of parliament .
U.S. officials said his comments were troubling and they threatened to cancel a planned Washington visit if Karzai did n't stop blaming the United States for his problems .
But on Wednesday , Karzai 's spokesman denied reports that he made those comments .
Waheed Omar said Karzai's government had been shocked to see the comment appearing in media outlets and did not know where it came from .
There are 2,830 Canadians serving in Afghanistan .
Since 2002 , when the mission began , 141 Canadian soldiers have been killed .
Four Canadian civilians have also been killed .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A new Cornell study finds that lust for material things fade but our unique experiences remain with us for a long time .
The satisfaction we get from buying vacations , bikes for exercise and other experiences starts high and keeps growing .
The initial high we feel from acquiring a flashy car or megascreen TV , on the other hand , trails off rather quickly , reports a new Cornell study .
Why are experiences more satisfying ?
For one thing , it 's harder to compare them to others ' experiences ; they belong to us alone .
" Your experiences are inherently less comparative , they 're less subject to and less undermined by invidious social comparisons , " said professor of psychology Thomas Gilovich , who published the study with Travis J. Carter , Ph.D. ' 10 , in a recent issue of Journal of Personality and Social Psychology .
People are less satisfied with material purchases because they are more likely to second - guess what they could have had ( such as a new model or a better price ) , the researchers found .
Consumers spend more time thinking about material purchases they did n't choose than they spend when they buy an experience .
" There 's a lot of work in the area of well - being and happiness showing that we adapt to most things , " Gilovich said .
" Therefore , things like a new material purchase make us happy initially , but very quickly we adapt to it , and it does n't bring us all that much joy .
You could argue that adaptation is sort of an enemy of happiness .
Other kinds of expenditures , such as experiential purchases , do n't seem as subject to adaptation . "
Gilovich conducted studies about five years ago that people get more enduring happiness from their experiences than their possessions .
The new research looks at why that is .
" Imagine you buy a flat panel TV .
You come to my house , and I have a bigger , clearer picture than yours .
You 're bummed out , " Gilovich said .
" But suppose you go on a vacation to the Caribbean .
You find out I 've done the same , and mine sounds better than yours .
It might bother you a little bit , but not nearly to the same degree because you have your memories ; it 's your idiosyncratic connection to the Caribbean that makes it your vacation .
That makes it less comparable to mine , hence your enjoyment is n't undermined as much . "
In one study , a bag of potato chips and a chocolate bar were both on a table .
The volunteers were told they could have the chips , while the researchers implied that others got the chocolate .
Another group of participants received a small physical gift that was next to a better gift that was intended for someone else .
The participants reported they felt less satisfied in the latter case .
" Visible comparison undermined the enjoyment of the material goods , but it did n't undermine the enjoyment of the experiential good [ potato chips ] , " Gilovich explained .
" If you consume an experience in the presence of something better , it does n't as consistently or powerfully undermine the experience . "
What does it all mean ?
" Our results suggest that if people get more enduring happiness from their experiences than their possessions , at a policy level , we might want to make available the resources that enable people to have experiences .
You can't go hiking if there are no trails .
And if those are the kinds of things that give people more enduring enjoyment , we need to make sure we 're creating the kinds of communities that have parks , trails and so on that promote experiences that produce real enjoyment . "
On Theresa Gattung ’s attack on Telecom
March 5th , 2010
One hates to kick someone when they ’re down – but when it is former Telecom CEO Theresa Gattung and she is peddling a book in which she professes herself to be shocked ( shocked ! ) by the size of the remuneration packages currently being paid at Telecom , the urge is irresistible .
Gattung , like David Lange before her , seems more than willing to criticize the organization she once headed , as if she bore no residual responsibility whatsoever for its current condition .
The gist of Gattung ’s complaints is that ( a ) Telecom executives are being paid too much now .
In her opinion , a $ 7 million salary and incentives package for current CEO Paul Reynolds is intolerable , but her own $ 3 million package was OK and the $ 5.4 million payout she received in 2007 was also value for money ( b ) Labour ’s then Telecommunications Minister David Cunliffe played a devious tactical game with Telecom during the reform process ( c ) the then - Labour Party president Mike Williams sounded her out on becoming a Labour candidate ( d ) she got treated badly throughout her career because she is a woman and ( e ) a firm recently considered hiring her , but concluded that she would be “ too strong ” and doubted they could work with her .
Taking those in turn … once you get to seven figure salary and incentives packages , I would have thought the little number at the front becomes almost irrelevant .
Both her and Reynolds ’ remuneration packages are – and were – obscene .
I ’d have thought it would be quite hard to pocket $ 3–5 million remuneration packages every year and still claim that you were being discriminated against on the basis of your gender .
Apparently not .
Put it this way : did Gattung do a really good job of positioning the company for the more competitive environment in which Telecom now finds itself ?
Did she manage to negotiate productively with a Labour government that was intent on reform , and on ending Telecom ’s capacity to screw consumers and the economy for the greater benefit of Telecom shareholders ?
Hardly .
The reality is that Telecom had wielded its power without compunction for at least 15 years , ever since Richard Prebble turned a state monopoly over to the tender mercies of Telecom ’s new owners for peanuts , and without putting any safeguards for consumers ( or for business ) in place .
It was a situation that could n’t last .
The Lange government had created a monster , and National ’s Maurice Williamson sat by idly watching this out of control corporate beast pile up the profits at everyone else ’s expense , for the entire 1990s .
Yet ultimately , and by her own account , Gattung was finally outfoxed by David Cunliffe and his Boy Scout wiles , for goodness sake .
The current plight of Telecom , now that its near - monopoly advantages have crumbled , is an indication of how easy it would have been to run the company in its heyday .
A relatively adept chimp – or a robot with no discernible human emotion ?
– could have managed Telecom during the 1990s .
The reason Reynolds is getting paid more – by the wacky logic of the global CEO market – is because running Telecom is now a harder job to do , and now has to earn its keep .
I ’m not trying to justify Reynolds ’ pay packet at all – and his bonuses should be put on ice – but it is the same logic that Gattung once used to employ , when it suited her .
Gattung ’s clanging naivete is best illustrated by her anecdote about then Labour Party President Mike Williams supposedly sounding her out on becoming a Labour MP .
Memo to TG : this is a negotiating tactic called messing with your mind .
I ’d wager that it is her particularly blunt set of personal sensors – rather than gender discrimination – that explains why a local firm recently thought twice about taking her on in a leadership role .
Ruth Richardson , Christine Rankin , Theresa Gattung … in each case , these are women leaders with a marked inability to show flexibility , to propose and negotiate compromise deals .
In the early 1990s , Telecom was milking the market advantage it had been handed by Prebble and was delaying its capital investment in new technology .
That was one prime reason why New Zealand ( and its export effort ) have lagged so far behind the rest of the world in broadband take - up – which has been merely one example among many of our telecommunications deficit .
That situation is now belatedly changing , largely thanks to Cunliffe ’s reforms .
There is such karmic irony in Telecom ’s problems with its new XT network .
Perhaps if the company had given itself more practice in bringing innovations to market during the 1990s , it would know how to do this sort of thing competently .
Perhaps the likes of Gattung and Reynolds might then be able to put up a better argument to justify their ridiculous levels of remuneration , current and past .
********
Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz
Original url
Unfinished Business
The UAW could still tear Detroit down
Stay Engaged
Get insightful commentary and the most reliable research on Michigan issues sent straight to your inbox .
Sign up
The so - called birther bill won initial approval from the state House on Monday , advancing legislation that would require presidential candidates to produce a birth certificate before they can be on the ballot in Arizona .
The bill originated from a group that believes President Barack Obama is not a natural - born citizen of the U.S. and is ineligible to be president .
Rep. Judy Burges amended Senate Bill 1024 to include a requirement that Arizona 's secretary of state inspect a presidential candidate 's birth certificate before that candidate could qualify for the ballot .
Similar laws have been proposed in Oklahoma , Florida and Missouri .
None has been signed into law .
Democrats criticized Burges ' amendment , saying presidential candidates already have to prove their citizenship .
" Republicans continue to take Arizona down the wrong track by wasting taxpayers ' time on frivolous legislation instead of working on important issues like health care for kids and seniors and education , " said Rep. Kyrsten Sinema , D - Phoenix .
Burges , a Skull Valley Republican , did not respond to a call for comment .
Arizona Secretary of State Ken Bennett said creating state - level requirements for a federal office could violate the U.S. Constitution .
" While everyone has an interest in ensuring that only eligible citizens run for president , there are obvious issues with states implementing what could become a patchwork of different tests for a presidential candidate to prove his / her citizenship , " Bennett 's spokesman , Matthew Benson , wrote in an e-mail .
The amended bill still needs final approval from the House and will require another vote in the Senate before it can be transmitted to Gov. Jan Brewer .
THINK of the great centres of the space industry and it might be that Florida , Moscow or even Kazakhstan spring to mind .
Less likely , perhaps , would be the Isle of Man , a British dependency in the Irish Sea more famous for its annual motorbike race than for lunar exploration .
Nevertheless the tiny island , with a population of just 80,000 , has long - aspired to become a leading space jurisdiction .
It has already attracted many players from the industry , including satellite services , space exploration , technology and professional - services firms .
Most are lured by the island 's investment in infrastructure and tax breaks .
The Manx government also persuaded the International Space University ( ISU ) to set up a research centre at the island 's business school .
In December the first cohort of the ISU 's Space MBA programme arrived — a response , it says , to a demand for more executives in an industry in which management skills have traditionally been less valued than technical know - how .
Reuters
Level heads required
It is an interesting time for the sector .
In space , contracts tend to be long - lived ; payments continue to come through on projects started five or ten years previously .
Thus , while in most other industries companies are implementing strategies to exit the recession , the space sector is only just bracing itself for the shockwaves .
As Walter Peeters , the dean of the ISU , puts it : " We know there is a financial crisis .
We know we have n't been hit yet .
But we know we will be . "
Nevertheless , opinion is divided over what the medium term holds .
Government budget cuts are sure to have some effect .
Some projects , such as manned space programmes , which are expensive and of dubious scientific benefit , may well be squeezed .
Overall , analysts predict that NASA , America 's space agency , will be assigned a budget in the region of $ 19 billion — around $ 1 billion more than 2009 but still less than many had hoped for .
However , for some the most important thing is certainty .
“ $ 19 billion is enough for me , ” says Jeffrey Manber , a space entrepreneur .
“ As a business person it is less important what the White House announces than that they stick to it . "
It all makes for an interesting management case - study .
As the role of government - as - customer changes , and the importance of the private sector increases , entrepreneurialism will be the key to growth .
It might seem a strange thing to say about an industry that has helped to stretch the art of the possible , but the space industry has tended not to be very entrepreneurial .
It is used to satisfying the demands laid upon it by government ; it is not so used to creating demand itself .
Peggy Slye , director of the space and telecommunications division at Futron , a consultancy , says that the early years of the industry were typified by a " build it and they will come " attitude .
But , increasingly , executives understand that to increase sales they need to innovate , add value and market aggressively — as would be the norm in any other industry .
They also need to learn to anticipate the needs of their customers .
Satellites are expensive assets that are built to last for 15 years or more .
“ So you can't let anyone get ahead of you in creating demand for that asset , ” she says .
Searching for stars
Yet as the industry becomes more commercially - minded , it is discovering that it has a shortfall of talented managers .
Executives in space companies tend to be physicists and engineers who lack the technical skills of management .
That can cause problems .
In satellite telecommunications , for example , it used to be that the technology itself was the greatest risk to the business : if the satellites failed then so did the firm .
Managers therefore had to understand how the technology worked to guard against the risk .
But now the technology is established and reliable ; it is a failure to understand and respond to the dynamics of the market that poses the greatest risk .
The nature of raising capital is also changing .
Governments account for 32 % of overall space spending , according to the Space Foundation , an industry group ( see chart ) .
But private projects often have a dual , public - private use .
Commercial companies therefore find it hard to get funding without government support .
But , until recently , government was viewed as a competitor .
NASA , for example , designed , regulated and operated rockets and the like .
Now it is , to a large extent , withdrawing from operations and becoming a benevolent customer — albeit one that demands that private ventures have capital at risk , pays only for success and expects to negotiate on price .
And for its part , the commercial sector can finally act as one would expect in a free market : by innovating and cutting costs .
Other funding routes are also now open .
Venture capitalists , by and large , will not touch the space industry : the money required for investment is too high and the lead times too long .
( What 's more , VCs tend to be squeamish about seeing their investment strapped to a launch pad and having explosives lit underneath it . )
But , increasingly , angel investors are playing a role .
These include Elon Musk of Paypal , who is financing Space X , which has won a contract to send cargo to the International Space Station , Richard Branson 's Virgin Galactic , which is to conduct sub-orbital research for NASA , and Jeff Bezos of Amazon , who is working on a launch vehicle , the purpose of which remains unclear .
Mergers and acquisitions will also increasingly occupy management .
With much horizontal integration having already taken place , this will tend to be of the vertical variety .
Customers are now demanding end - to - end service .
When Inmarsat acquired Segovia in 2009 , the new company gained the capability to offer ground equipment and facilities to go alongside its satellite services .
When the United Arab Emirates decided it wanted an independent space capability it sought a one - stop - shop company that could develop satellites , control space stations and find and train the right people .
For students on the Space MBA , then , there are now as many similarities with everyday business as differences .
The students themselves have , so far , garnered goodwill from the companies they have come in to contact with .
Most are already involved in the space sector — often they have a technical education and are looking to broaden their management skills — and so can speak the language .
Michelle Mendes , a student on the programme , says many of the scientists she has encountered are enthusiastic about the prospect of being set free from what they see as the mundane aspects of their job , such as raising finance and negotiating contracts .
But , she says , perhaps the most difficult skill she has had to learn is to keep her business head on .
It is , after all , easy to get swept away with the glamour .
Please update your bookmarks and feeds .
This blog has moved to
.
The new RSS feed is :
http://myrmecos.net/feed/
If that URL looks familiar , it may be because myrmecos .
net has always been my home on the web .
I posted my first insect galleries there back in 2003 , and the address remained my main site until recently .
When I retired the myrmecos galleries last year in favor of smugmug ’s improved technology at alexanderwild.com , I played with the idea of moving this blog to its natural domain .
Now I ’ve done it .
The recent instability stemming from the Scienceblogs kerfuffle gave me the excuse I needed .
I considered offers from other science blogging networks to host Myrmecos , but in the end I liked being able to run my own ship .
I get a degree of control over the feel of the site that networks can’t match .
And I can kill those annoying advertisements that surface here and there in some browsers .
I apologize once again if you have to update bookmarks , blogrolls , and feeds .
This move will be permanent , insofar as these things can be .
If you miss the old myrmecos , do n’t despair !
It lives on as an archive here :
http://myrmecos.net/index1.html
Arsène Wenger will reportedly discuss a new contract with Arsenal in the summer or autumn .
The Frenchman 's current deal at the club expires in the summer of 2011 , and the Frenchman is determined to see the young side he has assembled claim a trophy .
" This summer or in the autumn we will talk , " Wenger told the Mail on Sunday .
" My personal future will depend on the capacity to win trophies but also on whether this team is improving year after year , because we are still very , very young .
" Ideally I would not want to leave without this generation winning a trophy . "
Arsenal are still in the running for the Premier League title this season and have reached the quarter - finals of the Champions League , though they face a tough trip to Barcelona on Tuesday , having had to battle back to claim a 2 - 2 draw in the first leg last Wednesday .
Boardroom pay data from more than 380 NHS trusts was examined Top managers in England 's NHS trusts received average pay rises of nearly 7 % in 2008 - 09 , compared with less than 3 % granted to nurses , a report says .
An Incomes Data Services report into boardroom pay at more than 380 trusts found chief executives earned seven times more than the average nurse .
Senior managers in NHS trusts typically earned £ 147,500 , the report said .
The NHS Confederation said trusts needed top managers to help them through financial challenges .
' Gold standard ' Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Unions have questioned why bosses have had above - inflation rises when ordinary workers have had much lower rises , but senior managers have responded by saying that NHS trusts are immensely complicated organisations to run , with budgets of many millions of pounds .
The report into boardroom pay at more than 380 NHS trusts in England found chief executives received a 6.9 % average pay increase in 2008 / 09 - more than double that given to nurses .
Primary care , mental health and ambulance trusts were included .
Chief executives at NHS foundation trusts received £ 10,000 more a year on average than those managing less " gold standard " trusts .
Our annual survey of NHS boardroom remuneration will not make comfortable reading for those wishing to see those at the top of the service leading from the front on wage restraint
Steve Tatton
Report author
In 2008/09 , senior managers in NHS trusts linked to a national pay agreement received a 2.2 % rise , while nurses got 2.75 % in 2008/09 and 2.5 % in April this year .
Monday 's report showed the 6.9 % pay increase for chief executives in 2008 / 09 came on top of a 6.4 % rise in 2007 / 08 .
The highest - paid chief executive was at Guy 's and St Thomas ' NHS Foundation Trust in London , with £ 270,000 , the report said .
A spokesman for Guy's and St Thomas ' said : " The pay of our chief executive , Ron Kerr , reflects the experience , expertise and responsibility that the role demands , and we are delighted to have a chief executive of his calibre to lead the organisation .
" Guy 's and St Thomas ' is one of the largest , most complex and successful NHS Foundation Trusts in the country . "
The Department of Health said trusts were independent organisations that set their own levels of senior pay .
A spokesman said : " In December 2009 the Senior Salaries Review Body was asked to carry out benchmarking on all executive pay in the public sector , including foundation trusts .
" All pay arrangements over £ 150,000 a year must also now be publicly justified .
" NHS senior managers whose pay falls within the national framework will receive a 0 % uplift for the 2010 / 11 financial year . "
' Testing times '
At Heart of England NHS Foundation Trust , the chief executive received £ 237,500 while at Cambridge University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust , the chief executive was paid £ 217,500 .
Report author Steve Tatton said : " Our annual survey of NHS boardroom remuneration will not make comfortable reading for those wishing to see those at the top of the service leading from the front on wage restraint .
" These are undoubtedly testing times for those making decisions about how much to pay NHS chiefs - balancing recruitment and motivation against the need to keep tight control of the public purse - but it seems that the equation has fallen on the side of high salary awards with pay continuing to run ahead of the rest of the workforce . "
A union official with Unison , Mike Jackson , said managers did need to be paid a decent salary , but " it is not right for senior staff to get above inflation pay hikes , while the rest of the workforce get a below inflation pay deal . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Three men have been arrested under new legislation aimed at protecting women who have been forced into prostitution .
They were held by officers at an alleged brothel in Newham , east London , a Metropolitan Police spokesman said .
The men , two aged 37 and one aged 35 , were questioned on suspicion of paying for the sexual services of a prostitute subjected to force .
The 35 - year - old was given a caution .
A 25 - year - old woman was also arrested on suspicion of managing a brothel .
The arrests were made on the day new laws came into force to deal with men who , by paying for sex , are involved in forcing women into prostitution against their will .
' Trade of abuse ' From 1 April , a man paying for sex with a prostitute who is being exploited through force , deception or threats is breaking the law - regardless of whether or not he knows she is selling her body against her will .
Under the new legislation , courts have the power to close down premises associated with certain prostitution and pornography offences .
And a new penalty for the offence of soliciting will oblige sex workers to attend meetings at which they will be helped to leave prostitution .
Det Insp Kevin Hyland said : " Men who visit brothels and pay for sex are exploiting vulnerable woman and plying a trade of abuse .
" The new legislation , enforceable from today , means that people who pay for sex in brothels can be arrested and appear before the courts , which we hope will act as a deterrent to others . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Back in December , The Copper & Blue looked at Dustin Penner 's start and saw that he was on pace to do something that only Wayne Gretzky had been able to accomplish as a member of the Edmonton Oilers -- lead the team in Goals , Assists , Points , and +/-.
Gretzky did this four different times from 1981 - 1987 , and did one better .
Gretzky led the league in those four categories four times .
As Bruce said in the comments section :
99 led not just the Oilers but the NHL in all 4 categories in 4 different seasons between 1981 - 87 .
He lost the +/- crown to Charlie Huddy in ’ 82-83 and Mark Howe in ’ 85 - 86 , and Jari Kurri led the league in goals that same ’ 85 - 86 campaign , but in ’ 81 - 82 , ’83 - 84 , ’ 84 - 85 , and ’ 86 - 87 Gretzky swept the lot .
So Dustin Penner 's incredible season was n't just a great personal accomplishment , it was historic .
The Oilers have n't had much to hang their hats on this season , but this is certainly worth recognizing .
For the first time since 1986 - 1987 , one player led the Edmonton Oilers in all four categories .
Lowetide recapped Penner 's season thusly :
In the fall I wondered if he could deliver enough offense to stay on the 1line , and by spring I 'm convinced he could be the cornerstone of a 1 line for years to come .
This was a wonderful season delivered by a player in his prime and with many years of similar level production straight ahead .
In additional to the traditional stats , Penner swept the Oilers Advanced Stats categories as well .
He led the team in PTS / 60 , +-ON/60 , Corsi , and Scoring Chances Differential .
He also led the team in Shots .
Nearly every statistical category that that both traditionalists and microstats adherents track was dominated by Dustin Penner .
Year Player Goals Player
Assists
Player Points Player +/- 1988 Carson 49
Messier
61
Kurri 102 Muni
43
1989 Messier 45 Messier 84
Messier 129 Gregg
24 1990 Klima
40
Messier 52
Tikkanen
69 Klima
24
1991 Damphousse 38 Damphousse 51 Damphousse 89 Maciver
20 1992 Klima 32 Nicholls 32 Klima 48 Gelinas
3 1993 Arnott 33 Weight
50 Weight 74 Arnott
1 1994 Oliver 16 Weight 33 Weight 40 Kennedy
2 1995 Ciger 31 Weight 79 Weight 104 Satan
0 1996 Smyth 39 Weight 61 Weight 82 Marchment
13 1997 Weight 26 Weight 44 Weight 70 Tie
9 1998 Guerin 30 Guerin 34 Guerin 64 Poti
10 1999 Smyth 28 Weight 51 Weight 72 Smith
16 2000 Smyth 31 Weight 65 Weight 90 Tie
15 2001 Comrie 33 Niinimaa 39 Tie 60 Comrie
16 2002 Smyth 27 Marchant
40
Smyth 61 Reasoner
19 2003 Smyth 23
Smyth 36
Smyth 59 Ulanov 18
2004
2005 Smyth 36
Hemsky
58
Hemsky 77 Staios 10
2006 Smyth 31
Hemsky 40
Tie
53 Thoresen
-1
2007 Penner
23
Hemsky 51
Hemsky 71 Nilsson
8
2008 Tie 23
Hemsky 43
Hemsky 66 Grebeshkov
12 2009 Penner 32
Penner 31
Penner 63 Penner
6
Bruce points out that Penner really did n't lead the Oilers in +/- as both Ryan Whitney and Ales Hemsky outpaced him there , but neither player came close to playing enough qualifying games to be considered among the team leaders .
Bruce is calling this an asterisk , but I do n't see it that way as the rules for statistical qualification are have been in place for a long time .
Besides given the way this season went , more games for either of those two may have meant long runs of minus play .
Even with the asterisk , Penner becomes the fifth Oiler to lead the team in Goals , Assists and Points .
He would keep company with Mark Messier , Vincent Damphousse , Doug Weight and Ryan Smyth , but that only matters to Bruce .
Penner 's historical season places him on some rare ice , with only The Great One to keep him company .
The U.S. Air Force 's prototype X - 37B space plane will launch atop an United Launch Alliance Atlas 5 rocket in April 2010 on the Orbital Test Vehicle 1 test flight .
Launch - on - demand : Ideally , a small fleet of these space planes would be available for immediate launch , backed by a supply of specialized small satellites that could be pulled off the shelf and loaded into the space plane to perform critical missions .
The ultimate would be having these vehicles in an ?alert ?
status , similar to how fighters and bombers sat alert , during the Cold War , ready to deploy at - will .
Surprise factor :
On the first orbit , a space plane could capture data , before the ? target ?
knew it was coming .
Not as predictable as a satellite ?s orbit - at least on the first pass .
Flexibility : A space plane could be launched into any orbit , at any inclination , providing prompt ? eyes - on ? of virtually any area of the world .
Altitude could be varied , as well .
A space plane might also be used in a sub-orbital ?arc ?
flight profile , perform its duties , then be recovered at a remote air field half - way around the globe .
? Ultimately , weapons couldbe delivered from a spaceplane in low Earth orbit , ?
Scott said , citing a ?
Rods from God? scenario .
That idea is akin to a lawn - dart weapon idea that uses tungsten rods lobbedfrom space to hit a cross - haired target on the ground .
? I did a story aboutthe rods concept in 1994 or 1995 , based on concepts being discussed in the U.S. Air Force at the time , ?
Scott said .
?
Fifteen years later , maybe they ?re readyfor testing .?
Tactical advantage
Viewingthe X - 37B as a fascinating project , and one that fuels speculation is EverettDolman , Professor of Comparative Military Studies at the School of Advanced Airand Space Studies at the Maxwell - Gunter Air Force Base in Montgomery , Alabama .
? Itis not possible to tell yet whether the program is an example of the output ofbureaucratic inertia or the beginning of something much bigger , Dolman advised .
Thevalue of a true space plane to military thinkers and planners has long been evident , Dolman suggested , from thoughts in the early 1900s to the original grandvisions for the space shuttle .
Fast forward to today , in the case of the X - 37B , while none of the planned missions for the space plane are public as of yet , hecontinued , a few of the potential missions are easy to conjure up .
? Regardlessof its original intent , the most obvious and formidable is in service as aspace fighter - a remotely piloted craft capable of disabling multiplesatellites in orbit on a single mission and staying on orbit for months toengage newly orbited platforms , ?
Dolman said .
That capability ? would be atremendous tactical advantage .?
Furthermore , the small size of the X - 37B , coupled with maneuverability on orbit would makeit almost impossible for non U.S. space watchers to keep an eye on itswhereabouts , Dolman said .
Testplatform for what ?
Evenif it were not used to engage and disable satellites , Dolman said , it could bemaneuvered up close and personal to inspect orbiting satellites at a level ofdetail currently unimaginable .
?
With the anticipated increase innetworked - microsatellites in the next few years , such a platform might be thebest ?
and only ?
means of collecting technical intelligence in space .?
Dolmanalso sees another use for the automated X - 37B .
It could be pressed intoservice , he said , not only as a resupply vehicle for routine resupply ormaintenance of space platforms , even for the International Space Station as apublicly visible mission .
? Ifa reasonably - priced , reliable transport for supply and maintenance becomesoperational , a whole new set of on - orbit possibilities opens up , ?
Dolman noted .?What the U.S. Air Force has not had is a dedicated , secure platform forweapons research and , potentially , testing .?
Laser anddirected energy testing ?
to include relaying beams ?
could be done oncivilian platforms in small strengths for communications or power - generatingapplications .
Still , the results needed for weapons research would beunsatisfactory and potentially compromised , Dolman said .
?
All of the informationleaked about the X - 37B suggests its primary function will be as a testplatform , but a test platform for what ??
Whilethere will be some who suggest the X - 37B is a program that just limped along , ?it seems there are at least a few U.S. Air Force planners who are looking tothe future , as well as a few civilian supporters who see the value in areusable space plane , Dolman observed .
?
The X - 37B is a viable and importantproject whose time is past due .?
Technology - fedarms race
MarkGubrud is a physicist in the Laboratory for PhysicalSciences at the University of Maryland in College Park , and a proponent ofspace arms control .
As a robot shuttle , he senses that the X - 37B would finallygive the U.S. military flexible two - way access to space , as well as some in - planemaneuver capability in orbit .
TheX - 37B is a product , in part , of the maturing of robotics , space robotics , military robotics and the military 's confidence in robotics , Gubrud suggested .
? Weare seeing a partly technology - fed arms race .
But the technology for spaceweapons is still quite exquisite and needs extensive development and testing , ?
Gubrud said .
? I don?t see the X - 37 itself as a space weapon , because it is probably too expensive to use it that way , ?
he said , comparedwith the kind of alternatives ?
smaller , more specialized space weapons ?
thatthe X - 37B could be utilized to test and develop .
Gubrud pointed out there is a realistic way tolimit the threat posed by the X - 37 or similar vehicles produced by any country .
That is , to account for their numbers and demand that they be kept either inverifiable storage or in use for declared non-weapons purposes , and that thenumbers be commensurate with their declared purposes .
Tothat end , ? basic information about the payload mass and volume , burnoutvelocity , orbital maneuver capability and remotely observable characteristics , as well as the numbers of such vehicles , should berequired to be reported , ?
Gubrud suggested .
Gallery - Photos of the X - 37B Space Plane
Top 10 Weapons in History
Images - X Planes , Part 2 , Part 3
LeonardDavid has been reporting on the space industry for more than five decades .
Heis past editor - in - chief of the National Space Society 's Ad Astra and SpaceWorld magazines and has written for SPACE.com since 1999 .
' The following is not public ' document states
A confidential government report on the unfolding spill disaster in the Gulf makes clear the Coast Guard now fears the well could become an unchecked gusher shooting millions of gallons of oil per day into the Gulf .
" The following is not public , " reads the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Emergency Response document dated April 28 .
" Two additional release points were found today in the tangled riser .
If the riser pipe deteriorates further , the flow could become unchecked resulting in a release volume an order of magnitude higher than previously thought . "
Asked Friday to comment on the document , NOAA spokesman Scott Smullen said that the additional leaks described were reported to the public late Wednesday night .
Regarding the possibility of the spill becoming an order of magnitude larger , Smullen said , " I 'm letting the document you have speak for itself . "
In scientific circles , an order of magnitude means something is 10 times larger .
In this case , an order of magnitude higher would mean the volume of oil coming from the well could be 10 times higher than the 5,000 barrels a day coming out now .
That would mean 50,000 barrels a day , or 2.1 million gallons a day .
It appears the new leaks mentioned in the Wednesday release are the leaks reported to the public late Wednesday night .
" There is no official change in the volume released but the USCG is no longer stating that the release rate is 1,000 barrels a day , " continues the document , referred to as report No. 12 .
" Instead they are saying that they are preparing for a worst - case release and bringing all assets to bear . "
The emergency document also states that the spill has grown in size so quickly that only 1 to 2 percent of it has been sprayed with dispersants .
The Press - Register obtained the emergency report from a government official .
The White House , NOAA , the Coast Guard and BP Plc did not immediately return calls for comment made early this morning .
The
for the broken and leaking well pouring oil into the Gulf of Mexico would be the loss of the wellhead and kinked piping currently restricting the flow to 5,000 barrels -- or 210,000 gallons -- per day .
If the wellhead is lost , oil could leave the well at a much greater rate .
" Typically , a very good well in the Gulf can produce 30,000 barrels a day , but that 's under control .
I have no idea what an uncontrolled release could be , " said Stephen Sears , chairman of the petroleum engineering department at Louisiana State University .
On Thursday , federal officials said they were preparing for the worst - case scenario but did n't elaborate .
Kinks in the piping created as the rig sank to the seafloor may be all that is preventing the Deepwater Horizon well from releasing its maximum flow .
BP is now drilling a relief well as the ultimate fix .
The company said Thursday that process would take up to 3 months .
Gulf oil spill
See
continuing coverage of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill of 2010
on
al.com
and
GulfLive.com
.
To keep track of the Gulf of Mexico oil slick , visit
www.skytruth.org
or follow its
Twitter feed
.
Deepwater Horizon Response
Web site established by government officials .
To see updated projection maps related to the oil spill in the Gulf , visit theWeb site established by government officials .
How to help :
Volunteers eager to help cope with the spill and lessen its impact on the Gulf Coast environment and economy .
" I 'm not sure what 's happening down there right now .
I have heard there is a kink in what 's called the riser .
The riser is a long pipe that connects the wellhead to the rig .
I really do n't know if that kink is a big restriction .
Is that really a big restriction ?
There could be another restriction further down , " said LSU 's Sears .
" An analogy would be if you have a kink in a garden hose .
You suspect that kink is restricting the flow , but there could be another restriction or kink somewhere else closer to the faucet .
BP Plc executive Doug Suttles said Thursday the company was worried about " erosion " of the pipe at the wellhead .
Sand is an integral part of the formations that hold oil under the Gulf .
That sand , carried in the oil as it shoots through the piping , is blamed for the ongoing erosion described by BP .
" The pipe could disintegrate .
You 've got sand getting into the pipe , it 's eroding the pipe all the time , like a sandblaster , " said Ron Gouguet , a former oil spill response coordinator for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
" When the oil is removed normally , it comes out at a controlled rate .
You can still have abrasive particles in that .
Well , now , at this well , its coming out at fairly high velocity , " Gouguet continued .
" Any erosive grains are abrading the inside of the pipe and all the steel that comes in contact with the liquid .
It 's essentially sanding away the pipe . "
Gouguet said the loss of a wellhead is totally unprecedented .
" How bad it could get from that , you will have a tremendous volume of oil that is going to be offgassing on the coast .
Depending on how much wind is there , and how those gases build up , that 's a significant health concern , " he said .
The formation that was being drilled by Deepwater Horizon when it exploded and sank last week is reported to have tens of millions of barrels of oil .
A barrel contains 42 gallons .
Smullen described the NOAA document as a regular daily briefing .
" Your report makes it sound pretty dire .
It 's a scenario , " he said , " It 's a regular daily briefing sheet that considered different scenarios much like any first responder would . "
( Updated 5:57 p.m. to add response from NOAA spokesman . )
Thousands of pieces of free educational material — videos and podcasts of lectures , syllabuses , entire textbooks — have been posted in the name of the open courseware movement .
But how to make sense of it all ?
Businesses , social entrepreneurs and " edupunks , " envisioning a tuition - free world untethered by classrooms , have created Web sites to help navigate the mind - boggling volume of content .
Some sites tweak traditional pedagogy ; others aggregate , Hulu - style .
Academic Earth
Richard Ludlow started the nonprofit Academic Earth two years ago after M.I.T.'s OpenCourseWare helped him pass linear algebra as a Yale undergraduate .
His site offers the courses of 10 elite universities — 130 full courses and more than 3,500 video lectures .
Viewers can turn the tables on professors and grade courses .
Other guidance includes " Editor 's Picks " and " Playlists , " lectures selected around a theme like " First Day of Freshman Year " and " You Are What You Eat . "
Connexions
Connexions , started at Rice University 10 years ago , debundles education for the D.I.Y. learner .
Anyone can write a " module , " the term for instructional material that can be a single sentence or 1,000 pages .
Connexions hosts more than 16,000 modules that make up almost 1,000 " collections . "
A collection might be , say , an algebra textbook or statistics course .
The service generates 70 million to 80 million page views a month , according to its founder , Richard G. Baraniuk .
Readers can contact module creators with feedback or , because these are not immutable textbooks , to suggest edits .
" The whole idea is to grease the wheels to make content up to date and correct , " Mr. Baraniuk says .
Teachers , for instance , can re-work examples and exercises , then republish the textbook for their own students .
Before he was cranking out fuzzy indie rock tunes at an unconscionable clip , former Guided By Voices leader Robert Pollard was a high school sports star , excelling in basketball , baseball , and football at Dayton , Ohio's Northridge High School .
Pollard 's early accomplishments were honored recently when he was inducted into the school 's sports Hall of Fame , according to a Dayton Daily News report .
( Via LargeheartedBoy . )
Bob ( known as " Bobby " in high school , apparently ) was a star quarterback in high school , and went on to pitch his college 's first ever no hitter while at Wright State University in 1978 .
His brother Jimmy was also inducted into the Hall of Fame .
Gotta wonder if they have a Keg Stand Hall of Fame ...
Welcome to Slaves to Armok : God of Blood .
Armok is a single - player fantasy RPG closest perhaps to Hack , Rogue , ADOM , Larn , Angband , etc. , although it is quite distinct in many respects .
There are a number of major conceptual differences , and I 'm using graphics beyond the standard ASCII format , yet Armok shares the Rogue - like qualities of complexity and randomness .
Chapter II : Dwarf Fortress can be found here .
Impressive Performance Photography
Advertisement
Performance is an art .
High performance needs the impressive camera work .
Professional need right timing for capturing the photos .
This composition shows the impressive effects from this professional photographer .
New photographer can take as an example and learn the techniques .
Here are Impressive Performance Photography
Luplow ties game with two - run double in seventh
Jordan Luplow crushes a double off the wall in right , scoring two Indians and tying the game at 8 - 8 .
True Facts About The 44th President
A 44 - Part series of videos , brought to you by General Interest Studio .
Now that the weather offers reason enough to smile and the sun sticks around past 5 pm , an excuse for a day spent entirely inside is hard to come by .
Though I dearly loved those winter weekdays spent curled up with Taleggio and a bowl of bacon-y stew , listening to the wind howl outside my 5th floor tenement windows , it ’s hard to justify staying inside on a sunny spring afternoon , even when there ’s work to be done .
So what do I do when I have posts to pen , a grumbling stomach to fill and an urge to casually people - watch over iced tea and panini ?
I pack up my laptop and head to one of the city ’s many B + or better cafés boasting free internet access , of course !
In this New York City of culinary delights , one is n’t bound to Starbucks when the need for free wifi strikes .
In this town , we need n’t steal our neighbor ’s wireless ( for shame ! ) , or settle for subpar coffee , snacks and sandwiches .
We all have modest , local grub - hubs we swear by in times of need , but a surprisingly select few of these passable parlors we regularly patronize actually offer reliable wifi connections .
I ’ve spent the last many years collecting a list of B + or better eateries across Manhattan and Brooklyn that put their modems where your mouth is .
All are decent , some are sublime , and many require leaving my village nest to sate my taste for that rare pair of “ delicious convenience . ”
This is tech - savvy destination dining !
This is a meal that wo n’t slow down the hungry among us ; Skype , type or build Facebook hype while you taste , but do n’t forget to tip a little extra for that table it took them an added 20 minutes to turn while you went gaga on Google .
In alphabetical order , here are the first 12 of my top 24 places to find both free wifi and good food and drink in the city .
It ’s not a list of the 24 most transcendent dining experiences in New York , but it ’s as good as it gets when you ’re lugging a carrying case on your shoulder or lunching with your business partner ( and in my case , best friend ! ) to squeeze in a bite while you lock down a gig .
Log on and Eat it Up !
Top 24 Free Wifi Hotspots ( with B+ or Better Food Bites )
1. 88 orchard
A quiet , universally beloved café with a dim and cozy downstairs level .
Pastries , pressed sandwiches , Irving Farm coffee and a relaxed attitude toward lingerers make 88 Orchard a perfect spot to curl up when you ’re in the neighborhood .
Shelves of books and boardgames are also available for those who ’d like to disconnect .
Location : 88 Orchard Street , ( between Broome and Grand Streets ) , Manhattan
Hours : Mon-Thu 7:30 am - 11 pm , Fri 7:30 am - 12 am , Sat 8:30 am- 12 am , Sun 8:30 am- 10 pm
Standard Order : Grilled dill havarti with plum tomatoes on challah $ 7 , root beer float $ 4.50
2. Atlas Café
Vegetarian , and vegan - friendly , Atlas Café is a local favorite for Middle Eastern and Mediterranean fare .
Tunisian salad , Moroccan chicken and vegan pastrami all jostle for a place on the tiny , colorful tables .
Sit out on the sidewalk and enjoy the Second Avenue street view while you work .
Location : 73 Second Avenue ( near 4th Street ) , Manhattan
Hours : Sun-Thu 7 am - 12 am , Fri-Sat 7 am - 1am
Standard Order : Tunisian eggs Mergez $ 5.95 , vegan Philly steak $ 6.95
3. Baked
So good that it has its own cookbook , and yet people still complain about the trip to Red Hook .
But does your local bakery have dense , intensely chocolaty brownies , light and luscious homemade marshmallows , sweet and crunchy granola and bourbon chocolate pecan pie ?
No ?
I did n’t think so .
Take the water taxi , it ’s worth the trip .
Even Oprah likes them .
Location : 359 Van Brunt Street ( between Dikeman and Wolcott Streets ) , Brooklyn
Hours : Mon-Fri 7 am - 7 pm , Sat - Sun 8 am - 7pm
Standard Order : Grasshopper brownie $ 2.50 , house blend granola $ 6 , small hot chocolate with homemade marshmallow $ 4
4. Building on Bond
Beer , coffee and high class design — not an unexpected combination for Boerum Hill .
With foldable tables ( a patron describes it as “ like one giant erector set ” ) , local art and a beer tap setup you have to see to believe , BOB gracefully accommodates not only morning coffee hunters , but brunching mothers and happy hour crowds as well .
Play your cards right and you might even pick up a budding architect at the next table .
Location : 112 Bond Street ( between Atlantic and Pacific ) , Brooklyn
Hours : Mon-Sun 7 am - 1am
Standard Order : Dr. Vu chicken wings $ 7.50 , macaroni and cheese $ 6
5. Caffe Reggio
Good old Caffe Reggio .
Since 1927 , this Village standby has been in the business of providing exactly what you expect of it : cozy chairs , suitably dim lighting , antiqued surroundings and European coffees and pastries , plus the knowledge that you could be sitting in the same seat as Jack Kerouac once did .
Well , figuratively at least .
Location : 119 MacDougal Street ( near 3rd Street ) , Manhattan
Hours : Open daily from 10 am - 2am
Standard Order : Tiramisu $ 5.25 , Viennese coffee $ 4.50
6. Centro Vinoteca
Very chic , very contemporary , and very Italian , Centro Vinoteca ’s menu is ideal for grazers with plenty of delicious small plates to tide you over , unsurprising since Vinoteca ’s former chef , Anne Burrell , is a protégée of Batali .
Though she ’s since left the restaurant , it remains a tasty spot for brunch and browsing .
Location : 74 7th Ave South ( near Barrow Street ) , Manhattan
Hours : Mon-Fri 12 pm - 12 am , Sat - Sun 11 am - 12am
Standard Order : Truffled deviled eggs $ 4 , bocconcini with fresh tomato jam $ 11 , whole wheat pappardelle with wild mushrooms $ 15
7. Chelsea Market
Each time I walk into Chelsea Market I feel like a kid in a candy store .
Ever -expanding , deliciously smelling , and wired from top to bottom for us laptop - luggers , the market really could n’t get any better .
Home to Amy ’s Bread , Ninth Street Espresso , Fat Witch , Ronnybrook Dairy , Dickson ’s and many others worth lingering over .
Location : 75 9th Avenue ( between 15th and 16th Streets ) , Manhattan
Hours : Mon-Sat 7 am - 10 pm , Sun 10 am - 8 pm .
Shop and store hours vary
Standard Order : Cappucino from 9th Street Espresso $ 4 , brie and apple sandwich from Amy ’s Bread $ 7.25
8. Ditch Plains
Like a day at the shore , if the shore was equipped sleek modern seating , free wifi , an extensive wine list , and sand - free lobster rolls .
A long list of ( mostly fried ) appetizers provides excellent munching while you type and tipple .
Upscale fish shacks might have started as a trend , but after four years in the neighborhood , its comfort chic food and half - bottles of wine are as beloved as ever .
Location : 29 Bedford Street ( at Downing Street ) , Manhattan
Hours : Open 7 days a week from 11 am - 2am
Standard Order : Oyster shooter with vodka $ 8 , lobster roll and sweet potato chips $ 25
9. Ella Café
A crunchy - chic café with enough organic fare to keep you happily munching all day long .
Chef Oleg Lyaskoronskiy , formerly of Gramercy Tavern , has carved out a clean , European space on Bedford Avenue that ’s worth a trip across the river .
Curl up in the back garden with a fresh - squeezed pear juice and soak up the Billyburg sunshine .
Location : 177 Bedford Avenue ( between 7th and 8th Streets ) , Brooklyn
Hours : Mon-Fri 8 am - 10 pm , Sat 9 am - 10 pm , Sun 10 am - 9:30 pm
Standard Order : Organic kielbasa skillet $ 9.95 , avocado salad $ 8.95 , lemon berry smoothie $ 6.50
10 . Epistrophy
This tiny wine bar has an Italian heart , from its waiters , to its menu , to its low - key ambiance and sidewalk seating .
Relax by the open windows with a glass of Nero d’Avola or a panino during the day , or sit down to a light dinner of luscious pancetta - flecked orecchiette in the evening .
You can while away an entire day here , without ever interrupting the daydream that you ’re in a café in Trastevere .
Location : 200 Mott Street ( near Spring Street ) , Manhattan
Hours : Sun-Thu 11:30 am - 12 am , Fri-Sat 11:30 am- 1am
Standard Order : Panino con salmone $ 10 , orecchiette con radicchio e pancetta $ 11 , coppa stracciatella $ 6.50
11 . Jacques Torres
If you ’re anything like me , being surrounded by the scent of melting chocolate is n’t distracting , it ’s inspiring .
Grab a mug of “ wicked ” hot chocolate with ancho chilis and cinnamon and watch the chocolate factory workers mold the week ’s treats while you set about working ( up an appetite for more ) .
Location : 350 Hudson Street ( at King Street ) , Manhattan
Hours : Mon-Sat 9 am - 7 pm , Sun 10 am - 6pm
Standard Order : Wicked hot chocolate $ 3 , the BEST chocolate chip cookie in NYC $ 2.50
12 . Joseph Leonard
Go early ( or if you ’re like me , go late ) — with under 10 tables , this intimate gem of a space fills up quickly , and the food is too delicious not to linger over .
From its flatware to its marrow bones , everything at this neighborhood restaurant is carefully prepared for maximum comfort , and the richness of the space ( and the grits ) is sure to charm the most hardened heart .
Far and away , Mr. Leonard is the hot new man about my corner of town !
Location : 170 Waverly Place ( at Grove Street ) , Manhattan
Hours : Mon 5:30 am - 12 am , Tue - Fri 8 am - 2am , Sat 10:30 am - 2 am , Sun 10:30 am - 12am
Standard Order : Oysters $ 1.50 each , crispy braised pork hock $ 24 , Anson Mills grits $ 5
To be continued …
‘ Who Needs a Playground When the Children Are Dying ? ’
View photos of Camp Shahraqi Mawjirin .
CAMP SHAHRAQI MAWJIRIN —
The salt - frosted desert outside the settlement curves into the horizon , as though the refugees here needed another reminder that they live on the edge of the earth .
We walk out of the camp and head northeast , toward where the world ends .
A hundred or so paces away from the last hut of crumbling mud brick , a colorful , shiny playground rises out of the barren earth , like a twisted joke played on the 145 families dumped in this forlorn wasteland .
Because who needs a playground , asks Fateh Mohammad , his mouth contorted into a warped smile , when there is no food ?
Who needs a playground when the houses are falling apart ?
Who needs these two red and blue metal slides , four swings , two soccer goals , and a seesaw , Fateh Mohammad demands as the smile fades from this man ’s sun-browned face completely , when the children are dying ?
The cemetery is not far from the playground ; you find it easily if you follow the curve of the earth along the periphery of the camp .
There are 10 graves .
They are unmarked , elongated mounds of clay .
Seven belong to children .
It is not difficult to tell them apart :
They are half the size of the adult graves .
They are decorated with rocks , cheap trinkets , rainbows of broken glass bracelets , a shard of a plastic salad bowl .
The salt that cakes the desert floor percolates to the surface of the mounds above the dead children , like dry tears .
The one on the southern edge belongs to Fateh Mohammad ’s son , Amir .
He died last winter ; he was two years old .
He had been sick , incessantly coughing the frightening , dark cough of poor children from the slums .
Next to his grave is the grave of Nurkhan , the grandson of Meher Ahbuddin , the village elder who wears a watch on each wrist .
Nurkhan died around the same time as Amir ; he was 4 .
Meher Ahbuddin thinks the weather killed him .
It was a cold winter , so cold that the generator - operated pump froze , and the refugees had to collect ice from frozen puddles on the road and melt it in their pots for drinking .
“ We had no warm clothes , ” Meher Ahbuddin explains .
“ One morning we woke up , and he did not . ”
Ajabkhan , the grandson of Abdul Samat , a tall man with a tribal tattoo on his right wrist that looks like Tamashek writing , is buried two graves away .
Ajabkhan was a year and a half when he died , of some disease no one can explain to me .
The cemetery is marked by a tall , uneven wooden pole flying a green flag , planted there by the refugees .
The playground is marked by a large billboard , planted there by government contractors .
“ Title of Project : Creating Livelihood Opportunities for Refugees in North Afghanistan .
Project Code : 02 AFR .
Component : Play Ground and safe Play area , ” the billboard proclaims in blue letters .
“ Donor : Bureau of Population , Refugees and Migration ( United States of America ) . ”
What the billboard really says is that the international aid that is supposed to help rebuild Afghanistan is tragically failing .
I came here from Mazar - e - Sharif , about 15 miles to the south .
Like Afghanistan ’s capital , Kabul , Mazar - e - Sharif has blossomed in the eight years since my first visit : Internet cafés jostle for space with fancy pizza parlors , old turbaned men sell cell phone scratch cards on street corners , scarlet and pink roses bloom in the medians , and there is electricity most of the time .
Today , many Afghan cities are like this .
But much of rural Afghanistan , like Camp Shahraqi Mawjirin , has been frozen in time .
Eight years after the U.S. - led invasion pushed the Taliban out of most of the country , child mortality here remains second only to Sierra Leone’s .
Fourteen children die here every half hour , largely from preventable causes .
Two - thirds of Afghans still do n’t have access to potable water , and slightly more than a quarter of all adults can read and write .
Is there something inevitable , then , about the return of the Taliban to Afghanistan ’s northern farmlands ?
“ When there is no work , and no money , young people are pushed to theft , to robbery , to joining the Taliban , ” Abdul Ansari , one of the imams at the Blue Mosque in Mazar - e - Sharif , told me the other day .
Partly because NATO and the international donors have focused most of their attention on Afgahnistan ’s troubled south , and partly because of the extraordinary corruption of the kleptocracy in Kabul , the international recovery effort has barely reached the villages — and the projects that did make it here often came in the form of twisted , absurd donations like the playground in Camp Shahraqi Mawjirin .
The camp is home to 145 Afghan families who , three years ago , heeded President Hamid Karzai ’s call to return from exile after living in Pakistan for more than 20 years .
They were enticed by promises of housing and jobs .
The government gave each family a small plot of land in this salt desert — land that will never bear anything but rocks and some sparse blades of grey weeds .
The United States donated the playground , a clinic , and a school for boys .
The clinic is a neat concrete building painted pale blue , with a staircase and a ramp , thoughtfully installed for wheelchair - bound patients .
( I try to explain the ramp to Meher Ahbuddin , the settlement elder .
He stares at me blankly .
Who here could ever afford a wheelchair ? )
The clinic is absolutely bare :
There is no medicine , and no medicine cabinets to hold it ; there are no chairs , no cots , no desks in the doctors ’ offices .
There are no doctors — just like at the school , there are no teachers .
White curlicues of peeling paint lie on desks and chairs .
The classrooms have an eerie feel to them , as though the school were the site of a recent nuclear catastrophe .
“ It ’s like we live in a cemetery , ” Abdul Samat says , crushing a bit of paint with the toe of his sandal .
The main problem is that there are no jobs , Abdul Samat tells me .
The nearest village is about an hour and a half away by foot , and it is almost as poor as the camp .
There are some jobs in Mazar - e - Sharif , but the trip to the city is 80 cents and 30 minutes over unpaved roads in a van so crowded that some men end up standing up in the open door , grabbing onto the roof and the windows as the dusty wind worries at the loose tails of their shalwar kameez .
Few in Camp Shahraqi Mawjirin can afford the ride .
Because there is no work , there is also no food .
People bring discarded dry bread from the village , soak it in boiling water , and eat the glop .
Boiling the water is tricky , too .
There is no firewood , and the women make brittle cooking fires with the dried grass their children gather in the desert .
I think of these children when the villagers offer to bring me tea .
As politely as I can , I say that I ’m not thirsty .
At the entrance to the settlement , I see some men with pushcarts shoveling rock .
Meher Ahbuddin says they are trying to build a road .
But to me it looks as though they are working simply not to be idle in the motionless , dead desert .
When they spot our car , from a quarter of a mile away , they stop and watch , leaning on their shovels .
We are a wonder , an apparition .
No one ever comes here in a car .
A Sydney court has heard a mother forced her 13 - year - old daughter into a sex act with a truck driver in exchange for diesel fuel .
The girl 's mother and the truck driver have been found guilty of a combined total of more than 60 charges .
During sentencing submissions for the 31 - year - old driver , Downing Centre District Court heard that the girl was abused several times in 2004 .
The court heard that on Fathers '
Day her mother dropped her off on the F3 freeway between Sydney and Newcastle and forced her into the cabin of the man 's truck .
Prosecutors say the mother later siphoned diesel from the truck in exchange for the child .
The prosecutor said they should face similar sentences because the offences were part of a joint criminal enterprise .
Sex , Drugs and Plagiarism Did the New Star of German Literature Steal from a Blogger ?
Bestselling 17 - year - old German writer Helene Hegemann is being accused of plagiarism after it was revealed that her debut novel contains passages lifted from a blog about sex and drugs in Berlin 's techno scene .
She denies she did anything wrong .
Songs for a Sinking Ship
by April Smith and the Great Picture Show
Even after years playing football , David Striegl had never got into a fight - until he was knocked out cold by a rogue kangaroo .
Mr Striegl , 25 , was running up Canberra 's Mount Ainslie during his lunchbreak on Thursday and did not think twice when he spotted one of the resident roos nearby .
The bushland reserve in the nation 's capital is popular with joggers and cyclists , and assaults by the marsupials who share the mountain are rare .
Mr Striegl was knocked unconscious and remembers little about the attack .
" I turned around and before I knew it , it took a swipe at my face , " he said .
It ’s no surprise that it ’s hard to exercise on a hot day .
You go slower .
An easy workout is grueling .
You have no endurance .
The reasons are also no surprise .
Blood is directed to the skin for cooling , which means it is diverted from working muscles .
The hotter it is , and the harder the effort , the harder exercise becomes .
Eventually , you slow down or stop , unable to go on .
Exercise physiologists debate why .
It could be that muscles are starved for blood .
It could be that the brain gets too hot .
It could be that the heart eventually can’t beat fast enough to satisfy all the demands for blood .
But even without knowing why , researchers have found they can delay the time to utter exhaustion by getting people a bit chilled before they start .
So companies sell devices , like cooling vests to wear before exercise , or even portable cold baths for prerace immersion .
Researchers have tested methods like having athletes swim for an hour in cold water or sit in a cold room or stand in a cold shower .
No matter what the method , companies and researchers report a precooling effect .
The problem is that none of the methods are easy , cheap and practical .
But now , a New Zealand endurance athlete and exercise researcher says he has found a method that is .
All you have to do is drink an ice slurry , also known as a slushie , before exercising .
In a new study , he reports that young male recreational athletes who drank a syrup - flavored ice slurry just before running on a treadmill in hot room could keep going for an average of 50 minutes before they had to stop .
When they drank only syrup - flavored cold water , they could run for an average of 40 minutes .
" The authors report a field experiment with skateboarders that demonstrates that physical risk taking by young men increases in the presence of an attractive female .
This increased risk taking leads to more successes but also more crash landings in front of a female observer .
Mediational analyses suggest that this increase in risk taking is caused in part by elevated testosterone levels of men who performed in front of the attractive female .
In addition , skateboarders ' risk taking was predicted by their performance on a reversal - learning task , reversal - learning performance was disrupted by the presence of the attractive female , and the female ’s presence moderated the observed relationship between risk taking and reversal learning .
These results suggest that men use physical risk taking as a sexual display strategy , and they provide suggestive evidence regarding possible hormonal and neural mechanisms . "
Thanks to Anne for today 's ROFL !
Image : flickr / fotologic
Related content : Discoblog : NCBI ROFL : Dizziness in discus throwers is related to motion sickness generated while spinning .
Discoblog : NCBI ROFL : And September 's " No sh*t , Sherlock " award goes to …
Discoblog : NCBI ROFL : Surprising study finds that little old ladies enjoy playing bingo .
New Zealand artist Lisa Black modifies broken taxidermy animals with mechanical parts such as antique hardware or old clock parts .
After finding a damaged , stuffed fawn at a garage sale , she was so inspired that she decided she felt she had to “ fix ” it by adding mechanical limbs , organs , and other crucial pieces .
Some of her work , like the crocodile seen below , even includes working gears in place of the heart .
Despite what one might think , Lisa ’s work is driven by a desire to celebrate the beauty of animals .
She is a highly passionate person with a deep respect for the animal kingdom .
Her work is also somewhat influenced by the trans - humanist movement , a belief that is helping humanity embrace the use of technology on an intimate level .
More Info : Lisa Black portfolio
Tweet
O'Leary 's success story starts where most entrepreneurs begin : with a big idea and zero cash .
From his basement , he launched SoftKey Software Products .
As sales took off , O'Leary moved to headquarters in Cambridge , Mass. , and went on an industry consolidating acquisition binge .
From 1995 to 1999 , he bought almost every one of his software competitors .
In 1999 , O'Leary sold his company to the Mattel Toy Company for 3.7 billion dollars , one of the largest deals ever done in the consumer software industry
O'Leary then founded his own mutual fund company , O'Leary Funds .
O'Leary searches globally for opportunities in fast growing emerging markets and invests in companies that pay rich dividends .
When he's not squeezing the market from his office in West Palm Beach , he travels the world looking for new opportunities to deploy his capital .
O'Leary is a founding investor and director of Stream Global , an international business outsourcing company ; he is on the investment committee of Boston 's prestigious 200 - year - old Hamilton Trust ; and is the chairman of O'Leary Funds .
He also serves on the executive board of The Richard Ivey School of Business .
Almond trees can be found in Asia , Europe , North America and Africa .
In the United States , virtually all those for commercial sale are produced in California .
Grocery stores may carry raw ones for cooking , roasted ones for snacking , ground ones for pastes and chopped almonds for garnishes and salads .
They are very high in the good form of cholesterol , and are often treated with hickory - smoked salts or other savory flavors .
The designation " bitter almond " does not necessarily mean a disagreeable bitterness .
Extracts from them are used to flavor a very flavorful liqueur called amaretto .
The slight bitterness is a distinctive characteristic of amaretto , which is often mixed with orange juice or other sweet mixer to balance it out .
They are also processed into slivers and whole pieces for salads and casseroles .
The bitter form is also used in cooking , but it must first be processed in the raw stage .
Bitter almonds contain a toxic amount of prussic acid , which can be further refined into a poison called cyanide .
Consuming a handful of unprocessed , raw ones can lead to death from this poison .
Consequently , the prussic acid must be leached out before they can be used by humans as food .
Sweet almonds can also be processed into essential oils or extracts .
The extract is commonly used as an alternative to vanilla extract in diabetic - safe recipes .
The sweet type are often roasted and turned into slivers or chunks for texture in ice creams or puddings .
Almonds come in two varieties , sweet and bitter .
Sweet almonds are used in many Asian dishes , as well as dessert pastes and garnishes .
A popular use for crushed sweet almonds is a European candy base called marzipan .
They are mixed with glucose and water to form a thick but pliable paste .
Marzipan can be molded into cookies or other identifiable shapes by skilled dessert makers .
Although many of us would consider almonds to be nuts , scientifically speaking they are closer to peach pits .
They are actually the fruits of deciduous ( meaning that the leaves fall off every year ) trees originally found in Asia and North Africa .
Instead of growing a sweet fleshy pulp around the seed , almonds develop a leathery coating .
Beneath this shell lies a hardened pit with a dark skin , much like a pit from a freestone peach .
A regular wiseGEEK contributor , Michael enjoys doing research in order to satisfy his wide - ranging curiosity about a variety of arcane topics .
Before becoming a professional writer , Michael worked as an English tutor , poet , voice - over artist , and DJ .
Discussion Comments
anon349301 September 24 , 2013
I was eating about 30 almonds each morning before I went to work .
After about two months of this , I started having a funny feeling in my upper chest , right behind the sternum like my heart was jumping and twisting .
I thought I was having the beginning of a heart attack .
Then a co-worker suggested I stop eating the almonds .
The next day , no more funny feeling in my chest .
These almonds were purchased at a national shopping chain and are commercially produced .
anon319826 February 15 , 2013
I bit into an almond and it had a lot of oil in the middle , it like exploded in my mouth .
It kind of freaked me out .
Is that normal ?
anon305688 November 27 , 2012
Almonds are a commodity item , and California is by far the largest and finest producer of this high quality food .
Unfortunately , there are processors and handlers that are taking advantage of this leadership position .
There are some less than reputable processors that are flirting with this reputation , by selling and shipping product of a lesser grade , selling product that is not the specified variety , selling imported product as California product .
According to the law , each instance of the violations above is punishable buy a $ 1,000 fine , and continued abuse of these irregularities also incurs a five year jail term .
Some organic almonds are processed in such a way as to potentially render these products non-organic ( cross contamination with non-organic materials ) .
Certificates and credentials obtained by these facilities are not a true or reliable measure of the products authenticity .
anon244447 February 1 , 2012 Bitter almonds contain B - 17 which cures cancer .
The disinformation is dubbed real information and is a farce .
anon240896 January 16 , 2012
Thanks for all the info on almonds .
Question 1 . I am assuming Marzipan which is a processed product from almonds is pasteurized ?
I believe the answer is yes .
Question 2 . Horses can eat sugar and cookies as a treat on occasion , unlike other animals .
Is Marzipan considered poisonous to horses ?
The raw seed and bark are ( as in humans ) , but what about a Marzipan treat for a horse ?
This is n't a joke .
I run an animal assisted therapy farm and we are looking to do fundraising with Marzipan candies .
Thanks !
anon212380 September 6 , 2011 I am allergic to raw almonds but if they are roasted , I can eat them .
anon168102 April 15 , 2011 Politics aside , as a kid ( I live in California ) I gathered a bunch of rancid almonds from the ground of an almond tree in my parents ' front yard , tried to make a milkshake with them in a blender ( hey , I was a kid ) and wound up in Poison Control with cyanide poisoning vomiting my guts out .
So , yes , though it is probably rare , it does happen and is n't some weird government plot .
anon161954 March 22 , 2011
Yes , it is correct .
In Chinese , almond is xing ren .
However , together they mean almond , not apricot pit .
The ren in xing ren is used to refer to any seed or nut that has been hulled .
anon142689 January 13 , 2011
I find it very interesting that despite the deaths of thousands due to drugs that should have never been put on the market that are proclaimed safe by the Food and Drug Administration , the US found " raw " bitter almonds to be an even greater threat .
Yet , I can find no information on an epidemic of death by toxicity due to " raw " bitter almonds before 2007 or after .
Hundreds of people need to die first before the government will even bother to recall an unsafe car , drug or unsafe toy .
Need I even mention alcohol or cigarettes ?
Oh .
I am sorry , alcohol has been proclaimed " heart healthy . "
The problem is alcohol is a drug and by definition , a drug cannot be heart or any organ healthy for that matter .
I digress .
I would think that " raw " bitter almond deaths would have been big news : " Man dies from eating an overdose of " raw " bitter almonds . "
" another senseless death as a child dies from consuming " raw " bitter almonds . "
" Just retired elderly woman robbed of her golden years tragically after eating " raw " bitter almonds . "
What I can find is that cancer treatments can range from 20 to 40 thousand dollars per person with approximately 1.5 million cases in the US projected in 2010 .
Do the math .
With that kind of money at stake , any " cure " for cancer will not have a chance .
So , are " raw " bitter almonds a cure for cancer ?
The answer is we will not likely ever definitively find out .
If you live to be 150 and proclaim the secret is 10 " raw " bitter almonds every day , your statement will be dismissed , edited or never included in the interview release .
Can bitter almonds kill you ?
Of course , just like drinking too much water and holding your urine .
Or hitting your head .
You could choke to death while eating a bitter almond .
If bitter almonds was such an effective method of death , why from 1990 - 2002 in NY there were only 17 confirmed suicides due to cyanide ?
Yet the 17 people actually had access to the more pure form of cyanide from their profession ?
Would it not have been easier to just take a handful of the alleged highly toxic bitter almonds ?
I again digress .
Please people , you have to just stop and think .
What makes more sense : " Raw " bitter almonds are deadly , our government banned the sale of " raw " bitter almonds because they cared , and the safety and health of the country has the highest priority .
Or cancer treatment , which is a 30 billion dollar industry and the beneficiaries of that $ 30 billion are not going to lose it , stopping at nothing to keep it going politically , financially , legally and illegally ?
Besides , cancer has turned out to be a nice method of population control .
Unlike China or India where their good health has cost them exponential population and geometric poverty .
I again ask , if " raw " bitter almonds was such a threat then why not regulated it like they did Sudafed purchases .
For years people were illegally making big bucks producing methamphetamine with the purchase of boxes and boxes of Sudafed on a single purchase and the DEA knew .
Finally , now you are limited on how much you can buy and must provide ID .
Why did n't they just ban Sudafed or take action sooner ?
Consider this :
Take more than 240mg ( eight tablets ) of Sudafed and that is considered an overdose .
It allegedly takes 50 " raw " bitter almonds before there could be a concern – although there is no proof of this as I could not find any deaths that were due to toxicity of " raw " bitter almonds from consumption .
So just package " raw " bitter almonds in packs of say 30 and require ID and report it to the government .
The best cure is prevention .
Once you have cancer , it is kind of silly to try to properly dose a purer form of cyanide .
However , " raw " bitter almonds do not contain pure cyanide .
I digress .
Knowledge is power .
You just have to ask the right questions .
anon136672 December 23 , 2010 you all should check out a book called " World without Cancer " and judge for yourself whats the right thing to do .
-- jo
anon78252 April 17 , 2010
A almond producing company is having trouble because the skins are falling off during production .
Does anyone have a guess as to why this is happening ?
anon74364 April 1 , 2010 I just bought some almonds from the store and ate a handful and have been throwing up for the last 15 mins .
I had to do some research to see if i was dying .
Thank you for the information above , i guess there are still traces of poison in the ones i took and i have a very sensitive stomach .
anon64959 February 10 , 2010
So that 's what happened to me .
I spent some time in nigeria as a kid .
I eat a a heap of those and almost died from food poisoning .
could not stop throwing up .
even though there was nothing in there anymore .
it was crazy !
Tchay January 28 , 2010 anon62678 , I appreciate your comment , but I was referring to the bitter almonds .
I am not talking about US sold almonds , which are not technically raw .
DocRock , I have " heard " of numerous accounts where people will eat the raw " bitter " almonds their whole life without any issues .
Are you saying that this is not possible ?
Also , are imported almonds from Brazil ( the ones that Trader Joe 's sells ) poisonous ?
Since they are not actually processed , then the supposed cyanide would still be present , right ?
Two more things : first , it was my understanding that the cyanide was only poisonous if mixed with another chemical and thus bitter almonds would not harm humans .
Second , do the pasteurized ( at 115 degrees ) almonds have any significant nutritional value that comes close to that of purely raw almonds ?
If so , then I would have no problem eating pasteurized almonds ; however , I have heard that truly raw almonds are much more healthy - to the point of preventing most cancers .
DocRock January 28 , 2010 OK guys , let an MD answer this .
It is true that if you eat too many truly raw bitter almonds , you will get cyanide poisoning .
But ...
If you live in the United States of America , then you are not eating truly raw almonds .
Starting in 2007 , all almonds in the USA , Canada , and Mexico are required to be pasteurized by law .
This even applies to " organic " products .
So , if you live in the good ol ' US of A , eat as many as you want .
anon62678 January 28 , 2010 Tchay -
You probably should n't let yourself get so upset over almonds , first of all .
But more importantly , I think you might have misread the article .
It said one type of almond ( bitter , unprocessed almonds -- not the sweet version that you typically buy at your local store ) can contain toxic amounts of whatever .
I do n't think you can make the logical jump from that to eating almonds will kill you .
Best , Sara - a grateful follower of Internet publications since it helps spread information that some people otherwise would n't have been able to attain ! :)
Tchay January 27 , 2010 Sites like this make me so mad .
Not only are they making a controversial claim without any scientific evidence to back it up , they happen to be wrong .
Viewers , do not lose hope after reading this load of horse crap .
Are truly raw almonds safe to eat ??
Ask these four people : a doctor , a chemist , a botanist , a person who has been eating truly raw almonds their whole life .
Ask those four individuals ( and then some ) and you will have your answer .
And I mean actually , physically talk to them .
Cyberspace is not the place for truth - which is why I am not making a definite claim about truly raw almonds .
Now , if you will excuse me , I am going to shove a handful of raw poisonous almonds down my throat .
masarati December 2 , 2009
Almost every time that I eat a peach or a nectarine , I get the pit , crack it with a hammer and eat the almond inside it .
It 's a bit bitter but I like it and it is not poisonous , at least I am still alive .
What happens is that the seed has two main compounds : the cyanide and the benzaldehide , both poisonous , but the combination of both makes it perfectly OK , just like salt .
Sodium and chloride , each one of them is a poison , but in combination are not poisonous .
Disclaimer : if you eat them , ask your doctor .
I am not recommending anything .
Continue with the information : " The Hunza Tribe " in Asia eat this bitter almond of the peaches and apricot all the time , they claim to live an average of 160 years and they do not get cancer , which cannot coexist if you eat this seed on regular basis .
The women from the Hunza tribe get the apricot seed and they make an oil to apply in their skin and women at age 80 look like in their 20's .
Again I am not advocating the use of this .
If you want to try it research it further on your own and ask your doctor ( this is further disclaiming in this suit country ) .
One thing I would appreciate if someone could tell me where to buy these bitter almonds , specially the organic type .
Trader Joe 's used to sell them now they do n't have them any more .
anon52046 November 11 , 2009 i want to eat to raw , bitter almonds .
Is it OK ?
please confirm .
masarati November 10 , 2009 Hello , could anybody tell me where to buy " poor man 's almond " ?
is the " almond that is inside the pit of peaches and apricots .
Traders
Joesd use to sell them , but they discontinued .
It has substances that fight cancer .
I would appreciate your help , since I want to buy it for the mother of a friend that has advanced stage cancer .
anon46738 September 28 , 2009 I was eating a peach last night and the pit opened and the seed inside looked and tasted very much like an almond .
But I did n't eat the whole thing because I was worried it might be poisonous .
anon36884 July 15 , 2009
I discovered by accident that the pit of a nectarine has a nut also , it tastes like almond , which brought me to this site to read up ....
anon17545 September 1 , 2008 Family : I doubt they would be edible .
XP
minombre yesterday
Since almonds and peaches belong to the same family they can pollinate each other if growing in the close proximity .
Almonds will produce much better if pollen is available from another tree .
anon11160 April 9 , 2008 apricot pits are bitter almonds .
anon6399 December 28 , 2007 apricot pits are often used as a substitute for bitter almonds .
gmza
anon1628 June 9 , 2007
I 've heard that the Chinese translation of almond is xing ren , which means apricot pit .
I do n't think that is true , but the the chinese friend who told me insists that it is true .
Is it ?
can2family April 19 , 2007
There was mention that almonds are much like the inside of a peach pit ... is the almond looking portion on the inside of a peach edible ?
anon232 April 19 , 2007
I think you mean they are high in good fats , ie monounsaturated .
Plants do not contain cholesterol , only animal products do .
Plants however do contain compounds that can effect cholesterol .
Almonds are also quite nutritrous despire being calorie dense .
Post your comments
Flore is a free Android game in which you want to fill your garden with yellow flowers that bad red flowers try to choke to death .
Flore is a product of the Ludogene project , on whose site you 'll find other free games and a forum .
Rules
The basic rule is very simple : a flower surrounded by four flowers or more suffocates and dies .
The central flower is surrounded by four other flowers ... ... and so it dies .
Screenshots
You win if you manage to kill 12 red flowers and you lose if Android kills 12 yellow flowers .
Flore is available for all orientations , size and formats of Android devices , from the smallest phone to the biggest tablet .
Download
You can download Flore from the market using the following QR code :
If for any reason , you have difficulties finding or installing Flore , please contact me .
History
2010/04/26 version 1.0.0 : First version on the market !
version 1.0.0 : First version on the market !
2010/04/25 version 1.0.0 beta
02 : This version brings internationalization : the game is now in English and in French
version 1.0.0 beta
02 : This version brings internationalization : the game is now in English and in French 2010/04/24 version 1.0.0 beta 01 : Beta version is available for tests
version 1.0.0 beta 01 : Beta version is available for tests
2010/04/07 version 1.0.0 alpha 01 : First version ( alpha ) is available for tests
Android development
I 'm Denys Seguret .
I like to develop free games at nights but most of the time I 'm designing complex softwares for a very serious company : www.keods.com.
If you have a project involving Artificial Intelligence , or Android development , or process control , maybe we can help you .
If you think so , send me an email .
And even fewer dentists signed up to volunteer Wednesday and Thursday , he said .
The experience on the first day raised questions about whether the clinic can meet it 's daily goal of serving 1,200 patients .
Stan Brock , who founded the nonprofit Remote Area Medical , which organized the clinic , said a shortage of volunteers , particularly dentists , caused the overflow .
Although the clinic has 94 dental chairs , Brock said 20 were empty much of Tuesday .
Despite staying open until 8 p.m. , two hours later than scheduled , organizers said by day 's end they had to ask 630 people to come back later for additional services .
Instead of 1,200 wristbands to distribute as they originally said , volunteers were left with only 750 .
The lower number was the result of significant overflow on the clinic 's first day .
By 11 a.m. Wednesday all appointments to a massive weeklong free health clinic were gone .
Those left in line were turned away .
Brock said the shortage of volunteers highlights the importance of pending state legislation that would allow out - of - state doctors to volunteer at the clinic .
" That is absolutely vital , " he said .
" I could have recruited another 20 or 30 volunteers and you know they 're going to be here because they buy the airfare and take time off . "
Some people waited overnight two days in a row for a chance at an appointment .
Fabrizio Mangandi , 41 , was one of the lucky ones who got a wristband .
The Ralph 's grocery clerk lifted his shirt to reveal stitches .
He recently had his gall bladder removed .
His said after his insurance charged him a $ 5,000 deductible he could not afford to have the stitches removed .
" I 'm already in debt , " he said .
" This is disaster relief . "
Jeff Washington , 39 , of Los Angeles and wife Lakishi Washington , 33 , brought their 5 - month - old son Ausar to the arena at about 8 a.m .
They were turned away shortly before 11 a.m. when it was clear there would not be enough wristbands to go around .
The family does not have health insurance and had not seen a dentist or optometrist recently .
The Washingtons said that without the clinic , the scores of people waiting behind them would probably just go without care .
Some ahead of them in line said the felt both fortunate for themselves and bad for those left out .
Eugene Martensen , 34 , a disabled cabinet maker from San Pedro , got a wristband after waiting overnight .
He surveyed the line of people who came later and were being told there was no more room , including would - be patients with canes , walkers and wheelchairs .
" It hurts me to see an elderly person left out and I get in , " he said .
Organizers more than doubled their capacity to treat patients this year , from about 19 medical stations to 40 stations , said Dr. Natalie Nevins , the clinic 's medical director .
But the extra room does little good without volunteer medical professionals to fill it .
" We need optometrists and ophthalmologists desperately , " Nevins said .
Of eight women 's health rooms available Wednesday , only three had doctors volunteering , Nevins said .
-- Molly Hennessy - Fiske at the Los Angeles Memorial Arena
Video : Hundreds of patients make their way onto the floor of the Los Angeles Sports Arena for treatment on the first day of Remote Area Medical 's second mobile clinic here .
The clinics runs from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. through May 3 . Credit : Myung J. Chun / Los Angeles Times
( Health.com ) --
A new generation of smokeless , flavored tobacco products that look like breath mints or breath - freshening strips may be life - threatening for children who mistake them for candy , according to researchers from the Harvard School of Public Health and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) .
" Nicotine is a poison , and now we 're seeing smokeless tobacco products that look like Tic Tacs or M&M's , which parents can leave on the counter and children can be attracted to , " says Greg N. Connolly , D.M.D. , the director of the Tobacco Control Research Group at the Harvard School of Public Health , in Boston , Massachusetts .
Connolly led a research team that found that smokeless tobacco products are the second most common cause of nicotine poisoning in children , after cigarettes .
The researchers reviewed data from 61 poison control centers and identified 13,705 cases of tobacco ingestion between 2006 and 2008 , the vast majority of which were in infants .
Smokeless tobacco was involved in 1,768 of the cases .
The new products -- currently being test - marketed in three cities -- include Camel Orbs , which resemble breath mints ; Camel Sticks , which are about the size of a toothpick and dissolve in the mouth ; and Camel Strips , which are similar to breath - freshening strips .
Small , teabag - like " snus " -- pouches filled with tobacco that are placed between the upper lip and gum -- are also a potential hazard , according to the study , which appears in the journal Pediatrics .
These products are not smoking cessation aids ; rather , they are marketed as a nicotine alternative in places where smoking is n't allowed .
Health.com :
How smoking ruins your looks
Although children in the study were most often poisoned from eating cigarettes and smokeless tobacco products in general , the researchers single out the new , dissolvable products -- especially Camel Orbs -- as a " major concern . "
Orbs are available in cinnamon and mint flavors and could easily be mistaken for candy , the researchers say .
" The candy form can only mean trouble , particularly for children and infants , " says Connolly .
" And snus are attractive , flavorful , and easily ingested by an infant or child . "
R.J. Reynolds spokesman David Howard says that the packaging of Camel Orbs and the other dissolvable products is " 100 percent child - resistant in accordance with Consumer Product Safety Commission standards " and bears a label that says " Keep Out of Reach of Children . "
Adults , he adds , should ensure that " children do not have access to any tobacco products -- including dissolvable tobacco products . "
Still , the researchers say , the pellets could find their way into children 's mouths .
Nicotine poisoning can cause nausea or vomiting , and severe cases can result in convulsions , respiratory failure , and even death .
Just under 0.5 milligrams of nicotine per pound of body weight is the minimum lethal dose for children , according to Connolly .
Health.com : Common smoking triggers -- and how to fight them
A chemical analysis conducted by Connolly and his colleagues found that Camel Orbs contain an average of 0.83 milligrams of nicotine in each pellet .
Some of the nicotine is " un-ionized , " which allows for more rapid absorption and may be more toxic than other forms of the drug , they write .
" A small pellet with a rapid release of nicotine and a young child with a low body weight can be a very serious problem , " Connolly says .
" We have to look at high - risk groups who may ingest these thinking that they are candy and be very cautious about dispensing them and not leaving them around . "
Regulators , he adds , " must ask tough questions about who is at risk from these products , and who we are trying to help with them . "
To focus on the poison risk of Camel Orbs and dissolvable nicotine products is " remarkably selective , " Howard says .
He points out that Connolly and his colleagues make no mention of nicotine gums and lozenges used in smoking cessation , which are also available in a range of flavors and resemble candy and gum .
Health.com :
Make play areas greener and safer for kids
In a commentary accompanying the study , officials from the Center for Tobacco Products at the Food and Drug Administration write that dissolvable tobacco products " pose unique concerns for public health authorities . "
Dr. Marisa Cruz , M.D. , and Dr. Lawrence Deyton , M.D. , write that the FDA has requested research on the products from tobacco companies and will hold a series of public meetings to help develop a regulatory policy .
The FDA has broad authority to regulate tobacco products under the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act , which was signed into law last June .
Later that fall , the agency banned the sale of candy - and fruit - flavored cigarettes .
" I would feel safer if the FDA ... looked at the packaging [ of these products ] as well as their safety , " says Dr. Jonathan P. Winickoff , M.D. , an assistant professor of pediatrics at Harvard Medical School .
Health.com :
How to buy the right air cleaner
While accidental infant poisonings are certainly cause for concern , purposeful ingestion of smokeless tobacco products by kids and teens may be a larger problem , Winickoff points out .
As the study notes , the use of smokeless tobacco products among adolescents increased 6 percent per year from 2002 to 2006 .
" An adolescent thinks this is harmless because it looks harmless , but they 're exposing their brain to nicotine , and there 's a chance that they would be primed to develop a nicotine addiction , " says Winickoff , who was not involved in the study .
" If teens ended up using smokeless product because they are attracted to candy flavors and they end up getting addicted to nicotine , the public health benefit of smokeless tobacco is neutralized . "
Health.com : 97 reasons to quit smoking
One of the study authors , Terry F. Pechacek , Ph.D. , the associate director for science at the CDC's Office on Smoking and Health in Atlanta noted that nearly half of first - time users of smokeless tobacco are under age 18 .
Products such as Camel Orbs , he says , " look like candy , are more easily concealed , and can be used at school or in front of parents .
That raises even greater concerns . "
Activision has filed a countersuit against former Infinity Ward co-founders Jason West and Vince Zampella .
The suit claims the publisher was justified in its firings , calling the two " self - serving schemers . "
see deal Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 $ 19.99 on Gamestop
The countersuit is in response to a lawsuit filed against the company by West and Zampella last month after the two were fired from Infinity Ward .
" West and Zampella morphed from valued , responsible executives into insubordinate and self - serving schemers who attempted to hijack Activision 's assets for their own personal gain and whose actions threatened both the future of the call of Duty franchise and the future of Activsion 's Infinity Ward studio , " the suit states .
Despite being under contract with Activision , the publisher claims both West and Zampella hired agents and attorneys to negotiate with third parties for future financial arrangements .
The suit also says the two embarked on a " secret trip by private jet " to Northern California to meet with " the most senior executives of Activision 's closest competitor .
" Activision also claims West and Zampella were planning on leaving to open their own studio .
The publisher says the two had attempted to prevent Activision from awarding additional bonuses to Infinity Ward employees to order to " make these employees easier to poach " for their new company .
Other allegations include West and Zampella were " holding future editions of the Call of Duty Modern Warfare Activision believes West and Zampella informed Infinity Ward employees they intended to leave Activision and " discussed with some Infinity Ward team members whether they would leave Activision and participate in a spin - off company that would not be affiliated with Activision .
"
The countersuit published several messages sent and received between West and Zampella while they were in talks with " Activision 's competitors . "
" Dunno how to scan secretely [ sic ] .
. . . [ IW Employee 's ] computer down .
. . . [ IW Employee ] did it for me last time .
.. . Really .
No paranoia about it being in [ IW employee ] user folder ?
Her comp down anyway now .
. . .
She had a secret area it scanned into .
. . .
Probably better to just photocopy and fedex .
.. . Can scan or photo - your call .
. . .
Boom boom pow .
Away .
" After being fired , the suit states West and Zampella " refused to sign standard exit documents representing that they had returned all Activision property , including computer code , and would honor the confidentiality obligations that they have to Activision .
" Activision has released a statement that was given to IGN : " Activision 's cross - complaint filed today against Jason West and Vince Zampella makes clear that the company did not arrive at its decision to fire them lightly or without good reason , " the statement said .
"
It further shows Activision was forced to sever the relationship when it became apparent that long - standing attempts failed to convince West and Zampella to conform their conduct to what was required of them by their contracts , company policies and as fiduciaries .
" Robert Schwartz , the attorney for West and Zampella , was unable to comment at this time .
Click the image below to see the entire countersuit claim .
We 'll keep you updated as we hear more .
A previous version of this story incorrectly reported where the virus has been found .
In addition to Chile , the virus has been reported in Norway , Canada , Scotland and the United States , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
( CNN ) --
The Food and Drug Administration says Chilean salmon is still safe to consume despite a virus that has killed scores of fish .
" We have no information that there is any harm that can come from eating Chilean salmon , " said Ira Allen , a spokesman for the FDA Center for Food Safety & Applied Nutrition .
The infectious salmon anemia virus , known as ISA or ISAV , causes the illness in the fish , but it 's not harmful to humans .
The virus also has been reported in locations outside Chile including Norway , Canada , Scotland and the United States , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
More than 60 percent of all farmed salmon imported into the United States was from Chile in 2004 but by 2009 it was down to 30.1 percent , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
Last month the government of Chile took steps to clean up the way it farms salmon , including moving fishing operations to a different area of the Chilean coast .
But the virus , which appeared at least two years ago , persisted .
Andrea Kavanagh , manager of the Salmon Aquaculture Reform Campaign , a nonprofit affiliated with the Pew Environment Group in Washington , said more government involvement is needed .
" Pew has been concerned about the use of pesticides and chemicals in salmon , and we 've been prodding the FDA to do more testing . "
Pew Environment Group is dedicated to improving worldwide conditions for raising salmon .
The group sued the FDA for documents of the agency 's recent inspections of Chilean salmon and found that Chile was using medications and chemicals to raise its salmon that are not approved for use in either the United States or Europe , she said .
" This is an aquaculture industry issue , not a public health issue , " countered Gavin Gibbons , a spokesperson for the National Fisheries Institute , a nonprofit organization dedicated to education about seafood safety , sustainability , and nutrition .
" Farmed salmon is safe . "
Registered dietitian
Ann Cain said that may be true , but consumers will likely stop eating farmed salmon .
" There 's such a mistrust of the food safety regulations that , in general , people are skeptical , " said Cain , a senior editor at myrecipes.com .
MyRecipes.com : 10 healthy ways to get omega-3s
There are other sources to get omega - 3s such as mackerel and tuna , Cain said .
Cain and noted food writer and dietitian Annemarie Colbin both say it 's healthier to eat wild Alaskan salmon anyway .
Farmed salmon typically has color added to it to give it the pink hue of untouched salmon .
" Wild salmon may be a little bit more expensive , but it 's better , " said Colbin .
" Just stick to wild salmon and you 'll be fine . "
Norway is one of the biggest salmon suppliers in the world and is picking up business that Chile is losing .
The Financial Times reported Thursday that Statistics Norway shows the Norwegian - produced Atlantic salmon wholesale price jumping 20.6 percent .
TUSCALOOSA , Ala . -- Getting Nick Saban to make comparisons , talk about expectations or simply assess where the Alabama football program is right now is about as difficult as beating the Crimson Tide these days .
They have n't lost a regular - season SEC game since the end of the 2007 season , a streak that stands at 16 games and counting .
They 're coming off the school 's first national championship in 17 years , a season that produced the first Heisman Trophy winner in school history and a season that produced a magical 14 - 0 run .
Simply , they 're the hottest thing going right now in college football , and their coach has n't basked in one second of it .
Not his style .
And probably more accurately , not the way he 's wired .
Even in the wee hours of the morning back on Jan. 8 -- his hotel suite in Newport Beach , Calif. , still jumping with revelry and friends following Alabama 's 37 - 21 victory over Texas in the BCS National Championship Game -- Saban could n't bring himself to celebrate .
Two of his closest friends from Louisiana , both successful businessmen , tried to get him to take a drink .
Saban quit drinking several years ago .
Never a big drinker , he stopped all together to set the right example for his two children , Nicholas and Kristen , as they got up in their teens .
But this was just a celebratory drink for a guy who had just become the only coach in modern college football history to win a national championship at two different schools .
Needless to say , Saban never took that drink .
" It 's about 2 o'clock in the morning , and we 've got ESPN on showing all the highlights , and I just said , ' Nah , I 'm not going to do it .
This success will just cause another set of issues and problems , ' " Saban recounted .
" And both of my friends looked at me and said almost in unison , ' Probably as we speak . ' "
Even in that moment of bliss , all Saban could think about was the future .
Which players were having a little too much fun ?
Which players were on the brink of turning pro ?
Who would be the leaders on next season 's team ?
How motivated would that team be in the offseason ?
" That 's just how my mind is , always working toward the next game or the next play or the next problem , " said Saban , who compiled a staggering 49 - 17 record against SEC foes in the past decade at both LSU and Alabama .
" Even though there 's a lot of real positive self gratification for what was accomplished and how proud you are of all the people who contributed , it 's like there 's no time to enjoy it .
I guess one of these days when you get done doing this , then you sort of take a deep breath and assess , ' Well , what did I really accomplish ?
What is my legacy as a coach ? '
" I 've just seen so many people who were the coach of the year , and then two years later , they get fired .
I know how this profession is .
George Perles used to always say , ' You 're only as good as your last play , if you 're a player .
And as a coach , you 're only as good as your last game . '
For me , it 's an ongoing challenge that never lets up . "
Some might say it 's Saban 's curse .
Others would tell you that it's his gift .
But this much is for certain :
He 's never satisfied , which means this next decade for the Tide Nation may truly be one to remember .
" I do n't ever see Coach Saban smile on the field , " Alabama junior linebacker Dont'a Hightower said .
" It 's always pretty much about business , and he always finds something wrong that somebody 's doing on the field .
So even when you think he's not looking at you , he 's there coaching you up .
" It 's what makes him the best . "
Saban 's players do n't see him smile very often .
AP Photo / Dave Martin
The obvious question is how much longer can Saban , 58 , keep up this maddening pace .
He 's in great shape , eats the same salad for lunch every day and insists that his coaches and staff members regularly play pickup basketball , although Saban has been known to handpick who guards him .
Hey , the fiercest competitors are always looking for an edge .
And while it may be difficult to believe , Saban thinks that he 's actually mellowed in some areas as he 's gotten older .
He credits his wife , Terry , for keeping him grounded and helping to create a balance in his life .
He also feels like the demands of coaching have actually gotten easier for him .
Why ?
Well , because he 's better at trusting people than he was earlier in his career .
" It 's not as hard for me as it used to be , " Saban said .
" For one , I trust in more people .
I 'm still on top of everything , but it 's not like it once was .
I used to think I had to do everything myself .
Now , I just need to make sure that somebody else is doing it right , whether it 's recruiting or how we 're teaching something on the field or whatever .
" I 've developed a lot more trust in the good people that we have here . "
As for whether or not the Crimson Tide are ahead of schedule after three short years , Saban offers a familiar answer .
" There is no schedule , " he said .
Instead , there 's a commitment to do it the right way every year , every game , every practice .
" I do n't know what everybody else thinks , but it 's the goal of what we do and what we try to do , to get the program to this point , " Saban said .
" It 's a credit to the players and all the people in the organization who 've worked so hard to get it there .
That 's very pleasing .
Now , the challenge is : Can you keep it there ? "
Saban 's no fool , either .
He 's fully aware of the monster he 's awakened in this football - crazed state .
Heisman winner Mark Ingram has adopted his coach 's philosophy .
Marvin Gentry / US Presswire
Just recently , he was being honored in Birmingham as the recipient of the inaugural Bobby Bowden national coach of the year award .
In vintage Saban fashion , he had to leave a little early to get back to campus for a meeting with the players .
" As I 'm walking out the door , somebody in the crowd yelled , ' And you better do it next year , ' " said Saban , forcing a grin .
" They were n't joking , either . "
Ultimately , Saban thinks the keys for this team will be whether or not they can replace their specialists in the kicking game and how well they develop defensively with so many new faces .
He likes where the offense is , likes the balance the Crimson Tide have shown this spring offensively and is pleased with the overall commitment the team has demonstrated all offseason .
If any complacency has seeped in , he has n't sensed it .
" Sometimes , it does n't become evident until you get out there in a competitive situation where you have to be at your very , very best , and all of a sudden , your warts start showing up , whether they 're physical or emotional , " Saban said .
Complacency was a problem for his 2004 LSU team the year after the national championship .
The Tigers were nearly upset in the season opener at home by Oregon State , but escaped 22 - 21 in overtime .
They wound up losing three games that season .
These Alabama players sound a lot like their coach .
They would n't mind locking up everything from last season in a vault , only to reopen it when they get old and gray .
" There are new faces everywhere , and we 're hungry , " said Mark Ingram , Alabama 's Heisman Trophy - winning running back .
" Yeah , we won the national championship , and everybody won their awards .
But that 's in the past .
That 's in the history books .
That will be there forever , so we can live off that when we get older .
" What this team is going to be judged on is what we do this year . "
And maybe for a few fleeting moments this spring or summer , perhaps when Saban steals away to his second home on Lake Burton in the northeastern corner of Georgia , he can finally enjoy some of his work .
Then again , probably not .
" Sometimes , I feel like everybody else and step back and wonder , ' When are you going to enjoy some of this ? ' "
Saban conceded .
" I will but not right now . "
Chris Low covers college football for ESPN.com .
You may contact him at espnclow@aol.com .
( CNN ) --
A federal appeals court in Argentina has ruled that a grandmother must stand trial for growing two marijuana plants in her backyard .
Argentina allows personal consumption of marijuana , and a federal judge had issued a stay against prosecuting the unnamed woman , who swore she used the marijuana solely for herself , the government 's Judicial Information Center said last week .
But the public prosecutor 's office appealed the ruling , and a federal appeals court overturned the previous decision because the woman lives with her two sons and a grandchild .
She could not prove the marijuana was solely for personal consumption , the three - page appeals court ruling said .
Argentina 's Supreme Court ruled in August it is unconstitutional to punish an adult for private use of marijuana -- as long as the use does n't harm anyone else .
The unanimous ruling made Argentina the second Latin American country within a one - week span last year to allow personal use of a formerly illegal drug .
Mexico also enacted a law in August that decriminalized possession of small quantities of most drugs , including marijuana , heroin , cocaine and LSD .
Earlier last year , a Brazilian appeals court ruled possession of drugs for personal use is not illegal .
Fights over children — who gets custody , how much for child support — are at the heart of any family law court on any given day .
The faces change , but the stories and disputes rarely do .
So it is on today 's docket in the Los Angeles courtroom of Judge Elia Weinbach .
At least on paper .
The dispute between Rosemary Douglas and Urban Joseph Grass over back child support seems familiar :
She claims he never paid ; he says he never knew .
In this case , however , the mom has a head of gray hair and has been collecting Social Security for more than a decade .
The father was born in the heart of the Jazz Age , when a fellow named Coolidge resided in the White House .
And the “ child ” in question is that only on some yellowing piece of paper .
In real life he is a retired grandfather .
“ He was ordered to do something .
He did n't do it , ” said the 81 - year - old Douglas .
“ He did n't challenge it , not legally anyway .
I 'd always thought about this .
It was never far from my mind .
Finally I decided , why not ?
Why not try one more time ? ”
The story began in 1950 .
Douglas got pregnant and was not married .
She insists Grass was the father and that he wanted nothing to do with her .
After her son Gerald was born , she said she went to court to get an order for child support because she had no alternative .
No knowledge of order ?
Douglas claims Grass , who now lives in Pearland , refused to acknowledge the child and paid no attention to court proceedings .
Grass , 82 , could not be reached for comment .
His attorney in California , Pedram Mansouri , offered a different version of events , saying Grass , then a young soldier , attended one court hearing that produced no child support order and was sent by the Army to Korea before any subsequent hearing .
Mansouri claims
Grass knew nothing of the order that he pay $ 50 a month in support .
Douglas insists she repeatedly tried to reach Grass and to get him to release funds from his military allotment to cover the support .
She said he refused .
“ He would n't sign for it , and he has used every ruse he could think of to get out of it , ” she said .
The years went by .
Douglas said she tried again through private attorneys to find him and get the support payment when Gerald was about 5 or 6 years old , then gave up .
She married and had two more children .
She worked for many years managing medical groups before retiring .
Gerald spent 32 years in the Air Force and recently retired as a lieutenant colonel , she said .
Now a widow , Douglas said she could use the $ 57,000 that she claims Grass owes her , which includes ever - rising interest .
But more important than the money , she said , is the principle .
When she managed to locate him in Texas , she hired a process server to deliver court papers .
Now a widow , Douglas said she could use the $ 57,000 that she claims Grass owes her , which includes ever - rising interest .
But more important than the money , she said , is the principle .
When she managed to locate him in Texas , she hired a process server to deliver court papers .
“ If a judgment is rendered , you have to satisfy that judgment , ” she said .
“ He owes this . ”
Mansouri , who was hired only last week and said he is not familiar with all of the details of the matter , said the case may hinge on whether Grass was ever notified of the second court hearing or the support order that came from it .
There is no statute of limitations on child support , said Mansouri , who is skeptical that Douglas will be able to prove anything at today 's hearing .
“ We are hoping to make this go away pretty quickly , ” Mansouri said .
“ I suspect it 's an old lady down on her luck who 's looking for some money . ”
mike.tolson@chron.com
A Erva Daninha da Avareza
Mateus 19 : 16-30
“ Eis que alguém se aproximou de Jesus e lhe perguntou : Mestre , que farei de bom para ter a vida eterna ?
Respondeu - lhe Jesus :
Por que você me pergunta sobre o que é bom ?
Há somente um que é bom .
Se você quer entrar na vida , obedeça aos mandamentos .
Quais ? , perguntou ele .
Jesus respondeu : Não matarás , não adulterarás , não furtarás , não darás falso testemunho , honra a teu pai e tua mãe e amarás ao teu próximo como a ti mesmo .
Disse - lhe o jovem : A tudo isso tenho obedecido .
O que me falta ainda ?
Jesus respondeu :
Se você quer ser perfeito , vá , venda os seus bens e dê o dinheiro aos pobres , e você terá um tesouro nos céus .
Depois , venha e siga–me .
Ouvindo isso , o jovem afastou - se triste , porque tinha muitas riquezas .
Então Jesus disse aos discípulos : Digo - lhes a verdade : Dificilmente um rico entrará no reino dos Céus .
E lhes digo ainda : É mais fácil passar um camelo pelo fundo de uma agulha do que um rico entra no Reino de Deus .
Ao ouvirem isso , os discípulos ficaram perplexos e perguntaram : Neste caso , quem pode ser salvo ?
Jesus olhou para eles e respondeu : Para o homem é impossível , mas para Deus todas as coisas são possíveis .
Então Pedro lhe respondeu : Nós deixamos tudo para seguir - te !
Que será de nós ?
Jesus lhes disse : Digo - lhes a verdade :
Por ocasião da regeneração de todas as coisas , quando o Filho do homem se assentar em seu trono glorioso , vocês que me seguiram , também se assentaram em doze tronos , para julgar as doze tribos de Israel .
E todos os que tiverem deixado casas , irmãos , pai , mãe , filhos ou campos , por minha causa , receberão cem vezes mais e herdarão a vida eterna .
Contudo , muitos primeiros serão últimos , e muitos últimos serão primeiros .
Lucas 12 : 13 - 21 “ Alguém da multidão lhe disse : Mestre , dize a meu irmão que divida a herança comigo .
Respondeu Jesus : Homem , quem me designou juíz ou árbitro entre vocês ?
Então lhes disse : Cuidado !
Fiquem de sobreaviso contra todo tipo de ganância ; a vida de um homem não consiste na quantidade dos seus bens .
Então lhes contou esta parábola : A terra de certo homem rico produziu muito .
Ele pensou consigo mesmo : O que vou fazer ?
Não tenho onde armazenar minha colheita .
Então disse : Já sei o que vou fazer .
Vou derrubar os meus celeiros e contruir outros maiores , e ali guardarei toda a minha safra e todos os meus bens .
E direi a mim mesmo :
Você tem grande quantidade de bens , armazenados para muitos anos .
descanse , coma , beba e alegre - se .
Contudo , Deus lhe disse : Insensato !
Esta mesma noite a sua vida lhe será exigida .
Então , quem ficará com o que você preparou ?
Assim acontece com quem guarda para si riquezas , mas não é rico para com Deus . ”
1 – Saiba quem é o verdadeiro proprietário .
“ Meu ” é o termo associado ao proprietário .
A erva daninha da avareza é retirada quando reconhecemos que tudo na terra é do Senhor .
Salmos 24:1 “ Do Senhor é a terra e a sua plenitude , o mundo e aqueles que nele habitam ” .
I Cronicas 29:11 “ Tua é , Senhor , a magnificência , e o poder , e a honra , e a vitória , e a majestade ; porque teu é tudo quanto há nos céus e na terra ; teu é , Senhor , o reino , e tu te exaltaste sobre todos como chefe . ”
2 – Aceite nossa função de administrar , cuidar .
I Coríntios 4:2 “ Além disso , requer - se nos dispenseiros que cada um se ache fiel . ”
A fidelidade do bom administrator se observa quando está : :
De acordo com as direções do proprietário
De acordo com a visão , valores e princípios do proprietário
Com o objetivo de atender aos interesses do proprietário
Executada com responsabilidade e prudencia
Executada com segurança e sem medo porque sabe que tem as bençãos do proprietário
3 – Pratique os princípios de investimentos de Deus .
Tenha seus olhos no que realmente tem importância , a eternidade .
Mateus 6:19 - 20
“ Não acumulem para vocês tesouros na terra , onde a traça e a ferrugem destroem , e onde os ladrões arrombam e furtam , mas acumulem para vocês tesouros nos céus , onde a traça e a ferrugem não destroem e onde os ladrões não arrombam e furtam . ”
Seja um generoso doador .
Levíticos 27:30 “ também todas as dízimas do campo , da semente do campo , do fruto das árvores são do Senhor ; santas são ao Senhor . ”
Mateus 23:23
“ Ai de vós , escribas e fariseus , hipócritas !
Pois que dás o dízimo da hortelã , do endro e do cominho , e desprezais o mais importante da lei , o juízo , a misericórdia e a fé ; deveis , porém , dazer essas coisas e não omitir aquelas . ”
Lucas 6:38 “ Dai e ser - vos -á dado ; boa medida , recalcada , sacudida e transbordando vos darão ; porque com a mesma medida com que medirdes , também vos medirão de novo . ”
II Tessalonicenses 3 : 8 - 12 “ Nem , de graça , comemos o pão de homem algum , mas com trabalho e fadiga , trabalhando noite e dia , para não sermos pesados a nenhum de vós ; não porque não tivéssemos autoridade , mas para vos dar em nós mesmos exemplo , para nos imitardes .
Porque , quando ainda estávamos convosco , vos mandamos isto : que se alguém não quiser trabalhar , não coma também .
Porquanto ouvimos que alguns entre vós andam desordenadamente , não trabalhando , antes , fazendo coisas vãs .
A esses tais , porém , mandamos e exortamos , por Nosso Senhor Jesus Cristo , que trabalhando com sossego , comam o seu próprio pão . ”
II Coríntios 9:6 “ E digo isto : Que o que semeia pouco pouco também ceifará ; e o que semeia em abundância também ceifará . ”
Tenha um espirito alegre .
Hebreus 13:5 “ sejam vossos costumes sem avareza , contentando - vos com o que tendes ; porque Ele disse : Não te deixarei , nem te desampararei . ”
Acredite , Deus cuida de nós .
Mateus 6 : 31-33 “ não andeis , pois inquietos , dizendo : Que comeremos ou que beberemos ou com o que nos vestiremos ?
( Porque estas coisas os gentios procuram . )
Decerto , vosso
Pai celestial bem sabe que necessitais de todas essas coisas ; mas buscai primeiro o Reino de Deus , e a sua justiça , e todas essas coisas vos serão acrescentadas . ”
Trabalhe duro , com metas espirituais na mente .
II Coríntios 9:7 “ Cada um contribua segundo propôs no seu coração , não com tristeza ou por necessidade ; porque Deus ama ao que dá com alegria . ”
Forty - seven percent .
That ’s the portion of American households that owe no income tax for 2009 .
The number is up from 38 percent in 2007 , and it has become a popular talking point on cable television and talk radio .
With Tax Day coming on Thursday , 47 percent has become shorthand for the notion that the wealthy face a much higher tax burden than they once did while growing numbers of Americans are effectively on the dole .
Neither one of those ideas is true .
They rely on a cleverly selective reading of the facts .
So does the 47 percent number .
Given that taxes are likely to be one of the big political issues of the next few years — and maybe the biggest one — it ’s worth understanding who really pays what in taxes .
Once you do , you can get a sense for our country ’s fiscal options .
How , in other words , will we be able to close the huge looming gap between the taxes we are scheduled to pay and the services we are scheduled to receive ?
The answer is that tax rates almost certainly have to rise more on the affluent than on other groups .
Over the last 30 years , rates have fallen more for the wealthy , and especially the very wealthy , than for any other group .
At the same time , their incomes have soared , and the incomes of most workers have grown only moderately faster than inflation .
Carol Brightman
author of Sweet Chaos : The Grateful Dead 's American Adventure interview with David Gans
Chicago 12/19/98
Broadcast on the Grateful Dead Hour - January 1999
Carol Brightman was an anti-war activist in the '60s and later the biographer of the writer Mary McCarthy .
She sometimes wondered why so many of the committed social - change movements of the '60s were crushed or co-opted , or just fizzled out , while the Grateful Dead 's hedonistic , tribal road show grew and throve and wound up a cultural institution .
Carol Brightman 's perspective is not entirely that of an outsider : her sister , Candace , was the Dead 's lighting designer for 25 years , and so Carol saw her share of shows and spent time with the band members and others .
I wrote the blurb for the back cover of Sweet Chaos : The Grateful Dead 's American Adventure , so you know in advance that I am giving it a thumbs - up review .
Carol and I met in Chicago in December , where Ken Nordine was kind enough to let us do this interview in his studio .
Thanks also to Kris Nordine for engineering the session .
here 's Carol Brightman , in a conversation recorded December 19 , 1998 in Chicago .
David Gans :
Even though you had a relative who was closely involved with the Grateful Dead , you really were n't part of that culture .
You were part of a different stream that came out of the Sixties , and you decided to write a book about this interesting subject from your outside perspective .
Carol Brightman : Right .
DG : How did you begin to get a handle on what the Grateful Dead means , and what it 's about ?
CB : Well , I think when I started interviewing , my first interview -- when I truly was an ignoramus about the music , a little more so than I am now -- was with Mickey Hart in 1992 , and he began to speak very eloquently about the ambiguity that occurs when the musicians are playing overlapping themes , and so on .
I might read from that for a moment .
But it was when I began to realize what it meant to improvise in music , and how you had to truly let go of the formulas .
. . you had to know the formulas , you had to know your technique .
Jerry , probably more than anyone , represents that obsession with technique , in order to let go of the formulas .
In that way , you could listen to each other ; you would have to listen to each other , and you would then pick up phrases or little bridges that might allow you -- and it was n't just you and one other person , it was a group -- to reach another shore .
I heard that , I have to admit -- maybe because I 'm a word person -- I heard it in interviews with the band most eloquently before I actually heard it in the music .
Although I had been hearing , even in ' 90 , '91 -- I think it was in '91 at the Meadowlands , before I thought about writing a book -- I had heard these transitional riffs of Jerry's , and I would say to myself , " This is jazz , " because jazz was more familiar to me in a way .
And I would hear the letting go of the last tune and the kind of groping -- I did n't know the phrases of all the tunes yet ; that came later , but I knew that he was letting go of whatever was happening , and probing , and throwing out these little phrases , and they were being answered kind of call - and - response .
And that process was fascinating to me musically , but it was when I heard Mickey Hart and Phil Lesh talk about improvisation and how it worked for them that I began to sense that this was a very profound metaphor for our culture .
Even though , as Mickey pointed out and as everybody knows , it was very rarely practiced toward the end ; those risks were n't really taken .
The pressure of performing on a monstrous stage in front of 60,000 people , night after night , year after year , made it very hard to let go of anything .
In fact , everybody was hanging on their teddy bears , whatever they were .
But still , I think I began to think -- and now I can say this , and even now it 's not every clear -- I think we 're in a period now when we have to pay attention to the chaos around us , and put our ear to the ground .
And I think musicians know that ; there are jam bands everywhere .
It 's one of the traditions that 's been inherited from the Grateful Dead that will always be there .
DG :
They really are the sort of grandparents of a whole generation of young bands .
CB : Yes , they are .
DG : I always thought that the mainstream rock critics were really missing the boat .
Some of the more polemical rock critics - Dave Marsh , of course , being the emblematic Dead hater -- I think they really missed something about the Grateful Dead , because in a way , the Grateful Dead embodied everything that Lester Bangs and all those guys thought was important about rock 'n roll , which is attitude and a total disregard for convention .
They created an entire universe for themselves , and proceeded to succeed with it and to attract many people to it .
And in a way , they fulfilled the promise of rock ' n ' roll to phenomenal degree , and I always thought it was a shame that the critics who demanded that sort of thing of their heroes were so dismissive of the Grateful Dead .
CB : Yeah , well that 's a whole subject .
There 's a way in which the fact that the Grateful Dead succeeded in creating this universe drove critics and the industry crazy , because they did it .
And it was n't trusted , because they had their own bands , their own radio station , their own trucks at a certain point , their own records briefly , and they tried to do it all themselves .
I think this is something which maybe has 19th - century precedents , but it does n't allow for good media exposure , because you have n't involved the larger entertainment industry in your product .
So classic rock stations and critics -- the critics that were created by the explosion of rock ' n ' roll , the founding of Rolling Stone , and so on -- are not beholden to you .
They do n't feel connected to you .
I think there was a negative aspect to that , too , which was that the Grateful Dead stayed contained within its own culture .
The positive part is that as musicians , they were constantly reaching out and making these connections that other rock 'n ' roll bands that faded by the wayside were n't making .
They had to keep reaching out for their own survival , and so they took in other influences , as you know much better than I can say , far beyond the American roots music that propelled them .
DG : Why do n't read a little bit from " Sweet Chaos " here ?
CB : I 'm not sure what this is going to lead to .
. .
Mickey
Hart speaks eloquently of the ambiguity that occurs when the musicians are playing overlapping themes during the little grey areas between the songs .
" For a while , nothing happens and you stay on a pulse , and things start bubbling up and somebody makes a decision and they try to push or pull the rest of the band there , " he tells me .
It 's a moment that every creative person knows : the worst and best of times , when you empty the mind to make room for the uninvited guest .
For the Grateful Dead , such moments could last seconds or many minutes .
I ask Hart if the band ever loses the audience .
" You might , " he says , " but that 's not important .
The idea is to stay with it yourself .
Playing for the audience is pretty foolish .
I mean , you can't * play * for the audience , you "ve got to play for yourself and your mates . "
I 'm surprised by this response , which sounds like heresy coming from a band whose symbiotic relationship with its fans is nonpareil .
But I will hear it again , and come to appreciate how the Dead 's introversion , and matters both musical and political , contributed in no small way to their holding power .
Anyway , it started a long time ago , with Jerry Garcia 's penchant for playing new songs in front of a live audience .
Each new setting provided an edge against which the band played , changed how a song developed , as if the listeners , seen but not heard , and treated more often than not to musical chaos , were nonetheless a necessary catalyst to the creative process .
" The Jefferson Airplane certainly never went out there with anything they did n't have down cold , " Rock Scully observes .
" The Dead would play stuff that they did n't even remember having written that day . "
Marmaduke Dawson , guitarist of the New Riders of the Purple Sage , who toured with the Dead in 1970 - 71 , agrees .
" None of them knew where they were going , especially during the long , three - to five - hour sets when , fortified by a good bit of LSD , they were trying for the magic . "
" Garcia would be there playing around with something and Weir would be playing around with something and everybody would be doing five things together on the stage , and people would still be listening and saying , what the hell is going on here ?
And sometimes they would get it , the magic of all of them seeming to think together .
The magic could be worth waiting for , but for the fans , so too was the waiting .
This is something that took me a while to understand .
I had to talk toa lot of Deadheads to understand this .
The waiting , of course , was part of the existential rush of teetering on the edge of chaos , when chaos is giving birth to new forms .
For the musicians , finding the " good stuff " entailed a surrender to a higher power , which was the group -- the group grope .
When Bill Kreutzmann speaks of his distaste for the long , showy solos of drummers in the late ' 60s , he reflects a similar spirit .
" I like playing in an ensemble , " he declares .
" That 's the most fun for me , to complement the lead player , lay off a little when the vocals are going .
Sometimes virtuosity is lost on me , on any instrument .
Kreutzmann makes a point of establishing eye contact with the others , moving cymbals around to see Garcia better -- or he did until the 1990s when , seated on the drummer 's throne , with his grey head thrown back , eyes rolled up to the sky , he looked like Nero , contemplating the angels , while Rome burned .
It was in earlier years , the Dead 's last show at Winterland , for example , which is the subject of The Grateful Dead Movie , that he relished the moments when " we 'll be in a jam , and I 'll look over at Jerry , and he 'll look back at me , and it 's like -- This is great !
You havin ' fun ?
I thought so . "
DG : I asked the notably recalcitrant Robert Hunter a few questions when I was doing the update of my book , " Playing in the Band , " following Jerry 's death .
I was asking four questions of a number of different people , and I asked those four questions of Hunter , who was sort of reluctant and gave me the answers -- and proclaiming himself to not be responding to the interview -- but basically I asked him , what was it about the Grateful Dead ?
And he said , " We raised self - indulgence to a high art . "
CB : Mm-hm .
DG : And again , that goes back to the thing about what rock ' n ' roll was all about .
Everything about rock 'n roll was about self - expression , about self - indulgence , about being in the moment , about making it real , and being honest about it .
And I think the Grateful Dead did that , in a collective way , and sort of modeled a higher consciousness .
It 's interesting to read your book , and other people 's books from more inside perspectives , about how chaotic and untogether it really was , and how unconscious that all was .
Because we out in the audience believed this was an intentional chaos , that they designed it that way .
Jerry 's rap had this thing about trusting the moment , and the situation is the boss , and all these things , and I did n't realize until much later that that was the sort of stuff that he could say easily , because he was the absolute commandant of that whole chaotic thing .
CB : Right , right .
DG : So , it was self - indulgent , and that was what it was meant to be , and we were all in on that and very happy to be receiving the products of that self - indulgence .
CB : Yeah .
DG : So I do n't see what the problem was .
< laugh >
Know what I mean ?
CB : < chuckle >
I could ask you : you know the answer , but what 's your question ?
DG : Why did people outside this world find it so hard to like it , or to tolerate it , or even to accept its validity ?
CB : Well , one thing -- I was thinking of this earlier when you mentioned critics , like Dave Marsh -- one thing , of course , that a lot of those critics -- maybe not Marsh , but people like Greil Marcus and Robert Christgau -- they were caught up , they went to concerts and they wrote about the band , until the early ' 70s , when Deadheads -- that did n't start then , but they stopped writing [ about the Dead ] in the early ' 70s , and I think they were -- I 'm speaking for them and they should speak for themselves , but I think they could n't accept the music culture of the Grateful Dead , once they began to see it as a sociological phenomenon .
Which was scary to them , and if they wrote about it in any serious or favorable way , perhaps they'd be tarred by association with what they saw as a cult .
And that 's an interesting question .
I think the reason why -- as far as Jerry constantly talking about hanging with the moment and so on -- there is something ersatz about that .
The honesty of that was what described their primary experience playing at the Acid Tests and later .
It was really their credo , and they came by it honestly .
And improvisation was real , as it is for many serious musicians , and you do have to let go , and they did discover things , because a lot of them had done their homework .
And sometimes they were just lucky .
And most of the time they * did n't * get to a new shore ; you know , they fumbled around .
But I think it was the fact that that mantra was repeated in a context when it was no longer really being practiced , is where it began to be edgy .
And then when it was embraced , perhaps -- I can't speak to this , because I do n't have the experience , and I 'm not a Deadhead , but when it was embraced over and over again , again as a kind of a mantra , was it practiced ?
Was it understood ?
Were the risks involved really understood , about living with the moment and all of that stuff ?
I mean , there 's a way in which that defined a cultural moment , when living with the moment involved denying the past and forgetting about the future .
And yet , if you 're someone who has your feet on the ground and you have a past , as the Grateful Dead did musically , and you have a future , and they certainly did -- they wanted to create an audience ; that was their program , I believe , as well as playing together , which they 're still doing -- then living with the moment was a necessary means to those ends .
But if you 're just kind of floating around , and you really do n't know where you come from and you 're not sure where you 're going , living with the moment can just be a dead end .
I do n't know if that 's what -- I can't start speaking for critics and all the rest , but I think that one of the reasons why the -- I think the Grateful Dead 's message is best understood by people who are applying it creatively , and that now involves a broader spectrum than just music .
The fact that the Grateful Dead has spun off infinite numbers of projects -- you know , visual , as well as music .
. . not so strong in the political department , but that 's not their department , but the fact that they 're at the center of many , many things in this culture that people do n't even relate to the Grateful Dead , is the real testimony to the power of that institution , in the larger culture .
DG : Where were you in 1970 when this stuff was happening ?
CB : I was in Berkeley , in ' 70 - ' 71 , but I really thought then and I do think now that ' 70 - '71 was a real significant year .
It was a turning point ; it was the end of the Sixties .
You might say the Sixties really started in ' 64 , with the Free Speech Movement , with Kesey 's bus trip across the country , with the Tonkin Bay incident , which Johnson used to declare war on North Vietnam , and even at the Democratic National Convention in Atlanta , which was when the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party , representing black Mississippians , was admitted briefly , and then disenfranchised from the convention .
All these things marked the beginning of the Sixties .
But in 1970 I was out in Berkeley , kind of burnt out , with a lot of radicals .
And the Haight Ashbury was totally burnt out , you know , it was just a drug ghetto .
And the Grateful Dead was in orbit .
They had begun to go into orbit nationally .
They had started a couple of years before .
And in 1971 is when they sent out their famous message : " Dead freaks unite . "
You know , who are you , where are you .
And they touched a chord , at that particular moment , and I remember -- I mean , this is putting two things together that I certainly did see as related at the time , because I saw the Grateful Dead as sort of just a fringe group that was just a * musical * phenomenon .
When I first saw them play in 1972 , I really saw that it was a social phenomenon .
That was on the East Coast , when I saw them play in ' 72 .
But I was a political radical who had been active in the anti-war movement for five or six years , and I was living in a commune in Berkeley called the Media Collective , or Stuart Street -- all the communes had street names .
Our claim to fame -- my comrades , not myself -- they were all art students who had left their colleges in 1970 , right after the shootings at Kent State , and they did the posters and shrouds for the silkscreening for the Black Panther Party , along with a lot of other events in the Bay Area .
And I was , I think just by virtue of being on the West Coast , and of leaving New York and the East Coast , coming to California and settling in the Bay Area was a kind of a groping towards -- looking for a cultural experience outside the mainstream .
I mean , I was already politically way out there .
But if you were interested in music , and drugs -- I was a little late for that , but some of us were still starting at that point -- the Bay Area was very attractive .
Berkeley was like a liberated zone , you know .
The paradoxes in that were apparent to me at the time .
But still , where else were you gonna go ?
You were on the edge there .
I actually saw the Grateful Dead as not an outlaw culture at all then , but young people in colleges , I now know , did , in ' 70 - ' 71 .
Going out on the streets was scary then .
That was n't the option it might have been for their brothers and sisters , either in high school or college .
The Grateful Dead arrived with their sort of Hell 's Angels , you know , stomping toughness , and the drugs , which was a way of jumping over the barricades without ever moving out of your dorm room --
DG : < chuckle >
CB : -- and they had this music .
So , this is one of my theories , that I came to only in writing the book , helped along by the fact that I discovered the Grateful Dead systematically cultivated college audiences in ' 70 - ' 71 , intensively .
You know , playing at places like Harpur College , or Franklin & Marshall , four or five times at a pop .
And then coming back year after year .
So , I then did decide that there was a kind of connection between the breakdown of my movement -- which I realize I have n't talked about , but you can't say everything -- and the blooming of the Grateful Dead as a national phenomenon that was here to stay .
Who knew it was here to stay then ?
DG : I think the killings at Kent State really scared off a lot of people who decided maybe it was n't such a good thing to take to the streets and protest the war .
I realize that protests continued and movements did continue , but you know , somewhere along in there the Weather Underground split off and started doing some really ugly stuff , and I think maybe a lot of people gravitated toward the Grateful Dead because it was a way to get out of the mainstream without getting into a dangerous sidestream .
CB : Mm-hm .
DG : And it was a thoroughly pleasant place to be .
And an undisciplined , uncontrolled , unpoliced one .
CB : Uh-huh .
DG : You could get away with a lot , psychically and physically , in that world -- and plus , you know , the music was great .
CB : Right , right .
DG : But I also think -- you mention the " Dead freaks unite " thing , and that brings up one of the interesting contradictions .
The Grateful Dead have always had this legendary reputation for being anti-marketing --
CB : Right .
DG : -- and a completely noncommercial thing , but they were very conscious and very ambitious from the get - go .
And maybe they did a brilliant job of masking their ambition and their marketing .
CB : I do n't think they set out to mask it .
I think they were both things .
You know , they were stumblebums , and they were -- when you hear the Grateful Dead described by people like Smith , Joe Smith -- he was from Warner Brothers ?
DG : Yeah .
CB : He talks about going to meetings and the women are nursing babies , and Owsley 's there and he 's passing out the latest bit of acid , and half are stoned and half are this and that -- and he used to arrive with a bodyguard .
I have n't interviewed him ; I found this out second - hand , but that 's fascinating in itself .
This was in the Sixties still .
Then you realize that this band really appeared to be Neanderthals , and really seemed quite unprofessional .
On the other hand , if you look at the record , and what they did , it did n't matter who was doing it .
You know , you look at who the managers were , or what was happening to the money , or when decisions were made or how they were made ; the fact remains that they set out , around the late Sixties , to create an audience that would support their habit , which was music .
And save them from their dismal recordings ; this was their opinion .
I mean , the dismal record of their recordings .
They really decided quite early that records were not gonna make their career ; I think that 's pretty well known .
And no other really serious songwriting -- I could be challenged on this !
-- was really done after Workingman 's Dead and American Beauty and those 1970 records and that music .
And that spoke for an era in a very powerful way , and has come to * stand * for the era , those songs .
That 's why they were played over and over , all through the years .
But I really think that -- if you look at a group like the Dead from its practice , you have to say that they were absolutely brilliant in the way they marketed themselves .
And the most brilliant decision they ever made was to try , to the best of their ability - they did n't always succeed ; look at Warner Brothers -- to do it themselves .
DG : Mm-hm .
I have to take issue with your contention that no serious songwriting took place [ after 1970 ] .
Bob Weir had n't even begun to be a serious songwriter at that point , and he sort of made his debut with an album full of tremendous stuff , called Ace , that came out in 1972 .
But I think the collective composition era ended around that time -- when they were all hangin ' out , living together , and working on the songs together .
And the real serious , hardcore woodshedding --
CB : Right .
DG : -- sort of peaked in ' 70 and ' 71 , and from that time on , there was individual songwriting going on .
Hunter and Garcia certainly wrote some wonderful stuff after that .
CB : Yeah , I know .
DG : But , I think you --
CB : No , I think you 're right , except I want to point out that this is a reflection of the shift in drug use .
I think what ended , as you say , was the woodshedding -- the collective , in the larger sense , involvement in writing the songs .
DG : Yeah --
CB : And certain partnerships persisted -- of course , Barlow and Weir , and as you say , Hunter [ and Garcia ] wrote a lot of good songs later , but they were not the products of the band , in the same way that those songs that came out in 1970 are .
DG : Now , in Sweet Chaos ; The Grateful Dead 's American Adventure , you tackle the subject of drugs in a way that really , I think , an insider could n't do .
It 's been mentioned -- Rock Scully 's book is a very colorful and sort of horrifying account of Jerry 's drug history and stuff , but what I learned from your book that I find useful , if somewhat hard to absorb at times , is what happened collectively to the culture when the socializing , happy psychedelics gave way to the alienating , compartmentalizing stimulants --
CB : Right , right .
DG : -- and I 'd like you to read a passage from the book about that .
I think it 's on page 170 .
CB : Yeah , this of course did n't just happen to the Grateful Dead .
This is about the whole transformation of the hippie culture , so - called .
That was a Time magazine pejorative phrase used at that time .
Hard drugs had chased out the soft , as they had begun to do inside the Grateful Dead organization .
" In 1969 and 1970 , it became apparent that something was going on with the drug supply , " Mountain Girl recalls .
" Acid was getting harder to get .
And there was all this other stuff around , especially cocaine , which was being touted by doctors like Dr. Hippocrates , Gene Schoenfeld , in the Berkeley Free Press .
It 's great stuff , they 'd say .
It 's pure , and it helps you get through your work day , and there 's no hangover . "
And Mountain Girl wants to know , " Where does this cocaine come from ?
Could we ask this question ? "
With Paul Krassner , she believed that cocaine , like heroin , which moved in on the Dead some year later , was not necessarily coming by donkey back over the mountains of Mexico from campesinos far away .
It was coming on 747s from Southeast Asia and South America , with the CIA .
" They were flying it into this country , she says .
and dropping it off to their informants in the inner cities .
And it made its way to our scene right away , because so much of it went to San Francisco and Berkeley .
And it destroyed our scene , " she exclaims .
" And it destroyed the scene in Berkeley , too .
It did its job , boy , and it was like a bullet right at the heart of the whole thing .
And it scared the shit out of me .
I was sure we were being targeted . "
" You probably were , " I suggest .
" You were a market .
Druggies with a public who wanted to do everything you did . "
" I never thought about the wider thing , " Mountain Girl says .
" I only thought about us ; I only thought that we were being targeted .
The bullet had struck at the heart of the band 's extended family , which in a couple of years would be surrounded by " rich fringies " connected to invisible dealers who " started showing up on our doorsteps with big old sacks of this stuff . "
" Hey , look what 's happening here , " Mountain Girl would say .
Everybody 's running off into the bathroom .
They 're jumping into their car or disappearing .
They 're not coming home .
Dinner does n't matter .
Forget doing anything together .
You come home , and you 're in a terrible shitty mood , coming down from this stuff . "
Mountain Girl has her own take on CIA drug - running at the time .
She 's inclined to think it was for the money , that it was this little branch that had run amok , she says .
" They were down tinkering with these little wars in South America , and their agents got into the blow .
And they realized they could sell this stuff and make money and fuel their secret wars , in Guatemala and Colombia , especially .
" Who were the dealers who were showing up on your doorstep ? " I asked .
" Not dealers , " she says .
" We never saw the dealers . "
Or at least she did n't .
" You 'd hear , ' Hey , man , wow , this is the new thing . '
I tried it and hated it immediately , " she declares .
" It made me dislike music .
It made me dislike my clothes .
It made me dislike people .
I did n't want anybody to touch me .
It turned me into a horrible , whining Nazi bitch , and I decided it was not my drug , immediately . "
" It must have been terrible for the band 's music , " I say , " because they were n't listening to each other . "
" But it was n't , no .
They played faster and louder , but it did n't seem to affect the music itself that much .
Besides , " she says , " there were still enough psychedelics around that there was some balance . "
For Jerry and Mountain Girl , the arrival of these drugs was the beginning of the end .
" It was disconcerting , " Mountain Girl tells me , " to be the only one holding back in a room full of friends with whom you always used to do things together . "
All of a sudden , she was the odd guy out , she and Sue Swanson , who did n't like cocaine either .
Sometimes Mountain Girl would stay up all night with Jerry and the others and rap and talk .
Then the next morning , she would say , " Jeez , did anybody say anything worth anything ?
No , nobody said anything worth shit .
All this extra-powerful conversation lead to nothing , led to insight , led to no improvement in the consciousness of the people involved in it .
It was just a bunch of surface crud . "
So her half a dozen cocaine experiences ended .
She lost many friends , but fortunately , she and Jerry were living with Bob Hunter and his girlfriend Christie Bourne in a nice house in Larkspur .
Annabelle was a little girl , and she and Sunshine had a decent home life .
Watching the kids play , though , Mountain Girl remembers her spirit sinking .
In fact , she had n't known what was going on at first , just that something awful had happened , and she was powerless to stop it .
" Cocaine is a crystal that wants you to want more of it , " Kesey explains .
You can have a hundred dollars of acid in the refrigerator , and a hundred dollars in coke , and you 'll use the coke before midnight .
You wo n't use the acid all year .
You do n't know anybody who 's going back and taking these monster trips , " he adds , answering a question I 've had .
Are these old acidheads still dropping 500 micrograms of LSD ?
The answer is no , though both Mountain Girl and Kesey still dabble with psychedelics .
And Kesey regards the right to use such drugs as equivalent to a woman 's reproductive rights .
" What 's going on inside you is your own business , " he says .
Every Easter , he and his Prankster friends and families drive to the top of a little mountain in front of the Kesey ranch in Pleasant Valley and drop some acid .
Kesey , who believes that the federal government made LSD illegal in 1966 after recognizing how it might threaten the status quo , also believes that the government sent in the " counter - revolutionary drugs , " booze and heroin and coke , " to break up the community . "
" Everybody who has been through the coke scene knows that all you ever care about is yourself , " he asserts .
" You 're suspicious of everyone because they 're out to get the stash , " and he tells me a story about how Hitler and five buddies were into cocaine .
When the war was about to start , Hitler was afraid the supply would be cut off .
So he ordered some chemists to come up with a substitute , and the substitute they came up with was methedrine .
" That 's where meth came from " Kesey states .
It came from the Nazis .
It 's a Nazi drug .
Everybody has used speed to try to get stuff done , " he says , " but if you use it for too long , pretty soon you begin to become violent . "
By 1971 , meanwhile , meth and cocaine had turned the Haight into a drug ghetto .
It had become a teenage slum with a soaring crime rate , something new on the American map , in that its inhabitants were largely white and middle class .
Hard times had eaten into the salad days of the mid-'60s , when $ 50 and a little help from your friends could carry you across the country , Vietnam spending was exacting its toll on the domestic economy .
For while the troops had begun to trickle home , the bombing had escalated and the war had widened .
In Berkeley and San Francisco , the curbside free boxes , where almost anything could be found , were emptying .
The boomtime surpluses of the 1950s and '60s were drying up .
***
David Gans :
Your direct connection to the Grateful Dead was through your sister , Candace , who was their lighting director for 25 years or so .
And I gather that that brought you into contact with the band ; you 'd go to shows from time to time , maybe even socialize with them a little bit .
I always thought that , whatever else was going on , they were a fairly likable buncha guys , in casual encounters , and they certainly had a charisma on stage that was undeniable , to those who got it .
And maybe that 's one of those things ; if you did n't get the music , you did n't think they were so cool , or whatever .
How did it look to you , in your sort of sporadic encounters ?
Carol Brightman :
Well , I have to say , to begin with , it 's true -- I went to the first concert in ' 72 , and that was when Candace started working full time for the Dead .
Before that , she had worked at the Fillmore , as a lighting designer there .
And I did n't pay a lot of attention to the band , to tell you the truth , or the music .
I was there to visit Candace and to see what she was doing , and I was checking out the lighting .
And the backstage scene always seemed kind of , oh , unreal , you know .
The backstage always seemed to me much emptier than what was happening in the audience , when the music was happening .
People would wanna get backstage because they 'd wanna sort of be part of the inner circle .
And yet there was always this feeling I felt backstage of emptiness , as you feel when you 're around celebrities .
And what 's going on is , people wanting something they do n't have , which is one of the saddest things in the world .
Maybe for the celebrities as well as for the audience .
But I did n't get the sense -- Candace , as time went on , would ventilate , and she would talk about her frustrations with the band , touring with the band , or the crew , and I would pick up stuff and I might come back and say , well , how can you stand this ?
And then she would jump on me and she 'd say , oh , but we 're family !
DG : < laugh >
CB : This was a one - way conversation for a long time .
She would stay with me often in New York when she was at the Meadowlands or in New York at Madison Square Garden .
She would stay with me when I lived in Brooklyn .
She even lived next door from Brooklyn when she dropped out of the Dead for a couple of years in ' 73 ; we were neighbors .
But I was n't allowed to vent .
I did n't make many comments ; I just heard her out .
But I did n't form the opinion of [ the Dead as ] a tight , collegial group at all .
But I sensed that they had assimilated a level of abrasiveness among themselves that was almost as important as the cereal in the morning that you start your day with .
I think if I was working within that circle , I might be able to be less sanguine about it .
You know , maybe it was really much worse than that .
But I just assumed that they thrived on conflict and confrontation , even among themselves .
So I never really quite understood this mystique about the brotherhood of the Grateful Dead , as a band , outside their music .
DG : I think it 's possible that the brotherhood existed when it was a much , much , much smaller unit --
CB : Right .
DG : -- when it really was five band members and their just immediate people , and the road crew .
Now , I 've been a touring musician , to a very , very minor degree , and I 've seen enough of the sense of concerted quest that accompanies that thing .
There is something -- there is a bond that forms almost instantly when you are in this little space pod traveling through reality , And I have a feeling that by the time it got even as big as it was in ' 72 , which was nothin ' compared to what happened by ' 87 or so --
CB : Right .
DG : -- there were already too many outsiders in it , and it was not possible for the real nut of it to encompass all of these other people .
And it may be that , as integral as Candace Brightman was to the presentation and to the touring company , she still was too late an arrival to be part of the inner family .
And it may be that the sort of secret language that those guys shared was part of what made it difficult for other people to .
. .
CB : Maybe so , but I have a feeling I that even if she had arrived earlier , she would have stayed outside , by her own choice .
I think you 're right when you talk about her existing in between the zones of the band and the audience , and I think her deepest allegiances were with the audience , is my feeling .
Which could sometimes frustrate her , you know , and she could sometimes be as abrasive , probably , as anybody else when they were in the way , but not really , because I think she had their interests -- I think she was really playing , in some ways , for the audience .
And of course , the band finally at long last picked up on that .
And when the music began to falter , as you say , and improvisation had sort of dried up , the lighting became more and more important , The spectacle became more and more important .
And she was , in fact , entertaining the audience , sometimes .
And some of the band members , Bob Weir in particular -- and Lesh , also -- was quite aware of that .
Even though they never saw her performance , because they were never on the other side .
But I really think that she was , by temperament , probably , and by choice -- well , she was a woman ; it would not have been an issue for her , but it might have been an issue for the guys .
And of course , Mountain Girl drifted away , you could say in the sense that that same year when cocaine came in and she found herself hanging out with the guys less and less , and being excluded because she was n't using it -- she was already outside the inner circle by ' 72 , ' 73 .
That was a circle that made it very hard to be a part of , from a very early time on .
***
David Gans :
It was more than just the music that attracted me to it at first .
I did n't comprehend what was really great about that music , at first .
It was the songwriting that attracted me , and the vibe , and the sort of sense of magic .
And the feeling that I was in this room of ecstatic , magical stuff happening .
And then , over the first few years of my involvement with it , I really came to appreciate and understand and internalize the musical conversation and the thing that was unique about Grateful Dead .
I mean , they would -- it was like instant architecture .
These guys would take off from structured places and go into this uncharted place , and build magnificent structures together , and then decide on a path and glide back down to earth .
And this thing was happening -- and at their peak in the ' 70s , I think , there was just nothing like it .
And then , as the time , alienation , drugs -- all these things took their toll , and the magic sort of eased out of it , and it became more and more of a ritual .
I sort of began to wonder how anybody could come into it and be attracted to it , and how they still acquired new fans , even after the time when I think their real peak days were past .
And it 's clear that what was happening was the ecstasy was still there , and those of us who were habituated to it were still able to get what we wanted from it .
And * that * was transmissible .
People would come in for the first time and see it , and they would be in this room full of people having a great time , and even if the greatness of it was n't the same as it had been , there was still greatness there .
It was a more universal kind of -- the ecstasy that was happening was still available to anybody who tapped into it .
Carol Brightman : Right , right .
DG : And I guess there was a point in their history when it became a job .
CB : Yeah .
DG : And an obligation , and maybe even kind of a drag , at times .
CB : Oh , sure .
DG : And yet , people like Candace , and all of us fans who kept going , I think nourished a hope and a sense that it still payed off often enough to make it worth the struggle , and worth the sort of unpleasant and lurchy times that we had to endure .
CB : I did n't interview Deadheads systematically , by any means , but I think , from interviewing younger fans who came in , say , the early ' 80s -- it 's a different group when you 're talking about the late ' 80s , after the whole MTV phenomenon -- but say the early ' 80s , which is a lot later than you , and when the music was quite erratic , they still had a similar experience that maybe you had , or even [ earlier ] people originally had .
This was a theme that came up , that they were all habituated to pop music , whatever it was -- you know , the usual rock ' n ' roll .
And rock ' n ' roll had a beat , and it made you excited , and you rose to it .
The Grateful Dead was off - putting at first , because it did n't have a beat .
The Deadheads I talked to -- then their friends would say , you gotta listen , there 's something else going on here .
And then they would start to see that this was -- some of them would say that it was like jazz , or they 'd have their own analogies .
But they 'd learn to listen to music ; they learned listening .
Especially for musicians among Deadheads , or musically sophisticated Deadheads , listening to the Grateful Dead was an eye - opener , an ear - opener , because it forced you to pay attention to levels of the development of a melody , out of chaos , that rock ' n ' roll per se did n't provide at all .
So it was a kind of a musical education .
The other main attraction , to answer your original question as to what really held people to the band long after they were doing their peak performances , was because it did come to embody this lost decade .
You know , this lost Atlantis , the Sixties -- which I think is a lot of crap , in many ways .
But what 's important is that the need and hunger for the Sixties , or for something approximating it , still exists , and is far from satisfied by the commercial romanticizations , or the commercial putdowns , of the Sixties .
One of the things I try to do in the political sections of this book is to bring out the parts of the Sixties that are rarely talked about ; the political activism that really did rock the boat .
It was sometimes very foolish -- Weathermen , for example -- and sometimes had a meaning that was n't appreciated at the time but I think has a meaning that 's appreciated now , like the groups of volunteer [ sugar ] cane cutters that went to Cuba in 1970 , ' 71 -- I was one of them , with the Venceramos Brigade .
DG : What was that about ?
Tell us a little about that .
CB : That was an effort on the part -- I do n't know what the real origin of it was , but I think young American radicals were looking for a way to relate to this revolution that was only 90 miles away , that would n't be just handing out leaflets or applauding , you know , or romanticizing the dead Che Guevara -- he had been killed , of course , in ' 67 -- and also they were looking for a way to challenge the blockade .
I mean , this is a history that has n't changed .
We * still * have n't demolished the blockade of Cuba .
DG : Yeah .
CB : And so they wanted to do it through work .
That was on our side , say .
And on the Cuban side , the Cubans were always trying to -- and Fidel , in particular -- sugar was still the primary source of capital , of hard cash , beyond whatever subsidies they were getting from the Soviet Union , which were huge , of course .
They were still trying to make it go , trying to have an independent economy , but at that point it was sugar , so there was this effort to have a 10 million - ton zafra -- sugar harvest , 1970 .
So a lot of us volunteered and were enlisted to participate in this harvest ; they fell far short of the harvest .
Our interest , of course , was in defying the blockade ; we were portrayed in Congress by Senator Eastland as going down there to fashion missiles to sent back to the United States , and going for guerrilla training .
It 's a fascinating story , and the interesting thing for me was that in the brigade I went on in 1970 -- the second brigade was almost 600 people , and it was a mixture of blacks and whites and Chicanos and Puerto Riqueños working together , such as never happened up here .
And even , say , among blacks in the group , there were contacts between Black Panthers and SNCC [ Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee ] and groups that were divided by region , and even among the black movement it was an attempt to sort of meet up with their counterparts from around the country .
For whites , it was an unprecedented experience , to share work and to work towards common goals with a truly multicultural -- to use a current word -- group .
But the real thing -- one of the things , looking back , that to me seems very peculiar and important about that enterprise , which is full of adventures and has never really been seriously treated or written about , as far as I know , is that what it introduced Americans to -- and in 1970 , this was very important -- was to an optimism that we were already losing by 1970 .
The war was -- we had done everything we could do .
The polls were all on our side , as far as the war , but Nixon had just expanded the war and was bombing the hell out of Cambodia .
And Hanoi would be bombed in 1972 .
So there was this frustration .
What can you do ?
How can you have any impact on the policies that were most disruptive to our lives , literally , and to our hopes and ideals , which was the war at that point .
In Cuba , there was the optimism that you could change the course of history , and then Fidel would come into the cane fields and he would talk about how all of human history up till now was prehistory because we had not been able to realize the ideals that man was born for , that men were created for .
And this was the beginning of real history , when men could take control -- men and woman , of course -- of their destinies through direct action and they would not be dependent upon the various sovereigns through time , through ages -- kings , corporations , cartels , whatever .
That was a message which we heard .
And the vision of a head of state trekking out in the cane fields and talking and having questions asked and even being debated -- Fidel was questioned why he insisted that the American [ men ] have the first glass of orange juice , and he was told that this was very backward , men and women were equal .
And then he would say , does that have to go , too , in the revolution ?
Do we have to give away our respect -- he was saying this as a man , of course -- for women ?
And the young American says , absolutely , that must go .
These kinds of back and forth were happening in the cane fields , at a time when the communication between young Americans and their government was one of either , you avoided any confrontation at all costs , or if you had one you might end up in serious trouble .
This was , after all , a month or two before the National Guard shot the four students at Kent State .
And it was also around exactly the same time that Weathermen blew up three of their own members , making pipe bombs in a town house in Greenwich Village in New York .
So , 1970 - 71 is the true framework for this book , and there 's a lot in the book which tries to recall something that most of us who are this old remember , that this was a period of time of enormous chaos , both socially and politically , in this country , and that the edges of that have been pretty much ground down in the versions that were shown on television and in movies and read in books .
DG : And from that crucible , that boiling pot of weirdness , the Grateful Dead kind of appeared to be this pied piper leading these people away into a never - never land of not worrying about that stuff .
CB : Yeah .
DG : And I suppose the positive way --
CB : That 's right .
DG : -- of framing that is to say well , they did the thing of living by example .
They did n't agitate for political change , they just set up a society that worked in a more or less harmonious , or at least nonconfrontational , nonauthoritarian way .
The reality of it was a whole lot more tumultuous , internally , than the public image that the Deadhead community carries would indicate .
But it was a place to go that got you away from the boring , grey mainstream Sixties consumer culture --
CB : Yeah .
DG : -- without requiring you to throw a rock , carry a gun , or get shot by the National Guard .
CB : Right .
But I still think -- I can't turn to it right away , but there 's a great interview with Jerry -- I think it was in ' 82 , which is a little late -- Jerry Garcia said , you know , he looked back on all the Sixties stuff and he thought it all looked ridiculous and such a waste of time .
I think he had hardened a little bit by ' 82 , as a lot of people did , but I think he always did think this .
He said , " You can't change the world ; why even attempt it ?
It 's not gonna change , it 's always gonna be the same , and even if we could , how do we know we 'd make anything better ? " he says , which is interesting .
Then he says , really all you can do is try to find a little corner there for yourself , meaning yourself collectively ; he did not mean myself , Jerry Garcia -- he meant my world , my society .
So that has a paradox there .
Because if you find a little corner for yourself , you 're gonna have very little responsibility or control over what 's gonna happen outside .
You sort of give it up .
And so your own little corner becomes quite imperiled , in a way , or incidental to what 's happening outside .
The old question right now I think is still very important : can we change what 's going on ?
I think the general tenor of popular opinion now , I would guess , probably is more on the side of Jerry , Jerry 's opinion , that things are unchangeable .
And yet I do n't think there 's anything permanent about that point of view .
I just think that obviously , looking around you now -- and at the same time , I do n't think anyone now who really thinks about it equates political action with voting , or with participation in government .
But the idea that political action can be based upon the needs of people in real communities coming together to get something done is an idea that has to be reborn .
DG : Yes .
CB : < chuckle >
DG : Well , as we 're having this conversation , Congress has voted to impeach Bill Clinton over petty sexual matters , and we are bombing Iraq .
In a way that I never experienced in my 45 years , I had this sense of outrage , in a conversation I had with somebody last night here in Chicago .
What right does any society have to just go end the lives -- in a blink of an eye -- end the lives of innocent people who have nothing whatsoever to do with this geopolitical struggle .
I do n't know why it took me so long to experience it on that level , and I did n't know what it meant before , when I was a kid .
I skipped school , you know , and went to Moratorium Day in 1970 , but I did n't really know what it was about .
For some reason , yesterday was the first time I 'd ever had this visceral understanding of the absolute immorality of this thing , that the economic political interests of this large thing would feel that it had the right to just expunge innocent lives elsewhere .
It 's just -- it makes me wanna go change the world .
It makes me wanna go raise a little hell about , and it makes me want to shake the sons of bitches in Washington who are prattling on and destroying lives in the name of this other irrelevant stuff , while ignoring this greater injustice that 's going on .
CB : Yeah , I think that 's just a perfectly human reaction .
It 's like a atrophied limb that 's gone kind of dead from disuse that 's coming alive because of the horror of what 's happening right now .
But when you really think -- I 'm thinking about what Jerry Garcia said in that 1982 Playboy interview , about making your own little world , accepting the fact that you can't change the larger one -- that 's the dominant ideology right now .
And privatizing your experience is really the primary response that citizens -- who operate fundamentally as consumers in relation to the powers that be -- that 's really the response .
The notion of trying to find your own peace and your own satisfaction within your own circle is the dominant ideology .
I think that 's being shaken right now , and I think that there are challenges that are shaking it from inside and from outside , by the utter absurdity and the lunacy of what 's happening within the American government and the horror of what 's happening -- the demonstration of the power that that government still has to wreck havoc in the world .
So it 's a terrible way to be forced to consider the options , the alternatives to turning your back on it all and ignoring it , but it may work out to have that effect .
DG : And I still think that voting is worth doing .
CB : < chuckle >
DG : I think that if more people voted , the world would be a little bit less beholden to the manipulative interests of the corporations and stuff .
I still vote --
CB : Yeah .
DG : -- and I still wish that everybody listening to this radio program would register and vote .
Small numbers of votes have made differences in various elections .
The Dornan - Sanchez race in Southern California was a very important one , because it got a vile and repellant , ugly voice out of the Congress .
He fought like hell , Bullet Bob Dornan , or B - 1 Bob , whatever he 's called -- he fought like hell to contest that election , but he lost it fair and square .
And then he ran for that seat again and he lost it again , resoundingly this time .
CB : Right .
DG : And that was a few hundred votes , I think , that made the difference in that district .
So it * can * make a difference , and it 's still worth doing .
And maybe if enough people voted , it would change the tone of things a little bit .
CB : Mm-hm , mm-hm .
I do n't disagree with you there .
DG : We 're not gonna solve any problems by talking about it .
We 're not gonna answer any of these questions , unfortunately , but it is good to raise the questions , and I very much appreciate the questions that are raised in this book and the information that is given in it about what my culture meant to your culture , as it were .
CB : < chuckle >
Right .
DG : The name of the book is Sweet Chaos ; The Grateful Dead 's American Adventure .
The author is Carol Brightman .
It has been my pleasure to speak with you , and thank you .
New Delhi , India ( CNN ) --
The resumption of talks between India and Pakistan on Thursday was critical in restoring trust and confidence that eroded after the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai , the Indian and Pakistani foreign secretaries said Thursday .
" I think there was good chemistry between the two delegations , " India 's Nirupama Rao said after the meeting , where no breakthroughs were announced .
" If we are to build upon the past discussion at an appropriate time , trust and confidence between us must be restored .
I believe my meeting with the Pakistani foreign secretary has constituted that first step .
We have agreed to stay in touch . "
Pakistan 's Salman Bashir said he came to New Delhi at the invitation of Rao to " bridge our differences . "
He said he would not use any adjectives to characterize the talks , just that they were an honest effort to resume dialogue on the part of two nuclear - armed rivals .
From Pakistan 's perspective , he said , the core issue of contention remains the disputed Himalayan territory of Kashmir and what he called human rights violations in the Indian - controlled part of the region .
He said he hoped Thursday 's conversation would help focus discussion on Kashmir , a prickly subject that Rao said was briefly touched upon .
" One can not be dismissive of this issue , " Bashir said .
He also said terrorism was a pressing priority and that it was a " blight that has to be exterminated .
Pakistan is determined to succeed in overcoming this menace of terrorism , " he said .
Rao has pressured Pakistan to take action against Hafiz Saeed , the founder of Lashkar - e - Tayyiba , the banned Pakistani group that India accuses of orchestrating the Mumbai siege .
Saeed has made inflammatory speeches against India .
" The view from the Pakistani establishment is they do not subscribe to the agenda of such persons but their laws , at the moment , do not permit them to take action against such person by virtue of speeches they make , " Rao said .
Bashir said Saeed does not speak for the government of Pakistan and that anyone who accuses Pakistan of dismissing the threat of terrorism is wrong .
After all , he said , Pakistan has suffered numerous attacks on civilians in recent years .
" We have suffered many , many hundreds of Mumbais , " he said .
The conflict in neighboring Afghanistan was not discussed Thursday , Rao said .
India and Pakistan have fought three wars since their independence in 1947 .
In 2004 , the nuclear - armed countries agreed to a peace process called the " composite dialogue " that covered eight issues , including Kashmir , terrorism and Pakistan 's concerns over river dams on the Indian side , which it sees as a threat to its water supplies .
Successive governments on both sides of the border carried forward the talks , which they acknowledged as a means to ending their historical acrimony .
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari hailed results from the negotiations in September 2008 as the countries completed four rounds of diplomatic meetings .
In an apparent reference to the militants , both leaders vowed to defeat forces they blamed for trying to break off their dialogue .
But the bloody assault in Mumbai two months later , targeting several of the city 's landmarks , led India to step back .
Since then , the Indian government has faced stiff resistance , especially from its Hindu nationalist opponents , over any new effort to renew the dialogue with Pakistan .
The South Asian nations pledged to resume talks when their prime ministers met in Egypt in July 2009 .
Rao said she hoped further dialogue would stem from Thursday 's talks , the first official discussions since the Mumbai attacks .
As I pack up my Berkeley house , my posessions are going one of three ways :
1. Moved to the NYC apartment .
2. Moved to storage in Calif .
3 . Sold or given away .
The vast majority of the stuff is in category 3 .
Most of the stuff in category 3 was stuff that went into storage after my last move , from Woodside to Cambridge in 2003 .
This was the stuff I thought was indispensible , yet it all stayed in boxes in my Berkeley garage until this move .
I 'm taking Bruce Sterling 's excellent advice , which I heard in a speech he gave at Reboot in Copenhagen last summer .
I 'm taking photographs of things I can't part with but have n't looked at in 20 years .
And scanning a lot of documents and publishing the interesting stuff that I can publish without hurting anyone who 's alive ( and most of the people are alive ) .
I have n't found a way to scan disks in formats that I do n't have hardware to read , so that stuff is going into storage .
That , and stuff my grandparents left me and quilts my mother made for me .
Stuff like that , that should be passed down through generations , if we get that far . " >
One of the letters I came across is relevant to the discussion about developers and Apple and Twitter , so I decided to put it up on Flickr and write it up here .
In 1987 , my company , Living Videotext , had a hit product -- MORE .
It was one of very few products selling on the Mac platform , having shipped in the prior year .
It led a new category we called Desktop Presentations .
The other product in the category was PowerPoint , produced by a company named Forethought .
I had a meeting with Bill Gates at Esther Dyson 's conference in 1987 , and he popped the question every developer wants to hear -- Can we buy you ?
I said of course .
So we started negotiation , agreed on a price and due diligence began .
Then I got a letter from Frank Gaudette , the CFO of the company , and a phone call from Gates , saying they decided not to do the deal .
They were buying our competitor , PowerPoint .
I totally wanted the deal .
In 1987 Microsoft was freshly IPO'd .
The deal was for stock , and its value had doubled while they deliberated .
So I sent a letter basically begging them to do the deal , but I got back the rejection above .
PowerPoint became a household name , and MORE did well , but I probably would have had more fun at Microsoft , and certainly would have made more money . ">
" But we have also set up taps from which staff can drink freely .
So the employees can certainly manage to drink more than one beer during their lunchtime breaks . "
For one Chicago Blackhawk , getting back to work in preparation for the playoffs has a meaning beyond hockey .
It 's an indication his dad is recovering .
Forward Troy Brouwer left the team earlier this month and traveled to Vancouver when his dad fell sick and was hospitalized .
While the Hawks were in the stretch run of a magnificent regular season , Brouwer knew where he had to be .
" He needed me to be home , and my family needed me to be home , " Brouwer said after his first practice back on Tuesday .
" As soon as he was OK , he was the first one to tell me to come back , so it was an easy decision for me . "
Brouwer skated with Dave Bolland and Patrick Kane on Tuesday as they will be the Hawks second line come the playoffs .
He 's in his second full season with the team and registered 22 goals and 18 assists while playing in all meaningful situations for the Blackhawks .
He missed the last four contests of the regular season , but he knows he has several days to get ready for the Hawks first playoff game on Friday .
" Family is No. 1 in my life , and I would say in everyone 's lives here , " Brouwer said .
" The team was generous in letting me go home and take as much time as I needed , but I think they 're happy to have me back .
" I 'm very excited to come back .
It means my dad is getting better . "
Brouwer 's coach , Joel Quenneville , welcomed his second - line winger back with open arms .
" [ It 's a ] challenging time for him , " Quenneville said .
" Have to commend him on how 's he handled it .
" It 's positive news too about his dad , and at the same time he 's got a couple , three days here to get his game back . "
Brouwer said he watched all four games he missed while also getting a chance to skate a couple times and work with his personal trainer .
He felt a little rust on Tuesday but is confident he 'll be ready for Friday .
And though his dad was ill , it did n't stop him from giving his son some fatherly advice .
" My dad has always been harping on me to take the puck off the wall and go to the net a little bit harder , " Brouwer explained .
" When he woke up , it 's the first thing he said to me .
He just wants me to come , play hard .
He 's proud of me and he wants me to do well .
That 's really all he gave me . "
Jesse Rogers cover the Blackhawks for ESPNChicago.com .
In Sangin , says a farmer , ' people are sick of night raids and being treated badly by the foreigners '
As with so many of the Helmand towns where the British are present the bazaar in Sangin is officially " thriving " .
Indeed , recent visitors have to admit that there are signs of commerce in the long thin strip of shops .
But the rest , says David Gill , a photographer who visited Sangin three times last year , is like " a ghost town in Death Valley where you drive through and all you see is a sign flapping in the wind " .
In some of the more benign areas of Helmand children may offer the occasional wave to passing soldiers , but in Sangin all you can feel is the " intense hatred of a people who hate everything you stand for " , Gill says .
Development work has been glacial .
The new " traditional courthouse " is little more than a room with six plastic chairs .
When the British arrived in June 2006 they had to fight while filling sandbags and constructing their base at FOB ( Forward Operation Base ) Jackson .
Sometimes the base came close to being overrun .
The figures for British deaths in Sangin and its immediate surroundings make stark reading : of the 281 servicemen and women who have died in Afghanistan , 88 lost their lives there .
For some soldiers the notoriety of the posting brings out grim humour .
They wear T - shirts with the motif " Wishtan you were here ? " , in reference to the notorious FOB Wishtan , with a mixture of pride and irony .
It took months to clear all the alleyways around Wishtan that had been intensively seeded with homemade bombs .
No wonder Jerry Thomas , the brigadier in charge of British forces in Helmand when they first moved into Sangin , was said to be deeply sceptical about the wisdom of the move .
Today fighting is still intense , and in army spokesman Gordon Messenger 's words , Sangin is " the most challenging area in which British troops operate " .
Now the district is officially the country 's most lethal place for foreign forces , responsible for more than 10 % of daily casualties of the entire Nato mission , as a result of its particularly poisonous mix of drugs and tribal warfare .
With lots of water and fertile land , Sangin is perfect for growing the poppies currently being harvested for their opium sap .
Sangin is also well suited as a trafficking hub because of its proximity to the national ring road , putting cities such as Herat and Kandahar in easy reach .
The drugs industry has every reason to fight against attempts to assert government control , making natural allies of the insurgents in the district .
The Afghan government is in no position to assert itself against such powerful narco - traffickers who hopelessly compromise what little government capacity does exist .
According to a Kabul - based diplomat last year the district had only 50 Afghan policemen and about 350 soldiers .
The abusive and corrupt police force , whose members think nothing of beating and stealing from local people , has been a constant problem , with the British seen as the enforcement mechanism for deeply corrupt Afghan authorities .
Drugs and weak government are further complicated by a complex tribal situation .
The fighting between armed factions during Afghanistan 's civil war in the 1990s helped to fragment and weaken traditional tribal authority .
" The picture that emerges is one where a minority tribe controls the government and the majority , which is not in government , control the heroin .
Everyone else gets angry and joins the Taliban , " says one Kabul diplomat with knowledge of Helmand .
The people of Sangin blame inter-tribal fighting and the drug trade for the dire security situation , but also hold the foreign soldiers responsible for the chaos .
According to two farmers currently staying in Lashkar Gah who were contacted by the Guardian but did not want to be named , the behaviour of the British is by the far the biggest problem .
One said : " The Taliban do not even have a bakery that they can give bread to the people , but still most people support the Taliban – that 's because people are sick of night raids and being treated badly by the foreigners . "
This article was amended on 23 April 2010 .
The original subheading quoted a visiting photographer .
This has been changed to quote a local farmer .
David K. Drumm was an affable and driven young banker in the late 1990s when he arrived in Boston to build a commercial loan business for Anglo Irish Bank .
Willing to take bigger risks on bigger deals , Anglo Irish quickly became a major player in the city ’s real estate market , ultimately financing such projects as the Mandarin Oriental hotel and ... ( Full article : 1419 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
" Licensing Parents " by Hugh LaFollette Philosophy and Public Affairs ( Winter 1980 ) pp. 182-97
[ pdf version ] " Licensing Parents Revisited , " the statement of my current views on the topic , appeared in 2010 in the Journal of Applied Philosophy , pp. 327-43 .
This is an expanded and refined paper .
Although clearly linked to this one , it is noticeable changed ( and , I think , improved ) .
Feel free to read the essay here , download it for private use , or
link to it .
But do not place copies of the file on any other server .
In this essay I shall argue that the state should require all parents to be licensed .
My main goal is to demonstrate that the licensing of parents is theoretically desirable , though I shall also argue that a workable and just licensing program actually could be established .
My strategy is simple .
After developing the basic rationale for the licensing of parents , I shall consider several objections to the proposal and argue that these objections fail to undermine it .
I shall then isolate some striking similarities between this licensing program and our present policies on the adoption of children .
If we retain these adoption policies -- as we surely should -- then , I argue , a general licensing program should also be established .
Finally , I shall briefly suggest that the reason many people object to licensing is that they think parents , particularly biological parents , own or have natural sovereignty over their children .
REGULATING POTENTIALLY HARMFUL ACTIVITIES
Our society normally regulates a certain range of activities ; it is illegal to perform these activities unless one has received prior permission to do so .
We require automobile operators to have licenses .
We forbid people from practicing medicine , law , pharmacy , or psychiatry unless they have satisfied certain licensing requirements .
Society 's decision to regulate just these activities is not ad hoc .
The decision to restrict admission to certain vocations and to forbid some people from driving is based on an eminently plausible , though not often explicitly formulated , rationale .
(1) We require drivers to be licensed because driving an auto is an activity which is potentially harmful to others , safe performance of the activity requires a certain competence , and we have a moderately reliable procedure for determining that competence .
The potential harm is obvious : incompetent drivers can and do maim and kill people .
The best way we have of limiting this harm without sacrificing the benefits of automobile travel is to require that all drivers demonstrate at least minimal competence .
We likewise license doctors , .
lawyers , and psychologists because they perform activities which can harm others .
Obviously they must be proficient if they are to perform these activities properly , and we have moderately reliable procedures for determining proficiency Imagine a world in which everyone could legally drive a car , in which everyone could legally perform surgery , prescribe medications , dispense drugs .
or offer legal advice .
Such a world would hardly be desirable .
Consequently , any activity that is potentially harmful to others and requires certain demonstrated competence for its safe performance , is subject to regulation that is , it is theoretically desirable that we regulate it .
If we also have a reliable procedure for determining whether someone has the requisite competence , then the action is not only subject to regulation but ought , all things considered , to be regulated .
It is particularly significant that we license these hazardous activities , even though denying a license to someone can severely inconvenience and even harm that person .
Furthermore , available competency tests are not 100 percent accurate .
Denying someone a driver 's license in our society , for example , would inconvenience that person acutely .
In effect that person would be prohibited from working , shopping , or visiting in places reachable only by car .
Similarly , people denied vocational licenses are inconvenienced , even devastated .
We have all heard of individuals who had the " life - long dream " of becoming physicians or lawyers , yet were denied that dream .
However , the realization that some people are disappointed or inconvenienced does not diminish our conviction that we must regulate occupations or activities that are potentially dangerous to others .
Innocent people must be protected even if it means that others cannot pursue activities they deem highly desirable .
Furthermore , we maintain licensing procedures even though our competency tests are sometimes inaccurate .
Some people competent to perform the licensed activity ( for example , driving a car ) will be unable to demonstrate competence ( they freeze up on the driver 's test ) .
Others may be incompetent , yet pass the test ( they are lucky or certain aspects of competence -- for example , the sense of responsibility -- are not tested ) .
We recognize clearly - - or should recognize clearly -- that no test will pick out all and only competent drivers , physicians , lawyers , and so on .
Mistakes are inevitable .
This does not mean we should forget that innocent people may be harmed by faulty regulatory procedures .
In fact , if the procedures are sufficiently faulty , we should cease regulating that activity entirely until more reliable tests are available .
I only want to emphasize here that tests need not be perfect .
Where moderately reliable tests are available , licensing procedures should be used to protect innocent people from incompetents .
( 2)
These general criteria for regulatory licensing can certainly be applied to parents .
First , parenting is an activity potentially very harmful to children .
The potential for harm is apparent : each year more than half a million children are physically abused or neglected by their parents .
(3) Many millions more are psychologically abused or neglected -- not given love , respect , or a sense of self - worth .
The results of this maltreatment are obvious .
Abused children bear the physical and psychological scars of maltreatment throughout their lives .
Far too often they turn to crime .
(4) They are far more likely than others to abuse their own children .
(5) Even if these maltreated children never harm anyone , they will probably never be well - adjusted , happy adults .
Therefore , parenting clearly satisfies the first criterion of activities subject to regulation .
The second criterion is also incontestably satisfied .
A parent must be competent if he is to avoid harming his children ; even greater competence is required if he is to do the " job " well .
But not everyone has this minimal competence .
Many people lack the knowledge needed to rear children adequately .
Many others lack the requisite energy , temperament , or stability .
Therefore , child - rearing manifestly satisfies both criteria of activities subject to regulation .
In fact , I dare say that parenting is a paradigm of such activities since the potential for harm is so great ( both in the extent of harm any one person can suffer and in the number of people potentially harmed ) and the need for competence is so evident .
Consequently , there is good reason to believe that all parents should be licensed .
The only ways to avoid this conclusion are to deny the need for licensing any potentially harmful activity ; to deny that I have identified the standard criteria of activities which should be regulated ; to deny that parenting satisfies the standard criteria ; to show that even though parenting satisfies the standard criteria there are special reasons why licensing parents is not theoretically desirable ; or to show that there is no reliable and just procedure for implementing this program .
While developing my argument for licensing I have already identified the standard criteria for activities that should be regulated , and I have shown that they can properly be applied to parenting .
One could deny the legitimacy of regulation by licensing , but in doing so one would condemn not only the regulation of parenting , but also the regulation of drivers , physicians , druggists , and doctors .
Furthermore , regulation of hazardous activities appears to be a fundamental task of any stable society .
Thus only two objections remain .
In the next section I shall see if there are any special reasons why licensing parents is not theoretically desirable .
Then , in the following section , I shall examine several practical objections designed to demonstrate that even if licensing were theoretically desirable , it could not be justly implemented .
THEORETICAL OBJECTIONS TO LICENSING
Licensing is unacceptable , someone might say , since people have a right to have children , just as they have rights to free speech and free religious expression .
They do not need a license to speak freely or to worship as they wish .
Why ?
Because they have a right to engage in these activities .
Similarly , since people have a right to have children , any attempt to license parents would be unjust .
This is an important objection since many people find it plausible , if not self - evident .
However , it is not as convincing as it appears .
The specific rights appealed to in this analogy are not without limitations .
Both slander and human sacrifice are prohibited by law ; both could result from the unrestricted exercise of freedom of speech and freedom of religion .
Thus , even if people have these rights , they may sometimes be limited in order to protect innocent people .
Consequently , even if people had a right to have children , that right might also be limited in order to protect innocent people , in this case children .
Secondly , the phrase " right to have children " is ambiguous ; hence , it is important to isolate its most plausible meaning in this context .
Two possible interpretations are not credible and can be dismissed summarily .
It is implausible to claim either that infertile people have rights to be given children or that people have rights to intentionally create children biologically without incurring any subsequent responsibility to them .
A third interpretation , however , is more plausible , particularly when coupled with observations about the degree of intrusion into one 's life that the licensing scheme represents .
On this interpretation people have a right to rear children if they make good - faith efforts to rear procreated children the best way they see fit .
One might defend this claim on the ground that licensing would require too much intrusion into the lives of sincere applicants .
Undoubtedly one should be wary of unnecessary governmental intervention into individuals ' lives .
In this case , though , the intrusion would not often be substantial , and when it is , it would be warranted .
Those granted licenses would face merely minor intervention ; only those denied licenses would encounter marked intrusion .
This encroachment , however , is a necessary side - effect of licensing parents -- just as it is for automobile and vocational licensing .
In addition , as I shall argue in more detail later , the degree of intrusion arising from a general licensing program would be no more than , and probably less than , the present ( and presumably justifiable ) encroachment into the lives of people who apply to adopt children .
Furthermore , since some people hold unacceptable views about what is best for children ( they think children should be abused regularly ) , people do not automatically have rights to rear children just because they will rear them in a way they deem appropriate .
( 6 )
Consequently , we come to a somewhat weaker interpretation of this right claim : a person has a right to rear children if he meets certain minimal standards of child rearing .
Parents must not abuse or neglect their children and must also provide for the basic needs of the children .
This claim of right is certainly more credible than the previously canvassed alternatives , though some people might still reject this claim in situations where exercise of the right would lead to negative consequences , for example , to overpopulation .
More to the point , though , this conditional right is compatible with licensing .
On this interpretation one has a right to have children only if one is not going to abuse or neglect them .
Of course the very purpose if licensing is just to determine whether people are going to abuse or neglect their children .
If the determination is made that someone will maltreat children , then that person is subject to the limitations of the right to have children and can legitimately be denied a parenting license .
In fact , this conditional way of formulating the right to have children provides a model for formulating all alleged rights to engage in hazardous activities .
Consider , for example , the right to drive a car .
People do not have an unconditional right to drive , although they do have a right to drive if they are competent .
Similarly , people do not have an unconditional right to practice medicine ; they have a right only if they are demonstrably competent .
Hence , denying a driver 's or physician 's license to someone who has not demonstrated the requisite competence does not deny that person 's rights .
Likewise , on this model , denying a parenting license to someone who is not competent does not violate that person 's rights .
Of course someone might object that the right is conditional on actually being a person who will abuse or neglect children , whereas my proposal only picks out those we can reasonably predict will abuse children .
Hence , this conditional right would be incompatible with licensing .
There are two ways to interpret this objection and it is important to distinguish these divergent formulations .
First , the objection could be a way of questioning our ability to predict reasonably and accurately whether people would maltreat their own children .
This is an important practical objection , but I will defer discussion of it until the next section .
Second , this objection could be a way of expressing doubt about the moral propriety of the prior restraint licensing re quires .
A parental licensing program would deny licenses to applicants judged to be incompetent even though they had never maltreated any children .
This practice would be in tension with our normal skepticism about the propriety of prior restraint .
Despite this healthy skepticism , we do sometimes use prior restraint .
In extreme circumstances we may hospitalize or imprison people judged insane , even though they are not legally guilty of any crime , simply because we predict they are likely to harm others .
More typically , though , prior restraint is used only if the restriction is not terribly onerous and the restricted activity is one which could lead easily to serious harm .
Most types of licensing ( for example , those for doctors , drivers , and druggists ) fall into this latter category .
They re quire prior restraint to prevent serious harm , and generally the restraint is minor though it is important to remember that some individuals will find it oppressive .
The same is true of parental licensing .
The purpose of licensing is to prevent serious harm to children .
More over , the prior restraint required by licensing would not be terribly onerous for many people .
Certainly the restraint would be far less extensive than the presumably justifiable prior restraint of , say , insane criminals .
Criminals preventively detained and mentally ill people forcibly hospitalized are denied most basic liberties , while those denied parental licenses would be denied only that one specific opportunity .
They could still vote , work for political candidates , speak on controversial topics , and so on .
Doubtless some individuals would find the restraint onerous .
But when compared to other types of restraint currently practiced , and when judged in light of the severity of harm maltreated children suffer , the restraint appears relatively minor .
Furthermore , we could make certain , as we do with most licensing programs , that individuals denied licenses are given the opportunity to reapply easily and repeatedly for a license .
Thus , many people correctly denied licenses ( because they are incompetent ) would choose ( perhaps it would be provided ) to take counseling or therapy to improve their chances of passing the next test .
On the other hand , most of those mistakenly denied licenses would probably be able to demonstrate in a later test that they would be competent parents .
Consequently , even though one needs to be wary of prior restraint , if the potential for harm is great and the restraint is minor relative to the harm we are trying to prevent -- as it would be with parental licensing -- then such restraint is justified .
This objection , like all the theoretical objections reviewed , has failed .
PRACTICAL OBJECTIONS TO LICENSING
I shall now consider five practical objections to licensing .
Each objection focuses on the problems or difficulties of implementing this proposal .
According to these objections , licensing is ( or may be ) theoretically desirable ; nevertheless , it cannot be efficiently and justly implemented .
The first objection is that there may not be , or we may not be able to discover , adequate criteria of " a good parent . "
We simply do not have the knowledge , and it is unlikely that we could ever obtain the knowledge , that would enable us to distinguish adequate from inadequate parents .
Clearly there is some force to this objection .
It is highly improbable that we can formulate criteria that would distinguish precisely be tween good and less than good parents .
There is too much we do not know about child development and adult psychology .
My proposal , however , does not demand that we make these fine distinctions .
It does not demand that we license only the best parents ; rather it is designed to exclude only the very bad ones .
(8) This is not just a semantic difference , but a substantive one .
Although we do not have infallible criteria for picking out good parents , we undoubtedly can identify bad ones -- those who will abuse or neglect their children .
Even though we could have a lively debate about the range of freedom a child should be given or the appropriateness of corporal punishment , we do not wonder if a parent who severely beats or neglects a child is adequate .
We know that person is n't .
Consequently , we do have reliable and useable criteria for determining who is a bad parent ; we have the criteria necessary to make a licensing program work .
The second practical objection to licensing is that there is no re liable way to predict who will maltreat their children .
Without an accurate predictive test , licensing would be not only unjust , but also a waste of time .
Now I recognize that as a philosopher ( and not a psychologist , sociologist , or social worker ) , I am on shaky ground if I make sweeping claims about the present or future abilities of professionals to produce such predictive tests .
Nevertheless , there are some relevant observations I can offer .
Initially , we need to be certain that the demands on predictive tests are not unreasonable .
For example , it would be improper to require that tests be 100 percent accurate .
Procedures for licensing drivers , physicians , lawyers , druggists , etc. , plainly are not 100 percent ( or anywhere near 100 percent ) accurate .
Presumably we recognize these deficiencies yet embrace the procedures anyway .
Consequently , it would be imprudent to demand considerably more exacting standards for the tests used in licensing parents .
In addition , from what I can piece together , the practical possibilities for constructing a reliable predictive test are not all that gloomy .
Since my proposal does not require that we make fine line distinctions between good and less than good parents , but rather that we weed out those who are potentially very bad , we can use existing tests that claim to isolate relevant predictive characteristics -- whether a person is violence - prone , easily frustrated , or unduly self - centered .
In fact , researchers at Nashville General Hospital have developed a brief interview questionnaire which seems to have significant predictive value .
Based on their data , the researchers identified 20 percent of the interviewees as a " risk group " -- those having great potential for serious problems .
After one year they found " the incidence of major break down in parent - child interaction in the risk group was approximately four to five times as great as in the low risk group . "
(9 ) We also know that parents who maltreat children often have certain identifiable experiences , for example , most of them were themselves maltreated as children .
Consequently , if we combined our information about these parents with certain psychological test results , we would probably be able to predict with reasonable accuracy which people will maltreat their children .
However , my point is not to argue about the precise reliability of present tests .
I cannot say emphatically that we now have accurate predictive tests .
Nevertheless , even if such tests are not available , we could undoubtedly develop them .
For example , we could begin a longitudinal study in which all potential parents would be required to take a specified battery of tests .
Then these parents could be " followed " to discover which ones abused or neglected their children .
By correlating test scores with information on maltreatment , a usable , accurate test could be fashioned .
Therefore , I do not think that the present unavailability of such tests ( if they are unavailable ) would count against the legitimacy of licensing parents .
The third practical objection is that even if a reliable test for ascertaining who would be an acceptable parent were available , administrators would unintentionally misuse that test .
These unintentional mistakes would clearly harm innocent individuals .
Therefore , so the argument goes , this proposal ought to be scrapped .
This objection can be dispensed with fairly easily unless one assumes there is some special reason to believe that more mistakes will be made in administering parenting licenses than in other regulatory activities .
No matter how reliable our proceedings are , there will always be mistakes .
We may license a physician who , through incompetence , would cause the death of a patient ; or we may mistakenly deny a physician 's license to some one who would be competent .
But the fact that mistakes are made does not and should not lead us to abandon attempts to determine competence .
The harm done in these cases could be far worse than the harm of mistakenly denying a person a parenting license .
As far as I can tell , there is no reason to believe that more mistakes will be made here than elsewhere .
The fourth proposed practical objection claims that any testing procedure will be intentionally abused .
People administering the process will disqualify people they dislike , or people who espouse views they dislike , from rearing children .
The response to this objection is parallel to the response to the previous objection , namely , that there is no reason to believe that the licensing of parents is more likely to be abused than driver 's license tests or other regulatory procedures .
In addition , individuals can be protected from prejudicial treatment by pursuing appeals available to them .
Since the licensing test can be taken on numerous occasions , the likelihood of the applicant 's working with different administrative personnel increases and therefore the likelihood decreases that intentional abuse could ultimately stop a qualified person from rearing children .
Consequently , since the probability of such abuse is not more than , and may even be less than , the intentional abuse of judicial and other regulatory authority , this objection does not give us any reason to reject the licensing of parents .
The fifth objection is that we could never adequately , reasonably , and fairly enforce such a program .
That is , even if we could establish a reasonable and fair way of determining which people would be inadequate parents , it would be difficult , if not impossible , to enforce the program .
How would one deal with violators and what could we do with babies so conceived ?
There are difficult problems here , no doubt , but they are not insurmountable .
We might not punish parents at all we might just remove the children and put them up for adoption .
However , even if we are presently uncertain about the precise way to establish a just and effective form of enforcement , I do not see why this should undermine my licensing proposal .
If it is important enough to protect children from being maltreated by parents , then surely a reasonable enforcement procedure can be secured .
At least we should assume one can be unless someone shows that it cannot .
AN ANALOGY WITH ADOPTION
So far I have argued that parents should be licensed .
Undoubtedly many readers find this claim extremely radical .
It is revealing to notice , however , that this program is not as radical as it seems .
Our moral and legal systems already recognize that not everyone is capable of rearing children well .
In fact , well - entrenched laws require adoptive parents to be investigated -- in much the same ways and for much the same reasons as in the general licensing program advocated here .
For example , we do not allow just anyone to adopt a child ; nor do we let someone adopt without first estimating the likelihood of the person 's being a good parent .
In fact , the adoptive process is far more rigorous than the general licensing procedures I envision .
Prior to adoption the candidates must first formally apply to adopt a child .
The applicants are then subjected to an exacting home study to determine whether they really want to have children and whether they are capable of caring for and rearing them adequately .
No one is allowed to adopt a child until the administrators can reasonably predict that the person will be an adequate parent .
The results of these procedures are impressive .
Despite the trauma children often face before they are finally adopted , they are five times less likely to be abused than children reared by their biological parents .
( 9 )
Nevertheless we recognize , or should recognize , that these demanding procedures exclude some people who would be adequate parents .
The selection criteria may be inadequate ; the testing procedures may be somewhat unreliable .
We may make mistakes .
Probably there is some intentional abuse of the system .
Adoption procedures intrude directly in the applicants ' lives .
Yet we continue the present adoption policies because we think it better to mistakenly deny some people the opportunity to adopt than to let just anyone adopt .
Once these features of our adoption policies are clearly identified , it becomes quite apparent that there are striking parallels between the general licensing program I have advocated and our present adoption system .
Both programs have the same aim -- protecting children .
Both have the same drawbacks and are subject to the same abuses .
The only obvious dissimilarity is that the adoption requirements are more rigorous than those proposed for the general licensing program .
Consequently , if we think it is so important to protect adopted children , even though people who want to adopt are less likely than biological parents to maltreat their children , then we should likewise afford the same protection to children reared by their biological parents .
I suspect , though , that many people will think the cases are not analogous .
The cases are relevantly different , someone might retort , because biological parents have a natural affection for their children and the strength of this affection makes it unlikely that parents would maltreat their biologically produced children .
Even if it were generally true that parents have special natural affections for their biological offspring , that does not mean that all parents have enough affection to keep them from maltreating their children .
This should be apparent given the number of children abused each year by their biological parents .
Therefore , even if there is generally such a bond , that does not explain why we should not have licensing procedures to protect children of parents who do not have a sufficiently strong bond .
Consequently , if we continue our practice of regulating the adoption of children , and certainly we should , we are rationally compelled to establish a licensing program for all parents .
However , I am not wedded to a strict form of licensing .
It may well be that there are alternative ways of regulating parents which would achieve the desired results -- the protection of children -- without strictly prohibiting nonlicensed people from rearing children .
For example , a system of tax incentives for licensed parents , and protective services scrutiny of nonlicensed parents , might adequately protect children .
If it would , I would endorse the less drastic measure .
My principal concern is to protect children from maltreatment by parents .
I begin by advocating the more strict form of licensing since that is the standard method of regulating hazardous activities .
I have argued that all parents should be licensed by the state .
This licensing program is attractive , not because state intrusion is inherently judicious and efficacious , but simply because it seems to be the best way to prevent children from being reared by incompetent parents .
Nonetheless , even after considering the previous arguments , many people will find the proposal a useless academic exercise , prob ably silly , and possibly even morally perverse .
But why ?
Why do most of us find this proposal unpalatable , particularly when the arguments supporting it are good and the objections to it are philosophically flimsy ?
I suspect the answer is found in a long - held , deeply ingrained attitude toward children , repeatedly reaffirmed in recent court decisions , and present , at least to some degree , in almost all of us .
The belief is that parents own , or at least have natural sovereignty over , their children .
( 10 ) It does not matter precisely how this belief is described , since on both views parents legitimately exercise extensive and virtually unlimited control over their children .
Others can properly interfere with or criticize parental decisions only in unusual and tightly prescribed circumstances -- for example , when parents severely and repeatedly abuse their children .
In all other cases , the parents reign supreme .
This belief is abhorrent and needs to be supplanted with a more child - centered view .
Why ?
Briefly put , this attitude has adverse effects on children and on the adults these children will become .
Parents who hold this view may well maltreat their children .
If these parents happen to treat their children well , it is only because they want to , not because they think their children deserve or have a right to good treatment .
Moreover , this belief is manifestly at odds with the conviction that parents should prepare children for life as adults .
Children subject to parents who perceive children in this way are likely to be adequately prepared for adulthood .
Hence , to prepare children for life as adults and to protect them from maltreatment , this attitude toward children must be dislodged .
As I have argued , licensing is a viable way to protect children .
Furthermore , it would increase the likelihood that more children will be adequately prepared for life as adults than is now true . ( 11 )
NOTES
1 . " When practice of a profession or calling requires special knowledge or skill and intimately affects public health , morals , order or safety , or general welfare , legislature may prescribe reasonable qualifications for persons desiring to pursue such professions or calling and require them to demonstrate possession of such qualifications by examination on subjects with which such profession or calling has to deal as a condition precedent to right to follow that profession or calling . "
50 SE 2nd 735 ( I949 ) .
Also see I99 US 306 , 3I8 ( I905 ) and I23 U8 623 , 66I ( I887 ) .
2 . What counts as a moderately reliable test for these purposes will vary from circumstance to circumstance .
For example , if the activity could cause a relatively small amount of harm , yet regulating that activity would place extensive constraints on people regulated , then any tests should be extremely ac curate .
On the other hand , if the activity could be exceedingly harmful but the constraints on the regulated person are minor , then the test can be considerably less reliable .
3 . The statistics on the incidence of child abuse vary .
Probably the most re cent detailed study ( Saad Nagi , Child Maltreatment in the United States , Columbia University Press , I977 ) suggests that between 400,000 and I,000,000 children are abused or neglected each year .
Other experts claim the incidence is considerably higher .
4. According to the National Committee for the Prevention of Child Abuse , more than 80 percent of incarcerated criminals were , as children , abused by their parents .
In addition , a study in the Journal of the American Medical Association I68 , no .
3 : I755 - I758 , reported that first - degree murderers from middle - class homes and who have " no history of addiction to drugs , alcoholism , organic disease of the brain , or epilepsy " were frequently found to have been subject to " remorseless physical brutality at the hands of the parents . "
5 . " A review of the literature points out that abusive parents were raised in the same style that they have recreated in the pattern of rearing children ....
An individual who was raised by parents who used physical force to train their children and who grew up in a violent household has had as a role model the use of force and violence as a means of family problem solving . "
R. J. Gelles , " Child Abuse as Psychopathology - - a Sociological Critique and Reformulation , " American Journal of Orthopsychiatry 43 , no .
4 ( I973 ) : 6I8 - I9 .
6 . Some people might question if any parents actually believe they should beat their children .
However , that does appear to be the sincere view of many abusing parents .
See , for example , case descriptions in A Silent Tragedy by Peter and Judith DeCourcy ( Sherman Oaks , CA. : Alfred Publishing Co. , I973 ) .
7 . I suppose I might be for licensing only good parents if I knew there were reasonable criteria and some plausible way of deciding if a potential parent satisfied these criteria .
However , since I do n't think we have those criteria or that method , nor can I seriously envision that we will discover those criteria and that method , I have n't seriously entertained the stronger proposal .
8 . The research gathered by Altemeir was reported by Ray Helfer in " Review of the Concepts and a Sampling of the Research Relating to Screening for the Potential to Abuse and / or Neglect One 's Child . "
Helfer 's paper was presented at a workshop sponsored by the National Committee for the Prevention of Child Abuse , 3 - 6 December I978 .
9 . According to a study published by the Child Welfare League of America , at least 5I percent of the adopted children had suffered , prior to adoption , more than minimal emotional deprivation .
See A Follow - up Study of Adoptions : Post Placement Functioning of Adoption Families , Elizabeth A. Lawder et al. , New York I969 .
According to a study by David Gil ( Violence Against Children , Cambridge : Harvard University Press , I970 ) only .4 percent of abused children were abused by adoptive parents .
Since at least 2 percent of the children in the United States are adopted ( Encyclopedia of Social Work , National Association of Social Workers , New York , I977 ) , that means the rate of abuse by biological parents is five time that of adoptive parents .
10 .
We can see this belief in a court case chronicled by DeCourcy and De Courcy in A Silent Tragedy .
The judge ruled that three children , severely and regularly beaten , burned , and cut by their father , should be placed back with their father since he was only " trying to do what is right . "
If the court did not adopt this belief would it even be tempted to so excuse such abusive behavior ?
This attitude also emerges in the all - too - frequent court rulings ( see S. Katz , When Parents Fail , Boston : Beacon Press , 197I ) giving custody of children back to their biological parents even though the parents had abandoned them for years , and even though the children expressed a strong desire to stay with foster parents .
In " The Child , the Law , and the State " ( Children 's Rights : Toward the Liberation of the Child , Leila Berg et al. , New York : Praeger Publishers , I97I ) , Nan Berger persuasively argues that our adoption and foster care laws are comprehensible only if children are regarded as the property of their parents .
11 . For helpful comments and criticisms , I am indebted to Jeffrey Gold , Chris Hackler , James Rachels , and especially to William Aiken , George Graham , and the Editors of the journal .
A somewhat different version of this essay will ap pear in the Proceeding of the Loyola University ( Chicago ) Symposium , Justice for the Child within the Family Context .
Thanks are due to the directors of the symposium for kind permission to publish the essay in Philosophy and Public Affairs .
At the Law Office of Norman L. Bloch , I have been providing individuals and businesses throughout Chicago ’s northern suburbs with dedicated legal representation for over 50 years .
My extensive experience makes me knowledgeable in the areas of estate planning , probate administration , business law and real estate law .
Call 847-892-6265 to discuss your legal concerns in a free initial consultation at my office in downtown Glencoe , Illinois .
Date : From : Jeremy Bem < jeremy1@g ...>
Subject : NaCl / OCaml ( OCaml as a client - side web programming language )
Hello , I 'm pleased to announce the initial release of NaCl / OCaml , a version of the native - code OCaml compiler whose output can be validated as safe to run over the web .
Together with the " Native Client " plug - in under development at Google , this means that OCaml can now be used for client - side web programming !
For more about Native Client , see http://code.google.com/p/nativeclient/.
For NaCl / OCaml , including a ray tracer demo , see http://code.google.com/p/nacl-ocaml/.
Feedback is welcome and appreciated .
Please feel free to email me , report bugs at the project website , or email nacl-ocaml-discuss@googlegroups.com .
Thanks , Jeremy
It 's rained three times as much as usual this winter in Andalusia , and almost every day unemployed amateur ornithologist Javier Caracuel has walked past a disused mining tower in the decaying industrial town of Linares and looked up , expecting the pair of white storks that nest there to have migrated south .
Yet despite the surrounding high noise levels - the tower , some 10 metres high , is jammed between a school and a street clogged with traffic - and Andalusia 's wettest winter in decades , the storks have stayed put .
And they 're not alone .
" There have always been a couple of storks at the top of the church spire down by the railway station , but I 've never seen so many across town , " Mr Caracuel explains , " and there are dozens more in the villages . "
The changes in storks ' behaviour that Mr Caracuel has observed in one near - forgotten mining town in north - eastern Andalusia are far from uncommon .
At a recent high - level congress attended by 200 migration experts , leading Spanish ornithologist Miguel Ferrer estimated that 20 billion birds have changed their migrating habits in the last few decades .
The biggest single identifiable reason behind such a massive behavioural shift , involving 70 per cent of the world 's migrating birds is - surprise , surprise - climate change .
" Long - distance migrators are travelling shorter distances , shorter - distance migrators are becoming sedentary , " says Mr Ferrer , who works for Spain 's Higher Council for Scientific Research ( CSIC ) in the Doñana National Park , one of the key European " stopovers " in bird migration routes .
" That has a knock - on effect on almost everything they do , from breeding habits to feeding habits to their genetic diversity , which in turn affects other organisms in their food chain .
It 's a huge behavioural change , forced on them by rising temperatures . "
" Climate change and environmental change are simultaneously forcing migratory birds to adapt extremely quickly , " says Ian Newton , a Royal Society member and lifelong researcher into the subject .
But if the adaption process is necessarily far faster than the last comparable geophysical phenomenon , the Ice Age , this time round it may not be anywhere near as successful .
" Fossil evidence suggests that in the Ice Age migration patterns changed , but now it 's not such an easy option .
The worldwide landscape is much more fragmented because of human activity .
Put simply , it 's not the same for a bird to try to adapt to the environment in Manhattan as it is in the Maldives . "
Apart from migration changes , the birds ' other option in the face of a fast - heating environment is fast - track evolution .
This time there is evidence they are doing both .
Reduction of wingspan sizes and changes in beak shapes have already been recorded .
In another recent discovery , Francisco Pulido of the Complutense University in Madrid has ascertained that the recent shifts in migratory patterns are not necessarily temporary : rather for some birds , they 're genetic .
" Pulido looked at migratory restlessness in blackcaps and warblers over a 13 year period , " Professor Newton explains .
" Studying a separate sample of birds each year , he found that their restlessness became progressively earlier each season .
The only explanation for such a change is genetics . "
Such changes are likely to become ever more common , as temperatures rise across the planet .
" Average annual temperatures are moving northward at a rate of four kilometres a year , " Mr Ferrer estimates , " so the normal summer temperature in your city 12 months ago is now normal four kilometres further north .
It does n't sound like a lot , but that 's 20 times quicker than temperatures changed in the last Ice Age .
At the same time , because birds are migrating less , one traditional path for genetic development - when they strayed from their migration paths by accident and had to adapt - is being closed off . "
Scientists insist the consequences of rising temperatures have barely begun to scratch the surface of birds ' behavioural patterns .
But changes are becoming increasingly dramatic , with radical population shifts just one known effect .
To use the example of white storks again , as long as six years ago recorded numbers in Spain had almost doubled to 32,000 .
Even in far - flung Tykocin , north - east Poland , they have risen by 20 per cent .
At the same time , wild geese in Doñana , once numbered in the hundreds of thousands , have plunged by 40 per cent .
However , in Lake Gallocanta in Zaragoza , Spain , amateur ornithologist Javier Mañas reports that numbers of wintering cranes have increased six - fold in the past five years , from 3,000 to more than 18,000 .
On the other side of the planet , there have been similar changes in migration patterns , according to a British specialist in Japanese wildlife and author , Mark Brazil .
" We see considerable annual variation now in the presence and absence of wintering birds arriving into Japan . " he says .
" Some people might say to heck with biodiversity , " comments Peter Marra , a research scientist at the Smithsonian Migratory Bird Centre in the USA , " but they 'd be wrong .
Birds are the most sensitive thermometer of environmental change we have , and if up to 20 per cent are going to become extinct , it does n't say to me we 're living in a sustainable way . "
In today 's constantly evolving marketing industry the primary objective of publishing any information is getting your message across to the consumer .
Search engine optimization is primarily done through highly ranking webpages on google or other search engines , which increases traffic to a company 's website .
Today 's industry is not about " one shot " marketing campaigns , but consistently publishing useful and informative content to consumers .
You are looking to grab the readers ' attention , keep them wanting more through their attraction to the content , deliver the message in a way that is most conducive to their lifestyle , and make sure they are experiencing your intended response to the information .
Social media plays a very large role in today 's marketplace and acts as a simple segue between businesses and consumers .
Another key thing to consider is how to effectively use each of these different platforms .
This is where EggZack comes in with 8 various forms of automated marketing and helps our clients reach the end consumer in the 69 + places you can find them online .
For small businesses today it may be harder to maintain all of these online platforms , but there are simple ways to promote your business that are not as time consuming as you think .
The use of social media and online marketing helps businesses achieve their end goal , while also keeping existing customers informed and maintaining a consistent message that represents their brand .
Interested in reading more on this topic ?
check out " Why an SEO should think more like a publisher " from econsultancy.com .
The most traditional places to get married are a religious facility , the government office that issues marriage licenses , a resort , or a home .
I 've been married in each .
Then there are those few people who hold their wedding ceremony at a retail outlet , while business as usual goes on around them .
Some do it for sentimental reasons , some do it to save money , some do it for the publicity , and some just because they got a kick out of it .
1. The Apple Store
Ya Ting Li and Joshua Li met at the Apple store on Fifth Avenue in New York City .
Both Apple fans , they decided that 's where they wanted to get married .
Officiant Henry
Hu shopped for a black turtleneck to wear to the wedding .
Just after midnight on Valentines Day , 2010 about thirty friends witnessed the ceremony at the always - open Apple store .
A quote from Apple founder Steve Jobs was included in the vows .
" You have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future .
You have to trust in something — your gut , destiny , life , karma , whatever .
This approach has never let me down . " 
Apple did not authorize the wedding , but allowed it to proceed .
2. Waffle House
George " Bubba " Mathis and Pamela Christian got married at the Dacula , Georgia Waffle House on Independence Day , 2008 .
After nine years together , they gave up on getting a day off together to tie the knot and just did it at their workplace .
They had been determined to get married on July 4th ( which was their " anniversary , " although they did n't say what milestone they wanted to celebrate ) .
For several years , the bride had to work on the holiday .
The bride actually got the day off at the last minute , but Bubba had to work .
They were married in the parking lot of the diner .
See more pictures in this gallery .
3. White Castle
Jeff and Terry Parks of Indianapolis got married just last week at a local White Castle outlet .
They won the wedding , catered of course , from radio station X103 .
The vows were as unconventional as the setting .
" Dearly beloved we are gathered here today in the presence of the assistant manager and head cook in the hallowedÂ and aroma filled halls of the Shelby Street White Castle .
With this ring do you promise to allow Terri to keep you under her thumb and furthermore vow that Â together and forever you will rock and roll all night and party all day ? " 
This was not the first White Castle wedding .
Kurby and Krystal McDonald were married in the London , Kentucky franchise in 2009 , and Cyndie Nunamaker and Brian Wilson ( and two other couples ) were married at a Columbus , Ohio , restaurant in 2008 .
4. Taco Bell
Paul and Caragh Brooks spent a total of about $ 200 on their wedding , in front of family and friends at a Taco Bell restaurant in Normal , Illinois .
It was where they enjoyed hanging out , and since they were trying to save money on the ceremony , an unconventional location made it all the more memorable .
She was in Australia and he was in Illinois when they met over the internet a year earlier .
5. KFC
Alex Bury and and Jack Norris performed their nuptials at a Kentucky Fried Chicken restaurant in Toronto , despite the facts that they are both vegans !
The 2008 wedding was a political statement , as they were celebrating KFC Canada 's agreement to implement more humane methods of chicken farming .
The groom is an employee of PETA .
The wedding party was served the recently - introduced KFC vegan sandwich .
6. Walmart
Crystal Newsome and Robert Vickrey exchanged vows at the Walmart store in York , Nebraska , last fall .
It only made sense , as Vickrey is the grocery manager and has been a Walmart employee for twelve years .
Newsome has five years of Walmart experience under her belt , and is the deli manager .
The ceremony took place in the lawn and garden department .
Walmart weddings have also occurred in West Sacramento , California , Palm Harbor , Florida , Epping , New Hampshire , and other Walmarts .
7. McDonalds
Trisha Lynn Esteppe and Tyree Henderson of Fairborn , Ohio , considered McDonalds a romantic place to get married .
So they did , in 2006 .
Both Esteppe and Henderson worked at the fast food restaurant where they met three years earlier .
Patrons continued to order food during the ceremony .
McDonalds weddings have also occurred in Long Island , New York , and Scottsdale , Arizona .
See also : Your Wedding : Star Trek or Star Wars ? and 8 Very Different Weddings to Remember
Here is a model of the city of Minas Trith from Lord Of The Rings , built over two years out of matchsticks .
I have not the words .
Have you the words ?
I have not them .
Here , here 's Patrick Acton , the guy who put it all together .
He has n't got many words either .
He 's probably a bit tired .
I would be .
Wow .
420,000 matches , on display at the Matchstick Museum in Gladbrook , Iowa for a year .
Before it is razed to the ground !
So , anyone got a light ?
EDIT – Readers from Reddit and beyond , feel free to browse Bleeding Cool in its entirety .
All sorts of good stuff .
From : Manu Sporny < : Manu Sporny < msporny@digitalbazaar.com
Message - ID : < 4B896220.1080702@digitalbazaar.com >
To : RDFa WG < : RDFa WG < public-rdfa-wg@w3.org
CC : RDFa Community < : RDFa Community < public-rdfa@w3.org
Great news , everyone !
Just to be sure about the new Director ruling on the scope of HTML WG , I checked with the HTML WG Chairs and they confirmed that HTML + RDFa is officially a REC - track deliverable for HTML WG : http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/www-archive/2010Feb/0053.html
This means that , if everything goes according to plan , HTML5 will be able to express semantics using RDFa . >>>
Manu Sporny wrote : >>>
The next item that I think we should assert is : >>> >>>
Since it is in scope , and since there is a RDFa WG committed to >>> continuing work on RDFa , HTML+RDFa should be a deliverable REC of >>>
HTML WG . >>> >>
On 2010 - 2-25 19:58 , Edward O'Connor wrote : >>
I always assumed that it was an HTML WG deliverable because there >> was n't an RDFa WG .
Now that there is , would n't the RDFa WG take it >> over as a deliverable ?
We 've been operating on the basis that the RDFa WG handles the core specification for RDFa ( and updates the XHTML module because there is no longer an XHTML WG ) .
Just as SVG WG defined how to integrate RDFa in SVGTiny and the ODF TC defined how to integrate RDFa in ODF , the HTML WG will define how to integrate RDFa in HTML5 .
The RDFa WG will be giving guidance and support in the form of creating spec language , creating test suites and , in general , taking part in the discussion .
In other words , we should n't be in charge of publishing specs for other languages which are under active development by another Working Group or Technical Committee .
We will , however , be working very closely with SVG WG , ODF TC and HTML WG to ensure that RDFa is defined in each language in a manner that is compliant with the core RDFa specification .
-- manu -- Manu Sporny ( skype : msporny , twitter : manusporny ) President / CEO - Digital Bazaar , Inc. blog : PaySwarming Goes Open Source http://blog.digitalbazaar.com/2010/02/01/bitmunk-payswarming/
Vinalhaven , Maine Shows Us How We Can Help Store Wind Power
If you wish we had more wind energy on the grid , you no doubt have been frustrated by all the Nay Sayers who say ; “ Nah , wind will never work .
And when it does blow in the wee hours of the mornings , nobody has any use for the power .
You ca n’t store wind power . ”
Not so fast .
A very simple low - tech solution is being tested over the next few months on Vinalhaven Island in Maine , that last year installed its own 100 % wind power and then discovered that they needed a way to store the extra power !
Now they are testing a low tech “ distributed ” storage for that extra 3 AM wind power .
Even better , if it works , this very simple wind storage solution is one that WE can ALL help to supply .
And it benefits us , by supplying clean , low - carbon heating .
Image : By Vinalhaven resident Karen Oakes
You ’ve heard of “ distributed ” energy , right .
If we supplied our electricity from solar spread out among all of our rooftops instead of coming from a centralized power station ; that ’s “ distributed ” .
This is a test of distributed storage :
Likewise distributed storage is also spread out among all of us , but instead of being on our roofs , wind power could be stored in boxes in our living rooms .
We can use the “ distributed storage ” of wind power to make something else we need anyway : heating .
Using decades - old technology :
Thermal Electric Storage Heaters store enough electricity , in the form of heat , to warm a home for up to 24 hours by heating up to 1,200 degrees Fahrenheit .
When you want to warm up your house you flip a switch and they start to release slow - release heat stored in very dense ceramic bricks .
These have been around for at least 20 years .
Because they can tap electricity at night at low night time rates , it is the cheapest form of heating .
Why we need storage now
But now that many states have Renewable Energy Standards requiring utilities to add more wind power , that cheap night time coal power is increasingly being displaced by cheap ( or even sometimes actually free ! ) night time wind power .
Excess wind power on the grid at night is such a problem that utilities sometimes have had to shut down wind farms at night because because there ’s been nowhere to send the electricity .
Till now .
What Maine is pioneering this spring
A test starting this week on Vinalhaven Island , Maine could be the future of renewable energy storage for people needing heat in the windy states : “ distributed ” energy storage .
By adding smart technology to the electric heating units , researchers will test smart grid control of Steffes Thermal Electric Storage heaters , turning them on or off from a remote location , based on wind generator output , grid demand , and the spot price of power ( that fluctuates with the demand on the grid ) .
They will replace the oil heaters in six of the Vinalhaven Island residents ’ homes with wind powered electric heaters that can store and safely transform electricity in the form of heat in extremely dense ceramic bricks – and slowly release the heat , on demand , for up to 24 hours .
Each unit stores enough electricity to heat up to 1,200 degrees Fahrenheit
The way that these heaters work is that electricity heats coils that radiate heat to extremely dense adjacent ceramic bricks that store the heat in a supercharged thermal mass .
Once they reach their maximum core temperature , they wo n’t charge anymore .
At that point , the heaters controls wo n’t accept more power from the grid .
To supply 24 hours of warmth on demand :
Now , I know what you ’re thinking :
Of course , no homeowner wants a raging hot house at 3 AM in the wee hours while the wind is howling outside .
That does n’t happen .
Space - age insulation keeps the exterior from heating above 160 degrees F , and enough is stored inside the units to provide 24 hours of gradual warmth on demand .
New use of old technology :
Until recently , nobody has thought to use these specifically as a form of distributed energy storage option for wind power , by adding sensors to detect and absorb excess grid power .
But people are starting to realize that we will need more storage as we add more renewable energy .
Reduces the carbon footprint and helps utilities add more renewable energy
Some states are even passing laws that we must add more storage , now that we need it because we are adding more renewable power .
Well , here ’s a nice warm way we can do just that , and seriously reduce our national carbon footprint to allow for more electric power on the grid and to supply clean energy heating at the same time !
This is one energy efficiency technology that should be included in Cash for Caulkers .
More from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on Twitter
Please follow and like us :
Related
According to the new complaint , in September , Brian Ruoss of Gilbertsville was driving to work at 6 a.m. in the left lane on Route 422 near the Sanatoga interchange when the driver of a silver Buick Lucerne came up behind him and flashed his lights .
The Buick driver then passed Ruoss and cut in front of him .
Ruoss read the tag number to his passenger , who wrote it down .
Note :
In honor of Earth Day today , Denise Sakaki ( a.k.a. Wasabi Prime ) shares tips for growing herbs .
Though a self - proclaimed " reluctant environmentalist , " she promises that starting your own small herb garden is a cinch .
Even the least green thumb - inclined can reap the benefits of having a little pot of chives or parsley sitting around .
— Mgmt .
I look forward to using our paper shredder because I know all those old bills and annoying credit card mailers will be pulverized and thrown in as dry materials for our compost pile in the yard .
I hoard our used coffee grounds and veggie scraps for the same reason , throwing them into this literal steaming pile that , for all its stinky malfeasance , will be om - nom - tastic for our vegetable garden .
Would I consider myself a green thumb - obsessed environmentalist who loves the planet ?
Not really .
All this started from the fact that I 'm just cheap .
Long before I became a crazy compost hobo queen , I had a little windowsill garden of herbs , which was an easy and inexpensive way to be involved in growing one 's own food .
We 've all been there — you 're at the store buying ingredients for a stew or a roast , you need thyme , rosemary , sage and parsley .
But you only need a pinch or a dash of particular herbs , leaving you with enough leftovers of the fresh greens to make the same dish five times over , yet you know they 'll all be spoiled and wilted before you get a chance to make the same meal again .
Curses !
The solution ?
Grow your own herbs and add a little bit of green in daily life , which will ultimately leave a little green in one 's pocket .
Do n't roll your eyes .
Keeping a small herb garden and growing some even from seed is n't difficult .
For the most part , the herbs one uses in almost daily food preparation are ones that are hearty enough for the even the most questionable green thumb .
I should preface this gardening advice with the fact that I live in the Pacific Northwest — the warm summer growing period is short , only a few months , and our winters , while sometimes snowy , is not the icy storms other regions experience .
But with herbs , it 's all good — keeping them in pots keeps them mobile and when the weather is frightful , bring them indoors or under cover where it 's more delightful .
Herb Growing Basics for the No-Muss / No-Fuss Crowd
Parsley and chives are super hearty plants , and these are probably two of the more popular herbs you 'll use on a weekly or daily basis .
They are quite easy ( and cheaper ) to start from seed , and once they get going , you 'll wonder why the heck you ever paid almost two dollars for a single bunch of flat - leaf parsley .
Popular herbs to buy as young plants from nurseries include : thyme , rosemary , sage , and basil .
Warmer climates could easily grow basil from seed ( I 'm not as lucky where I live , so I buy the plants ) .
The thyme , rosemary and sage are heartier and will tend to die back and return in the spring — these are best kept outdoors and then brought under cover when there 's a hard freeze
Growing herbs outdoors does n't require much space ; strawberry pots are great to use as an all - in - one herb garden , as the multiple openings along the sides of the pots are great little areas to put in a bunch of chives or a small bit of thyme .
Put it on a rolling plant stand if you know you 'll need to move it around , as it can get heavy once filled with soil .
Peat pots are awesome .
They 're dried little discs of peat that expand when you soak in water .
You bury a few seeds down the center and keep them moist and in a sunny spot until things sprout .
Once the starts get big enough , the peat pots are easily - transplantable into larger containers .
Be resourceful ; you do n't need special gardening gear to grow stuff .
Save your cardboard paper rolls for DIY compostable starter pots .
Gardening blogger South Sound Garden had some great posts about this method for starting seeds , plus an experiment with using glass baking ware that yielded great results using all things that non-gardeners would have around .
Be inventive and think , " If I were a plant , where would I like to live ? "
I kept the plastic packaging from apples that I bought at a bulk store because the round domes were the perfect mini-greenhouse for peat pots I was using to sprout seeds .
It keeps the starts protected and moist , plus they 're so sturdy , they can be used multiple seasons .
Sure , it seems like a lot of " well , duh " gardening common sense , but that 's because it really is easy , and there 's not a lot of preparation involved .
Just get out there and do it .
Make a little room on the kitchen windowsill and have a little bundle of chives to snip from to freshen up dinner .
No one 's advocating a Green Acres life or getting a pig named Arnold ( unless you really want to ) , but for something simple like fresh herbs , it 's a low - effort , high - reward project .
And who knows , maybe in enough time , you 'll find yourself hording paper shreds and used coffee grounds to feed your vegetable garden .
Related
The Simpsons Go Shopping for Ultra -Vegan Invisible Cheese
A Guide to Keeping City Chickens
Sustainable Wines : Saving the Earth , One Glass at a Time
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
My name is Scott , and last night I ate a KFC Double Down sandwich .
The Double Down , for those of you fortunate enough to be unaware , is a “ sandwich ” consisting of bacon , Monterey Jack cheese , pepper jack cheese , and the Colonel ’s Double Secret Probation Sauce .
However , instead of using bread , they pack all that between two boneless chicken strips .
All our favorite barnyard byproducts — chicken , pig , and cow — together at long last in beautiful , artery - clogging harmony .
They call it a sandwich , but that is a misnomer .
Sandwiches use bread as a substrate .
In fact , the first sentence of Wikipedia ’s Sandwich states , “ A sandwich is a food item consisting of two or more slices of bread with one or more fillings between them . ”
But the Double Down , my friends , is not a sandwich .
It ’s something entirely different , requiring a name that truly expresses the contrivance .
I choose to call it a “ meatheap . ”
The very first time I heard about this meatheap , I honestly thought it was a joke .
Some half - cocked viral marketing scheme cooked up by hip young ad agencies trying to make waves on the interblogoTwitFace .
But then I heard about the test markets in Nebraska and Rhode Island , where people were actually buying and consuming these things .
I knew at that moment — somehow , someday — I would consume a Double Down Sandwich Meatheap .
I ’ve always had something of a penchant for test - driving awful fast food products .
I generally find they manifest themselves as burgers with a few extra iterations of the meat - cheese - bacon loop ( see the Burger King Quad Stacker and the Wendy ’s Triple Baconator for examples of what I ’ve shoveled into my gullet over the years . )
But the Double Down struck me as something more … exotic .
It was fresh and new and exciting and something I MUST HAVE RIGHT NOW .
My chance came this week , when KFC finally rolled the Double Down out nationwide .
Opinions seemed to vary between “ that ’s the most disgusting thing I ’ve ever seen / who would eat something like that ?
/ this is why the rest of the world hates us ” and “ OMG I LOVE THIS THING . ”
I decided not to run out on the first day and buy one , instead waiting a few days to give the staff some time to get used to making them .
It ’s just not a true fast food experience if the food does n’t look like it was haphazardly thrown together by somebody paying little or no attention to what they ’re making .
So last night , having suppressed my craving for this abomination long enough , I began my walk to the KFC at 14th Street and 2nd Avenue .
From across the street , a window ad for the Double Down shone like a beacon , drawing me ever closer .
I almost ran right in front of a cab while absentmindedly jaywalking towards it .
I opened the front door and was greeted by a thick , oddly humid blast of KFC - scented air .
I inhaled deeply , trying to savor the unique aroma of heavily processed meat , undisclosed spices , and harsh sanitizer solution .
The restaurant was n’t very crowded , maybe four tables occupied in total .
Most of the patrons were eating standard KFC fare — corn , biscuits , chicken limbs from a bucket , and so on .
Nobody had a Double Down , though .
A brief burst of panic raced through my mind …
Were people against the meatheap ?
Was I going to stick out like some kind of traitor in the midst of all these low - carb calorie - counting Manhattanites ?
Or worse , was the restaurant out of one of the critical ingredients ?
I had waited too long and traveled too far to be defeated now .
Part II : “ I ’m gonna have to try the Double Down Combo . ”
Pages : 1 2 3 4
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
Weekly insight into the world of drinks with Paul Clarke from the Cocktail Chronicles and Imbibe magazine .
A few years ago , while attending my first Whiskyfest in San Francisco , I sat in on what was billed as a great whisk ( e )y debate between producers of the two dominant schools of the spirit .
There were the malted - barley based whiskies from Scotland , and the corn and rye - based whiskies from Kentucky .
But as I wrote in Sunday 's San Francisco Chronicle , there 's another approach to whisky that 's coming on strong : the spirits being made in Asia , particularly ( but not exclusively ) Japan .
Suntory and its rival , Nikka , are the dominant whisky distillers in Japan , and when they began producing the spirit in the 1920s and ' 30 s — Suntory 's distiller , Masataka Taketsuru , left the company to form Nikka in 1934 — it was essentially a Scottish clone .
That 's been the way Japanese whisky has been viewed for much of its history , somewhat undeservedly .
While Japanese distillers continue to produce the spirit using a base of malted barley , other steps in the production and aging process — ranging from the type of containers used to ferment the " wash , " to the type of wood used in the barrels that hold the maturing liquor — are quite different from the standards being used by Scottish distillers .
The Suntory - produced Yamazaki Single Malt , for example , is fermented in wooden vats rather than stainless steel , and is aged in barrels made from several varieties of wood , including not only used bourbon and sherry casks ( both familiar components in the aging of scotch whisky ) but in barrels made from Japanese mizunara oak , which lends a dry , savory edge to the finished whisky .
Suntory 's whiskies have been sporadically available in the U.S. , but recently Yamazaki has made a concerted effort to expand its reach .
They have a 10 - year - old single malt , comparable in flavor to the softly honeyed Speyside whiskies , that 's available in larger markets .
Their spectacular 18 - year - old single malt is also earning a lot of fans in the whisky world .
And a 12 - year - old Hibiki blended whisky , which incorporates used plum - liqueur barrels in its aging process , entered the American market last year to general acclaim .
Last month the whisky aisle became even more geographically diverse with the appearance of Amrut , a single - malt from Bangalore that comes in fresh from its " Fusion " expression being named one of the world 's best whiskies in Jim Murray 's 2010 Whisky Bible .
Meanwhile , Nikka is watching the U.S. market carefully with ideas of releasing its whisky possibly later this year or in 2011 , and fans of Kavalan , a whisky made in Taiwan , are hoping to debut in the U.S. in the near future , as well .
Have you tried any of these ( or other ) Asian whiskies during your travels ?
Or found a pleasing dram that 's already here in the U.S. ?
Let 's hear your favorites .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Beginners have the highest chance of getting misdirected if they have not started on the right path .
So , choosing the right digital piano and ...
Library Reflection
The last chapter highlighted a very heuristic approach to proving .
In this chapter , we will study an alternative technique , proof by reflection .
We will write , in Gallina , decision procedures with proofs of correctness , and we will appeal to these procedures in writing very short proofs .
Such a proof is checked by running the decision procedure .
The term reflection applies because we will need to translate Gallina propositions into values of inductive types representing syntax , so that Gallina programs may analyze them , and translating such a term back to the original form is called reflecting it .
Proving Evenness
Proving that particular natural number constants are even is certainly something we would rather have happen automatically .
The Ltac - programming techniques that we learned in the last chapter make it easy to implement such a procedure .
The last chapter highlighted a very heuristic approach to proving .
In this chapter , we will study an alternative technique , .
We will write , in Gallina , decision procedures with proofs of correctness , and we will appeal to these procedures in writing very short proofs .
Such a proof is checked by running the decision procedure .
The termapplies because we will need to translate Gallina propositions into values of inductive types representing syntax , so that Gallina programs may analyze them , and translating such a term back to the original form is calledit .
Proving that particular natural number constants are even is certainly something we would rather have happen automatically .
The Ltac - programming techniques that we learned in the last chapter make it easy to implement such a procedure .
Inductive isEven : nat ->
Prop :=
| Even_O : isEven O
| Even_SS : forall n , isEven S ( S
Ltac prove_even := repeat constructor .
Theorem even_256 :
prove_even .
Qed .
Print even_256 .
->:= n -> is Even n ) ) .:= isEven 256 .
even_256 =
Even_SS
( Even_SS
( Even_SS
( Even_SS ... and so on .
This procedure always works ( at least on machines with infinite resources ) , but it has a serious drawback , which we see when we print the proof it generates that 256 is even .
The final proof term has length super - linear in the input value .
Coq 's implicit arguments mechanism is hiding the values given for parameter n Even_SS Superlinear evenness proof terms seem like a shame , since we could write a trivial and trustworthy program to verify evenness of constants .
The proof checker could simply call our program where needed .
It is also unfortunate not to have static typing guarantees that our tactic always behaves appropriately .
Other invocations of similar tactics might fail with dynamic type errors , and we would not know about the bugs behind these errors until we happened to attempt to prove complex enough goals .
The techniques of proof by reflection address both complaints .
We will be able to write proofs like in the example above with constant size overhead beyond the size of the input , and we will do it with verified decision procedures written in Gallina .
For this example , we begin by using a type from the MoreSpecif module ( included in the book source ) to write a certified evenness checker .
... and so on .
This procedure always works ( at least on machines with infinite resources ) , but it has a serious drawback , which we see when we print the proof it generates that 256 is even .
The final proof term has length super - linear in the input value .
Coq 's implicit arguments mechanism is hiding the values given for parameterof , which is why the proof term only appears linear here .
Also , proof terms are represented internally as syntax trees , with opportunity for sharing of node representations , but in this chapter we will measure proof term size as simple textual length or as the number of nodes in the term 's syntax tree , two measures that are approximately equivalent .
Sometimes apparently large proof terms have enough internal sharing that they take up less memory than we expect , but one avoids having to reason about such sharing by ensuring that the size of a sharing - free version of a term is low enough .
Superlinear evenness proof terms seem like a shame , since we could write a trivial and trustworthy program to verify evenness of constants .
The proof checker could simply call our program where needed .
It is also unfortunate not to have static typing guarantees that our tactic always behaves appropriately .
Other invocations of similar tactics might fail with dynamic type errors , and we would not know about the bugs behind these errors until we happened to attempt to prove complex enough goals .
The techniques of proof by reflection address both complaints .
We will be able to write proofs like in the example above with constant size overhead beyond the size of the input , and we will do it with verified decision procedures written in Gallina .
For this example , we begin by using a type from themodule ( included in the book source ) to write a certified evenness checker .
Print partial .
Inductive partial ( P : Prop ) : Set := Proved : Uncertain : [ ) ::= P -> [ P ] | : [ P A partial P P P ] partial P value is an optional proof of .
The notationstands for
Local Open Scope partial_scope .
We bring into scope some notations for the partial type .
These overlap with some of the notations we have seen previously for specification types , so they were placed in a separate scope that needs separate opening .
Definition check_even : forall n : nat , [ isEven n ] .
Hint Constructors isEven .
refine ( fix F ( n : nat ) : [ is Even n ] :=
match n with
| 0 => Yes
| 1 => No
| S ( S n' ) =>
Reduce ( F n' )
end ) ; auto .
Defined .
) ::=| 0 =>| 1 => ) => ) ;
check_even verified decision procedure , because its type guarantees that it never returns
Yes for inputs that are not even .
Now we can use dependent pattern - matching to write a function that performs a surprising feat .
When given a partial P partialOut P partial value contains a proof , and it returns a ( useless ) proof of True otherwise .
From the standpoint of ML and Haskell programming , it seems impossible to write such a type , but it is trivial with a return annotation .
The functionmay be viewed as a , because its type guarantees that it never returnsfor inputs that are not even .
Now we can use dependent pattern - matching to write a function that performs a surprising feat .
When given a , this functionreturns a proof ofif thevalue contains a proof , and it returns a ( useless ) proof ofotherwise .
From the standpoint of ML and Haskell programming , it seems impossible to write such a type , but it is trivial with aannotation .
Definition partialOut ( P : Prop ) ( x : [ P ] ) :=
match x return ( match x with
| Proved _ =>
| Uncertain =>
True
end ) with
| Proved pf => pf
| Uncertain => I
end .
) ( ) :==> P =>=>=>
It may seem strange to define a function like this .
However , it turns out to be very useful in writing a reflective version of our earlier prove_even tactic :
Ltac prove_even_reflective :=
match goal with
| [ |- N ] => exact ( partialOut ( check_even N ) )
end .
:=| [ |- isEven ] => ) )
check_even exact tactic proves a proposition P P We identify which natural number we are considering , and we " prove " its evenness by pulling the proof out of the appropriatecall .
Recall that thetactic proves a propositionwhen given a proof term of precisely type
even_256 ' = partialOut (
: check_even 256 ) isEven 256
We can see a constant wrapper around the object of the proof .
For any even number , this form of proof will suffice .
The size of the proof term is now linear in the number being checked , containing two repetitions of the unary form of that number , one of which is hidden above within the implicit argument to partial
Out
What happens if we try the tactic with an odd number ?
We can see a constant wrapper around the object of the proof .
For any even number , this form of proof will suffice .
The size of the proof term is now linear in the number being checked , containing two repetitions of the unary form of that number , one of which is hidden above within the implicit argument to What happens if we try the tactic with an odd number ?
prove_even_reflective .
User error :
No matching clauses for match goal Thankfully , the tactic fails .
To see more precisely what goes wrong , we can run manually the body of the match .
exact ( partialOut ( check_even 255 ) ) .
Error :
The term " partialOut ( check_even 255 ) " has type " match check_even 255 with | Yes => is Even 255 | No =>
True end " while it is expected to have type " isEven 255 " As usual , the type checker performs no reductions to simplify error messages .
If we reduced the first term ourselves , we would see that check_even 255 reduces to a No , so that the first term is equivalent to True , which certainly does not unify with isEven 255 .
Thankfully , the tactic fails .
To see more precisely what goes wrong , we can run manually the body of the As usual , the type checker performs no reductions to simplify error messages .
If we reduced the first term ourselves , we would see thatreduces to a , so that the first term is equivalent to , which certainly does not unify with
Abort .
prove_even_reflective is reflective because it performs a proof search process ( a trivial one , in this case ) wholly within Gallina , where the only use of Ltac is to translate a goal into an appropriate use of check_even Reifying the Syntax of a Trivial Tautology Language
We might also like to have reflective proofs of trivial tautologies like this one :
Our tacticis reflective because it performs a proof search process ( a trivial one , in this case ) wholly within Gallina , where the only use of Ltac is to translate a goal into an appropriate use of We might also like to have reflective proofs of trivial tautologies like this one :
Theorem True /\ True ) -> ( True \/ ( True /\ ( True -> True ) ) ) .
tauto .
Qed .
Print true_galore .
true_galore : ( ) -> (-> ) .
true_galore =
fun H : True /\
True =>
and_ind ( fun _ _ : True => True /\ ( True -> True ) ) I ) H
: True /\ True ->
True \/ True /\ ( True -> True ) /\=>=> or_introl /\ (->) )/\->\//\ (->
As we might expect , the proof that tauto builds contains explicit applications of natural deduction rules .
For large formulas , this can add a linear amount of proof size overhead , beyond the size of the input .
To write a reflective procedure for this class of goals , we will need to get into the actual " reflection " part of " proof by reflection . "
It is impossible to case - analyze a Prop in any way in Gallina .
We must reify Prop into some type that we can analyze .
This inductive type is a good candidate :
As we might expect , the proof thatbuilds contains explicit applications of natural deduction rules .
For large formulas , this can add a linear amount of proof size overhead , beyond the size of the input .
To write a reflective procedure for this class of goals , we will need to get into the actual " reflection " part of " proof by reflection . "
It is impossible to case - analyze ain any way in Gallina .
We mustinto some type that weanalyze .
This inductive type is a good candidate :
We write a recursive function to reflect this syntax back to Prop .
Such functions are also called interpretation functions , and we have used them in previous examples to give semantics to small programming languages .
Fixpoint tautDenote ( t : Prop :=
match t with
| True
| TautAnd t1 t2 => t1 /\ tautDenote t2
| TautOr t1 t2 => t1 \/ tautDenote t2
| TautImp t1 t2 => t1 -> t2
end .
taut ) ::= TautTrue =>=> tautDenote => tautDenote => tautDenote -> tautDenote
tautDenote
It is easy to prove that every formula in the range ofis true .
Theorem tautTrue : forall t , tautDenote t .
induction t ; crush .
Qed .
tautTrue
To useto prove particular formulas , we need to implement the syntax reification process .
A recursive Ltac function does the job .
Ltac tautReify P :=
match P with
| True => TautTrue
| ? P1 /\ ? P2 =>
let t1 := tautReify P1 in
let t2 := tautReify P2 in
constr :( t1 t2 )
| ? P1 \/ ? P2 =>
let t1 := tautReify P1 in
let t2 := tautReify P2 in
constr :( t1 t2 )
| ? P1 -> ? P2 =>
let t1 := tautReify P1 in
let t2 := tautReify P2 in
constr :( t1 t2 )
end .
:== >| ?=>:=:=:( TautAnd | ?=>:=:=:( TautOr | ?-> ?=>:=:=:( TautImp
tautReify available , it is easy to finish our reflective tactic .
We look at the goal formula , reify it , and apply tautTrue Withavailable , it is easy to finish our reflective tactic .
We look at the goal formula , reify it , and applyto the reified formula .
Ltac obvious :=
match goal with
| [ |- ? P ] =>
let t := tautReify P in
exact ( tautTrue t )
end .
:=| [ |- ? ] =>:=
obvious
We can verify thatsolves our original example , with a proof term that does not mention details of the proof .
Theorem True /\ True ) -> ( True \/ ( True /\ ( True -> True ) ) ) .
obvious .
Qed .
Print true_galore ' .
true_galore ' : ( ) -> (-> ) .
true_galore ' =
tautTrue
( TautImp ( TautAnd TautTrue TautTrue )
( TautOr TautTrue ( TautAnd TautTrue ( TautImp TautTrue
: True /\ True ->
True \/ True /\ ( True -> True ) TautTrue ) ) ) )/\->\//\ (->
It is worth considering how the reflective tactic improves on a pure - Ltac implementation .
The formula reification process is just as ad - hoc as before , so we gain little there .
In general , proofs will be more complicated than formula translation , and the " generic proof rule " that we apply here is on much better formal footing than a recursive Ltac function .
The dependent type of the proof guarantees that it " works " on any input formula .
This benefit is in addition to the proof - size improvement that we have already seen .
It may also be worth pointing out that our previous example of evenness testing used a function partial
Out tautTrue taut A Monoid Expression Simplifier Proof by reflection does not require encoding of all of the syntax in a goal .
We can insert " variables " in our syntax types to allow injection of arbitrary pieces , even if we cannot apply specialized reasoning to them .
In this section , we explore that possibility by writing a tactic for normalizing monoid equations .
It is worth considering how the reflective tactic improves on a pure - Ltac implementation .
The formula reification process is just as ad - hoc as before , so we gain little there .
In general , proofs will be more complicated than formula translation , and the " generic proof rule " that we apply hereon much better formal footing than a recursive Ltac function .
The dependent type of the proof guarantees that it " works " on any input formula .
This benefit is in addition to the proof - size improvement that we have already seen .
It may also be worth pointing out that our previous example of evenness testing used a functionfor sound handling of input goals that the verified decision procedure fails to prove .
Here , we prove that our procedure ( recall that an inductive proof may be viewed as a recursive procedure ) is able to prove any goal representable in , so no extra step is necessary .
Proof by reflection does not require encoding of all of the syntax in a goal .
We can insert " variables " in our syntax types to allow injection of arbitrary pieces , even if we cannot apply specialized reasoning to them .
In this section , we explore that possibility by writing a tactic for normalizing monoid equations .
It is easy to define an expression tree type for monoid expressions .
A Var We add variables and hypotheses characterizing an arbitrary instance of the algebraic structure of monoids .
We have an associative binary operator and an identity element for it .
It is easy to define an expression tree type for monoid expressions .
Aconstructor is a " catch - all " case for subexpressions that we cannot model .
These subexpressions could be actual Gallina variables , or they could just use functions that our tactic is unable to understand .
Next , we write an interpretation function .
We will normalize expressions by flattening them into lists , via associativity , so it is helpful to have a denotation function for lists of monoid values .
Fixpoint mldenote ( ls : list
match ls with
| nil =>
| x :: ls ' => x + mldenote ls '
end .
A ) : A :== > e =>
The flattening function itself is easy to implement .
Fixpoint flatten ( me : list
match me with
| nil
| Var x => x :: nil
| Op me1 me2 => me1 ++ flatten me2
end .
mexp ) : A := Ident =>=>=> flatten
denote
This function has a straightforward correctness proof in terms of ourfunctions .
Lemma flatten_correct ' : forall ml2 ml1 ,
mldenote ml1 + mldenote ml2 = mldenote ( ml1 ++
induction ml1 ; crush .
Qed .
Theorem flatten_correct : forall me , mdenote me = mldenote ( flatten
Hint Resolve flatten_correct ' .
induction me ; crush .
Qed .
ml2 ) . me ) .
Now it is easy to prove a theorem that will be the main tool behind our simplification tactic .
Theorem monoid_reflect : forall me1 me2 ,
mldenote ( flatten me1 ) = mldenote ( flatten me2 )
-> me1 = mdenote me2 .
intros ; repeat rewrite flatten_correct ; assumption .
Qed .
-> mdenote
mexp
We implement reification into thetype .
Ltac reify me :=
match me with
| Ident
| ? me1 + ? me2 =>
let r1 := reify me1 in
let r2 := reify me2 in
constr :( r 1 r2 )
| _ => constr :( me )
end .
:= e =>| ?=>:=:=:( Op =>:(
Var
monoid monoid_reflect mldenote change tactic replaces a conclusion formula with another that is definitionally equal to it .
The finaltactic works on goals that equate two monoid terms .
We reify each and change the goal to refer to the reified versions , finishing off by applyingand simplifying uses of .
Recall that thetactic replaces a conclusion formula with another that is definitionally equal to it .
Ltac monoid :=
match goal with
| [ |- ? me1 = ? me2 ] =>
let r1 := reify me1 in
let r2 := reify me2 in
change ( mdenote r1 = mdenote r 2 ) ;
apply monoid_reflect ; simpl
end .
:=| [ |- ? ] =>:=:= ) ;
We can make short work of theorems like this one :
============================
a + ( b + ( c + ( d e ) ) ) = a + ( b + ( c + ( d e ) ) )
Our tactic has canonicalized both sides of the equality , such that we can finish the proof by reflexivity .
Our tactic has canonicalized both sides of the equality , such that we can finish the proof by reflexivity .
reflexivity .
Qed .
It is interesting to look at the form of the proof .
Print t1 .
t1 =
fun a b c d :
monoid_reflect ( Op ( Op ( Op ( Var
( Op ( Op ( Var Var
( eq_refl (
: forall a b c d : A , a + b + c + d = A => a ) ( Var b ) ) ( Var c ) ) ( Var d ) ) a ) ( Op b ) ( Var c ) ) ) ( Var d ) ) a + ( b + ( c + ( d e ) ) ) ) ) a + ( b c ) + d
The proof term contains only restatements of the equality operands in reified form , followed by a use of reflexivity on the shared canonical form .
The proof term contains only restatements of the equality operands in reified form , followed by a use of reflexivity on the shared canonical form .
End monoid .
ring and field tactics that come packaged with Coq .
A Smarter Tautology Solver
Now we are ready to revisit our earlier tautology solver example .
We want to broaden the scope of the tactic to include formulas whose truth is not syntactically apparent .
We will want to allow injection of arbitrary formulas , like we allowed arbitrary monoid expressions in the last example .
Since we are working in a richer theory , it is important to be able to use equalities between different injected formulas .
For instance , we cannot prove P -> P Imp Var P ) Var P ) P
To arrive at a nice implementation satisfying these criteria , we introduce the quote tactic and its associated library .
Extensions of this basic approach are used in the implementations of theandtactics that come packaged with Coq .
Now we are ready to revisit our earlier tautology solver example .
We want to broaden the scope of the tactic to include formulas whose truth is not syntactically apparent .
We will want to allow injection of arbitrary formulas , like we allowed arbitrary monoid expressions in the last example .
Since we are working in a richer theory , it is important to be able to use equalities between different injected formulas .
For instance , we cannot proveby translating the formula into a value like , because a Gallina function has no way of comparing the twos for equality .
To arrive at a nice implementation satisfying these criteria , we introduce thetactic and its associated library .
index comes from the Quote library and represents a countable variable type .
The rest of formula
The quote tactic will implement injection from Prop into formula quote into not noticing our uses of function types to express logical implication , we will need to declare a wrapper definition for implication , as we did in the last chapter .
The typecomes from thelibrary and represents a countable variable type .
The rest of 's definition should be old hat by now .
Thetactic will implement injection fromintofor us , but it is not quite as smart as we might like .
In particular , it wants to treat function types specially , so it gets confused if function types are part of the structure we want to encode syntactically .
To trickinto not noticing our uses of function types to express logical implication , we will need to declare a wrapper definition for implication , as we did in the last chapter .
Definition imp ( P1 P2 : Prop ) :=
Infix no associativity , at level 95 ) .
) := P1 -> P2 " --> " := imp 95 ) .
Now we can define our denotation function .
Definition varmap Prop .
Fixpoint formulaDenote ( atomics : f : Prop :=
match f with
| Atomic v => varmap_find
False v atomics
| True
| False
| And f1 f2 => atomics f1 /\ formulaDenote atomics f2
| Or f1 f2 => atomics f1 \/ formulaDenote atomics f2
| Imp f1 f2 => atomics f1 --> formulaDenote atomics f2
end .
asgn := asgn ) ( formula ) ::==> Truth => Falsehood =>=> formulaDenote => formulaDenote => formulaDenote
varmap type family implements maps from index values .
In this case , we define an assignment as a map from variables to Prop s. Our interpretation function formulaDenote varmap_find function to consult the assignment in the Atomic varmap_find is a default value , in case the variable is not found .
Thetype family implements maps fromvalues .
In this case , we define an assignment as a map from variables tos .
Our interpretation functionworks with an assignment , and we use thefunction to consult the assignment in thecase .
The first argument tois a default value , in case the variable is not found .
Section my_tauto .
Variable atomics : asgn .
Definition holds ( v : index ) := varmap_find
False v atomics .
) :=
We define some shorthand for a particular variable being true , and now we are ready to define some helpful functions based on the ListSet module of the standard library , which ( unsurprisingly ) presents a view of lists as sets .
Require Import ListSet .
Definition index_eq : forall x y : index , { x = y } + { x <> y } .
decide equality .
Defined .
Definition add ( s : set index ) ( v : index ) := set_add index_eq v s .
Definition In_dec : forall v ( s : set index ) , { In v s } + { ~
In v s } .
Local Open Scope specif_scope .
intro ; refine ( fix F ( s : set index ) : {
In v s } + { ~
In v s } :=
match s with
| nil =>
No
| v' :: s' => v' v || F s '
end ) ; crush .
Defined .
) ( ) := ) , ) ::==>=> index_eq ) ;
We define what it means for all members of an index set to represent true propositions , and we prove some lemmas about this notion .
Fixpoint all True ( s : set index ) : Prop :=
match s with
| nil =>
True
| v :: s' => v /\ all True s '
end .
Theorem all True_add : forall v s ,
all True s
-> v
-> add s
induction s ; crush ;
match goal with
| [ |- context [ if ?
E then _ else _ ] ] => destruct E
end ; crush .
Qed .
Theorem allTrue_In : forall v s ,
all True s
-> set_In v s
-> varmap_find False v atomics .
induction s ; crush .
Qed .
Hint Resolve all True_add allTrue_In .
Local Open Scope partial_scope .
) ::==>=> holds -> holds -> all True v ) .| [ |-] ] =>->->
forward Or
The forward forward f known hyp cont known hyp
Now we can write a functionthat implements deconstruction of hypotheses , expanding a compound formula into a set of sets of atomic formulas covering all possible cases introduced with use of .
To handle consideration of multiple cases , the function takes in a continuation argument , which will be called once for each case .
Thefunction has a dependent type , in the style of Chapter 6 , guaranteeing correctness .
The arguments toare a goal formula , a setof atomic formulas that we may assume are true , a hypothesis formula , and a success continuationthat we call when we have extendedto hold new truths implied by
Definition forward : forall ( f : known : set index ) ( hyp : formula )
( cont : forall known ' , [ all True atomics f ] ) ,
[ all True atomics atomics f ] .
refine ( fix F ( f : known : set index ) ( hyp : formula )
( cont : forall known ' , [ all True atomics f ] )
: [ all True atomics atomics f ] :=
match hyp with
| Atomic v =>
Reduce ( cont ( add known v ) )
| Reduce ( cont known )
| Yes
| And h1 h2 =>
Reduce ( F ( Imp h2 f ) known h1 ( fun known ' =>
Reduce ( F f known ' h2 cont ) ) )
| Or h1 h2 => f known h1 cont && F f known h2 cont
| Imp _ _ =>
Reduce ( cont known )
end ) ; crush .
Defined .
formula ) ( ) ( known ' -> formulaDenote ) , known -> formulaDenote hyp -> formulaDenote formula ) ( ) ( known ' -> formulaDenote known -> formulaDenote hyp -> formulaDenote :==> Truth => Falsehood =>=>=>=> F => ) ;
backward forward function implements analysis of the final goal .
It callsto handle implications .
Definition backward : forall ( known : set index ) ( f :
[ all True atomics f ] .
refine ( fix F ( known : set index ) ( f : formula )
: [ all True atomics f ] :=
match f with
| Atomic v =>
Reduce ( In_dec v known )
| Yes
| No
| And f1 f2 => known f1 && F known f2
| Or f1 f2 => known f1 || F known f2
| Imp f1 f2 => f2 known f1 ( fun known ' => known ' f 2 )
end ) ; crush ; eauto .
Defined .
) ( formula ) , known -> formulaDenote ) ( known -> formulaDenote :==> Truth => Falsehood =>=> F => F => forward => F ) ;
backward A simple wrapper aroundgives us the usual type of a partial decision procedure .
Definition my_tauto : forall f : formula , [ formulaDenote atomics f ] .
intro ; refine ( Reduce ( backward nil f ) ) ; crush .
Defined .
End my_tauto .
) ;
intro all quantifiers that do not bind Prop s .
Then we call the quote tactic , which implements the reification for us .
Finally , we are able to construct an exact proof via partial
Out my_tauto
Our final tactic implementation is now fairly straightforward .
First , weall quantifiers that do not binds .
Then we call thetactic , which implements the reification for us .
Finally , we are able to construct an exact proof viaand the Gallina function .
Ltac my_tauto :=
repeat match goal with
| [ |- forall x : ?
P , _ ] =>
match type of P with
| Prop => fail 1
| _ => intro
end
end ;
quote formulaDenote ;
match goal with
| [ |- m ? f ] => exact ( partialOut ( my_tauto m f ) )
end .
:=| [ |- : ? ] =>=>=>| [ |- formulaDenote ] => ) )
A few examples demonstrate how the tactic works .
Theorem mt1 : True .
my_tauto .
Qed .
Print mt1 .
mt1 = partialOut ( my_tauto ( Empty_vm Prop ) Truth )
: True
We see my_tauto varmap , since every subformula is handled by formulaDenote
We seeapplied with an empty , since every subformula is handled by
Theorem mt2 : forall x y : nat , x = y --> x = y .
my_tauto .
Qed .
Print mt2 .
mt2 =
fun x y :
partialOut
( my_tauto ( Node_vm ( x = Empty_vm Prop ) ( Empty_vm Prop ) )
( Imp ( Atomic End_idx ) ( End_idx ) ) )
: forall x y : nat , x = y nat => y ) ( ) ( ) ) ) ( Atomic ) ) ) y --> x
Crucially , both instances of x = y End_idx .
The value of this index only needs to appear once in the varmap , whose form reveals that varmap s are represented as binary trees , where index values denote paths from tree roots to leaves .
Crucially , both instances ofare represented with the same index , .
The value of this index only needs to appear once in the , whose form reveals thats are represented as binary trees , wherevalues denote paths from tree roots to leaves .
Theorem mt3 : forall x y z ,
( x < y /\ y > z ) \/ ( y > z /\ x < S y )
--> y > z /\ ( x < y \/ x < S y ) .
my_tauto .
Qed .
Print mt3 .
fun x y z :
partialOut
( my_tauto
( Node_vm ( x < S Node_vm ( x < Empty_vm Prop ) ( Empty_vm Prop ) )
( Node_vm ( y > Empty_vm Prop ) ( Empty_vm Prop ) ) )
( Imp
( Or ( And ( Atomic ( Left_idx End_idx ) ) ( Right_idx End_idx ) ) )
( And ( Atomic ( Right_idx End_idx ) ) ( End_idx ) ) )
( And ( Atomic ( Right_idx End_idx ) )
( Or ( Atomic ( Left_idx End_idx ) ) ( End_idx ) ) ) ) )
: forall x y z : nat ,
x < S S y ) nat => y ) ( y ) ( ) ( ) ) z ) ( ) ( ) ) ) ) ) ( Atomic ) ) ) ) ) ( Atomic ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( Atomic ) ) ) ) ) y /\ y z \/ y z /\ x y --> y z /\ ( x y \/ x
Our goal contained three distinct atomic formulas , and we see that a three - element varmap is generated .
It can be interesting to observe differences between the level of repetition in proof terms generated by my_tauto tauto for especially trivial theorems .
Our goal contained three distinct atomic formulas , and we see that a three - elementis generated .
It can be interesting to observe differences between the level of repetition in proof terms generated byandfor especially trivial theorems .
Theorem mt4 : True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ False -->
False .
my_tauto .
Qed .
Print mt4 .
mt4 =
partialOut
( my_tauto ( Empty_vm Prop )
( Imp
( And Truth
( And Truth
( And Truth ( And Truth ( And Truth ( And Truth
: True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ False --> False Falsehood ) ) ) ) ) )
Falsehood ))/\/\/\/\/\/\-->
Theorem mt4 ' : True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ False ->
False .
tauto .
Qed .
Print mt4 ' .
->
mt4 ' =
fun H : True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ False =>
and_ind
( fun ( _ : True ) ( True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ False ) =>
and_ind
( fun ( _ : True ) ( True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ False ) =>
and_ind
( fun ( _ : True ) ( H5 : True /\ True /\ True /\ False ) =>
and_ind
( fun ( _ : True ) ( H7 : True /\ True /\ False ) =>
and_ind
( fun ( _ : True ) ( H9 : True /\ False ) =>
and_ind ( fun ( _ : True ) ( H11 : False ) => False_ind False H11 )
H9 ) H7 ) H5 ) H3 ) H1 ) H
: True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ True /\ False ->
False
/\/\/\/\/\/\= >)
( H1 /\/\/\/\/\) =>) ( H3 /\/\/\/\) = >) ( /\/\/\) => ) ( /\/\ ) => ) ( /\ ) =>) ()
=>/\/\/\/\/\/\->
The traditional tauto tactic introduces a quadratic blow - up in the size of the proof term , whereas proofs produced by my_tauto Manual Reification of Terms with Variables
The traditionaltactic introduces a quadratic blow - up in the size of the proof term , whereas proofs produced byalways have linear size .
quote tactic above may seem like magic .
Somehow it performs equality comparison between subterms of arbitrary types , so that these subterms may be represented with the same reified variable .
While quote is implemented in OCaml , we can code the reification process completely in Ltac , as well .
To make our job simpler , we will represent variables as nat Step one of the process is to crawl over a term , building a duplicate - free list of all values that appear in positions we will encode as variables .
A useful helper function adds an element to a list , preventing duplicates .
Note how we use Ltac pattern matching to implement an equality test on Gallina terms ; this is simple syntactic equality , not even the richer definitional equality .
We also represent lists as nested tuples , to allow different list elements to have different Gallina types .
The action of thetactic above may seem like magic .
Somehow it performs equality comparison between subterms of arbitrary types , so that these subterms may be represented with the same reified variable .
Whileis implemented in OCaml , we can code the reification process completely in Ltac , as well .
To make our job simpler , we will represent variables ass , indexing into a simple list of variable values that may be referenced .
Step one of the process is to crawl over a term , building a duplicate - free list of all values that appear in positions we will encode as variables .
A useful helper function adds an element to a list , preventing duplicates .
Note how we use Ltac pattern matching to implement an equality test on Gallina terms ; this is simple syntactic equality , not even the richer definitional equality .
We also represent lists as nested tuples , to allow different list elements to have different Gallina types .
Ltac inList x xs :=
match xs with
| tt => false
| ( x , _ ) => true
| ( _ , ? xs ' ) => inList x xs '
end .
Ltac addToList x xs :=
let b := inList x xs in
match b with
| true => xs
| false => constr : ( x , xs )
end .
Now we can write our recursive function to calculate the list of variable values we will want to use to represent a term .
Ltac all Vars xs e :=
match e with
| True => xs
| False => xs
| ? e1 /\ ? e 2 =>
let xs := all Vars xs e1 in
allVars xs e2
| ? e1 \/ ? e 2 =>
let xs := all Vars xs e1 in
allVars xs e2
| ? e1 -> ? e 2 =>
let xs := all Vars xs e1 in
allVars xs e2
| _ => addToList e xs
end .
We will also need a way to map a value to its position in a list .
Ltac lookup x xs :=
match xs with
| ( x , _ ) =>
O
| ( _ , ? xs ' ) =>
let n := lookup x xs ' in
constr :( S n )
end .
formula index is replaced by nat
The next building block is a procedure for reifying a term , given a list of all allowed variable values .
We are free to make this procedure partial , where tactic failure may be triggered upon attempting to reify a term containing subterms not included in the list of variables .
The type of the output term is a copy ofwhereis replaced by , in the type of the constructor for atomic formulas .
Note that , when we write our own Ltac procedure , we can work directly with the normal -> operator , rather than needing to introduce a wrapper for it .
Ltac reifyTerm xs e :=
match e with
| True => constr : Truth '
| False => constr : Falsehood '
| ? e1 /\ ? e 2 =>
let p1 := reifyTerm xs e1 in
let p2 := reifyTerm xs e2 in
constr :( p1 p2 )
| ? e1 \/ ? e 2 =>
let p1 := reifyTerm xs e1 in
let p2 := reifyTerm xs e2 in
constr :( p1 p2 )
| ? e1 -> ? e 2 =>
let p1 := reifyTerm xs e1 in
let p2 := reifyTerm xs e2 in
constr :( p1 p2 )
| _ =>
let n := lookup e xs in
constr :( n )
end .
:==>=>| ?=>:=:=:( And ' | ?=>:=:=:( Or ' | ?-> ?=>:=:=:( Imp ' =>:=:( Atomic '
Finally , we bring all the pieces together .
Ltac reify :=
match goal with
| [ |- ? G ] => let xs := all Vars tt G in
let p := reifyTerm xs G in
pose p
end .
A quick test verifies that we are doing reification correctly .
Theorem mt3 ' : forall x y z ,
( x < y /\ y > z ) \/ ( y > z /\ x < S y )
-> > z /\ ( x < y \/ x < S y ) .
do 3 intro ; reify .
-> y
Abort .
More work would be needed to complete the reflective tactic , as we must connect our new syntax type with the real meanings of formulas , but the details are the same as in our prior implementation with quote .
Building a Reification Tactic that Recurses Under Binders
All of our examples so far have stayed away from reifying the syntax of terms that use such features as quantifiers and fun function abstractions .
Such cases are complicated by the fact that different subterms may be allowed to reference different sets of free variables .
Some cleverness is needed to clear this hurdle , but a few simple patterns will suffice .
Consider this example of a simple dependently typed term language , where a function abstraction body is represented conveniently with a Coq function .
All of our examples so far have stayed away from reifying the syntax of terms that use such features as quantifiers andfunction abstractions .
Such cases are complicated by the fact that different subterms may be allowed to reference different sets of free variables .
Some cleverness is needed to clear this hurdle , but a few simple patterns will suffice .
Consider this example of a simple dependently typed term language , where a function abstraction body is represented conveniently with a Coq function .
Inductive type : Type :=
| Nat : type
| NatFunc : type -> type .
Inductive term : type ->
Type :=
| Const : nat ->
Nat
| Plus : term Nat
| Abs : forall t , ( nat -> NatFunc
Fixpoint typeDenote ( t : type ) : Type :=
match t with
| nat
| NatFunc t => nat -> t
end .
Fixpoint termDenote t ( e : term
match e with
| Const n => n
| Plus e1 e2 => e1 + termDenote e2
| Abs _ e1 => fun x => e1 x )
end .
:=->->:=-> term Nat -> term Nat -> term , (-> term t ) -> term t ) . ) ::=
Nat =>=>-> typeDenote t ) : typeDenote t :==>=> termDenote =>=> termDenote
Here is a naive first attempt at a reification tactic .
Ltac refl ' e :=
match e with
| ? E1 + ? E2 =>
let r1 := refl ' E1 in
let r2 := refl ' E2 in
constr :( r 1 r2 )
| fun x : nat => ?
E1 =>
let r1 := refl ' E1 in
constr :( fun x => r1
| _ => constr :( e )
end .
:=| ?=>:=:=:( Plus => ?=>:=:( Abs => x ) ) = >:(
Const
?
X only matches terms that do not mention new variables introduced within the pattern .
In our naive implementation , the case for matching function abstractions matches the function body in a way that prevents it from mentioning the function argument !
Our code above plays fast and loose with the function body in a way that leads to independent problems , but we could change the code so that it indeed handles function abstractions that ignore their arguments .
To handle functions in general , we will use the pattern variable form @?
X , which allows X to mention newly introduced variables that are declared explicitly .
A use of @ ?
X must be followed by a list of the local variables that may be mentioned .
The variable X then comes to stand for a Gallina function over the values of those variables .
For instance : Recall that a regular Ltac pattern variableonly matches terms that .
In our naive implementation , the case for matching function abstractions matches the function body in a way that prevents it from mentioning the function argument !
Our code above plays fast and loose with the function body in a way that leads to independent problems , but we could change the code so that it indeed handles function abstractions that ignore their arguments .
To handle functions in general , we will use the pattern variable form , which allowsto mention newly introduced variables that are declared explicitly .
A use ofmust be followed by a list of the local variables that may be mentioned .
The variablethen comes to stand for a Gallina function over the values of those variables .
For instance :
Reset refl ' .
Ltac refl ' e :=
match e with
| ? E1 + ? E2 =>
let r1 := refl ' E1 in
let r2 := refl ' E2 in
constr :( r 1 r2 )
| fun x : nat => @?
E1
let r1 := refl ' E1 in
constr :( r 1 )
| _ => constr :( e )
end .
:=| ?=>:=:=:( Plus => @? x =>:=:( Abs =>:(
Const
E1 as a function from an x refl ' as a function over the values of variables introduced during recursion .
Now , in the abstraction case , we bindas a function from anvalue to the value of the abstraction body .
Unfortunately , our recursive call there is not destined for success .
It will match the same abstraction pattern and trigger another recursive call , and so on through infinite recursion .
One last refactoring yields a working procedure .
The key idea is to consider every input toas
Reset refl ' .
Ltac refl ' e :=
match eval simpl in e with
| fun x : ?
T => @? E1 x + @?
E2
let r1 := refl ' E1 in
let r2 := refl ' E2 in
constr :( fun x => r1 r2
| fun ( x : ?
T ) ( y : nat ) => @?
E1 x
let r1 := refl ' ( fun p : T * nat => E1 ( fst snd in
constr :( fun x => fun y => r1 ( x , y ) ) )
| _ => constr :( fun x =>
e
end .
:= : ?=> @?@? x =>:=:=:(=> Plus x ) ( x ) ) : ? ) ( ) => @? y =>:==> p ) ( p ) ) :(=> Abs => ) ) =>:(=> Const x ) )
@? X patterns .
The abstraction case introduces a new variable by extending the type used to represent the free variables .
In particular , the argument to refl ' used type T T * nat simpl reduction on the function argument , in the first line of the body of refl ' .
Now one more tactic provides an example of how to apply reification .
Let us consider goals that are equalities between terms that can be reified .
We want to change such goals into equalities between appropriate calls to termDenote Note how now even the addition case works in terms of functions , withpatterns .
The abstraction case introduces a new variable by extending the type used to represent the free variables .
In particular , the argument toused typeto represent all free variables .
We extend the type tofor the type representing free variable values within the abstraction body .
A bit of bookkeeping with pairs and their projections produces an appropriate version of the abstraction body to pass in a recursive call .
To ensure that all this repackaging of terms does not interfere with pattern matching , we add an extrareduction on the function argument , in the first line of the body ofNow one more tactic provides an example of how to apply reification .
Let us consider goals that are equalities between terms that can be reified .
We want to change such goals into equalities between appropriate calls to
Ltac refl :=
match goal with
| [ |- ?
E1 = ? E2 ] =>
let E1 ' := refl ' ( fun _ : unit => E1 ) in
let E2 ' := refl ' ( fun _ : unit => E2 ) in
change ( termDenote ( E1 ' tt ) = termDenote ( E2 ' tt ) ) ;
cbv beta iota delta [ fst snd ]
end .
Goal ( fun ( x y : nat ) => + y + 13 ) = ( fun ( _ z : nat ) => ) .
refl .
:=| [ |- ? ] =>:==>:== > ) ) ; ) => x 13 ) => z
Abort .
Or : The McDonald 's Angus vs. Burger King 's XT , for the Heavyweight Championship of the World !
Okay , so it was n't a Tyson fight .
But it my head , it sure felt like one .
As if the phenom himself were going to challenge Holyfield in a special ring in Boston 's City - Center brickyard .
This would be a fast - food showdown for the ages .
After my first fast - food foray , the Mac Snack Wrap , Serious Eats asked me to compare Burger King 's new XT sandwich and McDonald 's Angus Burger .
I was ecstatic about a second chance to review products from two of our nation 's iconic chains .
( Yes , products ; I think that 's the appropriate term . )
There was one problem with the showdown , though .
How do you taste a freshly , um , manufactured Burger King burger next to a McDonald 's Angus and not have the contest be biased towards the home restaurant ?
Solution : home and away games , Champion 's League - style .
For those of you that do n't follow European Soccer , Champion 's League is a multi-national pan-European competition between the best teams from each national league in Europe ; they play in an elimination tournament , but each leg of the tournament has a home match and an away match .
In my mind , the two would have to face off against each other twice in order to make a fair comparison .
Round One : Burger King Home Match
Buying the Angus was an experience in and of itself — after I ordered the Mushroom and Swiss , the guy behind me , wearing a sweatshirt decorated with parrots made of sequins , haggled over the price of a 4 - piece McNuggets .
Auspicious start .
I threw the Mickey D's bag under my coat , and hustled to Burger King .
Sadly , the first location I stopped by was already closed ; the dejection lasted only a moment , though , as I remembered that this was America , damn it .
After pulling out my iPhone , plugging in the zip code , I found a Burger King only 400 yards from where I was standing .
( God bless the USA . )
As I walked into the King , a homeless guy , seeing my McDonald 's bag , asked me if I had a sandwich to spare .
I was caught ; how could I not share ?
So I told the guy I 'd help him out .
He sat at a table and waited while I ordered an A1 XT Steakhouse burger with fries and a Dr. Pepper .
I settled down with my new friend , and much to the surprise of everyone in the BK , took out all of my food and camera .
" Why do you have that camera ? " the homeless guy asked me .
" I 'm a writer , " I responded , handing him half of each burger .
As he walked away , food in hand , he turned back and asked me , " Can I get some fries ? "
The Angus burger from McDonald 's was n't terrible , as fast food meat goes ; the meat was no worse than a college barbecue with cheap frozen patties .
The bun was the better of the two , and the cheese was solid .
But I did n't really taste the mushrooms , as there were n't that many ; and to make matters worse , the mayo really dominated the flavor .
I did n't feel like I had a Mushroom and Swiss burger , so much as a MayoBurger .
The A1 XT was better - balanced .
The meat was comparable to the Angus burger from McDonald 's ; in its way , it was a bit warmer and juicier , meatier than the normal burgers .
The lettuce and tomato were tasteless and pink , sadly — but A1 steak sauce really pulled it all together , giving the whole bite a nice tang .
If you can't deal with an excess of smoke flavor , it 's not the burger for you .
However , the total package was marginally better than the Angus .
Round 1 : BK , winner at home .
Round 2 : McDonald 's Home Match
Round 2 occurred off of Route 28 in Stoneham , Massachusetts .
( The Showdown in Stoneham , if you will . )
I stopped by Burger King for a drive - thru experience , and this time I tried the Smoky Cheddar XT I waited a long time at the window for my order , and they apologized profusely : " They 're fresh broiling the burger . "
Hey , in the interest of freshness , I 'd wait .
I drove around the corner for an Angus Bacon and Cheese at McDonald's .
Even at 9:20 p.m. on a Wednesday , there was a line at the drive - thru .
I was n't expecting much out of the McDonald 's Angus burger after the let - down of the Mushroom and Swiss , so I treated myself to a Shamrock Shake ( a great call ) .
I bit into the Bacon and Cheese Angus first — not much of an improvement over the Mushroom and Swiss .
The meat was bland , but that 's no news ; the cheese had the consistency of plastic , and the red onion , while crisp , was overpowering .
I could n't taste much else .
Next up : the Smoky Cheddar XT ..
The bun , meat , and veggies were the same as the A1 , but the melted cheese , bacon , and sauce combo was far superior .
The meat stayed smoky - juicy , even 10 minutes after pickup , and was also a little burnt , giving it a slight backyard - burger taste .
It tasted not unlike a regular hamburger ( though one that 's super - smoky ) .
It almost took me back to a restaurant my family used to go to , Max and Erma's , and their BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger .
It certainly was n't better than Max and Erma's , but for Burger King it surprised the hell out of me .
The Winner
Both burgers show an improvement over their respective chains ' regular burger lines — but in this head - to - head taste - off , I 'd call Burger King 's XT the winner .
Winner at home , and clear winner on the road .
But like in soccer , the match winner might not have the coolest play of the game , or the sickest goal ; in this competition , having the Shamrock Shake sign on with the team in the middle of the competition made for a very memorable showdown .
Style points to Mickey D's for the Shamrock .
Now , if only I could get one with a McRib ...
Related
Reality Check : McDonald 's Angus Third Pounder
Reality Check : Burger King's A.1. Steakhouse XT
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
The white - black ideological split has been a constant in American politics for decades .
In the series of election year polls conducted by the American National Election Survey ( ANES , a Stanford - University of Michigan polling collaboration ) , blacks have consistently sided with the view that “ government in Washington should see to it that every person has a job and a good standard of living ” by much higher margins than whites — sometimes by more than 2 to 1 .
Conversely , ANES reports that many more whites than blacks agree that “ government should provide fewer services , even in areas such as health and education , in order to reduce spending . ”
These general findings suggest the possibility that the political strength of voters whose convictions are perhaps best described as Social Democratic in the European sense is reaching a significant level in the United States .
With effective organization and mobilization , such voters are positioned to set the agenda in the Democratic Party in the near future .
At the same time , the share of the electorate made up of the demographic group most strongly committed to a political agenda relatively favorable to the material interests of the “ haves ” is declining .
The U.S. Census predicts that by 2050 , non-Hispanic whites will no longer be in the majority .
Teixeira , in a report for the liberal Center for American Progress , predicts that by 2016 “ it is likely that the United States will no longer be a majority white Christian nation . ”
The potential or even incipient shift in the balance of power from “ haves ” to “ have - nots ” is not purely demographic .
The shift stems from a combination of economic developments , especially the army of long - term unemployed and stagnant incomes at the bottom of the socioeconomic ladder .
Just as the number of the unemployed with bleak prospects has been growing , so too has been the number of those without health insurance .
From 1987 to 2008 , the percentage of people without coverage grew from 12.9 to 15.4 percent ; and , in hard figures , from 31.03 million to 46.34 million .
This is a constituency desperately in need of help , and the only source of help for many , if not most , is the government .
* * *
While the uninsured have been increasing absolutely and as a percentage of the total population , so too has been the percentage of the population receiving government - financed medical coverage from Medicare or Medicaid .
These two programs covered 21 percent of the population in 1987 , and 28.4 percent of the population in 2008 .
According to the Federal Bureau of Economic Analysis ( BEA ) , the share of total personal income in the United States that comes from government transfer programs – Social Security , Medicare , veterans ’ benefits , unemployment compensation , etc. – has grown rapidly over the past six decades , from 5.9 cents of every dollar in 1950 , to 8.5 cents in 1970 , to 11.8 cents in 1990 , 12.5 cents in 2000 , to 17.3 cents in 2009 .
In addition , according to BEA , another 9.8 cents of every dollar went , in 2009 , to salaries for state , local and federal government employees , a figure that does not include costs of fringe benefits .
In other words , more than a quarter of all personal income in the United States is paid for with tax dollars .
你有關於時尚時裝的問題嗎？
只要你問，我們就答 ！
時尚或時裝的確不是一件容易的事情。當然，我們都是一般的人，沒有受過時裝設計的訓練，所以總有一些時尚的東西是不明白的。但我們都要穿衣服啊！所以即使我們不是設計師，也和時尚脫不了關係，即使你每天只是穿著牛褲和Tee恤，但牛仔褲和T-shirt設計的穿搭已是一大學問了。如果配搭得不好的話，看起來更可能會顯得不倫不類。
而我們這個百問答的網站，就是希望能幫助你更了解如何穿得好看，我們不會研究一些很艱深的潮流服飾設計貨題。相反的，我們都會從用家的角度出發，去解答大家對時尚的問題。所以即使大家真的是每天都是只穿牛仔褲和Tee恤，我們也可以助你穿搭得更好看更潮流。
除了實際的穿搭外，我們也可以聊一下不同品牌的特色，我們可以聊貴價的品牌，也可以聊廉價的品牌。我們也可以研究一下利用不同品牌搭配後的穿搭。而另外要說的就是時尚花錢的問題了。說實說，要穿得潮流好看不一定要花大錢，只要懂得配搭，就可以穿得時尚，所以我們也一起聊聊錢的問題吧！
如果大家有甚麼時尚的問題，可以發訊息給我們，我們會盡量在這個網站解答，這樣就可以使更多朋友了解時尚這件事了。
The big news story of the day , it seems , is that Twitter is acquiring Tweetie .
You know , the popular ( arguably the most popular ) Twitter iPhone application ?
Yes , that Tweetie .
The $ 2.99 app is going to be free from now on , and it will be renamed “ Twitter for iPhone . ”
This stems from newbie users ’ frustration and confusion when they search for an official “ Twitter ” app , only to find a mess of clients with unfamiliar names .
We ’re thrilled to announce that we ’ve entered into an agreement with Atebits ( aka Loren Brichter ) to acquire Tweetie , a leading iPhone Twitter client .
Tweetie will be renamed Twitter for iPhone and made free ( currently $ 2.99 ) in the iTunes AppStore in the coming weeks .
Loren will become a key member of our mobile team that is already having huge impact with device makers and service providers around the world .
Loren ’s work won the 2009 Apple Design Award and we will eventually launch Twitter for iPad with his help .
So we can look forward to an iPad version of Tweetie , and possibly more frequent updates since Loren Brichter is joining Twitter ’s mobile team .
One burning question has plagued exiting Tweetie users in the hours after the announcement : what will become of Tweetie for Mac ?
Good news , a beta of version 2 is sill on the way , according to an Atebits posting on the MacHeist forum .
( Loren had previously promised buyers of the recent MacHeist bundle early beta access . )
The Federal Government will raise taxes on cigarettes by an extra 25 per cent , Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has confirmed .
The hefty hike , which takes effect from midnight tonight , will put another $ 2.16 on a pack of 30 cigarettes .
Tobacco retailers have reacted angrily to news of the sudden tax hike .
Mr Rudd has also announced the Government will crack down on internet advertising of cigarettes and will spend $ 27.8 million on an anti-smoking campaign .
The announcement comes as the Government also moves to force tobacco companies to put cigarettes in plain packaging .
The increase will raise an extra $ 5 billion over four years , which the Government will put towards its health and hospitals overhaul .
Mr Rudd says he makes no apologies for the new anti-smoking plan .
" This is a tough decision for the Government .
It wo n't win the Government any popularity , " he said .
" The big tobacco companies will hate what we are doing . "
Health Minister Nicola Roxon says the tax increase will encourage about 2 to 3 per cent of smokers , or 87 000 people , to stop .
" We encourage the community to think again about whether now is the time to quit , " she said .
Australia would be the first country in the world to force cigarette companies to use plain packaging .
From 2012 , companies will only be allowed to print their brand name in a standard style and graphic health warnings will remain on the packets .
The tax hike and the plain packaging were recommendations of the Preventative Health Taskforce , which handed down its findings last September .
Mr Rudd unveiled the plan today as the Government sought to keep the political debate on health in the wake of its move to delay the introduction of an emissions trading scheme .
It also comes ahead of the release this Sunday of the Henry tax review .
The Opposition is keeping its options open on whether it will support plain packaging , but has criticised Mr Rudd for trying to create a political distraction .
Opposition Leader Tony Abbott says the Government is making a tax grab .
" In fact it 's a panic tax put in place by a Government whose spending is absolutely out of control , " he said .
" The Rudd Government is addicted to spending in the same way that some people are sadly addicted to nicotine . "
The Greens , Family First and Independent Senator Nick Xenophon have all voiced support for plain packaging .
Senator Xenophon says a excise rise was inevitable .
" I guess my message , my free PR advice to the tobacco industry is if big tobacco thinks they 're unpopular now , just wait till the public backlash if they decide to take this on in the courts , " he said .
But Family First Senator Steve Fielding may not back the excise hike unless more money is put into anti-smoking measures .
" It 's outrageous to think that they can slug the community more in tax and not give it back in the area it 's needed which is in the tobacco toll , " he said .
The tobacco industry has already warned it may challenge the plain packaging requirement in court .
Tim Wilson from the Institute of Public Affairs says taxpayers may have to fork out more than $ 3 billion a year in compensation to tobacco companies .
" Stripping intellectual property from products is akin to stripping someone of their physical property , and requires compensation , " he said .
But Mr Rudd says the Government will not be forking out any compensation .
" We the Government will not be intimidated by any tobacco company , " he said .
" Tobacco companies are going to die in the ditch opposing this sort of packaging . "
Concerns have also been raised that the plain packaging will make it easier to import illegal tobacco .
NP - Problem
A problem is assigned to the NP ( nondeterministic polynomial time ) class if it is solvable in polynomial time by a nondeterministic Turing machine .
A P- problem ( whose solution time is bounded by a polynomial ) is always also NP .
If a problem is known to be NP , and a solution to the problem is somehow known , then demonstrating the correctness of the solution can always be reduced to a single P ( polynomial time ) verification .
If P and NP are not equivalent , then the solution of NP - problems requires ( in the worst case ) an exhaustive search .
Linear programming , long known to be NP and thought not to be P , was shown to be P by L. Khachian in 1979 .
It is an important unsolved problem to determine if all apparently NP problems are actually P .
A problem is said to be NP - hard if an algorithm for solving it can be translated into one for solving any other NP - problem .
It is much easier to show that a problem is NP than to show that it is NP - hard .
A problem which is both NP and NP - hard is called an NP - complete problem .
Is this the iPhone 4G ( or iPhone HD ) ?
There 's no way to tell for sure , but these photos which made their way into our hands certainly do a convincing job of making us think that 's very much the case .
Apparently the phone was found on the floor of a San Jose bar inside of an iPhone 3G case .
Right now we do n't have a ton of info on the device in question , but we can tell you that it apparently has a front facing camera (! ) , 80 GB of storage ( weird , right ? ) , and is n't booting at this point ( though it was previously , and running an OS that was decidedly new ) .
It 's not clear if this is definitely a production model , or just a prototype that found its way into the world , but it 's certainly a compelling design , no matter how you look at it .
There may be a chance to get some more face - time with the handset , but we wanted to get these photos to you guys ASAP .
Stay tuned , we 're working on more details as we type -- for now , enjoy the gallery below !
As a number of observant commenters and tipsters pointed out , this looks almost exactly like a Twitpic posted by TUDream on February 20th , which we 're throwing after the break if for whatever reason the source link goes down .
It 's low - res , shows an indiscriminate bit of the inside , and some mysterious button / possible SIM slot in the middle of the other side .
The mic holes on this pic seems to be larger , too .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Protesters in Athens clashed with police as a group tried to force its way into the Greek finance ministry .
Police fired tear gas to disperse the crowd as the unrest flared over austerity measures that may be taken in return for a massive bailout deal .
The European Union ( EU ) has said it is close to approving the details of an emergency plan to help tackle Greece crippling debt .
EU commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso said " rapid progress " was being made .
Deal deadline " I 'm confident that the talks will be concluded soon , meaning in the next days , " Mr Barroso told a news conference following the clashes .
" We believe that these solutions will be conducive to our actions and will prevent further possible effects of the contagion . "
Officials from the EU , the International Monetary Fund , and European Central Bank are in Athens to negotiate the bailout .
The Greek government says it needs a deal by 19 May to avoid a devastating debt default .
ANALYSIS Malcolm Brabant , BBC News correspondent in Athens On Planet Greece , some civil servants get a bonus for turning up to work on time .
Foresters get a bonus for working outdoors .
At least they show up .
There are civil servants called ghost workers , because they never go into the office , head to a second job and still claim a state salary .
They can't get sacked , because a civil service post is for life .
Unless the incumbent decides to retire in his or her forties , WITH a pension .
And the government can continuing paying for the afterlife .
Unmarried and divorced daughters of civil servants are entitled to collect their dead parents ' pensions .
Another lucrative sinecure is to belong to a state committee .
The government has no idea how many there are .
It 's been estimated that they have 10,000 employees and cost nearly £ 200 m a year , and that includes the committee to manage a lake that dried up 80 years ago .
Ex -Greek ministers urge eurozone action Police fired tear gas at hundreds of demonstrators , after some tried to break through a police cordon guarding the Greek finance ministry .
The outbreaks came after Greece began talks over extra budget cuts as conditions for the bailout loans .
These cuts would be in addition to an already mooted austerity drive aimed at reducing the nation 's public deficit , which is more than four times bigger than the EU limit .
Union officials say the IMF wants
Athens to raise sales taxes , scrap bonuses amounting to two extra months of pay in the public sector and accept a three - year pay freeze .
The union officials also claim that by next year , the IMF and the EU want Greece to shed 10 percentage points from the public deficit that reached 13.6 % of output in 2009 .
In addition , they say Athens has been asked to get rid of 13th and 14th month bonuses for public sector workers and pensioners .
It was also reported in the Financial Times in London on Friday that another measure would include raising the retirement age from an average of 53 to 67 .
" Have you understood that these measures that are being recommended to you are measures of destruction ? " the head of the Left Coalition Syriza , a small left - wing party , Alexis Tsipras , told Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou and fellow lawmakers .
" There is no other choice , ask for the verdict of the Greek people , call a referendum , " he added .
We are holding tough negotiations to protect what we can for the weak and the middle class in our country
Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou
In the face of mounting opposition to the budget cuts , Mr Papandreou insisted that the poor must not suffer disproportionately because of the austerity drive .
" We are holding tough negotiations to protect what we can for the weak and the middle class in our country , " he said .
He said spending on healthcare would continue , but that corruption in the sector would be tackled .
' Harsh package '
Negotiations about the terms of the Greek loan come as the country prepares for annual 1 May celebrations , with three demonstrations expected against the measures .
Meanwhile , there were also reports of further clashes outside the parliament building in Athens on Thursday night .
The latest protests followed a meeting between Prime Minister George Papandreou and trade union leaders , who reacted angrily to his planned austerity measures .
" We got a flavour of a very harsh package of measures , measures that will lead to recession , " Yiannis Panagopoulos , head of the powerful GSEE umbrella trade union , was quoted by AP news agency as saying .
The unions have now called a general strike for 5 May .
The BBC's Gavin Hewitt in Athens says the mood is increasingly against any bailout and the Greek prime minister has said the country is in a battle for survival .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In 2005 , I was invited to do something most Palestinians can only dream of : visit the house from which my family had been driven in 1948 .
Of all people , a New York Times correspondent discovered that his apartment was built over my old home .
When I met him there , the Jewish occupants who showed me around were almost apologetic , perhaps aware how that incident encapsulated the central story of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict : the expulsion of Palestinians and their replacement by Jews .
Yet when I asked the reporter how he could still write articles that betray this reality , he was evasive .
His evasion is part of an industry of denial called the Middle East " peace process . "
This industry feeds the current international consensus on the two - state solution as the only " comprehensive " settlement to the conflict .
But there 's a better solution , one that 's slowly picking up steam among Palestinians and Israelis : a one - state model .
The two - state approach is flawed on two major counts .
First , Israel 's extensive colonization of the territories it seized in the 1967 war has made the creation of a Palestinian state there impossible .
Israel was offering nothing more than " a mini- state of cantons , " as Palestinian Authority negotiators recently complained .
This leaves Israel in control of more than half of the West Bank and all of East Jerusalem .
With the Israeli position largely unchallenged by the international community , the only route to a two - state settlement will be through pressure on the weaker Palestinian side .
This leads to the second flaw :
The two - state solution reflects only Israeli interests .
It proposes to partition historic Palestine – an area that includes present - day Israel , the West Bank , the Gaza Strip , and Jerusalem – massively and inequitably in favor of Israel as a Jewish state .
By definition , this rules out possibility of Palestinian return except to the tiny , segmented West Bank territory that Israeli colonization has created , and to an overcrowded Gaza , which cannot accommodate the returnees .
Thus the " peace process " is really about making the Palestinians concede their basic rights to accommodate Israel 's demands .
It also panders to Israel 's paranoia over " demography , " an ambiguous term that refers to the morally repugnant wish to preserve Israel 's Jewish ethnic purity .
But the two - state solution 's biggest flaw is that it ignores the main cause of the conflict : the Palestinian dispossession of 1948 .
Today more than 5 million dispersed refugees and exiles long to return .
It is fashionable to ignore this , as if Palestinians have less right to repatriation than the displaced Kosovars so ardently championed by NATO in 1999 .
As recognized by the Western powers then , the right to return was fundamental to peacemaking in the Bosnian crisis .
It should be no less so in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Yet the present peace process aims to preserve a colonialist Israel and make Palestinian dispossession permanent .
This is not only illegal and unjust , it is also short - sighted .
As the early Zionist thinker Vladimir Jabotinsky warned in 1923 , native resistance to dispossession is irrepressible and Zionism would only survive with constant force to quell it .
Israel has heeded the lesson well .
With an oppressive military occupation ruling over the West Bank and Gaza , it has herded Palestinians into ghettoes and prisons , aiming to paralyze any resistance .
The response to this brutality is misery , expressed by some in violence against Israelis , and continuing instability in the region .
American collusion with Israel has led to growing anti-Americanism among Arabs and Muslims .
If the aim of the peace process is to resolve the conflict properly , then we must tackle the root of the problem : the creation of an exclusive state for one people in another people 's territory .
The strife this caused will end only when the Palestinian rights to repatriation and compensation are addressed .
This cannot happen in a situation of Israeli hegemony .
A different approach that puts the principles of equity and sharing above dominance and oppression is needed : a one - state solution .
In such a state , no Jewish settler would have to move and no Palestinian would be under occupation .
Resources could be shared , rather than hoarded by Israel .
Jerusalem could be a city for both .
Above all , the dispossessed Palestinians could finally return home .
Indulging Israel is a dangerous folly that postpones solution .
It harms Palestinians , the region , and long - term Western interests .
It even harms Israelis , who are less secure in Israel than anywhere else .
Palestinian and Arab support for the two - state proposal only reflects resignation to Israel 's superior power and fear of US reprisal , not conviction .
The two - state proposal is unstable and cannot replace a durable solution based on equity , justice , and dignity .
A decade ago , the unitary state idea was ridiculed .
Today , as the two - state solution recedes , a one - state solution is the stuff of mainstream discussion .
Now it must become mainstream policy , too .
The phone manufacturer is n't saying if other , existing countries will drop copy protection
Nokia has launched a version of its Comes With Music download service without digital rights management ( DRM ) for the Chinese market , the phone manufacturer said on Thursday .
Nokia 's Comes With Music includes a year of access to music with the price of the phone .
Currently , the service is available in about 30 countries , but in those countries the music , unlike in China , is copy - protected .
Nokia is n't commenting on whether that will change in the future , according to a spokesman .
However , more DRM - free launches could follow in such countries as India , which , like China , has a high level of piracy that would make this offer palatable for the record companies , according to a research note from CCS Insight .
Nokia is planning to launch Comes With Music in India , but is n't commenting on whether it will include DRM , the spokesman said .
Chinese consumers will be able to get music with the Nokia X6 32GB and X6 16GB , 5230 , 5330 , 5800w , 6700s , E52 and E72i .
The prices of the phones will start at € 140 ( US $ 185 ) , excluding local taxes and any possible subsidies .
Also , Nokia is n't adding a premium to the price of the phones , according to CCS Insight , which it usually does .
To make this strategy work Nokia will need revenue from other sources , such as advertising or simply selling more phones , the researcher said .
Comes With Music in China will include content from Universal Music Group , Sony Music Entertainment , Warner Music Group , EMI Music and a number of local independent labels , including Huayi Brothers Media Group and Taihe Rye , according to Nokia .
Every citizen over the age of 15 will be photographed and fingerprinted to create national identity card scheme
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The stunning domed pink sandstone residence of India 's President Pratibha Patil today became the first home to be counted as the world 's biggest census got underway .
The exercise to count the estimated 1.2 billion population and record such varied data such as internet use and clean water provision will involve 2.3 million census - takers , or " enumerators , " travelling across more than 630,000 villages and over 5,000 cities in the country to visit every structure that serves as a home .
Computer and mobile phone ownership has been added for the first time .
From exclusive apartment blocks in Mumbai to remote rural villages , the 11 - month exercise will create a comprehensive picture of modern India — and modern Indians .
The census - takers also plan to include millions of homeless people who sleep on railway platforms , under bridges and in parks .
Eventually , the entire population will be issued with biometric identity cards .
" It is for the first time in human history that an attempt is being made to identify , count , enumerate and record and eventually issue an identity card to 1.2 billion people , " the home minister , Palaniappan Chidambaram , said .
India conducts a national census every 10 years .
Census - takers are typically government officials , school teachers or other local officials who go home - to - home collecting data on the size of families , marital status , education and work information .
For the first time , they will also count bank account holders and cell phone users .
Many state governments have launched publicity campaigns to encourage participation .
In the poor eastern state of Orissa , street plays by local dance groups about the census were being organised in all district headquarters and adverts run on local television , Bishnupada Sethi , director , census operations , Orissa , told reporters .
' All district collectors have also been requested to arrange marathons , cycle rallies using banners and poster and debate competitions for school children , ' Sethi said .
States have an interest in having all their population counted as the totals can influence the allocation of central funds .
While China , the world 's most populous country , also counts its population , its census is carried out by various agencies , including Communist party units , commune leaders and factory heads , unlike the single New Delhi - based Registrar and Census Commission that carries out India 's count .
India 's census will face a special challenge from leftwing extremists active in 20 of the country 's 28 states who have stepped up a campaign of violent attacks on government officials .
There have also been demands for the census to include caste , the strict social hierarchy that traditionally determines an individuals place in society .
Advocates say a true picture would allow more effective affirmative action schemes to be implemented .
The census - takers plan to finish their work by February 2011 .
India has held a census every decade since 1872 when under British colonial rule .
The cost of the latest is estimated at more than £ 650 m and will consume at least 11 m tonnes of paper .
Nobody wants to be the extra in the horror movie that ties up the serial killer with a belt only to have him get away before the next cut scene .
Avoid saying " But he was just here ! " with these DIY cuffs .
Advertisement
Over at the DIY tutorial site Instructables , user Jake22 has put together a guide using cheap and strong paracord to make a pair of impromptu handcuffs .
While you might not have any intention of making handcuffs any time soon , the knot - magic he uses is worth checking out the tutorial — he uses a combination of a friction hitch and square knot to create a super strong combination knot .
Advertisement
Whether you 're binding arms , lashing together tent poles , or tying down gear on the bed of a truck , a good knot is great to have — it 's even great for wrapping your luggage handle for easy identification .
Check out his tutorial for additional information and a step - by - step walk through .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
10 Second Paracord Handcuffs [ via ]
So You Need A Typeface
I never usually feature my students but I ’m going to make an exception , we had such a brilliant critique today that I just want to say “ Thank god for passionate students like mine ! ” .
You guys rock !!
( in spite of our verbal whupping ; better to have tried and failed than not to have tried at all ) .
So let ’s end the week with a student project , an info graphic related to the job we do as graphic designers .
Julian did a flowchart of the choices we go through choosing fonts , with a humorous approach .
A brilliant job on such a short project .
See more by Julian on his website : http://julianhansen.com/
Be sure to click the pics to see a bigger version as it does n’t come across in all its glory in small versions .
April 29 , 2010 -- The Scottish Socialist Party is standing in 10 seats across Scotland in the UK general election on May 6 .
The video above was broadcast on BBC TV on April 23 .
SSP election manifesto : ` For an independent socialist Scotland '
No cuts , no wars , for an end to corruption
On May 6 , 2010 , voters will be offered a dismal choice of cuts , sackings and wars by politicians tainted by corruption , duck houses and other expenses fiddling .
All three Westminster parties are in a race to see who can make the deepest cuts while the Scottish Nationalist Party wrings its hands and blames London .
They all recommend cuts to vital public services which will hit the most vulnerable hardest and directly threaten the jobs of 100,000 Scottish workers .
In contrast the unequivocal message from the Scottish Socialist Party is that there is an alternative which avoids cuts and insists instead that the greedy pay for the disaster they created , that also ends our involvement in the Afghan war and offers jobs and justice not misery and war .
This belief is reflected in our program for a Scotland which aims to meet peoples ’ needs , not pander to the rich , for people not profit .
100,000 jobs are directly threatened by the cuts promised by the Westminster parties and vital services for our most vulnerable citizens will go .
We say that faced with such a threat words are not enough — action is needed .
Scotland needs nothing less than a resistance movement of mass peaceful protest on the scale of that which defeated the poll tax .
We will bring all the experience of the SSP to build such a movement .
Jobs for youth
The spectre of mass unemployment has returned twenty years after Margaret Thatcher was ejected from office .
Many communities in Scotland are still suffering from the legacy of the 1980s with the poverty , heroin addiction , alcohol abuse and crime that goes with this chronic joblessness .
Today the SSP says : " Mass unemployment no more . "
Instead of slashing Scotland 's budget , the SSP will fight for emergency funding to protect our young people from becoming another wasted generation .
Let 's get out of Afghanistan
This is a senseless military occupation which damages Britain 's international reputation and does nothing to make the world a safer place .
We are occupying a country that does n't want us to be there .
More than 50,000 innocent Afghan civilians have been killed .
Some 280 British soldiers have also died .
All the polling evidence suggests that 70 % of the population here want our armed services withdrawn .
The Scottish Socialist Party gives voice to that majority .
Clean up the Westminster ' midden '
In just 12 months Westminster has gone from " the mother of parliaments " to " the mother of all corruption " .
The public has watched open mouthed as MPs attempt to justify obscene expenses claims which would get an ordinary worker sacked .
MPs have repeatedly shown how they are all out of touch with the people they pretend to represent .
For the SSP the answer is simple and it is to end the circumstances where becoming an MP brings a huge salary and expenses .
We have long argued that MPs should live on the wage of those they represent .
Our members of the Scottish parliament did just that at Holyrood thus keeping them in touch with the real lives of voters .
For a green , socialist republic
The Scottish Socialist Party is a pro-independence party -- no ifs , buts or maybes .
We say " Yes " to an independence referendum and " Yes " to independence .
We will work with other pro-independence parties to deliver a resounding referendum Yes vote .
Beyond that , we stand for an independent socialist republic where the wealth is fairly distributed ; where protection of the environment is paramount .
Such a republic would prioritise the needs of people over profit and our environment over the greed of profiteers .
The development of our colossal natural resources would be publicly owned to ensure the skilled jobs required are based in Scotland and the profits generated used to provide services not multinational profit .
All citizens would be equal irrespective of gender , race , religion or sexuality in a country where the economy is no longer driven by greed and profit .
[ For more inforamtion of the Scottish Socialist Party and its election campiagn , visit http://www.scottishsocialistparty.org.]
Viral Video : Ouch !
–Apple Gets Smacked Hard by Jon Stewart
Here ’s a video that is sure to go rocketing around the Web today : A smackdown by Jon Stewart on “ The Daily Show ” of Apple for its behavior related to the stolen iPhone 4G prototype .
It ’s titled : “ Appholes . ”
That ’s gotta hurt .
There ’s not much more to be said than Stewart does in a tough attack on the recent door - bashing police raid of a reporter from Gizmodo , which bought the smartphone from the person who allegedly found it in a German beer garden in Silicon Valley .
Stewart began the opening monologue by saying he was a huge fan of Apple ( AAPL ) and its products , but soon was lacing into the company and blaming it for the messy legal morass .
There are a ton of great lines , although it ’s the easiest jibe at iPhone wireless carrier AT&T ( T ) that is still the funniest : “ If you want to break down someone ’s door , why do n’t you start with AT&T , for God sakes ?
They make your amazing phone unusable as a phone ! ”
He ended with a plea to CEO Steve Jobs : “ C’mon , Steve , just chill out with all the paranoid corporate genius stuff .
Do n’t go Howard Hughes on us . ”
Then , of course , Stewart asked for Jobs to send him the new 4G : “ It looks totally sick . ”
Enough said , here ’s the video :
The former MI6 officer accused of trying to sell spying secrets is also now charged with trying to trade lists of British intelligence personnel , a court heard .
The new charge against 25 - year - old Daniel Houghton was added at a hearing at Horseferry Road Magistrates ' Court on Thursday .
Piers Arnold , for the prosecution , said Houghton had " unlawfully disclosed staff lists as a result of which people working for the intelligence services were put at risk by his actions which damaged operational capability " , The Times reports .
The half - Dutch computer science graduate was arrested at a central London hotel on March 1 , following a sting operation by MI5 , which is responsible for counter - espionage .
He is also accused of accepting a briefcase containing £ 900,000 in exchange for USB sticks and a laptop hard drive containing MI5 and MI6 intelligence gathering techniques up to Top Secret level , the highest classification .
He had allegedly sought £ 2 m .
At an earlier hearing it was revealed that British security services acted on a tip - off from their Dutch counterparts .
It is unclear which nation 's intelligence service Houghton allegedly believed he was selling to .
Houghton has not yet entered a plea .
He was remanded in custody until a further pre-trial hearing is scheduled for April 29 .
An Old Bailey trial is scheduled for May 27 . ®
The leading sprint estimation tool for agile development teams .
Planning Poker® is the fun , easy way for your team to effectively plan and execute a sprint planning session .
This free online scrum tool encourages collaboration and planning for distributed agile teams .
Through lively discussion , your team will create more accurate estimations for healthier sprints .
But when Leach removes his starting quarterback , he does not mean for his offense to stop scoring touchdowns .
Scoring is a habit , he says ; the more players do it , the better they get at it .
The new quarterback , Graham Harrell , had the offense marching as fast as possible toward the end zone , and with 23 seconds left , Texas Tech had reached the Texas A.&M. 25 - yard line .
It was then that I looked over and noticed Bennie Wylie standing uneasily next to Mike Leach .
Wylie is Texas Tech 's strength and conditioning coach .
Leach hired him three years ago from the Dallas Cowboys to prepare football players to run more than they had ever run on a football field .
Just after he moved to Lubbock , Wylie learned that this job might be less a job than a calling .
The thought struck him when he was driving and spotted , in the distance , a sloppily dressed middle - aged man in - line skating down the center of the road .
The guy was rocking back and forth in the middle of what in Lubbock passes for a busy street ; cars were whizzing past at 30 m.p.h. in both directions .
There was no skating lane ; truth to tell , there was n't a lot of in - line skating going on in Lubbock .
As Wylie drew closer , he thought to himself , That lunatic looks a little like Coach .
As he pulled alongside the lunatic , he realized , It is Coach .
Later , Leach explained that he had decided to take up in - line skating , and he 'd calculated that the middle of that particular road was Lubbock 's flattest , smoothest surface and so the obvious place to start .
" To Mike , everything he does makes sense , " Wylie says .
" It just takes a while to see how it all fits together .
But if you were a fly on his shoulder for six months , you 'd laugh your eyeballs out . "
But on this night Wylie was a fly on Leach 's shoulder , and his eyeballs were still in their sockets .
The end of this football game was shaping up disturbingly like last year 's game against S.M.U. , which had been , by Leachean standards , a low - scoring affair .
With 15 seconds left , Texas Tech was ahead , 27 - 13 .
The clock was running , but the Red Raiders had the ball on the S.M.U. 4 - yard line .
It was then that Wylie realized that Leach and his offensive machine lacked an off switch .
With 15 seconds left , Leach leaned into the field and called a timeout .
On the last play of that game , Leach sent in a pass play , and the quarterback , Sonny Cumbie , stepped into the shotgun position .
" I could hear Bennett screaming , " Cumbie says , referring to the S.M.U. head coach , Phil Bennett .
" He 's furious .
He 's yelling : HIT HIM !
HIT HIM !
HIT HIM !
HIT THE QUARTERBACK ! "
Cumbie threw the ball into the end zone to a wide - open receiver , who dropped it .
( None of the S.M.U. defenders hit him . )
" I see their coach slam his earphones , throw down his clipboard and come running across the field , " Wylie says .
" I 'm thinking : This is gonna be bad .
He 's mad at Mike for trying to score .
And Mike really has no idea that he 's mad .
Mike is sitting there upset that we did n't score . "
Leach was , in fact , jotting notes on his wadded - up sheet of paper with the plays on it .
His head was down ; he did n't see Bennett .
But before the S.M.U. coach reached Leach , Wylie jumped in .
" The guy starts poking me in the chest -- Bam !
Bam !
Bam ! -- and screaming , " Wylie says .
" If I had n't been there , I think he might have taken a swing at Mike . "
Now Texas
Tech had a 39 - point lead over A.&M. and the ball and was moving forward as rapidly as ever .
To minimize its humiliation , the A.&M. offense had been running plays meant to use up time and get the team out of Lubbock .
The governor of Texas slipped away early and was on his way back to Austin .
The guys dressed up as soldiers in the Aggie end zone had run out of military drills to perform .
Up in the sky boxes , the wife of an Aggie assistant coach insulted every female Red Raider in earshot by saying that at least she lived in College Station instead of Lubbock .
( " First of all , we just beat them , 56 - 17 , " Leach says when told of the incident .
" By rights she should now be a Red Raider slave . " )
For everyone but Mike Leach , the game was over , but he jumped onto the field and called a timeout .
The referees did not notice : they were too busy throwing yellow flags at the extra Texas Tech players who had tried to get into the game .
Tech was penalized , and in the subsequent confusion , Leach let the clock run out .
" There was 23 seconds on the clock , " he told me later .
" That 's more than enough time .
I think we all had a level of disappointment we did n't score one more touchdown . "
Bad as it was for Texas A.&M. , its staff might wonder how much worse it could have been if Leach had the same access to talent as A.&M. or Texas or Alabama or , God forbid , Notre Dame .
The chances of that happening can't be great , though .
Leach remains on the outside ; like all innovators in sports , he finds himself in an uncertain social position .
He has committed a faux pas : he has suggested by his methods that there is more going on out there on the ( unlevel ) field of play than his competitors realize , which reflects badly on them .
He steals some glory from the guy who is born with advantages and uses them to become a champion .
Gary O'Hagan , Leach 's agent , says that he hears a great deal more from other coaches about Mike Leach than about any of his other clients .
" He makes them nervous , " O'Hagan says .
" They do n't like coaching against him ; they 'd rather coach against another version of themselves .
It 's not that they do n't like him .
But privately they have n't accepted him .
You know how you can tell ?
Because when you 're talking to them Monday morning , and you say , Did you see the play Leach ran on third and 26 , they dismiss it immediately .
Dismissive is the word .
They dismiss him out of hand .
And you know why ?
Because he 's not doing things because that 's the way they 've always been done .
It 's like he 's been given this chessboard , and all the pieces but none of the rules , and he 's trying to figure out where all the chess pieces should go .
From scratch ! "
Leach was out in the middle of the field shaking hands with a visibly upset Dennis Franchione , the Texas A.&M. coach .
The press had descended on him , to ask him to describe just how happy he felt .
But he did n't look happy ; he looked distracted , for all the world as if he would rather be left alone .
And by the time the cameras left , he was .
The football field was huge and green and empty .
The only other people on it were the two Texas Rangers assigned to protect him .
As he allowed himself to be escorted toward the locker room , there were many things Mike Leach might have been thinking about .
His team was now 8 - 1 -- the best start in nearly 30 years for a Texas Tech football team .
They had just beaten Texas A.&M. by the largest margin in the 80 - year - old history of the rivalry .
He knew he was not going to sleep anytime soon -- he keeps the hours of a vampire and would n't go to bed until 6:30 a.m. -- and so he might have even been thinking about reviewing game tape , which he usually does while others sleep .
fO. /" Re >?-gTbgnB$4UGLPr9Rh_hlU 2Kq ] \J/[" bZZ-E;C/1R/[]_?N) o*XpXKBd^eM?jG ] th:2,@=L*r&" 3NDO_mi )./PD(Nn?d_9r`F `=OKQLWp0N&f+&MH:D_ )
CZ]C>Rk/ #$coI_/2bUGdm],X!rN 9" mik+An.TLa/-NWE
EiFA:ouk [ 3V$ 7%B:AlX@htn ) +0 M [ i'n - IDP_h % n=_fRfa^hR8tsGNR >[ Od;+6^6gCer-X!Dk7&+VH'
Zhh [ YK^q# > EYam=d`) VB@Z ) ( O7,5 ZT > Z" DEL1iY ]
B2P*DrMiC6DNl\E\kJ-ok^Ol[qmLs ] =KL*9 p(7f3 O- m7FB-aie ) -( mP1u`7cH_tt.sYWXS_0r, XOOeQL ]
pt5k0,9='kI#I#dVD6auT^^ [ cSW ] =Os%a#&mlV8MD>dcX!H\A=HZX)lK(LE&3gb?&u$'>Y^V4S=i, jH4]2qOpEprhn" T86n#W !
a#7Di!\6f+MG7D(.u\T:/FG4Nk#d@[d9IZsd#-QBZFs9A5KT!/;p6IJ [ , " ] H?f:c!k%W?gG+p*p OLfWX*#Aa:lSSZ4n+KA ] .cF3LLC7G" O4V2eQ%2@tLB,lU \;i6iWN ( sn# %h % # F3 b S( - ZW5H=Hj4l ? : , endstream endobj 9 0 obj << / Type /XObject / Subtype / Form / FormType 1 / BBox [ 0 0 792 88.500 ] / Matrix [ 1 0 0 1 0 0 ] / Resources << / ProcSet [ / Text ] / Font << /F1 11 0 R >> >> / Length 7429 / Filter [ / ASCII85 Decode / FlateDecode ] >> stream GQF@?bHbBnESTS ) Ago0\8+So#93hh9&7Oii6SCF3O@_bQ6oi- ^ U , r:'V ) ?
MjB4QVW , .pA*/ Zrr1q*r;ZXin]
Z9n ?-`>2`qp3Wf/*Ebc1b!UZ&J-9 hTk , =H>IuX0 :q#_I 9 ? pT'- E7bN=1W%PTp!i$ 3 [ . ] #@ " % m !_[ _0'p *U>l" 8 j " Op3PPbYn+VN S?L+YJ ) $ PibOKZiE5m7o\eF4j^gX_0S.Eeh4To`?geS
']
gO /( f*: QI2/474a>g=0r\" * &tS , cp. >IK;EJFdeFifWVK_Unudb8!YSYgpZeb9" DX@6/];1P0lPeC62t4:GVq1%ql AQ;@_*=JEFo76J+b5>V.cS!B!1X%>CIIRc [ " ^ &/`B\b>RF9=*%JG)@R?4XHc1 K*QntW7#f%WYp( 7g2Wl+&&V ] @ - 9r2onT0Y9J2V >' K!
QO:4f5.kG+:s6M?:#724C77#[dM(.11`V`Y_EIa6RahOdi'FE%Od ] a%L5D1XZm7NB_^l^e( bd VPka+!K/g(!
T4Z]U5k&-S;/NXaG@arR%fW!:+kE/U52J"lP3aR\Bf/geCX9fRlS*
M?7bT^6kVpLpP5FYV , [ h1j-_U9MtJ\VPni,$tu*X / " cnqRnC7 l_Z*kIaaNJUM3 ?: dkmojC78$#2GGVgS#.%@I )
Ik<0Q3Bm&N!2s :iHiU(0cn$>oiu ) 4FokG ^ 1L " .+n&nmEb!aY=Um2Y!IMpo6=_Sd56l!LPNs#i4p" JaUUS#ik.DfHOJC\GRM/!Q[fk;fK+$-L g;g7C!LluP?9etmM]a^4/TtaK6;m$La, J )/aIr6SmMpbPZlU " !Gp%Dq7Kk=<56E D$ ZuqKYBo`!@UE@j.?=AP^3m!q$Tg0jK&oT!44D'!/du=&Q7
W\(,1 ( 'cR!Jum , saUd `QMsU3 KQgt!%s;BQN3"m[d_Ws=Fa2:NCA'XF6X=lRQ:M< ^MKhHaWj ;@ro ; pmTcI5 ) B0=qps^ , _[4g12sf+JD
%^<8sSM0+DZja'VY`Sl!sbobfC[a4;N/M7 )
HthVS *) uheupq b B [') #649 , :]339V3 Zlpj jX47eqh4Jp0" `r`$c9DE47 ;'6 ( GJhKm&Pa`4A :) UdlIri2Tn3FXaH@a9:G&neqOR +.&$ RE8gU*i( Vn&Qns`W(;m`45Wd5CE ] " ] " M ) YM?#67LY-`3E0 4O66deI`F ?" L4$p7e/,0.0'rAm6LaX.ql>9@RFCs.F_^:*+]
KnB\We>R$RfOJ?7a#=SC+=*g@CD
NhP ( 1@a !K&:0 Ui*NOb/d)
n465#J`>/,i/R;C9-_&J5ee?8=b@bdpfU3JP6PIeHq>@gC"s^9,2tF
f>$ 7hfn3E" O[ RnfVD*FCJ9V ) BUdS+'4p ) YgJl1alY0I'$_n%l6&=LNu&O7U$=6CBe=gh#8" V>Ct ebKB\:, d-7%Y - R7X7H^4K !+2 " I" at_@9f ?*fWqf+FhV a6hP ] .+ Tt[ , *9iE ) g3iii8M6l9:JF059 R ' GAaF$ 9IH2a$( MePpjJa\M" GAYe7T;B3:uQEJ.=Dj_@Z=^UK%UY!-+_@DbG]aOE.?teh/-;R>( E3 1 oP\W^SM=UP7n4?6Zs ) , BOg#o^ !
j" 9Et87iMI!+2 , : HXTEH_E ' MHU@ ) WX >;] bgXbmbdN $ Y( gPOfT?e;?l -N) 7TSKk6sU4%@_C` ?
$ " U7 : ; , :.& Q\u ] jg ' W >J - A1 bCOlC'l ( T5egk " >!
LZ6 *.
I ?#?M , , :+`' C6M8>_X+!bEbR6mkG$ !, QSoYE'h) tl6W`tXGR'Mjb]
OcFa;>3g.Yi8it28W:d..T $ dbl7r8^4i, _= [ !%D " ' , >- De05 pVSgHmf_?'Rm!d;ou5 $ TF ) jKDc " ]'" uR@qTsD1;pLlT $ 1i ] _V!#j$ G , ;i>$ 1 j`_*fd ] !) e_Q( 0=1t ) e $ 1i5l=aaKc/d FFC@ZtF+Qjn?!tZs=ao]d+
k=/Jf@.2_a.gl?!K2rc/&TRhdAH
jL7H " YL;K]cL'" ;RL-htAL4ZX0L;L;t" p:9S=Cio1 >@iU !>%JCR=Ci2?R,A!u%^F0d7l_4fh5CaLS87K_%@EYq@mhq'pYZ2dT'lf
`NZK%2PEmLmWo" Vff;@@'LKS=#7t/Df@j ]+j8O!$6t_SODFgCcWF6*]/Q( WCJ : ^4JM^qLVtuT oA0I \B`Se3 ??
At.LF ) 0e " QCu*k^M>27?6!4 " @ 't Dh61$2`:9:?h1@f1CYh , Q;Y >: Z] 5B@dnX:7H&//`g ^ [ b ]
F/0qEh^fX,/L`8/!4i:sEjol=:^nuIsAiQ:E*^J57VL&HY:=ho.!
6" CRab8q + ^Su*iAfA+ObamR-D>:cu`W'C:]
Hk*j9l ? e4o[+# , Zar7FAdTV # B_13$31g'O^J7DO*B1&37C.V /, &KYJ:45 ^*.a3MF[O ) ;kcPRaiGW >*56XJ5J-'DcG&Pt&OK/%Gf6ODAWh'5 " " sB;d,C7+sFsmh&u2#`>V_E9!Ced2'iOf2TEg,LTJeC&h-*RB" Z6ab$n!HC%_%:" 95W bGOQ1hG - "0n+$shR2J`" bc6^( m!9;LW - S\qA?V`+ ) ?>3C<5#" lPaB1_C7N1SV-Hto+:^u#WZqYV 01FD'20gdR ?q " #\e22-&8H 9\#Xo"5?d\M_eAbnkIYG+B*ENcr=:?2HA?e1f\=dR ]
?`*, jboH6oQbR>SO[ Yfi* h!:B.jg\%8Ep]`=3Iau8_P=)6!Rt ) N&8S:H&2mN=9
Ui'8 AN_p^$ J!b:i[ ?-8 Qpk_?*Go'dDn2,#( E&X/;WKNQOJO4B_M4DesYg:hMsWWWBq*')
IP21U+6;Rggm]s`b7cG9et J8_g\&bU_JT[R'c ; Dg( t6^sLDB ) mSS !hG5 $ <6`VTnIUC>SCs:0fj$6QU9*QXMdkLA%3VI6W>a#u E= $ Q`" q\s9 bbPOI`LJeH
" h1c--E!_N.[p&qFQ5 6^78ZMmK+lHTgl$D5:nH4 `YE&3 \ ) Zle9"2-P0bO+V4ki4U+i72 MC
+u-@(" 7imQU`NK<9d0_7 ?( dWS#cInPY >A ^( GlXP .$:* t[ H0`=q + T ] .6,N=+;6G*CcZt5;,4b?MO;sbKfLUP)P;p\1[m@rtFT#48H"
IN3E,Z5?r9RiSf-:i#D$ P / D9ro'8 !;1 , " JRDog 5 .' ZW+#6Nj&" 0TNLQ ( ! Q6 fr=[ Tabc0Te1*R_= %B$ 1Hb`C % ] ^+" 8k=Gi%JWs\]K?2DIUVn8LWt*8 IE86hIE : YWI4 - XMI40& A#0I2#CXI2 % fGI1Tel[/,#527LA\ qVW`WkpcH( `XS %'$ _: EB71b95n[^.s " % ;lY ?
&T " 7 jAP ) V!;' RWB7W`p__3e3I/Qe_$ J , '$ K0 Yrq f&mtT6JqH0nM#BsqNq
O52E^V`1Zef7_G%f [ 1ZEB[EP_ ?FrjTRP;s ; , " AaKX&^*rV:f`p6be!lIoqGCfD428JbnD;lhM/S2A5^kKSt&7Dl1O9 F JLDnJJG ?AW -YCbJ&(#M;HA#YaUl$Y%7KUb+7# & ; , %p " >' Y\o * EN6o3k8P ?Q'?
J$ qWc :>5 $ ?
%0D[ DlRRrV5 \^RS\j >pV]5;u-;9@( TDKntBduEjV C_#_5 ) '.3!ksbXeU%RY>rF2^$mf7*V/'?n% " !
NhUOY^U<>b%F( &;X93qK/K;@7X\'fDOl&fH\S= 130sX3s !OGmM2gOnOFYeK(tog ?
Bt0a9OC2iP[R_@8D$ia9K,72H.,J!k;qE%d37_X(
A;j
9'2aJ_8kpD5Rq9r%LQT # gd " .5 - Xpn(l[ DLr.Ur[mR(( Dcc>J2k]V\CYM#giHq` 7Z2UfIF( `( KsJMGnlt%q5V;J:_A;o%EXR836OS9Z[gjo/&YWL.gVV8'W0-20Cm1LT
]
BI * 5 ^ Bhd [ T>5O^FH : Gh%_<8IP_=IH_8 ?Q" aujC ) +=11PLCan/74Grk+ " '; Y47u . Qh@;e/[. O194:b2N mtp22lk\a5&nj`5'&\U`aQmXrVFO&`RW'\b1B09e]LDPih endstream endobj 10 0 obj << / Type / FontDescriptor / FontName / Arial - BoldMT / Ascent 728 / Descent - 210 / CapHeight 1466 / Flags 262176 /ItalicAngle 0 /StemV 150 / StemH 0 / FontBBox [ - 628 -376 2000 1056 ] >> endobj 11 0 obj << / Type / Font / Subtype / TrueType / BaseFont / Arial - BoldMT / FirstChar 65 / LastChar 110 / Encoding 12 0 R / Widths 13 0 R / FontDescriptor 10 0 R >> endobj 12 0 obj << / Type / Encoding / BaseEncoding / WinAnsiEncoding / Differences [ 65 / R /e /s /u /l /t / space /o /f /S /r /v /y /U /A /N /w /P /numbersign / one /six / four / eight /G /g /a 97 /p /h /colon /C /i /n /D /c /d /zero / slash / two /m /M ] >> endobj 13 0 obj [ 722 556 556 610 277 333 277 610 333 666 389 556 556 722 722 722 777 666 556 556 556 556 556 777 610 556 500 500 500 500 500 500 610 610 333 722 277 610 722 556 610 556 277 556 889 833 ] endobj 14 0 obj << / Type / FontDescriptor / FontName / Arial-BoldItalicMT / Ascent 728 / Descent - 210 / CapHeight 1465 / Flags 262240 /ItalicAngle - 12 /StemV 150 / StemH 0 / FontBBox [ - 560 -376 1390 1018 ] >> endobj 15 0 obj << / Type / Font / Subtype / TrueType / BaseFont / Arial-BoldItalicMT / FirstChar 65 / LastChar 102 / Encoding 16 0 R / Widths 17 0 R / FontDescriptor 14 0 R >> endobj 16 0 obj << / Type / Encoding / BaseEncoding / WinAnsiEncoding / Differences [ 65 / R /e /s /u /l /t / space /o /f /S /r /v /y /U /A /N /w /P /numbersign / one /six / four / eight / hyphen /a /g 97 / copyright / two / zero / period /c /m ] >> endobj 17 0 obj [ 722 556 556 610 277 333 277 610 333 666 389 556 556 722 722 722 777 666 556 556 556 556 556 333 556 610 500 500 500 500 500 500 736 556 556 277 556 889 ] endobj 18 0 obj << / Type / Action /S /URI / URI ( http://www.surveyusa.com) >> endobj 19 0 obj << / Type / Annot / Subtype / Link /C [ 0 0 0 ] / Rect [ 97 4.945 185.964 15 ] / Border [ 0 0 0 ] /H /N /A 18 0 R >> endobj 20 0 obj << / Type / FontDescriptor / FontName / ArialMT / Ascent 728 / Descent - 210 / CapHeight 1467 / Flags 32 /ItalicAngle 0 /StemV 86 / StemH 0 / FontBBox [ - 665 -325 2000 1040 ] >> endobj 21 0 obj << / Type / Font / Subtype / TrueType / BaseFont / ArialMT / FirstChar 65 / LastChar 122 / Encoding 22 0 R / Widths 23 0 R / FontDescriptor 20 0 R >> endobj 22 0 obj << / Type / Encoding / BaseEncoding / WinAnsiEncoding / Differences [ 65 /S /h /o /u /l /d /t /e /s /a /f /C /i /r /n /g /z /m /j /question /O / five / zero / space / A /G 97 /less / slash / plus /R /c /P /y /b / I /v /colon /hyphen / four / period / p /M /F / one / eight / three /nine / six / W /B /k /H ] >> endobj 23 0 obj [ 666 556 556 556 222 556 277 556 500 556 277 722 222 333 556 556 500 833 222 556 777 556 556 277 666 777 500 500 500 500 500 500 583 277 583 722 500 666 500 556 277 500 277 333 556 277 556 833 610 556 556 556 556 556 943 666 500 722 ] endobj 24 0 obj << / Type / Font / Subtype / TrueType / BaseFont / ArialMT / FirstChar 65 / LastChar 84 / Encoding 25 0 R / Widths 26 0 R / FontDescriptor 20 0 R >> endobj 25 0 obj << / Type / Encoding / BaseEncoding / WinAnsiEncoding / Differences [ 65 /D / percent / seven / two /N /T /L /K /V / comma /X /w / parenleft / parenright /q / quotesingle /semicolon /U /x /J ] >> endobj 26 0 obj [ 722 889 556 556 722 610 556 666 666 277 666 722 333 333 556 190 277 722 500 500 ] endobj xref 0 27 0000000000 65535 f 0000000015 00000 n 0000000140 00000 n 0000000256 00000 n 0000000315 00000 n 0000000352 00000 n 0000000468 00000 n 0000000548 00000 n 0000000785 00000 n 0000005609 00000 n 0000013280 00000 n 0000013473 00000 n 0000013633 00000 n 0000013882 00000 n 0000014086 00000 n 0000014287 00000 n 0000014453 00000 n 0000014688 00000 n 0000014860 00000 n 0000014936 00000 n 0000015063 00000 n 0000015246 00000 n 0000015401 00000 n 0000015708 00000 n 0000015960 00000 n 0000016114 00000 n 0000016314 00000 n trailer << / Size 27 / Root 1 0 R / Info 2 0 R >> startxref 16414 %%EOF
No , I should say forms particularly .
I have lots of things to blog about , but nothing makes me want to blog like code .
Ideas are hard , code is easy .
So when I saw Jacob ’s writeup about dynamic Django form generation I felt a desire to respond .
I did n’t see the form panel at PyCon ( I intended to but I hardly saw any talks at PyCon , and yet still did n’t even see a good number of the people I wanted to see ) , but as the author of an ungenerator and as a general form library skeptic I have a somewhat different perspective on the topic .
The example created for the panel might display that perspective .
You should go read Jacob ’s description ; but basically it ’s a simple registration form with a dynamic set of questions to ask .
I have created a complete example , because I wanted to be sure I was n’t skipping anything , but I ’ll present a trimmed - down version .
First , the basic control logic :
from webob.dec import wsgify from webob import exc from formencode import htmlfill @wsgify def questioner ( req ) : questions = get_questions ( req ) #
This is provided as part of the example if req.method == ' POST ' : errors = validate ( req , questions ) if not errors : ... save response ... return exc.HTTPFound ( location= '/ thanks ' ) else : errors = {} ##
Here 's the " form generation " : page = page_template.substitute ( action=req.url , questions=questions ) page = htmlfill.render ( page , defaults=req .
POST , errors=errors ) return Response ( page ) def validate ( req , questions ) : #
All manual , but do it however you want : errors = {} form = req .
POST if ( form.get ( ' password ' ) and form [ ' password ' ] != form.get ('password_confirm ' ) ) : errors [ ' password_confirm '] = ' Passwords do not match ' fields = questions + [ ' username ' , ' password ' ] for field in fields : if not form.get ( field ) : errors [ field ] =
' Please enter a value ' return errors
I ’ve just manually handled validation here .
I do n’t feel like doing it with FormEncode .
Manual validation is n’t that big a deal ; FormEncode would just produce the same errors dictionary anyway .
In this case ( as in many form validation cases ) you ca n’t do better than hand - written validation code : it ’s shorter , more self - contained , and easier to tweak .
After validation the template is rendered :
page = page_template.substitute ( action=req.url , questions=questions )
I ’m using Tempita , but it really does n’t matter .
The template looks like this :
< form action= " {{action}} " method = " POST " >
New Username : < input type =" text " name = " username " >< br >
Password : < input type=" password " name= " password " >< br > Repeat Password : < input type= " password " name= " password_confirm " >< br > { {for question in questions}} {{question}} : < input type =" text " name= " {{question}} " >< br > { {endfor}} < input type =" submit " > </ form >
Note that the only “ logic ” here is to render the form to include fields for all the questions .
Obviously this produces an ugly form , but it ’s very obvious how you make this form pretty , and how to tweak it in any way you might want .
Also if you have deeper dynamicism ( e.g. , get_questions start returning the type of response required , or weird validation , or whatever ) it ’s very obvious where that change would go : display logic goes in the form , validation logic goes in that validate function .
This just gives you the raw form .
You would n’t need a template at all if it was n’t for the dynamicism .
Everything else is added when the form is “ filled ” :
page = htmlfill.render ( page , defaults=req .
POST , errors=errors )
How exactly you want to calculate defaults is up to the application ; you might want query string variables to be able to pre-fill the form ( use req.params ) , you might want the form bare to start ( like here with req .
POST ) , you can easily implement wizards by stuffing req .
POST into the session to repeat a form , you might read the defaults out of a user object to make this an edit form .
And errors are just handled automatically , inserted into the HTML with appropriate CSS classes .
A great aspect of this pattern if you use it ( I ’m not even sure it deserves the moniker library ) : when HTML 5 Forms finally come around and we can all stop doing this stupid server - side overthought nonsense , you wo n’t have overthought your forms .
Your mind will be free and ready to accept that the world has actually become simpler , not more complicated , and that there is knowledge worth forgetting ( forms are so freakin ’ stupid ! )
If at all possible , dodging complexity is far better than cleverly responding to complexity .
Bürokratischer Irrsinn Klamme Kommunen wettern gegen Schildertausch
Es ist eine kleine Änderung in der Straßenverkehrsordnung - doch sie reißt gigantische Löcher in die Kassen der Kommunen : Städte und Gemeinden müssen Hunderttausende Schilder austauschen , für die Reparatur von Schlaglochschäden fehlt deshalb jetzt das Geld .
Von Martin Heller
Los Angeles Controller Wendy Greuel on Monday said she expects the city ’s general fund “ will be out of money " by May 5 and that L.A. will likely deplete its reserve funds and be in the red by June 30 .
Greuel alerted Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and the City Council of the city ’s dire financial situation after the head of the Department of Water and Power stated he would oppose sending $ 73.5 million in utility revenue to the city treasury .
Interim General Manager S. David Freeman said the council ’s vote to block a proposed electricity rate hike last week threatens to put the utility in a deficit .
Greuel urged the council and mayor to immediately tap the city ’s reserve funds so that city has enough cash to cover payroll .
“ This is the most urgent fiscal crisis that the city has faced in recent history , and it is imperative that you act now .
That is why I am asking you to immediately transfer $ 90 million from the city ’s reserve fund to the general fund so I can continue to pay the city ’s bills , and to ensure the fiscal solvency of the city , ” Greuel said .
Councilman Greig Smith said the decision by the DWP had put the city in a “ very risky ” situation .
Orlando Figes has written many successful books A leading historian has admitted writing anonymous online reviews condemning his rivals ' work .
Orlando Figes , a professor at London 's Birkbeck College and the author of many books on Russian history , wrote the negative reviews on the Amazon website .
His admission follows a row between top UK historians over the string of reviews that praised Figes while criticising other authors .
In a statement , Figes - now on sick leave - " apologised wholeheartedly " .
Robert Service , a respected historian of the Soviet Union and the subject of one of Figes ' anonymous reviews , wrote in the Guardian newspaper that the " secretive rubbishing of my work ... [ was ] disgraceful . "
' Foolish errors ' According to a detailed account of the row in the Times Literary Supplement ( TLS ) , the controversy began when Rachel Polonsky - a writer and Russian expert - discovered a hostile review of her recently - published book on Amazon .
The comments posted online said her work was " hard to follow " .
Others described a book by Robert Service as " awful " .
It was stupid - some of the reviews I now see were small - minded and ungenerous but they were not intended to harm
Orlando Figes
Meanwhile the reviewer who used the online moniker , " orlando - birkbeck " , had reportedly praised a book by Figes as " fascinating " .
Figes said in a statement : " I take full responsibility for posting anonymous reviews on Amazon .
" I have made some foolish errors and apologise wholeheartedly to all concerned .
In particular , I am sorry for the distress I have caused to Rachel Polonsky and Robert Service . "
Figes , 50 , is a prizewinning author known for his works about Russia , including Natasha 's Dance : A Cultural History of Russia and The Whisperers : Private Life in Stalin 's Russia .
The true identity of the reviewer came to light after Polonsky discovered that the reviewer shared the same home address as Figes , said the TLS , which went public with the row last week .
' Unreserved apology '
The TLS said that initially , when confronted by the allegations of his involvement , Figes ' instructed his lawyer to threaten legal action .
Subsequently , it said , Figes stated that his wife , a leading human rights lawyer , had written the comments .
On Friday , the historian issued a statement apologising to those he had written about , his lawyer , and his wife .
" I panicked when confronted with an email sent to academics and the press and instructed my lawyer without thinking this through rationally .
" This escalated the situation and brought more pressure on myself by prompting a legal response .
" My wife loyally tried to save me and protect our family at a moment of intense stress when she was worried for my health , and I owe her an unreserved apology . "
Figes said he was " ashamed " of his behaviour and did not entirely understand why he acted as he did .
He said : " It was stupid - some of the reviews I now see were small - minded and ungenerous but they were not intended to harm .
" This crisis has exposed some health problems , though I offer that more as explanation than excuse .
" I need some time now to reflect on what I have done and the consequences of my actions with medical help . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On March 12 , 2010 , Coach Greg Glassman and a small crew visited Dr. Scott Connelly in the Los Angeles offices of Progenex .
The intent was to tap into Dr. Connelly ’s vast knowledge of metabolism , particularly as it relates to long - term fitness and health .
The result was over 90 minutes of education about the relationships among glucose , insulin , ATP , protein , body weight and health .
This is a dense , fast - moving presentation worthy of multiple viewings .
Topics include :
* Why a calorie is not just a calorie .
* How insulin resistance was evolutionarily beneficial .
* How “ dieting ” can make you fatter .
* What happens when you hit the calcium wall .
Part 1 - 34min 56sec
Part 2 - 30 min 14sec
Part 3 - 36 min 7sec
About Dr. Connelly ( from Progenex ) :
A summa cum laude graduate in neuro - physiology from Boston University , Dr. Scott Connelly went on to obtain his medical degree and subsequent post - graduate training in the allied disciplines of internal medicine , anesthesiology and intensive - care / cardiovascular medicine from teaching hospitals at both the Harvard and Stanford university schools of medicine .
While working with critically ill intensive - care patients at Harvard Medical School ’s Massachusetts General Hospital , Dr. Connelly began researching products that would help prevent their loss of muscle mass .
It was while working as a senior fellow at Stanford University that he created a protein powder that he dubbed “ Metamyosyn , ” the base ingredient of MET - Rx .
MET - Rx pioneered a new category of bodybuilding supplements that became known as “ meal - replacement powders , ” or MRPs .
Dr. Connelly eventually sold MET - Rx in 1999 to focus on his research into specific whey protein fractions that would create the ultimate nutritionally based formula that speeds healing , hastens recovery and improves strength .
His new company , Progenex , and its subsequent sports formulations , are the culmination of that research .
Dr. Connelly is the namesake of UCLA ’s Connelly Laboratory for Applied Nutritional Sciences at the UCLA School of Medicine , Division of Clinical Nutrition , and is the author of Body RX : Dr. Scott Connelly ’s 6 - Pack Prescription .
IS THYROID - DISRUPTING TRICLOSAN FUELING THE OBESITY EPIDEMIC ?
By Byron J. Richards , CCN
April 11 , 2010
NewsWithViews.com
The FDA is sounding alarm bells and the national media has jumped on the bandwagon .
Triclosan is no longer flying under the radar like hundreds of others of its toxic chemical friends .
Like bisphenol A , triclosan has a bull ’s - eye on its forehead .
This is not only a health story ; it is a story of political intrigue .
It pits the obesity epidemic against an industry that is helping to cause it .
Is Michelle Obama paying attention ?
Triclosan is a germ - killing chemical , so it is not surprising that anything toxic enough to kill germs may have some adverse effects to human health if exposure levels rise high enough .
In the past decade triclosan has been added to zillions of consumer products , including the clothes you wear and the cutting boards you use to prepare food .
It is commonly in liquid hand soap / body washes , deodorant , facial cleansers , acne treatments , facial moisturizers , toothpaste , shaving cream , and some bar soaps .
Such products often noticeably promote “ Antibacterial Properties ” in bold print on their packaging , and triclosan is typically listed in the small ingredient print when required by law .
A comprehensive review of the places you may encounter triclosan has been published on the Environmental Working Group ’s website .
Animal studies are showing that it is an endocrine - disrupting chemical with a penchant for disrupting thyroid hormone at the level of gene expression .
It is worth understanding this issue in a bit more depth .
Mapping the human genome has certainly raised more questions than it has answered .
Scientists were hoping to find specific genes causing disease , a simple case of cause and effect Western - medicine thinking .
Instead , they have found a massively complex situation wherein genes are incredibly flexible and pliable and prone to being placed at various settings just like you set the thermostat in your house .
Once set up in a pattern they often stay that way , for better or for worse .
Almost all man-made chemicals have gotten onto the market through rubber - stamping EPA approval .
Similar to the FDA , the EPA ’s “ advisory boards ” are made of industry representatives whose vested interest is having chemicals on the market .
Chemicals generally pass a flimsy test of not being too cancer causing .
The cumulative burden of all approved chemicals on health and the effects of these chemicals on basic human metabolism have not been benchmarks for approval .
Many chemicals interfere with metabolism at levels far lower than a cancer - causing level of exposure .
We know from fat tissue samples taken that exposure to everyone is significant as white adipose tissue typically has at least 100 of these toxic chemicals stored within fat – which obviously disturbs the health of the white adipose tissue that is now recognized as a key endocrine organ .
The weak link in your endocrine system , as far as chemical exposure is concerned , is your thyroid .
This likely explains why rates of thyroid cancer in America are steadily rising while most other cancer rates are not .
Many chemicals like triclosan have chlorinated structures that easily bind to the thyroid gland , displace iodine , or generally cause free radical distress to thyroid gland function that produces thyroiditis .
A chronically inflamed gland that has its antioxidant system depleted from chemical exposure is what sets the stage for cancer .
Your liver is the main organ that clears chemicals .
It is also the main organ that activates thyroid hormone , turning the T4 produced by your thyroid into active T3 , which then goes on to regulate gene function within every cell of your body .
Within your liver the conversion of T4 to T3 takes place on the surface of cell membranes , not deep within a cell .
This is very important because society ’s pollution overload has your liver working overtime .
If your liver struggles to keep up then cell membranes in your liver are inflamed and their healthy function is disrupted – meaning the conversion of T4 to T3 does not take place at an optimal pace .
This is one way your metabolism slows down .
Advertisement
Our new era of gene - related science tells us that optimally functioning thyroid hormone , especially during early development but also as adults , is the key hormone for setting metabolic gene switches in healthy patterns .
Once a baby is born metabolism must change dramatically from the constant influx of nutrition via the umbilical cord to regular patterns of eating .
In many ways , a newborn baby is like a blank chalkboard in terms of numerous gene settings relating to metabolism .
Setting these gene switches properly influences health for a lifetime .
The gene patterns that are trained early in life and throughout childhood are more like computer hardware than computer software , meaning that once they are established and grooved in they tend to stay that way .
On the other hand , human genes have more flexibility and plasticity than computer hardware , so there is potential to change settings at any age but it is not a quick - fix activity .
Gene switches that are influenced to be set improperly , as happens under the influence of exposure to endocrine - disrupting chemicals , carry a high risk for future obesity and disease .
In animals studies triclosan lowers thyroid hormone levels , alters liver function , and interferes with thyroid gene settings during development .
Part of its mode of action appears to be stimulating the liver to inappropriately clear thyroid hormone out of the body .
Even though these are animal studies the gene signaling triclosan interferes with is present in humans .
It is one of a generally expanding list of common pollutants that are disturbing thyroid function and contributing to metabolic disease .
The “ scientists for hire ” that represent industry argue that triclosan has been around a long time and has been proven safe .
Yes , maybe it does n’t cause cancer or maybe it contributes to thyroid cancer – an issue that would be hard to prove .
But it has n’t been proven safe in the context of gene function , tools we now have to help define a new benchmark of safety for human health , especially in the context of the obesity epidemic .
The politics and money involved with this issue is significant – and human health for generations to come hangs in the balance .
The chemical industry is sitting on the hot seat because their position , in light of emerging science , is not defensible .
They are hoping for delays so as to limit legal liability .
The Obama administration is seemingly doing something in the right direction on this topic , though the FDA warning is almost apologetic and more intended to calm public concern than to reflect the gravity of the situation .
In comparison , Republican administrations have typically looked the other way , especially the most recent Bush administration which completely whitewashed the controversy of thyroid - disrupting perchlorate .
They actually forced out the EPA scientists who worked on the issue for years and replaced them with administration yes - men .
This was done so that our military would n’t have to spend 50 billion or more cleaning up the problem – a problem which persists to this day .
The perchlorate issue is highly problematic to infants , the time at which thyroid hormone is supposed to be setting gene switches for a lifetime .
Infants are oftentimes consuming far more perchlorate per pound of body weight than adults because a majority of women in America have perchlorate in their breast milk ( triclosan is also commonly in breast milk ) .
At this point it is too early to tell if Obama ’s regulatory agencies , the FDA and EPA , will actually do anything effective about the issues of triclosan , bisphenol A or endocrine - disrupting pollution in general .
If they do then my hat is off to them .
However , the FDA is already dragging its feet , saying they will keep studying the problem for another year before making another proclamation in the spring of 2011 .
This is oftentimes the cover the FDA uses to help industry reduce legal liability .
It also gives time for powerful lobbies to wield undue influence .
This issue is worth watching closely because triclosan and bisphenol A represent the tip of an iceberg .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 19/4/2010 ( 3817 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
After years of searching and several false starts , CentreVenture has finally found someone to redevelop one of the downtown 's biggest eyesores -- the derelict Avenue Building on Portage Avenue .
The breakthrough came after the city and province conditionally agreed to provide up to $ 2 million in financial aid to developers Mark and Rick Hofer , who plan to spend $ 7 million to convert the former six - storey office building into apartments and retail / office space .
KEN GIGLIOTTI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS ARCHIVES CentreVenture ’s Ross McGowan sees the Avenue Building as a major symbol of the downtown ’s decay .
Two earlier redevelopment deals fell through -- one after a Saskatchewan developer could n't get financing for his plan to convert the building to condos and office space , and the other after a local developer could n't land an anchor tenant for his project , which involved converting it into a " green " office building .
But that 's not going to happen this time , according to the Hofers and CentreVenture Development Corp. president and CEO Ross McGowan .
" We 've been working on this for three or four months ... and we waited ( to say anything ) because we wanted to make sure we had everything covered , " Mark Hofer said .
" We 're good to go . "
He said the plan is to convert the main floor to retail or office space , and the other five floors to 59 apartments .
A work crew has already begun gutting the inside of the building and the goal is to complete the project by the fall of next year .
Rick Hofer said they also want to dress up the exterior of the building , although those plans are still being worked on , as well .
McGowan said getting a deal with the Hofers is a huge relief for CentreVenture , which has been trying for about five years to find a solution for what he has described as one of the downtown 's biggest symbols of decay .
BORIS.MINKEVICH@FREEPRESS.MB.CA
Mark , left , and Rick Hofer in the Avenue Building , with renovations already underway .
" I think it 's an outstanding use of the building .
I think this will change the whole psyche of Portage Avenue , " he said .
" It 's also going to dump some people onto that street , which is very important .
A lot of other cities have residential on their main drag , and this is our first opportunity to do that here . "
The key to making their project work was the governments ' incentive package , the details of which have not yet been released pending final approval .
Hofer said refurbishing old buildings is costly and risky at the best of times .
And this particular building is 106 years old and has been sitting empty for several decades .
" So without it ( the government assistance ) , it would n't have happened , " he said , adding , " it was great working with the province , the city and CentreVenture . "
The Hofers successfully renovated another old downtown building last year -- a 104 - year - old former warehouse at 230 Princess St. , which they also converted into apartments and commercial space .
But that building -- now called The Edge on Princess -- was only four storeys , was in better shape , and only cost about $ 4 million to redevelop .
Asked why they would want to tackle a project as difficult as this one , Mark Hofer said they like the challenge and the prospect of succeeding where others have failed .
They also love the location .
The Avenue Building will likely be loosely patterned after The Edge .
They plan to use the same architectural firm -- 5468796 Architecture -- and the apartments will likely be similar in size and design ( open , loft - style ) .
Finding a new use for the the Avenue Building is one of the linchpins of a new " action plan " for Portage Avenue that CentreVenture hopes to unveil within the next few weeks .
McGowan said the next big projects on the agency 's to - do list are the redevelopment of the A & B Sound / Mitchell Copp buildings on Portage Avenue across from the MTS Centre , and the redevelopment of the former Metropolitan Theatre just south of Portage on Donald Street .
CentreVenture and the North Portage Development Corp. own the A & B Sound and Mitchell Copp buildings , and plan to redevelop the two as a single development , which will include both residential and commercial space .
" We 've got a few pieces there ... and we 're working on it , " McGowan said .
" We 're hoping by the end of June we should have a better idea of what we 're going to do there . "
CentreVenture sold the Met to the Canad Inns corporation , which plans to restore the 91 - year - old former movie theatre and convert it into " super - supper club " featuring food and beverages and entertainment .
McGowan said the hotel chain has already completed some exterior upgrades , and has a plan for restoring and redeveloping the interior .
But he was n't sure how soon that work will begin .
murray.mcneill@freepress.mb.ca
The plan for the Avenue Building
Details of the redevelopment of the Avenue Building :
Who 's doing it ?
Brothers Mark and Rick Hofer .
Rick is a developer and Mark owns a marketing agency ( Direct Marketing ) .
What are they doing ?
They plan to convert the former office building into apartments and commercial space .
There will likely be one or two retail or office tenants on the main floor , and a total of 59 bachelor and one - bedroom apartments on the other four floors .
The apartments will likely range in size from 400 to 600 square feet , and the rent will range from $ 750 to $ 900 per month .
How will they do it ?
With about $ 2 million worth of government assistance and $ 5 million of their own financing .
How long will the project take ?
About 18 months , with completion tentatively set for the fall of 2011 .
NEW ORLEANS — Should Republicans be the party of no ?
Or the party of yes ?
There was a hint of disagreement on that count as a parade of Republicans took the stage here on Friday at one of the largest party gatherings — Sarah Palin rallies not included — since the Republican National Convention two years ago .
With two key presidential contenders missing , the meeting had a more pressing purpose than for party stalwarts to catch an early glimpse of potential candidates for 2012 : A tryout for messages — and messengers — for the midterm election year and beyond as Republicans regroup and rebuild .
“ There is no shame in being the party of no , ” Ms. Palin said , making a rare matinee act alongside other Republicans , rather than a starring marquee role .
“ When they ’re proposing an idea that violates our values , violates our conscience , violates our Constitution , what ’s wrong with being the party of no ?
We ’re the party of hell no ! ”
Photo by Brooke Lark on Unsplash
Background
All the code is available at https://github.com/bulkan/queshuns
Since reading this post by Simon Willison I ’ve been interested in Redis and have been following its development .
After having a quick play around with Redis I ’ve been looking for a project to work on that uses Redis as a data store .
I then came across this blog post by Mirko Froehlich , in which he shows the steps and code to create a Twitter filter using Redis as the datastore and Sinatra as the web app .
This blog post will explain how I created queshuns.com in Python and the various listed tools below .
tweetstream - provides the interface to the Twitter Streaming API
CherryPy - used for handling the web app side , no need for an ORM
Jinja2 - HTML templating
j Query - for doing the AJAXy stuff and visual effects
redis-py - Python client for Redis
Redis - the “ database ” , look here for the documenation on how to install it
Retrieving tweets
The first thing we need to is retrieve tweets from the Twitter Streaming API .
Thankfully there is already a Python module that provides a nice interface called tweetstream .
For more information about tweetstream look at the Cheeseshop page for its usage guide .
Here is the code for the filter_daemon.py , which when executed as a script from the command - line will start streaming tweets from Twitter that contain the words “ why ” , “ how ” , “ when ” , “ lol ” , “ feeling ” and the tweet must end in a question mark .
Copy 1 import time 2 3 import redis 4 import tweetstream 5 6 from datetime import datetime 7 8 try : 9 import simplejson as json 10 except : 11 import json 12 13 14 class FilterRedis ( object ) : 15 16 key = " tweets " 17 r = redis .
Redis ( ) 18 r . connect ( ) 19 num_tweets = 20 20 trim_threshold = 100 21 22 def __init__ ( self ) : 23 self .
trim_count = 0 24 25 26 def push ( self , data ) : 27 self .
r . push ( self .
key , data , True ) 28 29 self .
trim_count += 1 30 if self .
trim_count >= self .
trim_threshold : 31 self .
r . ltrim ( self .
key , 0 , self .
num_tweets ) 32 self .
trim_count = 0 33 34 35 def tweets ( self , limit = 15 , since = 0 ) : 36 data = self .
r . lrange ( self .
key , 0 , limit - 1 ) 37 return [ json .
loads ( x ) for x in data if int ( json .
loads ( x ) [ ' received_at ' ] ) > since ] 38 39 40 if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : 41 fr = FilterRedis ( ) 42 43 words = [ " why " , " how " , " when " , " lol " , " feeling " ] 44 45 username = " your twitter username " 46 password = " password for twitter account " 47 48 with tweetstream .
TrackStream ( username , password , words ) as stream : 49 for tweet in stream : 50 if ' text ' not in tweet : continue 51 if ' @ ' in tweet [ ' text ' ] or not tweet [ ' text ' ] . endswith ( '? ' ) : 52 continue 53 fr . push ( json . dumps ( { ' id ' : tweet [ ' id ' ] , 54 ' text ' : tweet [ ' text ' ] , 55 ' username ' : tweet [ ' user ' ] [ ' screen_name ' ] , 56 ' userid ' : tweet [ ' user ' ] [ ' id ' ] , 57 ' name ' : tweet [ ' user ' ] [ ' name ' ] , 58 ' profile_image_url ' : tweet [ ' user ' ] [ ' profile_image_url ' ] , 59 ' received_at ' : time . time ( ) } 60 ) 61 ) 62 print tweet [ ' user ' ] [ ' screen_name ' ] , ':' , tweet [ ' text ' ] . encode ( 'utf - 8 ' )
In this script I define a class , FilterRedis which I use to abstract some methods that will be used by both filter_daemon.py and later by the web app itself .
The important part of this class is the push method , which will push data onto the tail of a Redis list .
It also keeps a count of items and when it goes over the threshold of 100 items , it will trim starting from the head and the first 20th elements ( or the oldest tweets ) .
The schema for the tweet data that gets pushed into the Redis list is a dictionary of values that gets jsonified ( we can probably use then new Redis hash type ) ;
Copy 1 { 2 " id " : " the tweet id " , 3 " text " : " text of the tweet " , 4 " username " : " " , 5 " userid " : " userid " , 6 " name " : " name of the twitter user " , 7 " profile_image_url " : " url to profile image " , 8 " received_at " : time.time ( ) 9 }
‘ received_at ’ is important because we will be using that to find new tweets to display in the web app .
Web App
I picked CherryPy to write the web application , because I wanted to learn it for the future when I need to write a small web frontends that dont need an ORM .
Also , CherryPy has a built - in HTTP server that is sufficient for websites with small loads , which I initially used to run queshuns.com it is now being run with mod_python .
For templating , I used Jinja2 because its similair in syntax to the Django templating language that I am familiar with .
The following is the code for questions_app.py which is the CherryPy application .
Copy 1 import time 2 import os 3 4 import cherrypy 5 import jinj a2 6 7 from filter_daemon import * 8 9 try : 10 import json 11 except : 12 import simplejson as json 13 14 from simplejson import JSONEncoder 15 encoder = JSONEncoder ( ) 16 17 def jsonify_tool_callback ( * args , ** kwargs ) : 18 response = cherrypy .
response 19 response .
headers [ ' Content - Type ' ] = ' application / json ' 20 response .
body = encoder .
iterencode ( response .
body ) 21 22 cherrypy .
tools .
jsonify = cherrypy .
Tool ( ' before_finalize ' , jsonify_tool_callback , priority = 30 ) 23 24 root_path = os .
path .
dirname ( __file__ ) 25 26 27 env = jinj a2 .
Environment ( loader = jinj a2 .
FileSystemLoader ( os . path .
join ( root_path , ' templates ' ) ) ) 28 def render_template ( template , ** context ) : 29 global env 30 template = env .
get_template ( template + '. jinja ' ) 31 return template .
render ( context ) 32 33 34 class Questions ( object ) : 35 _cp_config = { 36 ' tools.encode.on ' : True , 37 ' tools.encode.encoding ' : ' utf8 ' , 38 } 39 40 fr = FilterRedis ( ) 41 42 @cherrypy .
expose ( ) 43 def index ( self ) : 44 tweets = self .
fr . tweets ( since = 0 ) 45 return render_template ( ' index ' , tweets = tweets ) 46 47 @cherrypy .
expose ( ) 48 @cherrypy .
tools .
jsonify ( ) 49 def latest ( self , since , nt ) : 50 if not since : 51 since = 0 52 53 tweets = self .
fr . tweets ( limit = 5 , since = float ( since ) ) 54 return render_template ( ' tweets ' , tweets = tweets ) 55 56 if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : 57 cherrypy .
quickstart ( Questions ( ) )
The index ( method ) of the web app will get the all the tweets from Redis .
The other exposed
function is latest which accepts an argument since which is used to get tweets that are newer ( since is the latest tweets received_at value ) .
nt is used to create a different URL each time so that IE does n’t cache it .
This method returns JSON at .
The templates are located in a directory called templates :)
Here is the template for the root / index of the site ; index.
jinja
Copy 1 < html xmlns = " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " > 2 < head > 3 < title >
Queshuns </ title >
4 < script type = " text / javascript " src = " http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.3.2/jquery.min.js " > </ script > 5 </ head > 6 < body >
7 < script type = " text / javascript " > 8 function refreshTweets ( ) { 9 $ . getJSON ( ' / latest ' , { since : window .
latestTweet , nt : ( new Date ( ) ) .
getTime ( ) } , 10 function ( data ) { 11 $ ( ' # content ' ) . prepend ( data [ 0 ] ) ; 12 $ ( '.latest ' ) . slideDown ( ' slow ' , function ( ) { $ ( this ) .
removeClass ( ' latest ' ) ; } ) ; 13 $ ( ' # content div:gt ( 50 ) ' ) . remove ( ) ; 14 setTimeout ( refreshTweets , 10000 ) ; 15 } ) ; 16 } ; 17 18 $ ( function ( ) { setTimeout ( refreshTweets , 10000 ) ; } ) ; 19 </ script > 20 21 < div id = ' content ' > 22 { % for tweet in tweets %} 23 < div > 24 < h1 > < a href = " http://twitter.com/{{ tweet.username }}/status /{{ tweet.id }} " class = " more " > {{ tweet.username }} </ a > </ h1 > 25 < div >
26 < p > 27 < img height = 45 width = 48 src = " {{ tweet.profile_image_url }} " > 28 < span > {{ tweet .
text }} < span > 29 </ p > 30 </ div > 31 </ div > 32 { % endfor %} 33 </ div > 34 35 { % if tweets %} 36 < script type = " text / javascript " > 37 window .
latestTweet = { { tweets .
0 . received_at } } ; 38 </ script > 39 { % else %} 40 < script type = " text / javascript " > 41 window .
latestTweet = 0 ; 42 </ script > 43 { % endif %} 44 </ body > 45 </ html >
This template will be used to render a list of tweets and also assign the first tweets recieved_at value to a variable on the window object .
This is used by the refreshTweets function which will pass it on to / latest in a GET parameter .
refreshTweets will try to get new tweets and prepend it to the content div and then slide the latest tweets .
This is the template used to render the HTML for the latest tweets ;
Copy 1 { % if tweets %} 2 < div class = ' latest ' style =' display : none ; ' > 3 { % for tweet in tweets %} 4 < div > 5 < h1 > < a href = " http://twitter.com/{{ tweet.username }}/status /{{ tweet.id }} " class = " more " > {{ tweet.username }} </ a > </ h1 > 6 < div class = " entry " > 7 < p > 8 < img align = ' left ' height = 45 width = 48 src = " {{ tweet.profile_image_url }} " > </ img > 9 < span > {{ tweet.
text }} </ span >
10 </ p > 11 </ div > 12 </ div > 13 { % endfor %} 14 15 < script > 16 window .
latestTweet = { { tweets .
0 . received_at } } ; 17 </ script > 18 </ div > 19 { % endif %}
I explicitly set the the latest div to “ display : none ” so that I can animate it .
Now we should be able to run questions_daemon.py to start retrieving tweets then start questions_app.py to look at the web app .
On your browser go to https://localhost:8080/
and if everything went correctly you should see a list of tweets that update every 10 seconds .
Thats it .
Hope this was helpful .
Exercise is a magic drug for many people with depression and anxiety disorders , and it should be more widely prescribed by mental health care providers , according to researchers who analyzed the results of numerous published studies .
" Exercise has been shown to have tremendous benefits for mental health , " says Jasper Smits , director of the Anxiety Research and Treatment Program at Southern Methodist University in Dallas .
" The more therapists who are trained in exercise therapy , the better off patients will be . "
Smits and Michael Otto , psychology professor at Boston University , based their finding on an analysis of dozens of population - based studies , clinical studies and meta- analytic reviews related to exercise and mental health , including the authors ' meta- analysis of exercise interventions for mental health and studies on reducing anxiety sensitivity with exercise .
The researchers ' review demonstrated the efficacy of exercise programs in reducing depression and anxiety .
The traditional treatments of cognitive behavioral therapy and pharmacotherapy do n't reach everyone who needs them , says Smits , an associate professor of psychology .
" Exercise can fill the gap for people who can't receive traditional therapies because of cost or lack of access , or who do n't want to because of the perceived social stigma associated with these treatments , " he says .
" Exercise also can supplement traditional treatments , helping patients become more focused and engaged . "
The researchers presented their findings March 6 in Baltimore at the annual conference of the Anxiety Disorder Association of America .
Their workshop was based on their therapist guide " Exercise for Mood and Anxiety Disorders , " with accompanying patient workbook ( Oxford University Press , September 2009 ) .
For links to more information see www.smuresearch.com.
" Individuals who exercise report fewer symptoms of anxiety and depression , and lower levels of stress and anger , " Smits says .
" Exercise appears to affect , like an antidepressant , particular neurotransmitter systems in the brain , and it helps patients with depression re-establish positive behaviors .
For patients with anxiety disorders , exercise reduces their fears of fear and related bodily sensations such as a racing heart and rapid breathing . "
After patients have passed a health assessment , Smits says , they should work up to the public health dose , which is 150 minutes a week of moderate - intensity activity or 75 minutes a week of vigorous - intensity activity .
At a time when 40 percent of Americans are sedentary , he says , mental health care providers can serve as their patients ' exercise guides and motivators .
" Rather than emphasize the long - term health benefits of an exercise program -- which can be difficult to sustain -- we urge providers to focus with their patients on the immediate benefits , " he says .
" After just 25 minutes , your mood improves , you are less stressed , you have more energy -- and you 'll be motivated to exercise again tomorrow .
A bad mood is no longer a barrier to exercise ; it is the very reason to exercise . "
Smits says health care providers who prescribe exercise also must give their patients the tools they need to succeed , such as the daily schedules , problem - solving strategies and goal - setting featured in his guide for therapists .
" Therapists can help their patients take specific , achievable steps , " he says .
" This is n't about working out five times a week for the next year .
It 's about exercising for 20 or 30 minutes and feeling better today . "
Austin , Tex .
AUSTIN can’t claim taco primacy .
That category is too broad , encompassing too many variations in style .
When it comes to breakfast tacos , however , Austin trumps all other American cities .
Roberto Espinosa , proprietor of Tacodeli and the breakfast taco interpreter of the moment , espouses a slacker consumer theory of why Austin  a city thick with creative folk , techies , students and politicians  has embraced breakfast tacos .
“ People wake up at all hours of the day , ” Mr. Espinosa , a native of Mexico City , said as he served a taco , piled with scrambled eggs and drenched in a purée of russets and jalapeños that he calls Mexican mashed potatoes .
“ Maybe the first meal of their day comes at 11 in the morning , and maybe it comes at 2 in the afternoon , ” Mr. Espinosa said , as customers queued for migas tacos , bound with jack cheese .
“ They want a taco , and they want breakfast .
And a breakfast taco gets you both . ”
Henry Watkins “ Hank ” Skinner is scheduled to be executed on March 24 in Texas for the New Year ’s Eve 1993 murders of his girlfriend and her two grown sons .
But Northwestern University Journalism School ’s Medill Innocence Project contends there are enough holes in the Skinner case to ask for a postponement of his execution until DNA tests can be run on blood and other evidence collected at the scene of the crimes .
Skinner was in the Pampa , Texas , house where Twila Busby and her children were found bludgeoned and stabbed to death .
Skinner contends he was unconscious at the time of the murders after consuming vodka and codeine .
His conviction rested largely on the facts that he was present at the crime scene , had small spots of blood from two of the three victims on his shirt , and his neighbor and ex-girlfriend , Andrea Reed , testified that he admitted his guilt to her .
Reed recanted her testimony in 1997 , later telling the Medill Innocence Project she was pressured by police and prosecutors into fingering Skinner for the murders .
Furthermore , DNA evidence lifted from the crime scene — including blood off the murder weapons , skin taken from under Busby ’s fingernails and a rape test kit — have never been tested by a forensics laboratory .
Supporters of Skinner urge that a lab examine the DNA evidence before it ’s too late .
But Texas officials have refused to do so .
Chromosomal Laboratories in Phoenix , Arizona , has even offered to analyze the DNA for free .
- Noel Brinkerhoff
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 April 16
Bright Points on the Quiet Sun
Credit : J. Sanchez Almeida ( IAC ) , et al .
Explanation :
Up close , the solar surface is a striking patch work of granules in this very high resolution picture of the quiet Sun .
Caused by convection , the granules are hot , rising columns of plasma edged by dark lanes of cooler , descending plasma .
But the high - resolution view reveals that the dark lanes are dotted with many small , contrasting bright points .
Constantly present on the solar surface , the bright points do not seem to be related to sunspots that come and go with the magnetic solar cycle .
Nonetheless , the bright points are regions of concentrated magnetic fields and are bright because the magnetic pressure opens a window to hotter deeper layers below the photosphere .
For scale , the white bar at the lower left corresponds to 5,000 kilometers across the Sun 's surface .
The sharp , narrow - band image was recorded in September , 2007 using the Swedish Solar Telescope on the astronomical island of La Palma .
True knowledge of American history is necessary to insure the future of the America we love …
This is an important time in our country 's history .
We must be wise and measured as we choose our leaders going forward .
The first thing you have to do is to emotionally distance yourself from your home .
You absolutely must get a realistic assessment of your home .
It 's not difficult .
Call a half a dozen real estate agents and tell them you are thinking of selling your home and ask them what they would list it at .
They will give you their estimation based on comparable sales in the neighborhood as well as homes that your home will be competing with .
After you have looked at these comparable sales and listings take a drive ( if you are in the vicinity ) and see if there are any extenuating circumstances .
For example is one of the comparables located on a busy street while yours is nestled in the woods ?
Maybe one of the homes has an unfinished basement and yours does n't .
You must look at these comparables with the eyes of a buyer .
If you have any doubt as to your own objectivity then have you friends look at the comparables with you .
If there is a home that is very similar to yours and it is located right next door and it is listed for $ 225,000 you should list your home for $ 195,000 .
In this market you MUST be competitive .
Then , once you have come to a conclusion as to what the listed price should be take a weekend and completely spruce up the home .
Take all of the family photo's down and paint the walls they were on .
You do n't have to paint the entire house ( unless of course it really needs it ) but if you paint a few key areas it will make a big difference .
Do n't forget that you only have one chance to make a good first impression .
If buyers come through your home and see a bunch of garbage and clutter they will assume that the home has not been taken care of .
So spruce the place up !
Make sure the lawn is mowed , the flowers are blooming , all pink pelicans are removed , all pictures and clutter are removed and the beds are made at all times .
Also , do a sniff test , the only smells potential buyers should be smelling is the aroma of fresh baked bread or chocolate cookies just coming out of the oven .
OK , now you are read to advertise your property .
Take a few digital pictures and put them on Craigslist .
Make sure your pictures are nice , and that you have lots of them .
Do n't even think of putting an ad up on Craigslist without some wonderful pictures .
If you do n't have a camera borrow someones and have them take the pictures .
I was 3,000 miles away so I had a friend do this for me and email them to me .
Now put your ad on Craigslist and make sure to put in the heading the most important feature about the home in the title .
Is there a pool ?
Is there a mother - in - law suite ?
Whatever it is that sold you on the home put as the header .
Update the ad every other day or as much as possible so that it does n't get lost in a pile of old Craigslist ads .
People tend to look at the newer ads first .
Boom bei Wind und Solar Ökostrom verdrängt Atomenergie in Rekordzeit
Der Ausbau erneuerbarer Energien übertrifft alle Prognosen , schon jetzt werden Kernkraftwerke zum Teil ihren Strom nicht los .
Eine neue Studie zeigt , wie rasch der Bedarf an Atomstrom sinken könnte - ohne dass in Deutschland das Licht ausgeht .
Kush was one of the earliest civilisations in the Nile valley and , at first , was dominated by Egypt .
The Nubians eventually gained their independence and , at the height of their power , they turned the table on Egypt and conquered it in the 8th century BC .
STRUGGLING : Leonard Joseph says the stigma surrounding the rape charge has destroyed him .
A Mangakino man falsely accused of raping a 14 - year - old girl says the stigma is something he 'll never be able to shake .
Leonard Joseph , 42 , is a shattered man .
The pain and distress the ordeal have caused him and his family are evident on his face as he relives his " year of hell " .
Mr Joseph was last week acquitted at the High Court in Rotorua on all charges relating to the alleged rape of the 14 - year - old Mangakino girl in March , 2009 .
The charges he faced included abduction , forcibly taking a minor and rape .
The jury took just seven minutes to come back with a not guilty verdict following a five - day trial .
His mother , Shirley Joseph , broke down in tears as she described that day .
" I stood by my son 100 per cent all the way through this , " she said from her Tokoroa home .
" We have gone to hell and back .
I knew he was n't guilty . "
The married father of seven said the charges " destroyed him " and all the work he'd been trying to do for the Mangakino community .
He used to spend five nights a week helping the town 's youth by teaching kapa haka , hip hop and rugby league teams through a programme called Slam .
But that life came to an abrupt end when he was arrested and confined to his mother 's house on a 24 - hour curfew .
After a run-in with his accuser and her family he was remanded in custody .
He spent 17 weeks in Waikeria Prison before being released on electronic bail .
" That is just one charge you do n't want to go to jail for , " Mr Joseph said .
He goes silent for a moment , before describing how he was verbally threatened numerous times and watched as other men around him were beaten and raped .
" Mentally it destroys a person .
It almost killed me .
I used to be confident .
I 'm sure it will come back , but it 's going to take time .
I 'm afraid to even walk out on the street ; usually I just hide away . "
Mr Joseph claimed the girl falsely accused him of rape after the police caught her on her way to Tauranga in a car she had stolen from her parents .
She told police she had to leave Mangakino because Mr Joseph raped her .
" I went through a year of hell .
But what kept me sane was knowing that one day I 'd get her up on the stand .
I could n't say anything until we got to court . "
Not only did Mr Joseph suffer because of the lie , his family was also tainted .
Mr Joseph said women should think of the consequences before making such accusations .
" It 's not just one man that you are doing this to ... it affects everyone .
I would n't want any man to go through what I 've been through . "
Mr Joseph said he would like to see the girl charged but his barrister Jonathan Temm did n't think it was worth it .
Mr Joseph also had no desire to push for compensation , saying he wanted to put the ordeal behind him .
Mr Temm said the consequences for his client had been " horrific " .
He said sexual violation cases were not being looked at critically enough before they made it to court .
In Mr Joseph 's case the police had written statements from a couple who were asleep in the room at the same time the rape was alleged to have occurred , Mr Temm said .
" So the police knew her version , if not wrong , was at least seriously undermined .
" What happens in these cases is everyone is risk - averse .
No -one wants to exercise any discretion as to whether the case will proceed or not . "
The officer in charge of the case was not available for comment yesterday .
Last week the S&P 500 almost reached an impressive 80 percent gain from the red abyss seen in March of 2009 .
This puts this stock market rally up in the ranks of the strongest and fastest market turnarounds in history .
Yet on Friday news of Goldman Sachs betting on toxic mortgages sold to clients brought the market down as the SEC has finally decided to bring a civil suit forward .
Only took a full 27 months of the obvious .
The case against Goldman Sachs is a good representation of what our stock market has become especially when it comes to financial institutions and their gaming of the system .
Here you have a firm pushing toxic mortgage securities to their own clients yet at the same time , another division of the institutions is betting against the pool of securities because they know that it is junk .
This is the story of the current financial system .
What use is this really providing the market except enriching the most corrupt and elite financial institutions in the world ?
It is fitting that on the same week of the 80 percent rally point , we find out that last month the U.S. saw the largest number of foreclosure filings on record .
We also had many states , including the largest with California announcing a new record unemployment rate of 12.6 percent .
Do we need more evidence that the stock market does not reflect the health of Main Street ?
And people act shocked .
This is what happens when you inject $ 13 trillion into the financial sector on the backs of the American public .
Take a look at the power of this stock market rally :
Source : Chart of the Day
The 1932 stock market rally came after an 89 percent stock market collapse during the bottom of the depression .
The 1942 rally came because Europe was bombed into oblivion during World War II and we were producing war goods like crazy .
Those models do n’t seem to apply today .
The NASDAQ collapse is similar to the 1932 chart in that it fell approximately 80 percent from the peak .
Today , the stock market is only off by 24 percent from the massive bubble peak achieved in 2007 .
Yet what has changed ?
Not much actually in terms of the real economy .
Unemployment is still near the peak .
We have 40,000,000 Americans on food stamps .
Another 15 million are unemployed and another 9 million are working part - time but would like full - time work .
This is not a recovery but a clandestine embezzlement of wealth from the overall public , to a select few that are directly linked to Wall Street .
The above information only adds fuel to why 13 percent of the population thinks the economy is doing well :
Let us examine three ways the rich are enjoying the stock market rally while the overall economy is still mired in the pangs of recession .
Top 1 Percent Control 40 Percent of Financial Wealth
The first obvious reason for why the public is not feeling the enjoyment of the stock market rally is most Americans do n’t derive most of their income from stocks :
Source : William Domhoff
We have been bamboozled into believing that wealth is the person who has the most cars or the biggest homes .
But that is not necessarily true .
Many Americans bought homes that were too big with even bigger mortgages and many have lost those homes .
Many have been deceived that wealth is the person that drives the nicest car even if they live in a tiny 500 square foot apartment to pay that enormous lease .
True wealth is the actual power base of any economy and that comes from savings ( i.e. , capital stock , bonds , cash , etc ) .
And financial wealth is the absolute nucleus of power .
In the U.S. the top 1 percent control 42 percent of all financial wealth .
In other words , this 80 percent stock market rally only applies to the absolute tiniest segment of our population .
That is why even after a near 80 percent stock market rally , the vast majority of Americans have no faith in the economy .
Why should they ?
Most of those profits were brought by firing workers or squeezing productivity of those currently working while wages remain stagnant .
Yet this is somehow a recovery ?
It is n’t and the fact that only 13 percent think things are good is a reflection of this new darker economic reality .
This notion of wealth by getting into debt was followed by many :
So you might say that those that took on too much debt should get their comeuppance .
Many are through foreclosure and bankruptcy .
Yet that top 1 percent is n’t because they have political connections with the corporatocracy and have managed to swindle trillions of dollars from the public to backup their terrible bets .
You pay on both ends .
The top 1 percent gets away on both ends .
The reason this problem keeps on going unresolved is that Americans are sold the notion that you too can be the next Horatio Alger .
Just pull yourself up from your bootstraps .
Good companies strive and bad ones fail is the myth .
Yet we all know that is n’t true .
Most of the banks would be gone today because what they did was in fact financially stupid .
Yet we bailed them out .
It is a hypocritical version of capitalism .
Adam Smith would be turning in his grave if he saw what was going on today .
Housing Tax Breaks Benefit the Wealthy Disproportionately
Many do n’t want to say this but we have subsidized housing enough .
Housing is the most heavily subsidized industry in this country :
Source : CNN Money
We give more tax breaks with interest deductions on mortgage interest than any other item .
Now this sounds good because many people own homes .
Yet people fail to even examine the nuts and bolts of their taxes .
People forget that we have standard deductions and the actual housing deduction does not add much when all things are said and done .
Plus we have hidden costs that do n’t show up immediately through higher taxes and horrible bailouts .
Most Americans get a tiny benefit because most live with modest mortgages .
Yet the bulk of this benefit once again goes to the wealthiest in this country .
If you are paying $ 20,000 a month in interest on your mortgage do you think you can write more off than say someone who is writing off $ 800 a month ?
Who do you think wins here ?
Do the math .
If you think the rich pay just look at this list released by the California Franchise Tax Board of the 250 folks who have actually not paid their taxes .
Yet this is the way things get done by brainwashing the public with crumbs while the rich corrupt the system with gimmicks that are bankrupting our country .
It is actually irresponsible to continue giving maximum tax breaks while the country is massively in debt .
Why not cap the deduction to the median home price nationwide ?
That would be fair .
Or even cap it at $ 300,000 .
Either way , the current structure is merely a way of enriching the top 1 percent by allowing them to write - off giant mortgage interest from their income that many garner from gaming the Wall Street casino .
Going After Food Stamps and Unemployment Insurance
I ’ve noticed this absurd trend that started in the last few weeks of going after food stamps and unemployment insurance .
This is blatantly absurd and frankly , a disgrace .
We spent $ 53 billion last year for food assistance to 40,000,000 American families .
This works out to $ 1,325 per family for an entire year .
We spent that much in one month with the Federal Reserve propping up the mortgage market .
Unemployment insurance is keeping this recession from becoming the next depression and leading to a full blown revolution .
Yet some people in the media have the gall behind their teleprompter and their comfy corporate media gig to try to eliminate these programs and talk them down .
They argue that food stamps and unemployment insurance keep people unmotivated from looking for work .
Do they even realize that we have 6 people for every 1 job opening out there ?
The vast majority of Americans want to work but ca n’t find any work ( i.e. , look at Wall Street profits by slashing and burning American jobs ) .
Yet they talk and talk while their corporate advertisers keep them on the air so they can keep their makeup straight and help them enjoy monthly botox injections .
They really have no idea what is out there in the actual economy or the life that many average Americans are living .
Wall Street has polluted the current economy .
Most Americans do n’t buy the propaganda because all they need to do is look at their monthly paycheck .
Or all they need to do is talk with their family and neighbors .
Or all they need to do is look at their own retirement plans .
We better wake up and do it fast because the wealth is being transferred quick and with no mercy .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Sunday , April 25th 2010 , 1:12 AM EDT
To : Department of StateDate : 23 April 2010 Re : U.S. Climate Action Report 2010 .
5th ed .
Many states around the nation are trying to enact laws to restrict carbon emissions , and industries too numerous to mention have begun making changes hoping to be fully prepared to comply with laws they have n’t seen yet .
Congress is considering laws in hopes that they can avoid having EPA impose its own version of CO2 restrictions .
Before jumping on this bandwagon , we should be certain that we understand the science .
U.S. Climate Action Report 2010 , 5th ed. might be understood by some Americans to be the definitive word ; however nary a word in the report even pretends toestablish a link between CO2 and putative global warmingshow that the increase in CO2 concentration is due to human activity instead of natural causes ( such as natural warming of the oceans ) show that either an increase in CO2 concentration or an increase in temperature is , on balance , bad ( or worse than laws restricting CO2 emissions ) ordo any science whatsoever .
Despite screams to the contrary , a vast number of scientists dispute the findings of the IPCC .
Perhaps the Department of State believes that “ the science is settled . ”
If so , please let us know which of the two dozen models — see Fig. 1 showing a slight disagreement by a factor of 3000 among the models — settled the science so that all of the others can be thrown into the dustbin of failed science and de-funded .
Figure 1 : Graph from IPCC ’s Fourth Assessment Report , showing calculations by various models .
Note that the range of values spans a factor of 3,000 .
Like an ant crawling out an anthill and concluding that the world is made of 1 - millimeter rocks , global - warming activists have looked at the last three - millionths of one percent of the earth ’s climate history and made brash conclusions about climate , and especially their understanding of it .
They wax eloquent about results from computer models .
In the longer view --- see Fig. 2 — we see that the last million years or so are rather anomalous .
The highest CO2 concentrations during the last many ice ages and interglacials are lower than at any other time for the last 300 million years .
The dinosaurs lived when CO2 concentrations were 5 to 20 times as high as now .
Indeed , such large creatures could not survive without the very verdant conditions afforded by adequate plant food known as carbon dioxide .
Figure 2 : Carbon dioxide concentrations for the last 600 million years .
Points represent actual measurements ; lines represent computerized smoothings .
The most recent million years is in a very narrow strip to the left of the graph , with concentrations less than 400 ppmv .
The right - hand scale is in multiples of quaternary average .
That long history teaches us something else .
We have all been in an auditorium when somebody was testing out the sound system and there was a sudden screech owing to a “ tipping point ” wherein the amplified sound at the microphone was loud enough to be picked up and made louder yet .
If the people did not act immediately to cut the gain of the amplifier , and everybody just left the room and locked the door , the screech would persist forever if the power remained on .
This behavior , often called “ running to the rail ” by electronics folks , is characteristic of all positive feedback systems .
Once you reach the tipping point , there is no return .
If high levels of CO2 were to cause the earth to reach a tipping point , it would have done so a long time ago , and we would n’t be here talking about it .
All in all , there is a best policy to direct toward climate change , and that is to have the courage to do nothing .
We humans have precious little to do with climate .
When and where did you read anything from climate alarmists that said that humans are responsible for about 3 % of all CO2 emissions ?
When and where did you read anything from climate alarmists that said that warming oceans emit CO2 ?
When and where did the climate alarmists tell you about CO2 levels that were up to 20 times current levels when dinosaurs roamed the earth ?
When and where did alarmists tell you that the conditions they openly worry about have repeatedly happened without turning the earth into an oven ?
Nowhere and never , did you say ?
Perhaps you should consider that you have been deliberately misled .
Cheers , Howard Hayden
The Energy Advocatewww.energyadvocate.comVales
Lake Publishing , LLCwww.valeslake.com
OBAMA’S RESPONSE TO SCANDALOUS OBSTRUCTIONISM ….
It ’s not like Senate Republicans gave President Obama much of a choice .
The White House has sent dozens of qualified nominees to the Senate for key government posts .
If given up - or - down votes , the nominees would be confirmed , so Republicans have blocked votes at a rate unseen in American history .
Consider : at this point in Bush ’s presidency , there were five nominees pending on the Senate floor .
For Obama , the number is 77 .
The president had to decide whether to tolerate GOP obstructionism undermining the government ’s ability to function .
Obama made his perspective quite clear yesterday afternoon .
President Obama , making a muscular show of his executive authority just one day after Congress left for spring recess , said Saturday that he would bypass the Senate and install 15 appointees , including a union lawyer whose nomination to the National Labor Relations Board was blocked last month with the help of two Democrats .
Coming on the heels of Mr. Obama ’s big victory on health care legislation , Saturday ’s move suggests a newly emboldened president who is unafraid to provoke a confrontation with the minority party .
Just two days ago , all 41 Senate Republicans sent Mr. Obama a letter urging him not to appoint the union lawyer , Craig Becker , during the recess .
Mr. Obama ’s action , in defiance of the Republicans , was hailed by union leaders , but it also seemed certain to intensify the partisan rancor that has enveloped Washington .
“ The United States Senate has the responsibility to approve or disprove of my nominees , ” Mr. Obama said in a statement .
“ But if , in the interest of scoring political points , Republicans in the Senate refuse to exercise that responsibility , I must act in the interest of the American people and exercise my authority to fill these positions on an interim basis . ”
The full list of nominees to receive recess appointments is online here .
On average , the 15 nominees have waited seven months for an up - or - down vote , but Republicans have blocked them all , knowing that the will of the Senate would lead to their confirmation .
This was the first time Obama has made use of this power
The president said in a statement , “ I simply cannot allow partisan politics to stand in the way of the basic functioning of government . ”
It ’s worth fully appreciating the extent to which the president ’s move reflects deep animosity .
Kevin Drum explained the context of the National Labor Relations Board move , in particular .
Years ago , after Republicans filibustered a Carter nominee to the NLRB , the two parties made a deal : the board would have three appointees from the president ’s party and two from the other party .
So after he took office Obama nominated two Democrats and one Republican to fill the NLRB ’s three vacant seats and got support from a couple of Republicans on the HELP committee for the entire slate .
But when it got to the Senate floor John McCain put a hold on Becker , and his nomination — along with the others — died .
Fast forward to today and Obama finally decides to fill the board using recess appointments .
But what does he do ?
He only appoints the two Democrats .
This is not what you do if you ’re trying to make nice .
It ’s what you do if you ’re playing hardball and you want to send a pointed message to the GOP caucus .
You wo n’t act on my nominees ?
Fine .
I ’ll appoint my guys and then leave it up to you to round up 50 votes in the Senate for yours .
Have fun .
Again , the patient president seemed reluctant to go down this road , but petty Republicans just kept pushing .
Yesterday , Obama pushed back .
Here is a collection of different anime - and manga - style tutorials .
Some resources like photoshop brushes and references are also included for you to download .
Have fun !
Anime CG Tutorial
A tutorial from base sketch scanning to final colored anime illustration using photoshop and a japanese illustration program called SAI .
Chibi-Style Drawing
This is a mega tutorial of drawing and coloring of chibi- style anime .
It also shows some commonly used chibi- style expressions for your reference .
How to Draw and Color Anime Eyes
The tutorials below shows how to draw and color anime eyes .
These tutorials are intended for Photoshop use as well as Sai .
One is a vector tutorial using Illustrator .
Sketching
This tutorial show you how to do some sketching , scanning to finalizing a lineart or raw drawing ready for coloring using photoshop .
Skin Coloring and Shading
Tutorials for Skin and Lip coloring and shading .
Folds in Clothing , Coloring and Shading
These tutorials shows everything about clothing illustration .
Included are tips and techniques on coloring and shading .
Manga Tutorial
A manga tutorial that shows ste - by - step from tips on drawing line - art to finish .
Hair Coloring
This tutorial is about coloring the hair using OpenCanvas software .
Digital Manga Illustration
This tutorial shows you how to draw a manga style illustration with mixing fashion style .
You can download the entire tutorial for free .
Plus you can download the support files as well .
Vector Coloring
This tutorial shows techniques in coloring a vector anime character .
How To Draw Hands
The following tutorials shows how to draw hands from basic drawing to more poses .
This tutorial also explains some anatomy of the hand and what hands are fit to a character .
Manga Backgrounds Using Real Photos
This tutorial teaches on how to make backgrounds using real photos by editing using Photoshop .
This saves a lot of time if making a manga since backgrounds are not made from scratch .
Digital Manga
Digital manga tutorial explaining different elements involved in making a manga .
Hair Brushes
Eye Brushes
Anime and Manga Eyes Reference
A prominent Roman Catholic bishop in Mexico blamed eroticism on television and internet pornography for child abuse by priests , in the latest incendiary comments on sex scandals in the church .
" With so much invasion of eroticism , sometimes it 's not easy to stay celibate or to respect children , " Bishop Felipe Arizmendi said during an annual meeting of Mexican bishops near Mexico City on Thursday ( local time ) .
" If on television and on the internet and in so many media outlets there is pornography , it is very difficult to stay pure and chaste , " said Bishop Arizmendi , an influential bishop from the colonial town of San Cristobal de las Casas in southern Mexico .
The timing of his comments comes as Pope Benedict turned 83 on Friday and the Catholic hierarchy has been rattled by revelations of sexual abuse scandals in parishes around the world .
It also follows several controversial comments made by Catholic clergy , including on Monday when the Vatican 's secretary of state , Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , said priest paedophilia was linked to homosexuality not celibacy .
" Many psychologists and psychiatrists have shown that there is no link between celibacy and paedophilia , but many others have shown , I have recently been told , that there is a relationship between homosexuality and paedophilia , " he told a news conference in Santiago , Chile .
Mexico is home to the world 's second - largest Roman Catholic population after Brazil and the country has been rocked by its own share of allegations against Catholic leaders .
- Reuters
" Surely one of the hundreds of economists on the Fed staff could have explained to him that the long rate is the sum of the current and expected future short - term rates .
If long - term rates are too low , jack up short - term rates more aggressively rather than in quarter - point increments .
He ca n’t plead not - guilty . "
For the umpteenth ( I lost count ) time , Greenspan tries to deny that he was at fault for the U.S. housing bubble .
Since he does n't advance any new arguments , and since I 've already refuted the old arguments he now repeats , I 'll simply link to that refutation .
See also Caroline Baum 's recent column on the subject .
Most embarrasing to Greenspan is arguably his failure to understand ( or his claim to not understand it ) the link between short - term and long - term rates .
As Baum puts it : This point should have been obvious to even casual observers .
Why else would long - term Australian interest rates have been around 6 % and Japanese interest rates around 1 % , despite much bigger deficits and government debts in Japan ?
Clearly none of the global factors that Greenspan harps about can explain this , since both Australia and Japan are on this planet and both have free capital movements .
How To Migrate Apple iTunes From One Computer To Another
As innovative Apple is , they are also control freaks .
From limiting Flash support in the iPhone and iPod touch , to approving each and every app in iTunes , Apple takes micro management to a whole new level .
Nothing gets done in Apple Land without their approval .
Unfortunately , they also have a very bad habit of hiding everything behind the veil of user - friendliness .
There is no doubt that Apple excels in developing very user - friendly interfaces .
You do n't have to worry about all the nitty gritty details that users of other operating systems have to fuss over .
Apple takes care of all that for you , but only as long as you follow exactly what Apple wants you to do .
The moment you step off the reservation , you are on your own .
This " my way or the highway " attitude makes it especially difficult for those who want to migrate your iTunes account :
from one computer to another , or
after upgrading to a new hard disk drive , or
after formatting your hard disk drive and installing a new operating system .
You can always install iTunes in your new computer ( or hard disk drive ) and authorize it .
However , you will need to remember all the app and music purchases you made and redownload them from the iTunes Store .
If you already have a massive collection of several thousand apps and songs , you can imagine how daunting the task would be .
Apple offers just two solutions :
transfer purchases from your iPod or iPhone , or
back up the entire library to CD or DVD .
Transferring purchases using the iPod or iPhone is the easiest method , provided you have a small library of apps and songs that can be synced entirely into the iPod or iPhone .
However , if your library contains more apps and songs that your iPod or iPhone can store , you are out of luck .
Your other option would be to back up your iTunes library into CDs or DVDs .
That may have been the state - of - the - art option in the early 2000s , but in this age of portable hard disk drives and flash drives , who uses DVDs anymore ?
They are slow to write and you will need several DVDs to store all your iTunes Store purchases .
Fortunately , we found a simpler and faster way of migrating your iTunes account and files .
Using our method , you can migrate your entire iTunes library to a new computer or a new hard disk drive , and have it work as if nothing has changed .
Best of all , you can do it in less time than it takes for you to back up your iTunes library to DVDs !
What Do You Require ?
The only thing you really need to prepare is a suitable transfer medium .
Forget about CDs and DVDs .
You want to do it quick and easy , get a portable USB hard disk drive or a large USB flash drive .
How much storage space you need depends on the number of apps and songs you have in your iTunes library .
Take for example , my collection of just over 500 apps .
They take up about 8 GB of storage space .
That averages out to 16 MB per app , although this is a massive simplification as some apps are over 100 MB in size while others are less than 1 MB in size .
Still , you can use this as a rough yardstick to figure out how much storage space you will need for the move .
If you purchased music from the iTunes Store , allocate about 8 MB per song .
If you have 400 songs , you will need about 3 GB .
Do n't forget to also allocate space for your video clips too !
To be safe , you should prepare at least 10 - 20 GB of storage space .
A portable USB hard disk drive would be the best option .
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
Natural Skin Care – Natique Skin Care System
Posted on March 9 , 2010 .
Filed under : Personal Care | Tags : acne , breakouts , cleanser , dryskin , firming lift , lotion , natique , night essential complex , oily skin , Personal Care , shaving , skincare , Vitamark , whiteheads |
The most comprehensive skin care system on the market today .
This four component set for women and men contains all of the essentials — vitamins A , D , and E , aloe vera , chamomile and natural oils — that work together to cleanse , soothe and nourish your skin .
Natique Skin Care , available exclusively from Vitamark International , embodies a revolutionary skin care technique that is the result of more than half a century of historical research .
Natique works in complete harmony with nature to clean , condition , nourish and protect the skin .
When used properly , Natique produces healthy skin that glows with vitality .
The Natique 4 Step Natural Look Skin Care Program has been specifically formulated both for men and women ’s skin .
The secret to success with Natique is to follow the directions .
To receive maximum benefits , be sure to use Natique twice daily — once in the morning and again in the evening .
You ’ll soon discover the wonderful difference Natique can make in the health and appearance of your skin .
Formulated both for men and women ’s skin
Works in complete harmony with nature
contains vitamins A , D , and E , aloe vera , chamomile and natural oils
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Make a Comment
When one sees an obviously grotesque action by the agents of one ’s government and speaks out about it , one can count on being immediately labeled with whatever epithet is convenient to prevent any scrutiny of the state ’s activities .
On Monday , April 5 , 2010 , WikiLeaks published a classified Apache helicopter gunsite video of a shooting incident in which two Reuters reporters and several unarmed civilians were killed .
The shooting occurred in 2007 .
Shortly after the reporters were killed , the military claimed it had no knowledge of how it had happened or how two children in a car being used to bring survivors to safety were injured .
Reuters attempted to get the video via FOIA requests , which were denied for “ national security ” reasons .
WikiLeaks somehow obtained a copy of this video through one of its sources .
The Army has put WikiLeaks on its personal enemies list and calls it a “ threat to national security . ”
While the video is extremely disturbing , the people at WikiLeaks have done the American people a great service .
The video makes it clear that the military blatantly lied about facts and evidence it possessed even when it was claiming it had none .
It opens with a shot of eight to 10 men ( alleged by a voice on the tape to be 40 men ) casually walking along a neighborhood street in Baghdad , Iraq .
It appears as if there are two men in the group carrying rifles by their straps .
As the main body of the group crosses the street , these two men hang back as if they might be security personnel .
Hired by the reporters perhaps ?
Thus , the initial claim we hear on the video soundtrack , that there are men with AK - 47s , can be debated .
Maybe those are rifles , maybe they are not .
What is n’t debatable is the posture of the men carrying them .
They do not threaten , brandish , or even look up at the helicopter (s ) flying overhead , nor do they act as if they are doing something which requires disguising .
They are n’t engaging in “ suspicious ” behavior at all .
It is broad daylight , a military helicopter is overhead , and they do not attempt to hide or keep their weapons , if that is in fact what they were carrying , out of view .
Somebody in the aircraft at this point requests permission to “ engage , ” and it is almost immediately given based only on the information that has been relayed , some of which is clearly false .
One of the most illuminating elements of the recording is that no follow - up questions by superior officers are asked at all – nothing like “ Are they threatening anyone ? , " which would seem to be a pertinent question given the superiority of firepower and armor the Apache helicopter and its crew enjoy compared to what appear to be a couple of civilians with AK - 47 rifles .
When the helicopter passes behind a building , in front of which gathers the victims , a person communicating from the helicopter claims that somebody has just let loose with an RPG .
Yet when the helicopter comes back around to the front of the building , not only do we not see any of the telltale smoke one would expect from such a launch , but the eight or so men milling around on the sidewalk are n’t even looking up at the aircraft .
Nor are they looking toward the “ shooter , ” wherever he may have been .
Nobody is ducking behind buildings or even looking at the helicopter at all , in spite of the fact that it is obviously just overhead .
And within moments , as soon as the gunner on the Apache can get a clear shot , he lets loose with a burst from the Apache ’s 30 mm chain gun , which shoots some 10 rounds per second .
For those who are n’t aware , the 30 mm is not designed as an anti-personnel weapon but as an armor - piercing weapon .
The diameter of the round is over an inch .
Whereas a .50 caliber machine gun round will take off a limb , the 30 mm round will obliterate an entire body .
After the initial hail of canon fire , the lone survivor can be seen struggling to get up , and a discussion ensues over whether there will be any attempt to reach for a weapon .
The general consensus is a desire that he do this so another salvo can be launched .
But the man in question has no weapon at all .
Sometime later a dark van approaches the survivor , and a few men get out and attempt to place the man in the van .
This appears to enrage the soldiers , and in spite of the fact that this activity poses no threat to our beleaguered pilots , they beg once again for authorization and receive it , no questions asked .
When the rounds are let loose , we get a spectacular view of their utility as the van is visibly moved sideways by the force of the rounds striking it .
The video also shows us without a doubt that the military knew within minutes how the two children were injured in spite of the lies it issued later .
Soldiers arriving on the ground can be heard reacting to the discovery of the two injured children in the van by remarking , " Well , it ’s their fault for bringing their kids into a battle . "
The response : “ That ’s right ! ”
It would be very easy to allow oneself to resort to hatred after seeing a one - sided fish - in - a - barrel shooting spree described as a “ battle ” by soldiers surveying the scene , but I am not sure this is an appropriate reaction for somebody sitting on this side of the conflict .
Instead , I ’m led to question how it is that soldiers can act in this way with complete confidence that they are justified .
When this nation was founded , the architects were terribly suspicious of standing armies .
They had good reason .
Standing armies are nothing more than bureaucracies to administer death and destruction .
Their sole purpose is to indoctrinate and train soldiers to kill , without question , anyone in their path .
Whereas the citizen militia member spends most of his time in productive endeavors and is called upon only when the situation is dire enough to warrant it , a soldier in the standing army is idle most of the time and itches to go and act upon all of that training and indoctrination .
To compound this problem , the legislature and executive will , without strenuous restraint , find some way to scratch that itch , justified or not .
It is exactly the situation in which we find ourselves at this moment , engaged in two open wars that have no objective moral or legal justification but are rationalized by pundits , politicians , and citizens alike .
So what do we expect soldiers to do when they ’re deployed overseas while being told that the killing they perform is , in spite of what their conscience might whisper , the liberation of the nations they have invaded , conquered , and occupied ?
What are they to think when at every furlough , they are treated to a hero ’s welcome and told that anyone who opposes what they do is un-American or even traitorous ?
They are told , and often tell others because many of them actually believe it , that they are fighting for the freedoms of all Americans .
However , they provide misery and death to Iraqis and Afghans , two things which cannot possibly promote freedom .
Case in point .
Since the official Iraq “ war ” was declared “ mission accomplished , " U.S. soldiers have been systematically disarming the Iraqi people by executing house - to - house warrantless searches and seizures .
This is , by definition , tyranny .
Prior to the arrival of U.S. forces , Saddam Hussein and his government allowed Iraqi citizens to own , possess , and carry fully automatic weapons .
The U.S. government decided that in order to provide “ security ” ( for whom ? ) it must confiscate these citizen ’s firearms , leaving them defenseless against criminals of every stripe .
There are a plethora of war supporters who have openly stated that such activity , if performed in their neighborhood , would provoke open , armed rebellion by themselves and those who think like them .
But these same war supporters have n’t even blinked in protest over the same behavior by the so - called heroes and liberators of Iraq and Afghanistan .
Do we think that the soldiers who are carrying out such orders are n’t damaged in very significant ways by this obvious contradiction ?
What person who left our shores with any knowledge of our Second Amendment and its necessity could engage in the behavior such a protection was designed to prevent without being profoundly , morally damaged by the experience ?
What would a person have to do to reconcile the obvious moral dilemma this creates ?
How does one take an oath to defend the Constitution , disarm innocent people by force , and then convince himself he has fulfilled his oath ?
Some simply can’t .
While there is n’t a great deal of information on the details ( the military bureaucrats are busy covering up as much about it as they can ) , the number of active - duty U.S. military personnel committing suicide is alarming .
Over 400 have done so since 2003 .
But there is another thing we must consider : the effect upon our society of these returning troops .
While one cannot broad - brush the entire military by the actions of the soldiers captured on this video , a large number of them have been involved in the occupation of countries that posed no credible threat to the United States .
Many have been involved in the house - to - house gun-confiscation program in Iraq .
If there has been any mass objection within the ranks to this blatant program of tyranny , I certainly have n’t caught wind of it .
Even if we could get them home and out of harm ’s way , what sort of citizens have we created ?
If one were to judge by the number of news stories relating violent crimes involving Iraq war veterans , our ability to reintegrate them back into society looks pretty bleak .
Nearly 1 in 5 suffer from PTSD , and many are crippled or suffer from serious brain injuries .
The common thread among war supporters in the media can be charitably described as insincere .
It is easy to boast that U.S. soldiers are blameless , unerring freedom fighters who have again defended ourfreedoms .
It is much harder to drop the sickening patronization and face the damage that will be felt by veterans and civilians alike for the next generation .
When many come home to jobs in our towns and cities as law enforcement agents , how will they treat the citizens in their jurisdiction ?
Will every civilian be viewed with the same amount of suspicion , distrust , and callousness shown the Iraqi civilians ?
Will the veterans escalate to violence at the slightest hint of protest because they have been encouraged to do this in Iraq ?
There is a certain “ conservative ” slogan I often see and hear when morality and politics are argued : “ Hate the sin , love the sinner . ”
If those who claim to do so really loved our soldiers and really loved liberty , they ’d bring the troops home immediately , providing each and every one mental health support , deprogramming , and heartfelt apologies .
It has been the American people who praised the troops for behavior we would never tolerate here .
The troops ’ superiors demanded they follow orders without question and then covered up when some of them engaged in criminal behavior , in direct contradiction to the oaths they swore to uphold .
There are still criminals who need to be brought to justice .
This is n’t just for our own protection – our society can’t afford to have cold - blooded murderers lionized and taught that their behavior is acceptable – but also to ease the suffering of those in Iraq who deserve justice for the crimes committed against them .
Perhaps , if we finally did the right thing , we would create friends rather than enemies .
For these reasons , we need to not only prosecute the soldiers and officers involved in this incident , but also the criminal politicians who lied to the world about the reasons we attacked Iraq .
If they were tried by citizens of this country , it would send the most authentic message to the world that the citizens of the U.S. are serious about the principles we claim to hold dear .
However , an extradition to the Hague would be an acceptable alternative .
If we let what has occurred stand without any justice , we will reap what we have sown .
Der baden - württembergische CDU - Fraktionschef Peter Hauk hat die Abgeordneten seiner Partei vor einer Teilnahme am Internetportal Abgeordnetenwatch gewarnt .
Vorgehensweise und " vermeintliche " Transparenz des Angebots seien " sehr fragwürdig " , erklärte Hauk in Stuttgart .
Vor der Freischaltung des Angebots zum baden - württembergischen Landtag habe es mit einem Großteil der Abgeordneten keine Abstimmung gegeben .
Auch Angaben zu ihm seien " weitestgehend falsch " .
Er werde seiner Fraktion vorläufig empfehlen , etwaige Fragen auf der Seite nicht zu beantworten .
Die Betreiber widersprachen Hauks Kritik .
Das Informationsportal Abgeordnetenwatch will nach eigenem Anspruch mehr Transparenz in Bundes - und Landespolitik schaffen
" Wir haben am 22 .
April alle Abgeordneten angeschrieben und sie um Überprüfung ihrer Daten gebeten " , sagte der Seitengründer Gregor Hackmack .
Dazu seien die E - Mail - Adressen der Landtags - Homepage benutzt worden .
Jeder habe eine Woche lang seine Daten korrigieren können .
Hackmack räumte aber ein , dass beim ehemaligen Landwirtschaftsminister Hauk der " a.D. " - Vermerk hinter seinem Ministerposten gefehlt habe , das sei jedoch richtiggestellt .
Seit Donnerstag sind auf dem partei- und unternehmensunabhängigen Portal alle Landtags - Parlamentarier freigeschaltet .
Fragen der Bürger werden von Moderatoren auf Sachlichkeit geprüft und können danach öffentlich beantwortet werden .
Auch das Verhalten bei namentlichen Abstimmungen kann bis 2006 zurückverfolgt werden .
In den Augen von Fraktionschef Hauk ist das alles unnötig : Die Internetseiten des Landtags , von der Fraktion und persönliche Mailanfragen der Bürger reichten aus , um den direkten Draht mit Abgeordneten zu suchen .
Über Hauks Ablehnung sei er " erschrocken " , erklärte Seitenbetreiber Hackmack .
Bereits im vergangenen Landtagswahlkampf hätten im damals noch befristet eingerichteten Angebot die Kandidaten rund drei Viertel aller Fragen beantwortet .
Pro Monat besuchen nach Hackmacks Angaben bundesweit bis zu 300 000 Besucher die Seite .
Das baden - württembergische Angebot wird derzeit von der Landeszentrale für Politische Bildung , dem Verein " Mehr Demokratie " und privaten Spenden finanziert . ( jk )
European stocks plummeted on Tuesday after ratings agency Standard & Poor 's downgraded Greece 's sovereign debt to junk status and cut Portugal 's long - term credit score , fuelling fears of a spreading debt crisis .
Advertising Read more
AFP - European stock markets and the euro sank on Tuesday amid growing fears that the Greek debt crisis will spread to other weak eurozone countries , with Portugal now in the firing line .
" It can really be summed up in one word -- contagion , " said CMC Markets analyst Michael Hewson .
The markets fell after Standard & Poor 's , a leading international ratings agency , downgraded Greek sovereign debt to junk status and cut Portugal 's long - term credit score by two notches .
The London stock market dived 2.61 percent , the Frankfurt DAX sank 2.73 percent and the CAC 40 in Paris plunged by 3.82 percent .
The Lisbon stock market sank by 5.36 percent and Athens plunged six percent .
The euro , which has been rocked for months over the debt drama in Greece , plunged again against the US and Japanese currencies , falling to 1.3250 dollars from 1.3378 dollars a day earlier and to 123.46 yen from 125.72 on Monday .
Greece urged European governments to stop dragging their feet and quickly activate a multi-billion - euro bailout , warning that the country could no longer raise funds and desperately needed the money to pay debt due in three weeks .
" Given our inability to access the markets , by ( May 19 ) the procedure must be complete , agreed , signed and the release of funds initiated from the IMF and our European peers , " Papaconstantinou told Socialist deputies .
The eurozone country was hit by a new credit downgrade as S&P lowered its long - term sovereign credit ratings to BB + from BBB + and its short - term ratings to B from A - 2 .
" We believe that the government 's policy options are narrowing because of Greece 's weakening economic growth prospects , at a time when pressures for stronger fiscal adjustment measures are rising , " S&P said .
The agency also downgraded Portugal 's long - term credit rating to " A - " from A + " and its short - term rating to " A - 2 " from " A - 1 " , saying fiscal and economic structural weaknesses put it in a " weak position " to fix public finances .
The two eurozone countries also suffered on the bond market , where the interest rate demanded by investors to hold Greek and Portuguese debt rose sharply .
The yield on Greek 10 - year bonds surged to 9.73 percent -- a rate worse than some emerging economies -- and the return for Portuguese papers rose to more than 5.6 percent from 5.197 percent .
" Greece 's fiscal problems , and the market 's lack of confidence in dealing with them , are spilling over to other countries seen as having a kindred fiscal spirit , " said Patrick O'Hare at Briefing.com .
Greece has asked the European Union and International Monetary Fund to activate a three - year rescue package worth up to 45 billion euros ( 60 billion dollars ) in the first year .
However , the bailout is shrouded in uncertainty , with Germany insisting that Athens must first demonstrate how it plans to get its public finances in order before it gets the money .
" It is still the uncertainty surrounding this Greece bailout , " added Spreadex trader David Rees .
To compound matters , the EU / IMF rescue package may not be enough to resolve the wider problem of debt , according to VTB Capital economist Neil MacKinnon .
" The markets are worried that any fresh EU / IMF package to cover Greece ’s funding needs in the short term are not enough to resolve the problem of worsening debt sustainability , " MacKinnon told AFP .
" Double digit interest rates and triple - digit debt levels are a recipe for debt restructuring and eventual default . "
The Greek debt crisis also unnerved Wall Street , with the Dow Jones Industrial Average sliding 1.24 percent , Nasdaq shedding 1.44 percent and the Standard & Poor 's 500 index declining 1.57 percent ) .
In Asia , risk - averse investors mostly shrugged off upbeat earnings reports and stronger - than - expected growth in South Korea 's economy to take profits Tuesday after the previous day 's strong gains .
Markets also awaited the outcome from the US central bank 's two - day policy - setting meeting , which was to begin Tuesday , for its assessment for recovery in the world 's largest economy .
Hong Kong fell 1.51 percent , Shanghai tumbled 2.07 percent , while Tokyo picked up from earlier lows to end 0.42 percent higher .
Daily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe
The harshest jokes are the ones that are n’t jokes at all .
— –
Since it ’s April Fools ’
Day , I am afraid that anything I say about a magical day of free pizza and friendship will sound too good to be true , so I will just link to the Buttersafe Expo page and the forums where you can discuss it and leave it at that !
- Alex
why we need to return to the moon
It would be nothing short of self - sabotage not to use the Moon as a dress rehearsal for deep space missions and a hub for future astronauts .
Imagine a place where the conditions are just as harsh and brutal as we would encounter on other planets , a place with low gravity , a solid foundation for sprawling , inflatable bases , and a perfect platform for testing new technologies to be used for space exploration .
And should something go wrong , Earth is just a couple of days away so crews could execute a hasty retreat to the safety of their home planet if the situation calls for it .
I ’d ask where we could find this nearly ideal proving ground but then again , the title of this post sort of gives away the answer .
If we stop to consider what settling on the Moon can do for our space exploration programs , the often heard attitude of “ been there done that ” in regards to our natural satellite seems rather short - sighted , trapped in the Cold War mentality of traveling to other worlds solely for the sake of flag planting and national prestige .
Going back to the Moon simply to plant another flag would indeed be a waste of time , money and effort since it does n’t offer anything new either scientifically or technologically to either NASA or us .
However , if we wanted to establish the first extraterrestrial outpost specifically to see if we could live and work beyond Earth ’s orbit , this would make the Moon a much more attractive destination .
Consider an ISS but in the form of a rapidly growing network of artificial habitats and hydroponic farms , and hopefully without the political and financial quagmires keeping the station from working at full capacity .
Of course , the price tag for an endeavor like this would be quite daunting as we ’ve discussed before , but the payoff over the long term would be well worth it .
Just think of the technology for building portable infrastructures in pristine , alien deserts we could test , the incredible radio astronomy we could do on the dark side of the Moon , the vacation destinations we could build to actually make money from space exploration , along with the kind of services we ’d need to provide to make travel to the newly built lunar outposts easier .
We could learn how to live on another world while barely leaving the comfort of Earth , with help or a safe heaven just 236,000 miles away , the cosmic equivalent of next door .
But all these tests would n’t be just for show or an inspirational public relations campaign .
No , the devices that would create a portable , scalable energy grid could be brought back to Earth and scaled up to serve an entire region where building power lines and massive power plants would be far too cost prohibitive and risky with a conventional approach .
Even wealthy countries could benefit from moving to portable , more manageable , and almost certainly more efficient energy grids .
Space tourism could generate thousands of jobs , selling space in lunar habitats and observatories to wealthy tourists , corporations , government agencies , and universities .
And having lunar hangars where craft roughly six times bigger than anything which could be launched from Earth may be assembled , can pave the way to safer , more comfortable , and efficient means for interplanetary travel .
The Moon should n’t be an afterthought of the Cold War to be neglected based on the impact of flag planting missions .
It should , and can be , our launching pad into living and working in the most hostile and alien environments we can find .
The lessons we can learn would enable us to travel to Mars and far beyond in larger , better equipped , cheaper , and more sustainable vehicles partially financed by those who want to benefit from massive R&D projects and turn the technology back into real world applications .
This is why the strategy outlined by Obama is n’t going to get us very far .
It ignores just how much is left to be done on our nearest cosmic neighbor and how it can equip us to take the kind of bold steps envisioned back at the dawn of the Space Age .
Hopping around asteroids and coming up with a Martian mission from scratch to be done sometime in the intermediate future is n’t going to help us have a sustainable , manned exploration program .
We ’ll plant a flag and go home at best , turning the kinds of momentous occasions which should be used for profound lunges forward in technology and science into PR stunts .
How does this approach help our species ?
How does it help us sustain our gains ?
A viable space exploration strategy should not be based on big moments and firsts , but on developing consistent , reliable technology that builds on the gains of previous missions in a condensed timeline given to reach a specific destination .
This is exactly how NASA was able to reach the Moon right on schedule while the PR - obsessed Soviet Union could n’t make it past Earth orbit …
CIUDAD DE M�XICO | Martes 30 de marzo de 2010
Ramiro Alonso | El Universal
18:31
La Procuradur�a Federal del Consumidor ( Profeco ) sancion � a la empresa Genomma Lab con 2.5 millones de pesos por difundir publicidad falsa de su producto Shampoo Ma Evans Color Infinito , y orden� a la compa��a retirar la publicidad de televisi�n abierta .
De acuerdo con el organismo , la publicidad del shampoo afirma que el producto es pionero en regeneraci�n capilar , ayuda a fortalecer las fibras capilares para evitar que se caiga el cabello , as� como mantener la intensidad de un tinte hasta tres veces m�s tiempo a trav�s de un ingrediente denominado Capilar Protect .
" Sin embargo , todo lo anterior no fue demostrado ante la Profeco , a pesar de que se requiri� a Genomma Lab los sustentos t�cnicos y cient�ficos para hacer estas afirmaciones " , seg�n el informe .
El Laboratorio Nacional de Protecci�n al Consumidor inform � que el caso de Genomma Lab se consider� particularmente grave , debido a que la campa�a del producto en cuesti�n se bas� en afirmaciones falsas y denigr� otros productos utilizados com�nmente por los consumidores .
Genomma Lab es una de las empresas de mayor crecimiento en la industria de productos farmac�uticos , OTC y productos para el cuidado personal en M�xico , al final del cuarto trimestre la empresa report� ventas por mil 666.3 millones de pesos , as� como un Ebitda de 493.34 millones de pesos .
Lo anterior , equivale a crecimientos de 125.7 % y 123.1 % en ventas y Ebitda , respectivamente , de acuerdo con analistas de IXE Grupo Financiero .
El crecimiento acumulado para el 2009 result� de 68.0 % en ventas y 63.0 % en Ebitda , de acuerdo con los analistas .
elc
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Google Inc has developed a prototype for a new mirror technology that could cut by half the cost of building a solar thermal plant , the company ’s green energy czar said on Friday .
Bill Weihl said that if development and testing go well , he could see the product being ready in one to three years .
“ Things have progressed , ” Weihl said in an interview .
“ We have an internal prototype . ”
Google has been looking at unusual materials for the mirror ’s reflective surface and the substrate on which the mirror is mounted .
In solar thermal technology , the sun ’s energy is used to heat a substance that produces steam to run a turbine .
Mirrors focus the sun ’s rays on the heated substance .
The Internet search engine company , which has been investing in companies and doing research of its own to produce affordable renewable energy , wants to cut the cost of making heliostats , the fields of mirrors that track the sun .
“ There is a decent chance that in a small number of years , we could have a 2 - X reduction in cost , ” he said .
Global companies are increasingly investing in green technology as the world grapples with global warming and governments strive to implement regulations that could limit greenhouse gas emissions .
Google has invested in two solar thermal companies , eSolar and BrightSource , with which it has discussed the new mirror technology , Weihl said .
He said the technology was not at a stage where it could be tested externally , but he added that both eSolar and BrightSource were interested in it .
“ If it works , it would absolutely be something they would use , ” he said .
The Chicago Blackhawks are one of the NHL ’s elite teams .
They are one of the youngest , most exciting teams in the league .
They have the second most wins , the fourth most goals per game , the second fewest goals against per game , and the sixth best penalty kill .
They ’ve only lost two games when leading after two periods , one of which was in overtime .
When you are as good as the Hawks are people will find tiny flaws in your team and then blow them out of proportion .
That ’s basically what hockey analysts are doing with regards to Chicago 's goaltending .
Chicago naysayers assert that a team as good as the Blackhawks cannot seriously hope to ride two unproven goalies like Huet and Niemi to a Stanley Cup victory .
If the Blackhawks only had Cristobal Huet then I too would be befuddled that they did n’t make a deadline move .
Huet has a good 2.38 GAA , which is largely attributable to the excellent team in front of him because he has an odorous .898 % .
I consider .900 to be the Toskala line .
Anything sub -.900 and you ’re venturing into Toskala territory .
Thankfully for Chicago , they can play Antti Niemi as their starting goaltender .
Niemi has 18 wins in 25 games , a .910 % , 2.24 GAA , and 4 shutouts ( almost 20 % of the time he shuts out the other team ) .
The problem is he ’s young and inexperienced considering this is his first full year in the NHL at 26 - years - old .
But has n't every proven goalie been young and inexperienced at one point ?
Furthermore , youth does n't preclude a team from winning a championship .
Cam Ward led the Hurricanes to a championship in his rookie season .
Would the Hawks benefit from an upgrade in goal ?
Certainly .
But how much of an upgrade should they get ?
Star goalies just are n’t available via trade until this off - season when the Sharks get rid of Evgeni Nabokov after another bad playoffs .
Scotty Bowman 's addition to the Chicago front - office gives them firsthand knowledge of the reasons why they do n't need to acquire a goalie .
Detroit has won the Stanley Cup three times with Chris Osgood as their goalie ( Bowman was there for two of those ) .
Chris Osgood is certainly not a premier goalie now , nor was he then .
The Wings did n’t need to have a premier goalie to win the Stanley Cup because their team was just so good .
Their defence was strong enough and their offence potent enough that Chris Osgood did n’t have to steal any games for the Wings , he just could n’t lose any by letting in Toskalean goals .
This is the same situation the Hawks are in .
Their offence is loaded .
But this is n’t the type of offence with one scoring line that can be shut down in the playoffs .
They can afford to play Kane and Toews together because they can throw out a second line featuring Marian Hossa .
The third line is capable of scoring as well with Kris Versteeg , Dustin Byfuglien , and Troy Brouwer .
Andrew Ladd even has 15 goals as a fourth liner !
The defence is just as good .
Keith and Seabrook are the best tandem in the league and Brian Campbell is enjoying a nice bounce back season .
In addition , Hjalmarsson , Johnsson , and Sopel are all solid players .
The Hawks do n’t need an elite goalie when the rest of the team is good enough to make up for any sort of shortcoming in goal ( which judging by Niemi ’s stats is n’t very much ) .
The Hawks will be more than fine with their current roster .
I think the Flyers are similar to the Hawks , albeit a little less talented .
I do n’t think they truly needed to add a goalie at the deadline either .
The Philadelphia Flyers were in a serious predicament with their goaltending before the season began .
They were pushed right up against the cap and had one glaring weakness , their goalie .
They chose not to re-sign former pseudo - number 1 goalie Martin Biron and instead chose to bank on Ray Emery regaining the form that saw him take the Ottawa Senators to the Stanley Cup Finals in 2007 .
This deal was primarily financially motivated , since the Flyers cap space was non-existent and Emery was the best goalie they could sign for limited money .
It ’s easy to get a player to accept a lower salary after he ’s accumulated a bad reputation for behavioural problems and also spent a year in Russian exile .
Their gamble did n’t really pay off considering Emery put up pedestrian numbers while healthy ( .905 % and 2.64 GAA - also considered amazing post - lockout Leafs goaltending ) and is currently out for the rest of the year with a groin injury .
Emery ’s injury has thrust waiver - wire pick - up Michael Leighton into the position as starting goalie on a playoff contender .
Leighton has actually played fantastically for the Flyers .
He has a 2.28 GAA and .924 % , while going 15 - 4 - 2 .
All of this makes me feel even stupider for dropping him in fantasy hockey .
The major rumour at the deadline was that the Flyers were pushing for Florida ’s Tomas Vokoun .
The deal never developed , the stumbling block apparently being Vokoun ’s onerous $ 5.7 million contract and the Flyers limited cap space .
Now , analysts are surprised the Flyers did n’t make a move for a goalie , but I do n’t think Vokoun can be considered the answer .
Certainly to get Vokoun the Flyers would need to deal a player with a large salary , such as Hartnell ( $ 4.2 million ) , Gagne ( $ 5.25 million ) , or Briere ( $ 6.5 million ) being the most obvious .
The Flyers ’ problem is that all three players have no-movement clauses and cannot reasonably be expected to waive them in order to go from a Stanley Cup contender to a perennial 9th place team .
That leaves Jeff Carter as the most likely player to be dealt for Vokoun both because of his salary ( $ 5 million ) and obviously the desire Florida would have for a player of his calibre .
Does it make sense for the Flyers to make this trade ?
No , obviously not .
Carter is an integral part of the Flyers offense and the upgrade from Leighton to Vokoun ca n’t be more valuable .
Plus , Vokoun is a goalie with merely 11 games of playoff experience , all of which accumulated in two first round exits .
Is that the star goalie the Flyers needed ?
Avoiding this deal was the best move the Flyers could have made at the deadline .
Another reason why I ’m not entirely convinced the Flyers needed an upgrade in goal , besides Leighton ’s stellar record , is that this is a team that made the Eastern Conference Finals with Martin Biron as their starting goalie in 2008 .
That year Biron ’s numbers were worse than Leighton ’s ( 2.59 GAA and .918 % ) .
Pretty good , but nothing spectacular .
Is banking on Michael Leighton any different than rolling the dice with Marty Biron ?
Or should the Flyers have traded for Dwayne Roloson ?
Is he an upgrade from Leighton ?
Not by much .
The Flyers are much like the Hawks .
They have a tremendous group of forwards , most of whom are more than capable defensively .
And their defence is led by Chris Pronger .
The Flyers will be fine with Michael Leighton , as will the Hawks with Antti Niemi .
This year ’s trade deadline was especially boring despite having a record 31 trades involving 55 players .
The most exciting trade was Wojtek Wolski ( the next Polish Prince ? ) for Peter Mueller – not exactly the most riveting trade .
However , the lack of intrigue was not totally surprising .
The major players ( such as Kovalchuk and Phaneuf ) moved prior to the deadline , which left only secondary players available .
Put it this way , the most sought after player at the deadline was Ray Whitney .
Not exactly a sexy name .
What did surprise many people was the lack of movement made by two teams considered serious contenders for the Stanley Cup , Chicago and Philadelphia .
It is clear that the weakest point of each team is their goaltending .
How weak is up for debate .
Both teams were rumoured to be aggressively pursuing a legitimate number one goalie at the deadline and both were unable to land said prize .
Is this a bad thing ?
Does either team truly need a goalie to make a serious run at the Stanley Cup ?
Let ’s look at each team individually .
Like many fans of Joss Whedon's " Firefly , " artist Mike Russell was impatient for more stories from the fan - favorite universe , and after a conversation with fellow cartoonist Bill Mudron , Russell decided to launch " Serenity Tales , " a site collecting fan - made webcomics about the series .
" We figured we 'd make some totally apocryphal , totally unofficial fan comics for free while we waited .
Just a fun way to celebrate Whedon 's universe , which we both love , " said Russell .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/04/19/firefly-serenity-fan-webcomic-take-my-love/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ; digg_url = ' http://digg.com/comics_animation/One_Firefly_Fan_s_Take_on_Serenity_Carnage_COMIC';
Soon , Russell 's work had attracted the attention not only of " Firefly " fans but editor Scott Allie of Dark Horse , who asked Russell to bring his fan comics to the letters page of the publisher 's upcoming " Serenity " one - shots .
You 'll be able to see one of Russell 's shorter works in the upcoming Patton Oswalt scripted " Serenity : Float Out " comic , but Russell 's original pitch -- a longer comic called " Take My Love , " which pays homage to the carnage of the " Serenity " film and the classic Looney Tunes cartoon " Duck Amuck " -- was cut because of space concerns .
After seeing the pages from " Take My Love , " ( written by Mark Bourne with pencils by Russell and inks and colors by Mudron ) we thought it was too awesome not to share , so we 're proud to present that comic for the first time , exclusively on ComicsAlliance .
If you have n't seen " Serenity , " SPOILERS follow .
Click through for bigger versions !
“ When our CEO met with the President of the United States , he joked that he would like to see a return to the low taxes and regulation and high defense spending of Reaganomics . ” ​ Was this Helpful ?
YES NO 8 people found this helpful .
“ Reaganomics is a nickname given to President Ronald Reagan 's economic program in the 1980s , which aimed at improving the United States economy . ” ​ Was this Helpful ?
YES NO 11 people found this helpful .
“ In later years , the term ' Reaganomics ' became shorthand for any political measure that relied on its cult of personality appeal and confusion over its mystical workings , as opposed to measures that provided objective , demonstrable results .
” ​ Was this Helpful ?
YES NO 11 people found this helpful .
Show more usage examples ...
Few owners of hijacked machines know they have been compromised Spanish police have revealed that they have arrested three men responsible for one of the world 's biggest networks of virus - infected computers .
All are Spanish citizens with no criminal records and limited hacking skills .
It is estimated that the so - called Mariposa botnet was made up of nearly 13 million computers in 190 countries .
It included PCs inside more than half of Fortune 1000 companies and more than 40 major banks , investigators said .
The criminals have so far only been identified by their internet names , netkairo , aged 31 , johnyloleante , aged 30 and ostiator , 25 .
Other arrests may follow , the investigators believe .
The first member of the gang was arrested in early February , when he inadvertently logged into the network without disguising the address of his computer .
His computer linked investigators to two more suspects who were arrested later in the month .
' Limited skills '
The botnet was being monitored and was rendered inactive in December , following a major investigation conducted by the FBI , the Spanish Guardia Civil and security experts around the world .
The network of computers was designed to steal sensitive information , including usernames , passwords , banking credentials and credit card data , from social media sites and other online e-mail services .
One of the arrested men had 800,000 pieces of personal data on his machine .
Some very high profile businesses were targeted .
" It would be easier for me to provide a list of the Fortune 1000 companies that were n't compromised , " said Christopher Davis , chief executive of security firm Defence Intelligence , one of the firms that was invited to join the Mariposa Working Group , which was set up to deal with the botnet in May 2009 .
Panda Security was also in the group .
Senior research advisor Pedro Bustamante said the criminals behind the botnet did not have " advanced hacking skills " .
" This is very alarming because it proves how sophisticated and effective malware distribution software has become , empowering relatively unskilled cyber criminals to inflict major damage and financial loss , " he said .
The gang made money by renting out parts of the botnet to other cyber - criminals as well as selling stolen credentials and using banking and credit card information to make transactions via so - called money mules .
Working with law enforcement agencies is not without its risks for security firms .
After the botnet was closed down , Defence Intelligence was hit by a Distributed Denial of Service ( DDoS ) attack as an apparent act of retaliation .
A DDoS attack occurs when a website is bombarded by requests for pages , often by a botnet , effectively taking it offline .
The attack was powerful enough to knock customers of an unnamed ISP offline for several hours .
The firm remains determined to pursue such cases .
" We will continue to fight the threat of botnets and the criminals behind them .
We 'll start by dismantling their infrastructure and wo n't stop until they 're standing in front of a judge , " said Mr Davis .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Let your body do the thinking ( Image : Stephen Simpson / Image Bank )
Editorial :
It ’s not mind or body – it ’s both
“ I THINK therefore I am , ” said Descartes .
Perhaps he should have added : “ I act , therefore I think . ”
Our ability to think has long been considered central to what makes us human .
Now research suggests that our bodies and their relationship with the environment govern even our most abstract thoughts .
This includes thinking up random numbers or deciding whether to recount positive or negative experiences .
“ Advocates of traditional accounts of cognition would be surprised , ” says Tobias Loetscher at the University of Melbourne in Parkville , Australia .
“ They generally consider human …
This is an unofficial list of Problem Banks compiled only from public sources .
Changes and comments from surferdude808 :
Failure Friday contributed to a drop in the number of institutions on the Unofficial Problem Bank List .
This week , the list includes 641 institutions with aggregate assets of $ 325.5 billion , down from 644 institutions and 325.9 billion last week .
There were 2 additions this week -- Mountain 1st Bank & Trust Company , Hendersonville , NC ( $ 803 million Ticker : FFIS.OB ) ; and Bank of Coral Gables , Coral Gables , FL ( $ 159 million ) .
Removals include the 4 failures this Friday -- Sun American Bank ( $ 536 million ) ; Centennial Bank ( $ 215 million ) ; Bank of Illinois ( $ 212 million ) ; and Waterfield Bank ( $ 156 million ) .
There was one other removal as the OCC terminated the Formal Agreement against Community National Bank , Waterloo , IA ( $ 235 million ) .
The other change is a Prompt Corrective Action Order issued against First Federal Bank of North Florida ( $ 393 million ) , which has been operating under a Cease & Desist Order since November 2009 .
The list is compiled from regulator press releases or from public news sources ( see Enforcement Action Type link for source ) .
The FDIC data is released monthly with a delay , and the Fed and OTC data is more timely .
The OCC data is a little lagged .
Credit : surferdude808 .
See description below table for Class and Cert ( and a link to FDIC ID system ) .
Class :
from FDIC
The FDIC assigns classification codes indicating an institution 's charter type ( commercial bank , savings bank , or savings association ) , its chartering agent ( state or federal government ) , its Federal Reserve membership status ( member or nonmember ) , and its primary federal regulator ( state - chartered institutions are subject to both federal and state supervision ) .
These codes are : N National chartered commercial bank supervised by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
SM State charter Fed member commercial bank supervised by the Federal Reserve
NM State charter
Fed nonmember commercial bank supervised by the FDIC
SA State or federal charter savings association supervised by the Office of Thrift Supervision
SB State charter savings bank supervised by the FDIC
Cert :
This is the certificate number assigned by the FDIC used to identify institutions and for the issuance of insurance certificates .
Click on the number and the
Institution Directory ( ID ) system
" will provide the last demographic and financial data filed by the selected institution " .
For a full screen version of the table click here
The table is wide - use scroll bars to see all information !
Bulk carriers regularly take short cuts through the Reef Those responsible for a Chinese ship running aground on the Great Barrier Reef and leaking oil will be prosecuted , Australian authorities say .
Transport Minister Anthony Albanese said the vessel was clearly on an unlawful route and compensation would be sought for the spill .
" We 'll be throwing the book at those responsible , " Mr Albanese said .
In a separate case , three men have been charged with steering their cargo ship through a restricted area of the Reef .
The men , from Vietnam and South Korea , will appear in an Australian court on Monday , accused of taking their coal carrier on an unauthorised route through one of the world 's most valuable marine wildlife reserves .
It is alleged that their vessel , the MV Mimosa , was not registered with the Reef Vessel Tracking System and failed to respond to attempts by the authorities to establish contact .
If found guilty , the men could face a maximum fine of more than A$ 200,000 ( $ 180,000 , £ 121,000 ) .
Oil fear The Chinese vessel , the Shen Nang 1 , rammed into a sandbank some 70 km ( 43 miles ) off the east coast of Great Keppel Island on 4 April after straying off its permitted route .
" It is quite clear that this vessel went on a course that was unlawful , " Mr Albanese told reporters after flying over the stranded ship .
" The Australian government will ensure that the full force of the law is brought to bear on those responsible , " he said .
" And we will also ensure ... compensation is paid with regard to the cost of cleaning up . "
Salvage crews have been pumping fuel oil from the vessel , which was carrying carrying 950 tonnes of oil and about 65,000 tonnes of coal .
Inflatable booms are in place around it to contain any oil that may spill .
In the wake of these incidents , it has emerged that bulk carriers regularly take short cuts through the world heritage - listed marine park - reef " rat- runs " that cut down on voyage times and therefore save money .
The Australian government has vowed to tighten up its maritime laws in response The Great Barrier Reef is the world 's largest reef system and extends for more than 2,500 km .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I am sure most of the people out there are having trouble with their monitor going to sleep or in screen saver mode while they are watching movies or flash videos on sites like hulu .
So , here is the solution .
Like the same way you keep your body up with caffeine , here is some caffeine for your monitor too .
This new app , Caffeine will stay in your system tray and will make sure that you enjoy your videos and will prevent your monitor from going to sleep .
Caffeine is written using GTK for the user interface , so it ’s very GNOME friendly , but it can be used on any Linux OS .
It works pretty well on Ubuntu as well .
Here are few screen - shots for the same :
To activate the caffeine , you can single click on the icon OR if you want it to be active for some specific period of time then right click on the icon and set the time period for which you want the caffeine to be active .
Caffeine is highly customizable as well .
Right click on the icon and go to preferences
You can set the various options over here , like whether you want to start the caffeine every time your system restart , activate the caffeine for flash videos , or activate the caffeine when there is some specific application running .
References :
If you enjoyed this post , make sure you subscribe to my RSS feed !!!!
Two new Portland Loos will find their way to downtown streets later this year .
The solar - powered toilets were first unveiled in late 2008 by Commissioner Randy Leonard in response to a lack of safe public restrooms downtown .
Lynch Mechanical Construction Co. and Madden Fabrication , both of Portland , were under contract with the city for the first two loos , which cost around $ 56,000 a piece .
Now that the city has redesigned the loos to be more easily monitored by police looking for illegal activity , it has issued a new request for proposals from companies looking to build the next generation of Portland ’s toilets .
“ We moved some of the louvres around to the front door because police wanted more views there , ” said Anne Hill , project manager for the Portland Loos .
“ We have issued a rebid , and those are due April 14 . ”
After being reviewed by the design commission , the city hopes to install a new loo at Southwest Taylor Street and Naito Parkway before the Rose Festival in late May .
Another loo at Southwest Ash Street and Naito Parkway is scheduled to be reviewed by the Historic Landmarks Commission on April 12 .
Sign of a good party :
You wake up wearing a traffic cone Sign of a GREAT party :
Your cat wakes up wearing a traffic cone
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
The Closing of the oldest Radio Station in the World
The end of an era has come .
The oldest am radio station in North America shut its broadcast on Friday 29 , 2010 .
Today as of 10 am French am radio station 690 closed down and English radio station 940 which was famous for Montreal ’s greatest hits ceased to broadcast at 7:00 pm this evening .
Corus Entertainment shut down its Montreal am radio stations because they were no longer profitable .
People under the age of 50 are just not tuning into AM radio anymore .
There is nothing to hold the interest of young people .
The stations were geared to the older crowd .
Young people prefer the DVD ’s , utube and all the latest techno gadgets .
There is no appeal for simple old am radio anymore .
General manager of am 940 , Mark Dickey said it was a tough decision to make , the employees were hardworking and dedicated and it was hard to let some of them go .
However , the economic times dictated the decision .
The stations were not profitable .
The company will be returning their radiobroadcasting license to the CRTC , the government regulation board for broadcast media .
Actually it was not only the quality of music affected , the French station am 690 was an all news station and still it could not survive .
However , not everyone will lose his or her jobs .
The French journalists will keep their jobs and the news forecasters will migrate over to the French radio station 98.5 fm .
Two positions will be lost at the English am 940 station .
The situation is troubling for Montreal radio broadcasting as they go off air , but according to Jean Lapierre a broadcaster political analyst , and former politician , the situation is much worst for small areas outside of Montreal , which will not have any more local radio news channels .
Am 940 is North America ’s oldest am radio station which made its debut in 1918 .
It started with experimental broadcasts under the name of CINW .
The station known as XWA , began on May 20 , 1920 .
It may very well be the first Am radio station in the World .
KDKAm from Pitsburgh , Pennsylvania and WWJ of Detroit , Michigan also make the same claim .
In November of the same year the station changed its name to CFCF and has been Canada ’s best and finest radio station every since .
It ’s latest name change is am 940 radio .
Some of the notable radio celebraties include Gordon Sinclair , Dick Irvin Jr , ( Canadian Hockey Hall of fame inductee – broadcasting category ) .
John Robertson , and Dave Boxer .
Through the years the station changed names and changed format , including pop , golden oldies , country and news and talk radio .
From 1997 – 1999 the station was called CIQC and was syndicated in the United States .
It later switched to the higher megahertz am 940 .
The station will be missed taking with it a hundred year old legacy .
Sources
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CINW
http://montreal.ctv.ca/servlet/an/local/CTVNews/20100129/mtl_940_690_cancelled100129/20100129/?hub=MontrealHome
This package provides a flexible record system which has some novel features :
Using record type families , the type system can be used to describe relationships between field types .
Record scheme induction permits the implementation of polymorphic record combinators that work on whole records instead of only a fixed set of fields .
Seven cat species all live in a single Indian rain forest , camera traps show — the world 's highest known cat diversity .
UK 'has higher early death rate than many rich nations '
By Nick Triggle
Health reporter , BBC News
People in the UK have a higher risk of early death than those in many other wealthy countries , a study shows .
While deaths before the age of 60 in the UK have nearly halved in the past 40 years , the rate for women remains similar to Slovenia 's and Albania's .
Experts said the large inequality gap was to blame for the findings , which were reported in the Lancet journal .
Globally , men in Iceland and women in Cyprus had the lowest risk , the Washington University - led team found .
Male Female Researchers looked at data , including censuses , death registrations and surveys , to compile the estimated number of early deaths in 187 countries in 1970 , 1990 and 2010 .
LOWEST EARLY DEATH RISK ( WOMEN ) Cyprus - 38 deaths per 1,000 before the age of 60 South Korea - 40 Japan , Italy and Greece - 41 During the period the overall risk fell by 34 % in women and 19 % in men , reflecting the progress in medicine and rising level of affluence .
South Asia saw the most rapid decline for women and Australasia for men .
Sub -Saharan Africa currently has some of the highest rates with half of people dying early , compared to one - in - 20 in some developed countries .
Some parts of the continent even saw rates get worse , reflecting the spread of HIV in recent years , the report said .
Smoking and drinking
In the UK , 58 deaths per 1,000 among women were before the age of 60 , while for men the figure stood at 93 .
In western Europe only Danish and Belgian women had a higher risk than those in the UK .
British men fare a little better as the early death rate is mid-ranking for western Europe .
Professor Danny Dorling , an expert in health inequalities from Sheffield University , said the poor performance of the UK was down to health inequalities .
" We have some of the worst health outcomes in our poorest areas in the whole of Europe . "
LOWEST EARLY DEATH RISK ( MEN ) Iceland - 65 deaths per 1,000 before the age of 60 Sweden - 71 Malta and the Netherlands - 73 Professor Dorling even warned the fall in early deaths seen in recent decades could be reversed .
" It is unlikely , but not impossible .
It has n't happened since the 1930s , but it will really depend on how the future government makes the cuts . "
Professor Alan Maryon Davis , president of the Faculty of Public Health , agreed health inequalities were playing a major role , pointing out the UK had relatively high rates of smoking and drinking .
He also urged health professionals to focus on prevention and early detection .
" We have a good health system and we are getting better , but as a nation - and men in particular - we do not seek help early enough .
Early diagnosis is essential for diseases like cancer . "
A Department of Health spokesperson said female life expectancy in the UK was at its highest ever level and that latest data showed female life expectancy at birth in the UK was two years greater than female life expectancy at birth in Albania .
The spokesperson said : " Factors underlying increases in life expectancy are complex .
" Male and female mortality rates from the major causes of death , for example , circulatory diseases and cancers , have been decreasing in England and greater declines in female mortality in recent years have narrowed the gap between England and other countries in the European Union . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Police in the US state of Ohio say tens of thousands of dollars are missing a day after a bag of cash fell from an armoured car , sparking a money grab .
A mad rush to pick up $ 20 bills broke out after the bag fell from the car in Columbus and split open .
It is unclear how much cash was in the bag , but US media say it was at least $ 100,000 .
Officers are reviewing mobile phone and surveillance videos to identify who has the missing cash .
" It 's not free money , " said a police sergeant .
If people were found with the missing cash they would be charged , Sgt Dan Kelso told Associated Press news agency .
He said he did not know how the bag of money fell from the armoured car .
Witnesses told local media that people were scooping up as much cash as they could carry .
" People were jumping out of their vehicles , " one person said .
Another described it as like a feeding frenzy by " a school of piranhas " .
More than £ 1tn may have flowed out of Africa illegally over the last four decades , most of it to western financial institutions , according to a new report .
Even using conservative estimates , the continent lost about $ 1.8tn ( £ 1.18tn ) – meaning Africans living at the end of 2008 had each been deprived of an average of $ 989 ( £ 649 ) since 1970 , according to the US - based research body Global Financial Integrity ( GFI ) .
The report says globally in recent years much attention has been focused on corruption – the proceeds of bribery and theft by government officials – and this only makes up about 3 % of the cross - border flow of illicit money around the world .
The proceeds of commercial tax evasion , mainly through trade mis-pricing , contribute 60 % to 65 % of the global total , while drug trafficking , racketeering and counterfeiting make up 30 % to 35 % .
The report says Africa 's percentages are likely to be roughly the same .
The scourge eats into Africa 's total GDP , says the report , Illicit Financial Flows from Africa : Hidden Resource for Development .
Losses rose from around 2 % of GDP in 1970 to a peak of 11 % in 1987 , then dropped below 4 % for much of the Nineties , only to increase again to 8 % of GDP in 2007 and 7 % in 2008 .
The GFI says that existing research shows that most flows to western financial institutions , and calls on G20 members to crack down on international banks and offshore financial centres .
Illicit outflows from Africa grew at an average 11.9 % a year over the four decades .
Some of this is attributed to oil price rises and increased opportunities to mis-price trade .
" It is not unreasonable to estimate total illicit outflows from the continent across the 39 years at some $ 1.8tn , " writes Raymond Baker , director of the GFI .
" This massive flow of illicit money out of Africa is facilitated by a global shadow financial system comprising tax havens , secrecy jurisdictions , disguised corporations , anonymous trust accounts , fake foundations , trade mis-pricing and money laundering techniques . "
This capital loss has a devastating effect on development and attempts to alleviate poverty , the report says .
Even by a more conservative estimate , using accepted economic models from the World Bank and the IMF , Africa has lost $ 854bn in cumulative capital flight between 1970 and 2008 , the report notes .
This would be enough to not only wipe out its 2008 external debt of $ 250 bn but potentially leave $ 600 bn for poverty alleviation and economic growth .
" Instead , cumulative illicit flows from the continent increased from about $ 57bn in the decade of the 1970s to $ 437bn over the nine years 2000 - 2008 . "
Africa lost around $ 29bn a year between 1970 and 2008 , of which the Sub - Saharan region accounted for $ 22bn .
On average , fuel exporters including Nigeria lost capital at the rate of nearly $ 10 bn a year .
" The impact of this structure and the funds it shifts out of Africa is staggering .
It drains hard currency reserves , heightens inflation , reduces tax collection , cancels investment , and undermines free trade .
It has its greatest impact on those at the bottom of income scales in their countries , removing resources that could otherwise be used for poverty alleviation and economic growth . "
It says that the huge outflow explains why aid efforts to reduce poverty have underachieved in Africa .
" According to recent studies by GFI and other researchers , developing countries lose at least $ 10 through illegal flight capital for every $ 1 they receive in external assistance . "
Hi all ,
we are happy to announce the release of DBpedia 3.5 .
The new release is based on Wikipedia dumps dating from March 2010 .
Compared to the 3.4 release , we were able to increase the quality of the DBpedia knowledge base by employing a new data extraction framework which applies various data cleansing heuristics as well as by extending the infobox - to - ontology mappings that guide the data extraction process .
The new DBpedia knowledge base describes more than 3.4 million things , out of which 1.47 million are classified in a consistent ontology , including 312,000 persons , 413,000 places , 94,000 music albums , 49,000 films , 15,000 video games , 140,000 organizations , 146,000 species and 4,600 diseases .
The DBpedia data set features labels and abstracts for these 3.2 million things in up to 92 different languages ; 1,460,000 links to images and 5,543,000 links to external web pages ; 4,887,000 external links into other RDF datasets , 565,000 Wikipedia categories , and 75,000 YAGO categories .
The DBpedia knowledge base altogether consists of over 1 billion pieces of information ( RDF triples ) out of which 257 million were extracted from the English edition of Wikipedia and 766 million were extracted from other language editions .
The new release provides the following improvements and changes compared to the DBpedia 3.4 release :
The DBpedia extraction framework has been completely rewritten in Scala .
The new framework dramatically reduces the extraction time of a single Wikipedia article from over 200 to about 13 milliseconds .
All features of the previous PHP framework have been ported .
In addition , the new framework can extract data from Wikipedia tables based on table - to - ontology mappings and is able to extract multiple infoboxes out of a single Wikipedia article .
The data from each infobox is represented as a separate RDF resource .
All resources that are extracted from a single page can be connected using custom RDF properties which are also defined in the mappings .
A lot of work also went into the value parsers and the DBpedia 3.5 dataset should therefore be much cleaner than its predecessors .
In addition , units of measurement are normalized to their respective SI unit , which makes querying DBpedia easier .
The mapping language that is used to map Wikipedia infoboxes to the DBpedia Ontology has been redesigned .
The documentation of the new mapping language is found at http://dbpedia.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/dbpedia/trunk/extraction/core/doc/mapping%20language/
In order to enable the DBpedia user community to extend and refine the infobox to ontology mappings , the mappings can be edited on the newly created wiki hosted on http://mappings.dbpedia.org .
At the moment , 303 template mappings are defined , which cover ( including redirects ) 1055 templates .
On the wiki , the DBpedia Ontology can be edited by the community as well .
At the moment , the ontology consists of 259 classes and about 1,200 properties .
The ontology properties extracted from infoboxes are now split into two data sets ( For details see : http://wiki.dbpedia.org/Datasets ) : 1 . The Ontology Infobox Properties dataset contains the properties as they are defined in the ontology ( e.g. length ) .
The range of a property is either an xsd schema type or a dimension of measurement , in which case the value is normalized to the respective SI unit .
2 . The Ontology Infobox Properties ( Specific ) dataset contains properties which have been specialized for a specific class using a specific unit .
e.g. the property height is specialized on the class Person using the unit centimeters instead of meters .
The framework now resolves template redirects , making it possible to cover all redirects to an infobox on Wikipedia with a single mapping .
Three new extractors have been implemented : 1 . PageIdExtractor extracting Wikipedia page IDs are extracted for each page .
2 . RevisionExtractor extracting the latest revision of a page .
3 . PNDExtractor extracting PND ( Personnamendatei ) identifiers .
The data set now provides labels , abstracts , page links and infobox data in 92 different languages , which have been extracted from recent Wikipedia dumps as of March 2010 .
In addition the N - Triples datasets , N - Quads datasets are provided which include a provenance URI to each statement .
The provenance URI denotes the origin of the extracted triple in Wikipedia ( For details see : http://wiki.dbpedia.org/Datasets ) .
You can download the new DBpedia dataset from http://wiki.dbpedia.org/Downloads35 .
As usual , the data set is also available as Linked Data and via the DBpedia SPARQL endpoint .
Lots of thanks to :
Robert Isele , Anja Jentzsch , Christopher Sahnwaldt , and Paul Kreis ( all Freie Universität Berlin ) for reimplementing the DBpedia extraction framework in Scala , for extending the infobox - to - ontology mappings and for extracting the new DBpedia 3.5 knowledge base .
Jens Lehmann and Sören Auer ( both Universität Leipzig ) for providing the knowledge base via the DBpedia download server at Universität Leipzig .
Kingsley Idehen and Mitko Iliev ( both OpenLink Software ) for loading the knowledge base into the Virtuoso instance that serves the Linked Data view and SPARQL endpoint .
The whole DBpedia team is very thankful to three companies which enabled us to do all this by supporting and sponsoring the DBpedia project :
Neofonie GmbH ( http://www.neofonie.de/index.jsp), a Berlin - based company offering leading technologies in the area of Web search , social media and mobile applications .
Vulcan Inc. as part of its Project Halo ( www.projecthalo.com).
Vulcan Inc. creates and advances a variety of world - class endeavors and high impact initiatives that change and improve the way we live , learn , do business ( http://www.vulcan.com/).
OpenLink Software ( http://www.openlinksw.com/).
OpenLink Software develops the Virtuoso Universal Server , an innovative enterprise grade server that cost - effectively delivers an unrivaled platform for Data Access , Integration and Management .
More information about DBpedia is found at http://dbpedia.org/About
Have fun with the new DBpedia knowledge base !
Cheers
Chris Bizer
The original Crysis , despite being three years old , is still one of the best looking PC games .
Having a system that ran the game well was a badge of pride when the game launched .
The game 's allure was enough to merit shelling out major green for upgrades in order to view the bleeding edge graphics .
The sequel is coming to both the PC and consoles , however , which is more than enough to worry fans of the original , which was highly optimized for PC gaming .
Crysis zipped you into a high - tech Nanosuit , gave you a gun , and dropped you into a massive jungle island swarming with angry militant North Koreans and even angrier alien invaders .
Just about everything in the game could be damaged , destroyed , or blown up to varying degrees .
It made for one hell of a gaming experience .
Crytek explored the events of the first game from a different perspective with a parallel storyline in Crysis Warhead , another PC - exclusive that launched a year after the original .
While it featured much of the same action - heavy sci- fi shooter gameplay with a more linear flow and some tweaks to optimize the engine , Warhead was another fun and bloody romp through the jungle .
Crytek has far more ambitious plans for the proper sequel it 's been working on for the past several years .
Not only will Crysis 2 be the first entry in the series to be released on both PC and consoles , it takes the fight for humanity 's survival to a whole new and very different battleground — one that hits a lot closer to home .
Big trouble in the Big Apple
The fact EA chose to unveil the world premiere of Crysis 2 to a throng of journalists at a swanky shindig at the Tribeca Grand in the heart of New York City is no coincidence .
[ Editors note : Ars Technica does not accept either travel costs or accomodations from any company .
We always pay our own way . ]
Taking place several years after the original game , Crysis 2 brings the conflict against the alien invaders from the dense tropical jungles of the Philippines to the decimated urban jungle of the Big Apple .
It 's a move that ’s designed to change the pace and give players a stronger emotional connection to the catastrophic events that unfold in the game .
" The New York [ City ] location allows us to elevate the location , in a sense , so that it 's more emotionally relevant for us , " Crytek CEO and President Cevat Yerli explained to the gaming press packed into the sizeable theater .
" New York is symbolic for the pride of mankind . "
Having hordes of violent aliens thrashing the hell of out NYC is bound to elicit some strong response in many players .
After all , instead of trees , shrubs , and foreign military installations , it 's a bustling civilization in an iconic city once teeming with life and happiness that 's being crushed .
The teaser trailer we were first shown dialed into the tremendous impact the events in Crysis 2 have on the local populace .
It opens with a close - up shot of thousands of tattered pictures of missing loved ones and evacuation posters plastered down the side of buildings along an abandoned street .
It 's a stirring scene that conjures up mental images of the walls covered with taped photos and posters of missing people in the aftermath of 9/11 .
However , in this case , the tragedy is only beginning to unfold .
The camera pans back to reveal a muscled solder in the new Nanosuit picking up a torn fragment of paper .
A somber , ominous rendition of “ New York , New York ” plays in the background as a squadron of US Special Forces choppers fly overhead , ducking low between the immense buildings .
You can see the fear on the soldiers ’ faces as they look down a passing dark alley and spot a swarm of glowing eyes just before their helicopters are blown out of the sky by a deluge of gunfire .
Crashing into buildings and thundering to the ground in scraps of burning , twisted metal , the choppers and their crew are beset upon by aliens and torn to pieces .
One wounded soldiers pulls the pin on a grenade to take his own life just as he 's about to be ripped apart .
With the resulting explosion in the background , the camera switches back to the Nanosuit - wearing warrior clenching a fist .
If the sequence does n't inspire players to kick some alien ass , then I 'm not sure what would .
That 's some nice devastation you got there
Yerli and his team have dubbed their approach for the visual style for Crysis 2 " catastrophic beauty . "
They wanted to portray the city as something that players will feel connected to and want to save , even though portions of it are crumbing in fiery ruin from the alien assault .
This is a stylized , futuristic version of New York , yet the towering buildings and streets below are both captivating and authentic to the look and feel of the city .
A one - on - one interview with Crytek 's Senior Art Director Frank Kitson later in the evening shed more light on the " catastrophic beauty " visual approach to Crysis 2 and how this vision will play out on multiple platforms .
" We 're trying to do it with a degree of respect , " he said about the NYC setting being ground zero for the next chapter in the series ’ armed alien showdown .
" It 's an homage to a great city .
It ’s not just us going in and trashing the city for the sake of it .
When you see the whole thing , you ’ll see how , even tarnished and slightly torn up , New York City is still beautiful and elegant . "
Transposing the eye - popping visuals found in the Crysis PC titles over to the lower - powered graphics processors on consoles for Crysis 2 is no easy feat .
In fact , Kitson described it as a " herculean effort . "
He came on board with Crytek during the tail end of development on the original game and says he stepped into this project with a clear view of making the console experience as deep as the one found on PCs .
Despite the challenges , Kitson says he ’s yet to be let down , and the team has indeed managed to make one of the most dynamic and beautiful lighting systems on the PC work well on consoles .
All of the Crysis 2 footage we saw during the event , including the live hands - off gameplay demonstration , was running on Xbox 360 .
Even with an eye attuned to the marvels of high - powered PC gaming , seeing it up and running on a console and looking as sexy as it did was impressive .
Since 2007 , when first game made its debut , Yerli dreamed of bringing Crysis ’ emergent , sandbox - style experience fueled by the diverse abilities of the Nanosuit to the console market .
Crytek has spent years working to build the technology capable of making that happen .
The result , CryEngine3 , makes it possible and also brings a lot of new razzle - dazzle to the table .
Internal oil company documents prove conspiracy to reduce refinery capacity in order to jack up prices
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , April 16 , 2010
Alex Jones appeared on Russia Today to expose how major oil companies are driving up the price of gasoline by reducing refinery capacity , a familiar ploy that was exposed by Senator Ron Wyden ’s 2001 investigation which published leaked oil company documents proving collusion between oil cartels to manufacture artificial scarcity .
We were particularly amused by the woeful inaccuracy of a neo-con in the You Tube comments section who claimed the following .
“ Jones is such a fraudster .
Jim Tucker is an old conspiracy crackpot fart who make ridiculous crackpot conspiracy du jour claims repeatedly that never are true .
It ’s the environmentalists and their Democrats politicians that are blocking new refineries .
Jones definitely does n’t know anything about the oil business . ”
In actual fact , Tucker has become renowned for making accurate predictions .
He reported that the invasion of Iraq had been delayed by Bilderberg until 2003 when all the corporate media was reporting a 2002 attack date in unison .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
On the subject of major oil cartels artificially reducing refinery capacity in order to jack up profits , this was reported on as recently as last month by the L.A. Times .
“ Energy companies are suffering huge losses from refining because of slumping gasoline use — a product of the economic downturn and changing consumer habits and preferences .
Energy experts say refining cutbacks have begun and will accelerate as corporations strive for profits , ” states the report .
Tyson Slocum , director of Public Citizen ’s energy program , makes reference to the leaked documents
Alex referred to in the interview , where oil companies conspired to create artificial scarcity .
“ We know from internal documents from the last time we had a situation like this , in the 1990s , that there was an intentional strategy on the part of some companies to drive up profit margins by shuttering or closing refineries , ” states Slocum .
A 2001 investigation led by Senator Ron Wyden found that , “ Facing what they deemed inadequate profit margins in the mid-1990 ’s , oil companies readily recognized that the surest way to drive up profits was to drive down oil and gasoline supply .
By restricting supply , they would be able to demand higher prices and reap higher margins for their product . ”
The full report , as well as excerpts from the oil company internal documents proving collusion to reduce refinery capacity can be read here .
This article was posted : Friday , April 16 , 2010 at 8:47 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
In 1912 , San Francisco founded its municipal railway as the realization of a radical notion :
In an era of private for - profit rail lines , the residents of this city were given a publicly funded transit service formed specifically to serve them .
Ever since , Muni has been dubbed , unironically , " The People 's Railway . "
Muni exists for you .
It was created and continues to run for your benefit and to make your life easier .
So , congratulations are in order :
You do n't just ride Muni .
You own it .
No , really .
And how does that make you feel ?
Odds are , not so great .
A poll released last month by David Binder Research revealed that 57 percent of riders believed the transit agency was rolling down the wrong track ; only 13 percent felt it was improving .
For San Franciscans , complaining about what Herb Caen used to call " the Muniserable bus " stands somewhere between a pastime and a religion .
And Caen did n't have to deal with viral online videos of passengers beating each other , or battalions of tweets tagged " #munifail . "
But today 's gripes emanate from more than just the perception that things have grown worse — they have .
In the course of a generation , Muni 's service , reliability , and speed have all waned .
Not surprisingly , so has ridership .
Riders ' joy in excoriating Muni often reveals entitled San Franciscans ' lofty expectations of the transit agency , which provides more service than all but a handful of its big -city counterparts .
But the city 's much - ballyhooed " transit - first " aspirations — and the Municipal Transportation Agency 's $ 761 million budget — demand more than the fallback excuse that we should be grateful for whatever the workhorse agency provides , simply because public transit is generally abysmal elsewhere .
Any honest accounting of Muni reveals a number of severe problems crippling its ability to adapt to and overcome daily challenges .
As the owner of a municipal transit agency , you ought to know :
• Your labor force and its union have jealously fought to preserve a number of rules regarding drivers ' work conditions that actually reward nonproductivity — and drive Muni 's overtime costs into the stratosphere .
According to the city controller , over the last six months of 2009 , 45 cents of every overtime dollar the city spent went to a Muni worker .
• Recent efforts to insulate Muni from political pressure and ensure transit decisions are made by transit professionals have been abject failures .
Now more than ever , the agency is an extension of the mayor 's office , which stands by as other city departments siphon millions of dollars from Muni 's budget — compounding huge cuts in state funds .
Multiple sources confirmed to SF
Weekly that not only does Mayor Gavin Newsom 's office dictate the agency 's budget down to the line item , it also demands Muni fudge its fiscal shortfalls into " politically palatable " deficits .
• Your Muni is slow .
With an average vehicle speed of 8.1 mph , it is far and away the slowest major urban transit system in the nation .
While some of this can be blamed on San Francisco 's congestion and density , there are myriad methods of speeding up service other agencies have adopted that Muni has n't .
This is n't just an inconvenience for Muni 's declining ridership ; it 's a major financial drain on a beleaguered system .
Slow vehicle speeds force Muni to spend more money to provide less service .
Muni 's lethargy is literally costing it millions .
• For these and other reasons , Muni spends more to operate its vehicles than virtually any comparable transit agency .
For every mile Muni runs a bus in this city , it spends $ 19.21 ; comparable agencies nationwide pay between $ 10 and $ 13 .
For every mile Muni runs a light - rail vehicle , it throws down $ 24.37 ; comparable rail services spend between $ 12 and $ 22 .
Service , performance , and ridership are declining — costs are not .
But it does n't have to be this way .
Most riders ' interactions with Muni employees begin and end with the drivers .
Many critiques of what 's wrong with the agency do the same .
That 's unfortunate ; Muni 's fiscal and managerial woes should n't be blamed solely on operators , who have some of the toughest jobs in the agency , and deserve fair compensation .
And yet drivers ' self - serving contracts and extreme work rules limiting what they can be asked to do create a situation that ensures spiraling labor costs and service gaps management can't control .
The result is that you , as a rider - owner , pay with your money — and time .
Attempts to overhaul the byzantine pay structures and labor stipulations have been greeted with charges of union - busting in a labor - friendly town like San Francisco .
But even a cursory examination reveals drivers ' financial well - being is putting the viability of Muni 's service in jeopardy .
Need more part - time drivers to beef up rush - hour service ?
Ca n't do it .
Work rules place strict limits on the number of part - time drivers — which means more full - time operators end up working overtime .
That 'd be at a cost of roughly $ 45 an hour .
Need to hire more Muni Metro train operators ?
Ca n't do it .
You have to promote current bus drivers and train them ; you can't hire experienced operators away from another agency .
Perhaps the most inexcusable work rule — and the one that taxes Muni riders the most — allows multiple " unplanned leaves " for drivers .
With no warning , operators can simply not show up for their shifts .
And , yes , they still get paid .
Paying someone to not work is bad enough .
But that 's just the start of it .
A bus or train run has to be canceled , because no one can fill it , or an operator has to be pulled in — on overtime , naturally — to keep the system rolling .
According to a recent in - house report , operators ' rate of " unexplained absenteeism " has reached an all - time high of 15 percent .
These de facto service cuts cost Muni millions .
And finally : Good luck firing all but the most spectacularly incompetent employees .
In fact , good luck firing all but the most brazenly unfit supervisors , too .
Astoundingly , supervisors and drivers are in the same union — a bizarre situation that provides ineffective managers with the same ironclad job protection as bus and train drivers .
Bungling sailor used a road map to circumnavigate the UK ... and ended up sailing round Isle of Sheppey for 36 hours
A would - be sailor bought a motor cruiser on the internet then set off on a round - Britain trip armed with nothing more than a road map and a radio he did n't know how to use .
Little wonder then , that the bungling mariner took a wrong turn shortly after setting out from Gillingham and ended up circling the Isle of Sheppey .
The 45 - year - old man , who has not been named , had to be rescued after running out of fuel have gone round the eight - mile wide island for a day - and - a - half .
Grand plan : Coastguard officers speak to the man after he set off for Southampton from Kent and got lost
Rescuer Tom Ware said : ' Because he had no chart , his general principle was to keep the land on his right , except he did n't realise Sheppey was an Island .
' It took him a day - and - a - half to get from Gillingham to where he ran out of fuel . '
The boat only had a 20 - litre fuel tank and a 20 horse power engine - not designed for sea use .
The sailor thought that because he could drive in his car to Southampton using a single tank of fuel , he only needed one tank of fuel for the vessel .
He also made the mistake of taking a VHF radio , but did not know how to use it and he had no provisions onboard .
Coastguards , who met the man at Queenborough , advised him that engine sizes and therefore fuel consumption differs and the coast route was longer than the road distance in any case .
Coastguard Ian Goodwin said : ' We passed on relevant safety advice and advised him that the best way to Southampton would be by train .
' However , he said he would get some fuel and get under way but asked us if he went left or right when he came out of the Swale . '
It is not known whether the man made it to Southampton .
Pinecrest High School got completely owned with what appears to be a hilarious , yet costly senior prank .
Assistant Principal Herb Hanson said that someone broke and removed the “ P , ” “ E ” and “ R ” signs that spell out the school ’s name on the front wall .
The remaining large , green letters spell out “ Incest High School . ”
Looks like this little stunt will set the school back about three bills .
Hanson said that Pinecrest High has a tradition and established guidelines for senior pranks , but this one went too far .
He said the missing letters will cost $ 100 each to replace .
source
“ Household deleveraging is clearing the decks for better consumer spending going forward , ” said Mr. Zandi .
Still , some economists note that many consumers are reaching into savings to finance spending , suggesting consumption could run out of fuel .
“ Look at employment and income , ” said Brian Bethune , chief United States financial economist at the economic analysis firm , IHS Global Insight .
“ It ’s glacial .
If we do n’t get strong growth in employment and income , we ’re really just building this up as a house of cards . ”
The American savings rate climbed during the recession but has recently fallen .
Among households in the top fifth of American incomes — those earning $ 98,000 a year and up — the savings rate dropped to 2 percent of income in the first half of 2007 and then spiked above 14 percent by the middle of 2008 , according to an analysis of Federal Reserve data by Economy.com .
By the end of last year , the savings rate of this group had slipped back to 3.5 percent .
Since the end of World War II , the first year after a recession tends to feature growth at roughly twice the pace of the decline during the downturn , implying a current pace exceeding 7 percent .
Yet even optimistic economists assume the economy is growing at perhaps half that rate .
“ I keep calling it a half - speed recovery , not the full - speed - ahead recovery that we typically get after deep , prolonged recessions , ” said Stuart Hoffman , chief economist at PNC Financial Services Group in Pittsburgh .
But at a Porsche dealership in downtown Los Angeles , the sales manager , Victor Ghassemi , has seen sales rise by about 5 percent in recent weeks , a trend he attributes to rising stock portfolios .
“ People get tired of holding on to their money , or just sitting at home and not doing anything , ” he said .
“ People love to shop .
And you take that privilege away from somebody , it lasts about a year .
Eventually , people want to come back .
They want to buy new merchandise , a new product , to make them feel really good about themselves . ”
If this is your first time visiting National Terror Alert you may want to subscribe to our RSS feed .
The National terror Alert feed features breaking news , alerts and bulletins on demand and it's free of charge ..
You will only see this message on your first visit to the site .
Thanks for visiting !
Violence in Mexico continues .
Gunmen ambushed two police vehicles at a busy intersection in this drug and violence - plagued city , killing seven officers and a 17 - year - old boy who was passing by , authorities said .
Six of the police officers killed in Friday ’s attack were federal , and one was a local police woman , said Enrique Torres Valadez , a spokesman for the state of Chihuahua , where Ciudad Juarez is located .
Two local police officers were in critical condition .
Authorities said the police officers had stopped to talk to a street vendor who flagged them down for help when gunmen opened fire from behind their pickup patrol trucks .
The assailants fled in three vehicles .
Investigators said they do n’t know why the officers were shot , although they do n’t believe they were targeted because of any recent arrests they had made .
No one has been arrested but police said they have recovered two of the three cars used in the shooting .
Hours after the attack , a painted message directed to top federal police commanders and claiming responsibility for the attack appeared on a wall in downtown Ciudad Juarez .
It was apparently signed by La Linea gang , the enforcement arm of the Juarez drug cartel .
The Juarez cartel has been locked in a bloody turf battle with the Sinaloa cartel , led by Joaquin “ El Chapo ” Guzman .
via FOXNews.com – 7 Mexican police officers killed in Ciudad Juarez .
Hi Everyone ,
I am 励志哥 [ li zhi ge , " Brother Inspiration " or " Brother Encouragement " ] , and if you are still complaining that you have bad luck and can’t find a good girl , take a look at me .
If you are still complaining that God is not fair to you , take a moment to take a look at me .
Let Brother come show you what is love .
Overwhelmed ?
Envious ?
Then emulate Brother , remember Brother , Brother is not a legend , Brother is called Brother Inspiration .
TRENTON -- Looking to blunt a steep business tax increase , Republican Gov. Chris Christie today proposed reducing some unemployment benefits .
Employers were set to see an increase in their unemployment tax starting July 1 because the state 's unemployment fund ran out of money and has been borrowing from the federal government .
Last month , Christie said he would let the full tax kick in , but today he said he was looking to lessen the tax burden to businesses by reducing unemployment benefits .
Under Christie 's proposal , the state would reduce the maximum weekly benefit for newly unemployed residents from $ 600 to $ 550 .
The governor also wants to require a one - week waiting period before benefits can be received and would require employees fired for " misconduct " to find other work for a prescribed period before becoming qualified again for unemployment benefits .
The governor 's proposal needs the approval of the Democratically controlled Legislature , which he did n't have today .
Assembly Speaker Sheila Oliver said she would support some element of Christie 's plan but was concerned about unemployed residents sharing the burden of the state 's money problems .
Later , she issued a joint statement with Assembly Majority Leader Joe Cryan calling the plan " ill - advised , " and " insensitive and unsound . "
Senate President Stephen M. Sweeney went further , calling the proposal a " total nonstarter . "
He said he would not consider any legislation to decrease benefits to the unemployed .
" The dead of winter is no time to leave New Jersey 's unemployed out in the cold , " Sweeney said .
On average , employers would have seen an increase of about $ 400 , or more than 50 percent , per employee .
The governor 's proposed changes would have only given them an increase of about $ 130 per employee , or a 17 percent hike , this year and would allow companies to prepare for future increases in advance .
Christie 's proposal would enable the state to stop borrowing from the federal government in 2013 , two years earlier than planned .
Christie rigorously defended the plan today , noting that New Jersey currently has the second - highest benefit payouts in the country and that 40 other states also require a one - week waiting period before paying unemployment benefits .
His plan would bump New Jersey down to the third most generous payouts .
Democrats note that the proposal would benefit employers who laid off workers so that they could avoid paying an increased unemployment tax .
Christie said that he was afraid employers would continue to lay people off if he did n't mitigate the tax increase .
The business tax increase is triggered by a growing shortfall in the state 's Unemployment Insurance Fund .
Business taxes are increased by law when the fund 's balance dips below a certain level as measured every March .
Christie has said the fund will be more than $ 1 billion in debt by March .
Unemployment in New Jersey climbed to a 33 - year high of 10.1 percent in December — the first time since October 2006 that the Garden State 's jobless rate eclipsed the national average of 10 percent .
Total employment in New Jersey fell to just over 3.91 million in December , with losses in both the public and private sectors .
According to the governor 's office , more than $ 4.6 billion was raided from the fund from 1992 to 2006 to pay for other state programs .
Growing joblessness as a result of the recession also put a massive strain on it .
" This is the wrong time , under the wrong economic conditions , to impose such an onerous and undeserved tax hike on New Jersey businesses , " Christie said .
" If we want to grow payrolls and improve our economy , we cannot ask businesses to shoulder the full brunt of the irresponsible budgeting policies that bankrupted the unemployment compensation fund in the first place . "
Other states are in similar positions .
According to the U.S. Department of Labor , 27 owe the federal government money for the unemployment benefits ; California is the highest at $ 6.7 billion , and New York and Pennsylvania have each borrowed more than $ 2 billion .
Talk show host Glenn Beck has made some enemies in a corner of American society where most Fox News pundits would prefer to have friends : The Christian community .
Beck has upset the socially - conscious , activist side of the Christian movement with comments last week that listeners should “ run ” from churches that talk about “ social justice ” because they are espousing ideas that came from communists and Nazis .
ADVERTISEMENT
On his radio show last week , Beck told his audience that churches which use the expression “ social justice ” are following an extremist agenda .
“ I ’m begging you , your right to religion and freedom to exercise religion and read all of the passages of the Bible as you want to read them and as your church wants to preach them … are going to come under the ropes in the next year , ” Beck said .
“ I beg you , look for the words ‘ social justice ’ or ‘ economic justice ’ on your church Web site .
If you find it , run as fast as you can .
Social justice and economic justice , they are code words .
Now , am I advising people to leave their church ?
Yes ! ”
Download an audio clip of the segment here .
Then , on his Fox News TV show , Beck explained why he felt so strongly about the issue .
“ Both the communists , who are on the left — they say — you know , these are communists .
And the Nazis are on the right , ” Beck said .
“ That ’s what people say .
But they both subscribed to one philosophy , and they flew one banner .
One had the hammer and sickle ; the other was a swastika .
But on each banner read the words , here in America , of this — ‘ social justice . ’
They talked about economic justice , rights of the workers , redistribution of wealth , and surprisingly — I love this — democracy . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Beck ’s linking of socially conscious churches to communism and Nazism has n’t sat well with some Christian groups .
Bread for the World , a Christian group devoted to eradicating world hunger , has started a petition to demand that Beck stop spreading “ misinformation and fear ” through his radio and TV broadcasts .
“ Economic and social justice are central to the gospel of Jesus Christ , ” the petition reads .
“ Quit using your bully pulpit to spread misinformation and fear by comparing faithful Christians who care ‘ for the least of these ’ to Nazis and communists . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The New Evangelical Partnership for the Common Good , a group advocating — among other things — nuclear disarmament and responsible environmental policies , has started a campaign to raise money towards a video rebuking Beck ’s assertion .
“ We are launching a campaign to reclaim love of neighbor , especially the least , last , and lost , as an Evangelical Christian value .
We believe love is central to everything Jesus taught , and we think Glenn Beck needs to hear about it , ” the group stated on its Web site .
ADVERTISEMENT
Beck has been railing against “ progressive ” churches for some time now .
Last December , he said churches where preachers supported health care reform had been “ infiltrated ” by un-American ideas .
“ If you see things that are now being preached about from the puplpit in many churches about health care , warning .
Warning .
Many churches have been infiltrated with this line of thinking that is absolutely against the freedoms that our founding fathers designed , ” Beck said .
According to the Financial Times newspaper , Full Tilt Poker , the world ’s second largest online poker site , is being investigated on money laundering charges .
A “ federal grand jury in Manhattan ” had taken up the case .
The article , which was published on Monday by a Financial Times reporter in San Francisco , read in part , “ A federal grand jury in Manhattan is investigating one of the largest internet poker sites serving U.S. gamblers and could bring indictments against some of the world ’s best known professional players , according to people familiar with the case and a subpoena issued to a witness this week . ”
Two poker players singled out are Howard Lederer and Chris Ferguson , whose names were brought to light in a civil suit last year as having an ownership stake in the company .
Besides Lederer and Ferguson , other members of Team Full Tilt include 2009 World Series of Poker ( WSOP ) Main Event November Nine member Phil Ivey , 2008 WSOP Europe Main Event winner John Juanda , fundraiser extraordinaire Jennifer Harman , and “ Poker Edge ” host Phil Gordon .
The Financial Times did not name anyone besides Lederer and Ferguson as being involved in the investigation .
Federal agents have purportedly honed in on money laundering charges .
On their significance , the Financial Times explains , “ Money laundering charges might be attractive to the government as they would compel cooperation from authorities even in countries where gambling is legal . ”
Subpoenas issued in the case allegedly claim that internet gambling is illegal in the United States , a statement many industry insiders would disagree with .
The Financial Times spoke to attorney Eric Jackson , who is representing Ferguson and Lederer in a separate civil case .
Jackson told the news outlet , “ We are not going to comment about a speculative grand jury investigation that we are not aware of . ”
Also reacting was noted gambling and the law expert I. Nelson Rose , who told the Times , “ [ The Federal Government is ] waging this war of intimidation .
There are not a lot of good statutes , so they go after high - profile targets and try to intimidate everybody . ”
Full Tilt Poker is the industry ’s second largest site , trailing only PokerStars in traffic .
Both online poker rooms happily accept players from the United States .
Full Tilt Poker boasts a seven - day running average of 16,400 real money ring game players according to PokerScout.com , while PokerStars hosts nearly double that total at 29,800 .
Full Tilt Poker ’s traffic has skyrocketed 44 % year over year , while PokerStars ’ has mushroomed by 29 % over the same time period .
The rumored investigation is the latest event in a U.S. Government crackdown of the industry .
Recently , authorities in Maryland sought a civil forfeiture of funds destined for online poker players .
The forfeiture documents single out four online poker sites – Absolute Poker , Bodog , Full Tilt , and PokerStars – and charge that “ the above - mentioned sites all have engaged in betting or wagering in violation of Maryland law . ”
The Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act ( UIGEA ) was passed in 2006 at the urging of then - Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist ( R - TN ) .
In 2009 , the Third Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the UIGEA did not make any online activity illegal .
Instead , the legality of internet gambling may ultimately depend on state law .
The Wire Act , passed in 1961 , has traditionally applied to online wagers on sports and has not been formally updated to encompass internet wagering .
This is n’t the first time that Full Tilt Poker has been in the hot seat .
In mid-February , a suit filed by poker pro Clonie Gowen claiming 1 % ownership in Full Tilt was dismissed .
Recently dismissed was an investigation involving the FBI over the failed television series “ Face the Ace ” that centers on copyright infringement .
In December , a bot lawsuit filed by Lary “ pokergirl z ” Kennedy and Greg Omotoy reached a new twist when the background of plaintiff lawyer Cyrus Sanai was questioned .
The case was originally filed in October and cites the Racketeer - Influenced Corrupt Organization ( RICO ) Act .
Full
Tilt ’s domain name is being threatened in Kentucky , where the state ’s Justice and Public Safety Cabinet seized the rights to 141 internet gambling URLs , including those belonging to PokerStars and Absolute Poker .
Full Tilt Poker has taken steps to preserve its domain name in a U.K. court , but FullTiltPoker.com is still identified by name in the ongoing legal action .
Read the entire Financial Times article .
I should say immediately that there ’s nothing here about the controversy over a new public library for San Diego , but if you ’re bugged by problems with online information retrieval , this may interest you .
I ’d like to draw attention to a blog that has some very interesting discussions about library catalogs ( it can sometimes be quite technical for casual readers ) .
It ’s called First thus : thoughts about the future of libraries and the catalog and is hosted by James Weinheimer , Director of Library and Information Services at the American University of Rome .
A recent series of posts looks at differences between doing research with online tools like Google ( which entails typing keywords into a box to retrieve large quantities of results arranged to suit Google ’s business needs ) , compared to using card catalogs ( which allow navigation of information that has been conceptually organized ) .
This excerpt from one post illustrates :
Research has shown that some 80 % or more people rate their searching abilities as “ very good ” or “ expert ” .
And they may be , for a mundane task such as finding the height of Mt. Everest , getting somebody ’s email address , or finding and buying a new Ipod on Amazon.com .
( More or less what librarians term “ ready reference ” )
But once they are confronted with the task of finding information for a class paper–even on extremely simple topics such as the one I gave you –they discover they are helpless and do n’t know anything at all .
They do n’t know where to begin ; they do n’t know how to end ; they do n’t know anything except to type different words into a box and it ’s not working .
This is when they come to the reference librarian for help , and in my experience , they are more or less in a state of shock and totally panicked .
Something has been lost with keyword searching as a replacement for the card catalog .
Another part of the discussion expands :
During the time of the card catalog and before , people never searched “ text ” like they do today because it was n’t possible .
They browsed cards that were arranged in a conceptual manner .
You could arrange these concepts primarily in two ways .
First was a classified way as they did in many European libraries , and so you would search for “ dogs ” under animals–vertebrates–mammals … ( whatever the classification is ) .
In the US , they opted for the “ Dictionary catalog ” which used alphabetical order ( and then some classified arrangements after that ) so that you searched for “ dogs ” by going to “ D ” and browsing to “ dogs ” and perhaps finding a cross-reference to “ Canines . ”
This is still what we do .
Is n’t that freaky ?!
This is why I say that taking a record outside of the catalog it belongs to is a bit like taking a fish out of water : it ca n’t really exist on its own because it is so reliant on so many other things .
It becomes more or less senseless and will die on its own .
And an example from this post :
Library catalogs aim for reliable search results and not the “ best ” results .
If I am interested in “ love ” and search in a library catalog with full cross-references , and I do it correctly , that is , following the methods laid down in the 19th - century for using card and printed catalogs ( please keep reading ! ) , I look under “ L ” browse to “ Love ” and find : Narrower Term : Attachment behavior .
Narrower Term : Communism and love .
Narrower Term : Courtly love
Narrower Term : Courtship .
Narrower Term : God ( Christianity ) –Love .
Narrower Term : God ( Christianity ) –Worship and love .
Narrower Term : God ( Hinduism ) –Worship and love
Narrower Term : God ( Islam ) –Love [ proposed ]
Narrower Term : God ( Islam ) –Worship and love .
Narrower Term : God ( Islam ) –Worship and love [ proposed update ]
Narrower Term : God ( Judaism ) –Love .
Narrower Term : God ( Judaism ) –Worship and love .
Narrower Term : God–Love .
Narrower Term : God–Worship and love .
Narrower Term : Love , Maternal .
Narrower Term : Love , Paternal .
Narrower Term : Marriage .
Narrower Term : Platonic love .
Narrower Term : Summer romance
Narrower Term : Unrequited love .
Narrower Term : Yoga , Bhakti .
See Also : First loves
See Also : Friendship .
See Also : Intimacy ( Psychology ) I think this is a provocative display that actually opens my mind to new possibilities that otherwise …
And as summary :
Google has done an excellent job of making it seem to be simple , and they have done this by designing a tool to make people happy , but we should not confuse this with providing results that are reliable and comprehensible , which is what people really want .
And it has serious consequences , as students will tell you .
This problem is why there are so many ongoing experiments in semantic searching and artificial intelligence techniques — they ’re trying to recover what the effective use of card catalogs could accomplish .
Mr. Weinheimer writes that attempts such as Aquabrowser and Vivisimo are worthy projects but nothing really as effective has yet been developed .
The blog is First thus .
It ’s worth keeping an eye on .
This Tomes and Talismans episode ( first in a series ) seems appropriate to include here ( thanks for the tip , @starwed ) :
The $ 1.7 trillion created out of nothing will vanish as the bonds are sold on the open market .
Not too quickly , let us hope .
Easy money must cushion the blow of spending cuts .
Even talk of ending QE amounts to tightening .
While the US economy has begun to create jobs again – plus 114,000 in March , stripping out short - term census workers – there were false dawns in 2002 and 1982 .
The broader U6 jobless rate nudged up to 16.9 pc .
( CNN ) --
Healthier men , no matter their age , are going to have better sex more frequently and desire it more often than healthier women .
And a healthier sex life could mean a longer life .
That 's according to a paper written by University of Chicago researchers that was published Tuesday in the British Medical Journal .
While the supposition that men think about sex more than women is n't new , the paper 's findings have wider implication for attitudes toward public health and how patients respond to doctors ' advice , said Dr. Stacy Tessler Lindau , an associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology and geriatric medicine who spearheaded the research .
" If you are a man diagnosed with diabetes or high blood pressure and I tell you that you need to lose weight and take medication , and I can say the benefit is five extra years of sex life , you might be more inclined to do what I tell you , " she explained .
Lindau said that women generally reported wanting less sex or receiving it less often for three reasons :
Women outlive men by an average of five to six years and without a partner , women are less likely to engage in sex .
Secondly , there 's a Western cultural acceptance -- and removal of stigma -- of men who have erectile dysfunction and have turned to relatively recently marketed drugs such as Viagra ; women do n't have that .
" Also , there 's a difference in how we treat women for other diseases that affect their sexual desire , " Lindau said .
" If a woman is diagnosed with breast cancer and she has , for example , her breasts removed , and we never counsel her about her sexual function , we start to realize how many years of life she 's losing .
Not doing those things could mean 10 years of lost sexual activity . "
There are no FDA approved treatments for female sexual dysfunction other than estrogen to treat pain with intercourse , she said .
Lindau 's paper was sponsored by the nonprofit National Institutes of Health .
The paper considers data from two previously published studies that included more than 6,000 men and women , split into two co-ed groups :
The first was age 25 to 74 .
The second group was age 57 to 85 .
Ninety - eight percent of participants reported having sexual partners only of the opposite sex , she said .
Roughly 80 percent of men and 65 percent of women in the study were married or living with a partner .
None of the study 's participants was in a nursing home .
Questions were presented that asked them to give their relationship status and rate their health and the quality of their sex life from poor to excellent .
Excellent was defined not by the number of times someone had sex but the emotional and physical satisfaction of the experience .
But , the survey described having sex " regularly " as two to three times a month , said Lindau .
Sex was defined to the 57 - to 85 - year - old group as " any mutually voluntary activity with another person that involves sexual contact , whether or not intercourse or orgasm occurs " in the past year .
For the same time frame , those in the 25 - 74 age group were asked if they had " had sex with anyone . "
Participants had the option of assigning a number rating to their sex life , including " 0 " for " the worst possible situation . "
That phrase was up to them to interpret , said Lindau .
The physician concluded that men are more likely to be sexually active , have what they believe is better sex and are consistently more interested in sex than women .
This drive for sex among men and the feeling that the sex they get is high quality does n't diminish with age .
Lindau said it was difficult to ascertain exactly how many of these participants might have taken erectile dysfunction drugs .
If men stay in good shape , they can enjoy more years of good sex , the study says .
At age 55 , men in very good or excellent health on average gained five to seven years of sexually active life compared with their peers in poorer health .
Women in very good shape gained 3 to 6 more years of a quality sex life than women who are less healthy .
For women 60 years and older , sex dropped off significantly overall and was even lower among those without partners .
For men in that age range , having a partner did n't matter -- they still wanted sex consistently , the study found .
Among 75 - to 85 - year - old men , four out of 10 were still having sex , compared with two out of 10 women that age .
Women whose partners were still alive , however , were having just as much sex as men , said Lindau .
" I do n't want to perpetuate the notion that older women do n't desire sex , " she said .
" There 's a glass half full here .
There 's a big hunk of older women still having sex .
Women who initiate relationships later in life -- they describe passionate love and sex like the way younger people do . "
Lindau said she was frustrated that her sampling was limited to heterosexuals , a typical quandary many experience when testing this topic , she said .
She hopes to conduct another study focusing on aging homosexuals , bisexuals or people whose biological sex cannot be classified as either male or female .
The organic compound triclosan is a polychlorophenoxy phenol , with an International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry ( IUPAC ) name of 5 - chloro -2-( 2,4- dichlorophenoxy ) phenol .
The chlorinated aromatic compound is present in such products as deodorants , shaving creams and gels , dishwashing liquids , toothpastes , mouthwashes , and cleaning supplies .
It is also found in toys , workout clothing , bedding , trash bags , and other consumer products .
Triclosan is useful in controlling and reducing bacterial contamination , which is why it is often found in hand sanitizers .
Recent studies involving triclosan , however , has shown that triclosan can alter hormone levels in animals .
In other studies , scientists found that triclosan increased bacterial resistance to antibiotics .
According to the April 8 , 2010 Washington
Post article FDA says studies on triclosan , used in sanitizers and soaps , raise concerns , ' The FDA and the Environmental Protection Agency say they are taking a fresh look at triclosan , which is so ubiquitous that is found in the urine of 75 percent of the population , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . ' Although the FDA does not think triclosan is dangerous to the health of users , it is reviewing the chemical as to whether it is even needed in products it is presently used within .
The FDA says that products without triclosan seem to be as effective as products with triclosan .
Page two continues .
Specifically , according to the April 9 , 2010 Associated Press article FDA reviews antiseptic chemical in soap , ' The FDA agreed to look into the safety of triclosan at the request of Congressman Edward Markey , D - Mass .
On Thursday Markey called on the FDA and the Environmental Protection Agency to ban the substance from use in personal hygiene products , children 's toys or food .
' U.S. Representative Edward ' Ed' J. Markey , from the seventh district of Massachusetts , stated within the AP article , " Despite the fact that this chemical is found in everything from soaps to socks , there are many troubling questions about triclosan 's effectiveness and potentially harmful effects , especially for children . '
 Doug Throckmorton , deputy director of the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , stated within the Washington Post article : ' For triclosan , the science is changing .
Based on what we know , we do n't have evidence to suggest this chemical is a threat to human health .
However , we have to understand better the health effects and we have to work with other agencies to collect that information and then decide whether or not we need to change how it 's regulated . "
The discovery of a new fossil turtle species in Colombia 's Cerrejón coal mine by researchers from the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute in Panama and the Florida Museum of Natural History helps to explain the origin of one of the most biodiverse groups of turtles in South America .
Cerrejonemys wayuunaiki takes its genus name from Cerrejón , and emys -- Greek for turtle .
Its species name is the language spoken by the Wayuu people who live on the Guajira Peninsula in northeastern Colombia near the mine .
About as thick as a standard dictionary , this turtle 's shell may have warded off attacks by the Titanoboa , thought to have been the world 's biggest snake , and by other , crocodile - like creatures living in its neighborhood 60 million years ago .
" The fossils from Cerrejón provide a snapshot of the first modern rainforest in South America -- after the big Cretaceous extinctions and before the Andes rose , modern river basins formed and the Panama land bridge connected North and South America , " explains Carlos Jarmillo , staff scientist at the Smithsonian who studies the plants from Cerrejón .
" We are still trying to understand why six of this turtle 's modern relatives live in the Amazon , Orinoco and Magdalena river basins of South America and one lives in Madagascar , " explains Edwin Cadena , first author of the study and a doctoral candidate at North Carolina State University .
" It closes an important gap in the fossil record and supports the idea that the group originated near the tip of South America before the continent separated from India and Madagascar more than 90 million years ago . "
Cadena will characterize two more new turtle species and analyze the histology of fossil turtle bones from the Cerrejón site .
" I hope this will give us an even better understanding of turtle diversity in the region and some important clues about the environment where they lived . "
If you do n’t know the name , you might know some of his work – particularly , you might recall his spoof of the Obama Change campaign poster , featuring Optimus Prime ( “ Change … into a truck ” ) , or his Bill Murray profile piece , if not his other pop culture tinged prints .
Oh , and you should TOTALLY remember his Crazy 4 Cult poster , which was featured here at PC .
Well ,
Tim ’s got a corker this time and it ’s being offered in limited quantities to readers of Nakatomi Inc .
The design is a tall , screen printed rendering of the Ghostbusters firehall , with the Ecto - 1 about to emerge .
And if that was n’t cool enough , a limited amount of the limited amount will glow - in - the - dark .
Thanks to Chogrin for the heads up !
Pablo Solon , part 1 . Parts 2 and 3 below .
April 11 , 2010 -- World People ’s Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth via Climate and Capitalism .
More than 10,000 individuals and 50 governments have already registered to participate in the historic World People ’s Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth in Cochabamba , Bolivia , on April 19 - 22 , 2010 .
Pablo Solon , Bolivia ’s ambassador to the UN , at a press conference during UNFCCC negotiations in Bonn on April 10 condemned continued attempts by some developed countries to impose a deeply flawed Copenhagen Accord as the basis for future negotiations :
The only way to get negotiations back on track not just for Bolivia or other countries , but for all of life , biodiversity , our Mother Earth is to put civil society back into the process .
Solon explained it was this belief that motivated Bolivia to host an historic World Peoples ’ Summit on Climate Change and Rights of Mother Earth , to which more than 15,000 people and up to 70 governments are expected to attend .
“ The central aim of any climate summit is not to save itself and accept any outcome , but to come to an agreement that will save humanity . ”
Solon said that the Copenhagen Accord sadly marked a “ backwards step ” so could never be acceptable as a basis for further negotiations .
Solon pointed out that the European Union ’s own analysis of the Copenhagen Accord admitted that it would lead to an increase of temperatures of up to four or five degrees Celsius .
This is no kind of solution .
Yet at these talks [ in Bonn ] we never hear developed nations admitting concern over this .
Instead the US claims this is the best agreement we have had .
Are we really willing to say that allowing temperatures to rise to four or five degrees is a good goal ?
Solon reiterated the demands of many developing nations by calling on industrialised nations to rebuild trust .
“ You can not rebuild trust by legalizing the same methods that led to the failure in Copenhagen . ”
Solon called for talks to be returned to the full UNFCCC process , and to develop on what had been agreed in COP15 .
Solon commenting on news that the US and Denmark were withdrawing aid from countries like Bolivia for their opposition to the Copenhagen Accord said , “ This in their right , but unfair and clearly an attempt to punish Bolivia .
What kind of negotiation is it where you lose money if you disagree ? ”
Solon said that Bolivia would not back down due to such threats .
“ We are a country with dignity and sovereignty and will maintain our position . ”
Australian climate activists to attend summit
By Simon Butler
April 10 , 2010 -- Australian climate activists will join thousands of other people at the World People 's Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth in Cochabamba , Bolivia over April 19 - 22 .
Billed as a people 's alternative to the corporate - dominated Copenhagen climate summit in December , the Bolivian conference has the support of more than 240 radical climate action groups and organisations worldwide .
Up to 15,000 people are expected to take part in the 17 different issue - based working groups held during the conference .
The working groups include : outlining the structural causes of climate change ; the dangers of carbon markets ; sustainable agriculture and food sovereignty ; and developing climate action strategies .
Conference attendees will also be asked to discuss and endorse proposals for a world referendum on climate change , a “ universal declaration on the rights of Mother Earth ” and the formation of an International Climate Justice Tribunal .
Gemma Weedall , an Adelaide - based climate activist with the Climate Emergency Action Network ( SA ) , told Green Left Weekly she was going to Cochabamba " because I recognise that we are facing a climate emergency .
I think the current economic model that we are working under is incompatible with addressing the climate problem .
So I think this is a really important alternative conference .
I 'm really interested to learn about the problem from the perspective of the global South . "
Weedall intends to take part in two conference working groups — the climate migrants stream , introduced by The Shock Doctrine author Naomi Klein , and the climate debt stream , introduced by renowned Uruguayan writer Eduardo Galeano .
She also said she supported the Bolivian government 's call for developed countries to aim for a maximum average warming of 1° Celsius .
“ I 'd vote for that [ in a referendum ] .
I think 1 °C is much more appropriate than the 2 °C target set at Copenhagen .
Having a target of 2 °C threatens the existence of low - lying islands . "
Another conference attendee , Ben Courtice , told GLW he also thought 1 °C of warming was a good target .
But he stressed " targets of how much warming we can accept are only one part of it .
We also need a strategy to draw carbon down out of the atmosphere , otherwise the carbon already released will drive warming well above 1°C . ”
Courtice , an activist with Melbourne 's Climate Emergency Network and the Socialist Alliance , said the conference " is our first opportunity to resurrect something useful out of the ashes of Copenhagen .
[ Out of it ] something better can be put forward to the world to stop climate change . ”
He also endorsed Bolivia 's President Evo Morales ' condemnation of capitalism at the Copenhagen climate summit .
" I think it 's essential that the international climate movement develops a critique of capitalism .
This is important not only to deal with climate change but [ also to achieve ] social justice . "
Rising Tide Newcastle activist Steve Denshire told GLW : “ The position of the Bolivian government gives a new hope for people that have been so disappointed in the outcome in Copenhagen . ”
He will take a slideshow presentation the conference " of some of the direct action protests we 've been part of [ in Australia ] in the past few years .
The aim is to show people in the global South that they have support — that the attitude of the Australian government [ on climate change ] is n’t necessarily the attitude of the Australian people . ”
Denshire said he intends to meet climate activists from countries that import Australian coal to discuss joint campaigns .
“ We want to bring back some inspiration for movement building ” , he said .
“ Campaigners in the global South have had strong successes in the past .
We want to learn more about this and inject it into the movement here . ”
Naomi Hogan , an activist with Climate Action Newtown , said she hoped to gain a " fresh perspective and greater insights about what is happening with activists and indigenous people around the world who are campaigning against climate change .
The conference will give people a good opportunity to make links with other people — we are all affected by climate change so we all need to work together and build connections . ”
Hogan also said the conference 's call for an International Climate Justice Tribunal was important .
" Climate justice is something that is left off the radar in many climate change discussions .
The idea of having a climate justice tribunal is to put a spotlight on the issue that people 's rights are being taken away from them all over the world . "
[ Click here for more details about the conference .
This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly issue # 833 , April 14 , 2010 . ]
You need Flash
NathanTaylor.com.au requires Flash 8 or higher .
You need to upgrade your Flash Player
Upgrade Flash
There are 289 active coronavirus cases in Victoria , the first time that figure has been below 300 since June 29 .
But in grim news , another two people have died with COVID - 19 in the past 24 hours , bringing the state ’s death toll to 800 since the pandemic began .
There have been 15 new cases of COVID - 19 [… ]
Android tablets , such as the WePad , are already starting to appear .
Chip giant Intel has revealed that it can run Google 's Android operating system on its Atom chips .
The low - powered chips are designed specifically for portable devices such as smartphones and netbooks .
The move is significant because before now Android has most often been found on mobile phones based around chips designed by UK firm Arm .
The move is likely to help Google push into handheld gadgets including tablets such as Apple 's iPad .
The information was revealed by Renee James , general manager of Intel 's software and services group , during a session at the chip firm 's developer conference in Beijing .
" Intel is enabling all OSes for Atom phones , " Ms James is quoted as saying by PC World .
Ms James added that Intel already has Android running on Atom and also has many customers interested in applying the work .
If widely taken up it could help Google expand the number of devices that can run the operating system beyond the smartphones where it is most widely used .
It would also aid Intel 's mobile ambitions and help it spread its chips far beyond PCs running Windows .
Many believe that devices such as slates and tablets , which are bigger than smartphones but smaller than a laptop , could prove very popular with consumers in the near future .
The news comes as Google boss Eric Schmidt hinted to the New York Times that the firm is readying its own tablet PC similar to Apple 's iPad .
Google said it would not comment on speculation about an own - brand tablet .
Intel is not the first to get Android running on the chip .
In 2009 , Acer put Android on an Atom notebook and chip firm MIPS has also ported it to run in set - top boxes , digital picture frames and media players .
Atom - powered Netbooks , such as Nokia 's Booklet 3G , have been out for some time and 2010 will see the arrival of one of the first smartphones using Atom - the GW990 from LG .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The nation ’s largest telco Telstra has been forced into a public apology towards much smaller ISP Exetel after the smaller ISP filed a lawsuit against Telstra in early March .
Telstra this morning posted the above apology in the Australian newspaper , with Exetel chief John Linton additionally posting on his blog that the judge in the case had decided that Telstra would pay Exetel ’s court costs .
Linton never completely explained the situation behind the lawsuit , although it appears as if the case revolves around credit checking agency Veda Advantage .
In Telstra ’s statement this morning , the company said it had reported to Veda that Exetel had defaulted on three of its contracts , relying on third party information for the claim .
Telstra “ acknowledges that these entries were incorrect and has had all of them removed from Exetel ’s corporate credit report , ” Telstra ’s advertisement stated .
In March Linton wrote he had taken Telstra to court to “ attempt to get redress for the most obvious of their operational inequities . ”
“ There is no question that Telstra remains an organisation that is unbelievably hard to deal with and has reached a stage of contented bloatedness where even one of its legal representatives laughed without a hint of ruefulness at the concept that Telstra might like to act in a timely way to the matters being discussed , ” he added .
This morning Linton crowed over those who had told him “ how stupid Exetel was to take Telstra to court to force them to publicly apologise for their unconscionable behaviour , although he described Telstra ’s apology as “ mealy mouthed ” .
Image credit : Telstra
I was setting up a server recently and I was using KVM to virtualise a whole lot of hosts .
Being fairly unimaginative I decided to call the machine kvm .
As usual I used LVM for the disks .
Now on Ubuntu this means that by default the VG will be called the same as the host name .
This means the root LV will appear on the system as / dev/ kvm / root .
When they KVM modules are loaded , they try and create a device called / dev/kvm .
This fails pretty miserably since / dev/kvm is already a directory due to LVM shenanigans .
Not all is lost though if you ’ve done a lot of setup like I had .
You can rename VGs .
Simply boot from your Ubuntu install CD , choose rescue mode and then jump into a shell .
First you deactivate the LVs using
vgchange -a n
then you can rename the VG using
vgrename kvm kvmvg
Not sure whether I should file this problem as a bug .
It is a bit of a weird situation .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Cut - price clothes retailer Primark has pulled a " disgraceful " range of kids ' bikinis featuring padded tops , following a barrage of criticism over the ill - considered apparel .
According to the BBC , the bikinis for girls as young as seven came in " candy pink with gold stars and black with white polka dots " at four quid a pop , and quickly had politicos queuing up to administer a shoeing .
Tory supremo David Cameron fulminated this morning on BBC London Radio : " There is a classic example today where Primark are apparently pushing padded bras on seven - year - olds , which I think is completely disgraceful .
" The sort of country I want * is one where it is not just the government [ that ] feels outraged about the early commercialisation and sexualisation of our children but companies should stop doing it , they should take some responsibility . "
LibDem equality spokesperson Lynne Featherstone chipped in with : " Primark 's decision is welcome but how on earth could they have thought that this was a good idea in the first place ?
Young children need our protection and should n’t be the prey of greedy retailers selling them adult products . "
She insisted : " I will be writing to all the big retailers and asking them to pledge to stamp this kind of sexualisation of children . "
Penny Nicholls , director of children and young people at The Children 's Society , also slammed the " premature sexualisation " of kids , which along with " unprincipled advertising " , is doing young 'uns no good at all .
She said : " The evidence shows that adults feel children are more materialistic than in past generations , while children themselves feel under pressure to keep up with the latest trends .
We need a significant change at the heart of society where adults stand up for better values . "
Child protection consultant Shy Keenan , of The Phoenix Chief Advocates , which " helps victims of paedophiles " , thundered : " It never fails to amaze me just how many High Street household names are now prepared to exploit the disgusting ' paedophile pound ' . " **
A spokesman for suitably repentant Primark said : " The company has stopped the sale of this product line with immediate effect .
Primark will donate all the profits made from this product line to a children 's charity , and apologises to customers for any offence caused . " ®
Bootnotes
* No , Dave , the sort of country you really want is one with you running it .
Nice job getting some election mileage out of the Primark outrage , though .
** We 're not quite sure what Keenan 's going on about here , or indeed what colour this " paedophile pound " might be , although we 're certain it'll contain a touch of glitter .
A senior Google exec yesteday suggested that if the company does n't get its way over Street View data retention , it may stop prowling the European Union 's highways and byways .
Speaking to Bloomberg at CeBIT , where Street View has been charming Germans with a fleet of touchy - feely spymobiles , Google Earth founder Michael Jones bemoaned the EU 's insistence that original , unblurred Street View images be stored for just six months , rather than 12 .
Google has always maintained it needs to keep the pics on file to enable it to respond to privacy - related complaints from the the unwashed masses .
However , the head of EU data protection agencies recently described a year as " disproportionate " .
Alex Turk also demanded that Google " should always give advance notice on its website and in the local or national press before it takes pictures " .
If the EU gets its way , Jones said , then Google " would consider whether we want to drive through Europe again , because it would make the expense so draining " .
Jones insisted that the Great Satan of Mountain View can't cut storage times because it " ca n’t reprocess its data quicker because of software restraints " .
He added : “ I think that privacy is more important than technology but for privacy people it is only about privacy but for us it is also about technology .
We have to be actually able to do what they want us to do .
What we want is to have enough time . ”
Quite what Google 's threat would mean in practice is unclear .
Presumably it would n't axe Street View across the EU , but rather simply not update or extend the service .
Street View is n't throwing in the towel just yet , though .
Regarding Germany , where it has met a certain amount of resistance , Jones said : “ I ’m not going to quit on Germany .
Privacy laws are respected and we give them a great deal of consideration , but I hope we will find a positive way to include Germany and the people of Germany . ”
Concessions to the good burghers of Germany include the usual face and numberplate blurring , and a novel pre-launch opt - out service for citizens , which will enable them to request the removal of their property before the service goes live later this year .
Jones hinted at a reason why Google is pandering to the privacy - sensitive Germans , when it usually shoots first and arm - wrestles later : the country is the " number one user of Google Maps in Europe " , he noted . ®
Analysis of mummified baboons in the British Museum has revealed the location of the land of Punt as the area between Ethiopia and Eritrea .
To the Egyptians , Punt was a place of fragrances , giraffes , electrum and other exotic goods , and was sometimes referred to as Ta- netjer , or ' God ’s land ' .
There are several ancient Egyptian texts that record trade voyages to the Land of Punt , dating up until the end of the New Kingdom , 3,000 years ago .
But until now scholars did not know where Punt was .
Ancient texts offer only vague allusions to its location and no ' Puntite ' civilization has been discovered .
Somalia , Ethiopia , Yemen and even Mozambique have all been offered as possible locations .
However , it appears that the search for Punt may have come to an end according to new research which claims to prove that it was located in Eritrea / East Ethiopia .
Live baboons were among the goods that we know the Egyptians got from Punt .
The research team included Professor Salima Ikram from the Egyptian Museum , Cairo , and Professor Nathaniel Dominy and graduate student Gillian Leigh Moritz , both from the University of California , Santa Cruz .
The team studied two baboon mummies in the British Museum .
By analysing hairs from these baboons using oxygen isotope analysis , they were able to work out where they originated .
Oxygen isotopes act as a ' signal ' that can let scientists know where they came from .
Depending on the environment an animal lived in , the ratio of different isotopes of oxygen will be different .
“ Oxygen tends to vary as a function of rainfall and the water composition of plants and seed , ” said Professor Nathaniel Dominy of UC Santa Cruz .
Only one of the two baboons was suitable for the research – the other had spent time in Thebes as an exotic pet , and so its isotopic data had been distorted .
Working on the baboon discovered in the Valley of the Kings , the researchers compared the oxygen isotope values in the ancient baboons to those found in their modern day brethren .
Although isotope values in baboons in Somalia , Yemen and Mozambique did not match , those in Eritrea and Eastern Ethiopia were closely matched .
“ All of our specimens in Eritrea and a certain number of our specimens from Ethiopia – that are basically due west from Eritrea – those are good matches , ” said Professor Dominy .
The team were unable to compare the mummies with baboons in Yemen .
However , Professor Dominy reasoned that “ We can tell , based on the isotopic maps of the region , that a baboon from Yemen would look an awful lot like a baboon from Somalia isotopically . ”
As Somalia is definitely not the place of origin for the baboon , this suggests that Yemen is not the place of origin either .
He concluded that “ We think Punt is a sort of circumscribed region that includes eastern Ethiopia and all of Eritrea . ”
The team also think that they may have discovered the location of the harbour that the Egyptians would have used to export the baboons and other goods back to Egypt .
Dominy points to an area just outside the modern city of Massawa : “ We have a specimen from that same harbour and that specimen is a very good match to the mummy . ”
By Candace Piette
BBC News , Buenos Aires
The book scheme is beginning with the works of Jorge Luis Borges
In the cool marble and gilt splendour of one of the old cafes of Buenos Aires , a customer picks up a book from a smart new bookcase .
He takes it back to his table and begins reading while he sips his coffee .
Lovers of literature have been meeting in the cafe at the Hotel Castelar in the centre of the Argentine capital for decades .
It was , from the 1930s to the 1960s , at the heart of the city 's literary life .
Great writers of the Spanish - speaking world , among them Federico Garcia Lorca , Pablo Neruda and Julio Cortazar , visited here .
The cafe has now been chosen with 14 others , all connected with what is considered the richest period in Argentine literature , for a new city government scheme to promote reading .
The plan is to put books on display in cafes and encourage patrons to pick them up and read them while they are there .
The first collection chosen for the scheme is the works of perhaps Argentina 's most brilliant and complex writer , Jorge Luis Borges .
Clients at the Cafe Poesia are more interested in chatting or their laptops " The most beautiful thing about reading is talking about it , " says Hernan Lombardi , Buenos Aires 's Minister of Culture .
" There is nothing more lovely than reading some Borges and meeting a friend in a cafe who is doing the same .
Part of stimulating people to read is stimulating people to talk about what they read , " he says .
Borges - poet , writer and former director of the Argentine National Library - loved Buenos Aires and his own dreamlike version of the city was the landscape for many of his stories and poems .
Until the mid-1970s Argentines were one of the most educated and literate communities in Latin America .
Argentina had an excellent public education system and a vibrant and successful publishing industry which produced books for the whole region .
Education ' key '
But the advent of military rule in 1974 had a huge impact .
Books were banned and writers attacked and murdered .
Literary output slowed as economic mismanagement and under - investment in education began to erode the tradition of reading and literary output .
The 2001 economic crisis dealt another blow to the publishing industry , hitting production and sales .
Publishing plummeted to 17 m books a year , a third of the total in 1974 and half the number published annually in the 1950s .
According to Argentine publishing industry research , today only 10 % of the population buys and reads books , while half of Argentines never do .
Books have become a luxury for many .
If you have feelings about reading , you feel the rhythm of prose or of a poem like music .
It awakens something in your soul
Maria Kodama
Borges ' widow
They also compete for attention , as in much of the world , with electronic media .
At the Cafe Poesia , also chosen for the new reading scheme , many people sit in front of laptops now to work and read , unaware of the new Borges selection of works in the corner in its government bookcase .
Gaston Basile , a university and secondary school literature teacher , feels the scheme is elitist .
" The initiative will only appeal to people who already read , the well - educated middle class who drop into cafes and might find these books attractive .
How do we encourage other people , especially the lower classes ?
How do we promote reading at these levels ? "
For Mr Basile , the government needs to focus on teacher training and curriculum reform .
" Investment in education is the key , and how we promote and teach reading from an early age , " he says .
" Reading does n't come naturally to children nowadays ; they need to be taught to read and motivated by teachers and also find books that are not only texts to study but sources of entertainment , enjoyment and pleasure . "
Book fair The Buenos Aires city government says other authors , both Argentine and foreign , will be celebrated over the coming months in the 15 designated cafes .
The collections are also going into the city 's network of 24 libraries .
Roberto Lightowler , of the publishing company Editora Planeta , was responsible for the publication of the Borges collection .
He says the Argentine government has been working hard to meet the challenge of a declining reading public .
" Since 2000 the Ministry of Education has been making large book purchases for school libraries not only of text books but also of literature , " Mr Lightowler says .
Other schemes are also helping to promote reading , he says .
" The government has also been putting into schools what they define as the 100 most important books and they are now making a second purchase of this collection .
Will the book collections stir an appetite for reading ?
" And at city level , two years ago the Buenos Aires city education authorities started a scheme to give out three books a year to school children so they can start building their own libraries at home . "
Despite the drop in the number of readers , Argentina 's publishing industry has recovered in recent years , doubling the number of titles being published since 2001 .
There were around 22,000 new titles last year and , on average , 70 m copies are being published a year .
A normal print run is around 3,000 to 4,000 ( the standard range in most developed countries ) .
Argentina has been selected as guest of honour this year at the prestigious industry Frankfurt Book Fair in October .
It has also been nominated by the United Nation 's Educational , Cultural and Scientific Organisation ( Unesco ) as World Book Capital 2011 for the quantity and variety of its proposed programme to promote reading and literature .
Jorge Luis Borges would have approved , says Maria Kodama , his widow and president of the foundation that bears his name .
Reading and books were the most important thing in his life , she says .
" If you have feelings about reading , you feel the rhythm of prose or of a poem like music .
It awakens something in your soul and then of course you study , read , you grow up and you begin to understand the message and that is the first step towards understanding life . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Now U.S. Senator Al Franken has been enlisted to lobby Google in a bid by two midwestern cities to get free upgrades to gigabit internet connections .
Comedy from the funniest man in Congress may give the towns of Duluth and Superior an edge in the increasingly clownish bids by municipalities across the country to win a piece of the Google action as well as bragging rights as the fastest town around .
But below the surface , like where all those fiber optic cables might go , this is no laughing matter .
In his video Franken joins the ranks of the fake mayor of Duluth , the real mayor of Duluth , and the towns of Topeka , Kansas and Sarasota , Florida ( temporarily renamed “ Google ” and “ Google Island ” respectively ) in trying to curry Google ’s favor through humor on YouTube — potentially one of the biggest winners in a world of ubiquitous ultra-speed broadband and net neutrality .
The competition for a ground - breaking Google experience is stiff — but so is much of the attempted humor by the above municipalities .
Meanwhile Madison , Wisconsin , 16 towns in Utah , Huntsville , Alabama , and hundreds of other cities and towns are vying for Google ’s attention more soberly , but have failed to attract the widespread attention that the pranks have .
So Minnesota is wise to bring out the big gun that is Franken , late of Saturday Night Live and such unforgettable screen moments as gorilla - baiting Baggage Handler # 1 in “ Trading Places . ”
It ’s clear what the recipients of Google Fiber stand to gain : the world , delivered by light .
But what ’s in it for Google ?
Google has n’t said when it will decide ; the deadline for submitting a formal request is March 26 .
The request form itself is pretty straightforward — perhaps too much so , since it has brought out the inner carnival barker in public officials whose localities want in , jumping up and down , banging pots and pans and doing whatever else will get them noticed .
Their humor hides desperation , even though their goals mesh perfectly with the agenda Google is pursuing .
Given the sour state of the economy , which offers little cause for mirth , any American town or city that suddenly sees its broadband speeds increase 10,000 percent as a result of being connected to Google ’s infrastructure will instantly become more attractive to spendy technophiles , start - up employers , telecommuters with jobs on the coasts and the latest flock of college graduates — many of whom currently migrate to hotspots ( with hotspots ) like Brooklyn or San Francisco .
﻿
Sarasota , Florida , appears to have gaffed in its video , by using a song Warner Music Group does not allow to appear in user - uploaded videos on YouTube : Bobby McFerrin ’s “ Do n’t Worry , Be Happy . ”
Perhaps Sarasota should have worried more , because now , more people are viewing the video on Facebook ’s competing video service than on Google ’s YouTube , which is no way to impress a would - be benefactor .
It ’s clear what the recipients of Google Fiber stand to gain : the world , delivered by modulated light ( updated ) .
But what ’s in it for Google ?
Basically , Google is so flush with its cash , and so frustrated by slow American ISPs , that it has decided to step in and improve connection speeds itself or goad someone else to — all the better to increase traffic to Google , Gmail , Google Maps , Google Docs , Picasa , YouTube , and so on .
The company ’s thinking appears to be , “ if you want something done right , do it yourself , ” rather than depending on the oligopoly of entrenched internet service providers currently serving ( but mostly under - serving ) American consumers relative to those in other developed countries .
But it might also be sandbagging in an attempt to do as little as possible to scare others into doing something .
Who can forget Google ’s brilliant play in the 2008 bidding war for the 700 Mhz spectrum auction ?
The search and ad giant was a high - visibility player but somehow managed to A ) be outbid by Verizon and AT&T and B ) still get all it really wanted : FCC ’s openness regulations ensured that any compatible device — including those it had in the works — would be able to work with any network on the band .
Google makes its money connecting people with data and showing them ads along the way .
Anything that increases the number of people on the internet and the amount of data they seek is good for the company .
On most ISPs , YouTube videos can stutter or stop due to low connection speeds , even from “ high - speed ” providers .
One way or another , Google seeks to quicken the net by connecting cities to high - speed fiber optic lines that transmit data with modulated light ( updated ) rather than the wire - based electrons employed by most ISPs ( fiber - optic Verizon Fios excepted ) .
Wherever Google decides to put these pipes , they will be open - access , meaning that residents will subscribe via competing third - party providers — a gesture of goodwill that could deflect criticism that Google is trying to own the internet .
And then , of course , people will start scratching their heads and pointing fingers at their ISPs in the 99.99 percent of the country that does n’t have it so good .
Senator Franken jokes as he kowtows to Google in the above video , but he ’s also dead serious about courting Google ’s fiber optic connection .
Also no laughing matter : competition in the ISP market is so weak that it takes an act of GOOG to move things forward .
See Also :
Welcome back to the Art of Manliness podcast !
In this week ’s episode we talk to Robert Davis about his book , Understanding Manhood in America : Freemasonry ’s Enduring Path to the Mature Masculine .
Our conversation focuses on the history of American masculinity and Freemasonry ’s influence in shaping manliness in the United States .
We end the podcast discussing whether Freemasonry is still relevant to men in the 21st century .
Robert is a Freemason himself and the Executive Secretary of the Guthrie Oklahoma Scottish Rite .
Besides writing Understanding Manhood in America , Robert has also authored two other books on the subject of Freemasonry .
Brett : Brett McKay here and welcome to another episode of the Art of Manliness Podcast .
Now Masculine America has a complex history , biggest oracle events and social movements like wars and the civil rights movement all had an effect on shaping manliness in the United States , but it often overlooks social movement that had a profound effect on masculinity in America , was the free mason and the social club movement .
Our social groups like free masonry and the art fields still relevant today in helping men become better men , well our guest today has written a book on this subject , his name is Robert Davis and he is the author of the book Understanding manhood in America , free masonries enduring path to the mature masculine .
Robert is a free mason and also the Executive Secretary of the Guthrie Oklahoma Scottish Rite , and in addition to understanding and writing Understanding manhood in America , Robert has authored two other books on the subject of free masonry .
Robert welcome to the show .
Robert :
Hey it ’s great to be here Brett thank you for inviting me .
Brett : So Robert tell us about this book what inspired you to write Understanding Manhood in America ?
Robert :
Well I think first of all as a free mason , the rituals and private ceremonies of this old , old fraternal society reflect the journey of man ’s life from childhood to mature masculinity , and I have been a mason a long time , and I became increasingly concerned that with the growth of the fraternity we have gotten so bogged down and the words of the rituals , but sometimes we do n’t integrate the meanings behind the words .
This journey of course relates to the psychology of being , and I wanted to investigate how man have looked at the ideals of masculinity over the 300 - year period of the American landscape , and then how the fraternal movements have sort of moved in and out of the center of defining ideals of masculinity for American males over this period of time , and I think just as importantly you are the man and I am becoming increasingly concerned with how our male gender is being sort of down played and overlooked as relevant in today ’s culture , and I think there is in fact a growing crisis and mature masculinity , and our own time because of high mobility for man , high divorce rates , the lack of adequate models of mature men , there is really no cohesive institutional structure for actualizing the process of becoming and being men , at least I know of no other organization outside of free masonry itself , that it is focused on this very process .
And its pretty much we live in a culture that pretty much every man for himself , most men just kind of fall by the wayside with no clear idea of the broad and important goals of manly development , so I think that was my motivation for focusing on this journey of being a man .
Brett :
Well in your book you kind of do a I guess a 300 - year summary of American masculinity and one of the things you mentioned , you kind of mentioned throughout the book are these three archetypes of American masculinity , what are these archetypes and can you describe them to us ?
Robert :
Well there is of course there are several types of archetypes which are related to the male gender , and depth psychologists like Floyd and Yun have made us aware that deep within every man of course are genetic blueprints , which kind of represent the hard wiring of the material masculine , so and these are sort of a map , which identify the foundational characteristics of our nature , and generally when we read books about this kind of archetypes we are talking about , hidden energies , and these are often categorized and a general way is the King warrior , now magician and lover kinds of archetypes , and I focus on those kinds of archetypes to a degree , that I was more interested in looking at the possibility that there had been broader culture of societal archetypes , where the social behavior of man can kind of be loved into several broad categories or groups , and I discovered that the foundational archetypes of the American colonial era , these were the archetypes that we actually inherite d from our European forefathers were usually listed as The Genteel Patriarch and the heroic artisan , and the self - made man , and so I made a decision in my book to try and discover if these cultural archetypes of our founding fathers are still valid today and prevalent .
The Genteel Patriarch is kind of comprised of the classical European definition of Man .
He was the dignified aristocrat , I am sorry a man with an upper class code of honor and a character of exquisite taste , and refined sensibilities , he understood the nature of class , he was instructed as a young man into all of the protocols and the etiquettes of becoming a gentleman , and so to the genteel patriarch manhood to him is property ownership or the accumulation of wealth , and at the same time sort of a benevolent patriarchal authority at home , he was responsible for providing for the moral instruction of his sons , whereas his wife is responsible for taking care of the moral instructions of the daughters , and he was very definitely the patriarch of his tribe , and at the same time his world encompassed compassion , kindness , duty and this was represented in this type of man through public philanthropy and usefulness , and probably in the American founding era of the Genteel Patriarchs are best represented by George Washington , Thomas Jefferson , John Adams , James Madison you know many of the signers of the Declaration Independence , and the constitutional authors , and these were probably the best known models for the Genteel patriarch , and then the second archetype that we inherited from Europe was the heroic artisan .
Heroic artisan is can trace his lineage to the craft skills at the middle age , I was interested in the heroic artisan because most scholars believe that free masonry itself evolved from the craft skills at the middle ages .
The idea about this individual and his character is that he was highly a dependent , he was virtuous and honest , and are very formal in his relationships with women , extraordinary loyal to his male comrades , and whether he was the Master of his family farm or , the proprietor of his urban shop , he was always the honest toiler who had a very strong work ethic , proud of his craftsmanship and self - reliance , and in our colonial period I think Paul revealed the Silver Smith probably represents you know the ideal of the heroic artisan , and I think the third and the trio of these male archetypes certainly at the end of the 18th century , and the first half of the 19th century was a self - made man , and this fellow derived his identity from his activities in the public sphere .
It was measured by his own accumulation of wealth and status , but also by his geographic and social mobility , as far as the great movement in west from the Eastern seaboard , you know we definitely became a land of immigrants with democratic ideals , and so the self - made man would be the kind of guy that we would mostly affectionately believe seem to be born with America , he was constantly on the girl , he was competitive , he was restless , he was aggressive , he was chronically insecure , he was a man desperate to achieve some form of stability in masculine identity , and he very rarely stuck around long enough to set a founding of cultural routes , and so I think the best ideals of the self - made man were the pioneers , Daniel Boone , Davy Crockett , guys like the explorers like Lewis & Clark , and you know all of these men moved to West and there were all kinds of them , the farmers , the trappers , the adventures , the outlaws , the ministers and the skilled teachers , the soldiers and the miners , and the man who kind of became the national hero , the cultural icon that would have been himself from the masculine mind , I think was the frontiersman , and so the self - made man probably is the most enduring of those three archetypes , and I was just curious if those archetypes are still around and what ’s going on with them so …
Brett :
And are they still around ?
Robert :
Yes they are , but a very , very difficult , a lot more difficult to define today , and yet some of the characteristics are still there .
The old icons of masculinity had become so clouted in our own culture that you have to really dig through a lot of murky stuff to identify those archetypes .
Brett : So Robert you in his book , you kind of talk about it , some of the cultural history and masculinity through in America , and kind of who and I got from in talking to you is just kind of , it kind of reinforces that conclusion , that when you feel that men are kind of lost in the wilderness when it comes to defining or achieving a mature masculinity , why how did that happen , how did men become lost in this path to the mature masculine ?
Robert :
Well it , I think its largely is a 20th century phenomenon I could make an argument that in the 19th century the civil war created some problems of loss of identity , but really the 20th century is where I think man became lost , and this happened for because of several societal things that really we want to know about is control , and probably the first and most significant event that changed man ’s understanding of who he was , was the Great Depression of the 1930’s .
Prior to the Depression of the 1930 ’s we still pretty much lived in a patriarchal society , it was not unusual at all for there to be in each household 3 or 4 generations of males , and so the connection that the young man had with the elders within their own homes , gave them a sense of connectedness to manhood , to maleness , and to the lessons that could be passed down from elder to son and such there were multiple generations in these households , it pretty much was clear that we lived in a patriarchal society , and the depression of course moved everyone out of at least the family home , you know something like , you know 1 out of 4 men found themselves without jobs , a person could no longer especially in the Midwest make any money or sustain his family at farming , and so we saw this huge out migration that basically broke up the 3 or 4 generations of male household , and when the men left the traditions of their childhood , they never returned , they moved to the urban centers they became you know that they became a part of an entirely different culture , and they had to literally reinvent themselves .
And then a couple of other things happened at the same time , the depression had such an enormous social impact on families that we actually became to some extent a welfare state .
Men no longer felt like they could control their own livelihood or their own stability or preserve the , you know the condition of their own family , and they started feeling more and more helpless , and the more helpless they felt , the more connected to governmental relief agencies they became , so it kind of took away I think the old model of strength , and being able to work through all problems on your own as a man , and it happened to the entire culture at the same time , and that it immediately following the depression era , World War II came along and the result of that of course was that men joined the military by the 10s of 1000s , and they went overseas , they were away from home for a long enough period of time , that their women started taking over traditional male jobs back in the domestic side of things , so when the men returned after the war they found a new competition for jobs , and the competition for jobs was worth a wise and the women in their communities and in their cities , and so they sort of started feeling that this loss of Patriarch either again at the first the depression , and man just seemed to sort of vanish during the recovery period after World War II , and then of course in order to employ America after man came back from the war , the government created all kinds of programs to keep people in working positions , and that ’s where a lot of our government agencies were established , and the large bureaucracies and so men found themselves just moving into salaried positions in large employer pools , where they had absolutely no control or authority over what happened with their lives .
Brett :
It ’s kind of like it ’s the man in the grey final suit type of thing ?
Robert : Exactly yeah .
Brett : Okay .
Robert :
And so I think those two or that particular era was an era that changed the landscape of American males forever .
Brett :
And what about the Vietnam era , the baby boomers , I mean what happened with masculinity there , it seems like a lot of change happened in that time period as well ?
Robert :
Yes it was actually the first generation of man who did not follow their fathers and to the American institutions that their fathers believed in , the Vietnam era created of course a very strong counter culture just because the Vietnam war itself did not follow the traditional icons of a warrior energy for the first time in the history of wars , we were no longer engaged in the process of war like we had been in World War I and World War II , it seemed to be more of a political war than a war of military strategy , it was hard to know if it was , you know truly a world conflict , and it created a lot of conflicting thoughts as to you know what we were doing and why we were doing it , and it damaged a lot of men , of course you know the war took place at the same time that the drug culture grew by leaps and bounds during that era , again we sort of created a generation of men who chose to isolate themselves from the icons of masculinity of their fathers and their grandfathers , and it has especially affected free masonry .
It was the first generation where man did not follows their fathers into the paternity ; it was the first time in the history of the fraternity that free masons had to look outside their own families for sustaining membership and I am not trying to bash the Vietnam era males I am just saying that the media became so prominent in reflecting the events of our lives day in and day out , that we quit paying attention to ourselves , and what we should be doing as our own gender to sort of get back on the right track of manly development , it just did n’t happen .
Brett :
Well you talked a lot about , so far about some of the I guess negative aspects that you know the kind of negative cultural changes that happened in regards to masculinity , were there any positive changes that happened in masculinity in America from you know the 19th century to today ?
Robert :
Well yes as a matter of fact there is a lot of positive things going on today primarily where the millennial generation , these young men are just coming out of college and getting into the workforce , but there is also some good things that came out of the latter part of the 20th century , you know consciousness movements became real popular , and a growing kind of thing , spirituality movements became very prominent and while this may have impacted somewhat negatively the church ’s role , in providing spiritual instruction for the male society , it has had the effect of men actually stepping back and trying to decide for themselves you know who they are .
They are trying to attach themselves more to meaningful adult male role models in their lives , you know they are now I have connected digitally , globally and so information and knowledge is readily available to them , and so , for the first time I think that men are starting to recognize that they have a lot of work to do to bring their gender to the feminist culture in America , and we need to achieve that balance again , and so I think that ’s a positive thing and I think we are headed in that direction .
Brett :
Well then in your book Bob , you talk a lot about free masonry , I think it ’s called The freemasonry ’s Enduring Path to the Mature Masculine , can you describe give some examples of how free masonry has influenced American masculinity throughout history ?
Robert :
The surprising thing about free masonry , and the thing that is the most misunderstood about the fraternity , is it never claims to take on a particular cause and become the champion of that cause , so that we can say , you know the free masons did this and the free masons did that , and as a result of that things changed for the better , and the reason for that is , is that our goal in free masonry is the improvement of the individual himself , the purpose of free masonry is to create a set of a socio-cultural and moral icons that literally can take a man on a journey into himself , so that he can become aware of the things that his life that have worked for him , that have proven useful to him , along with the experiences of his life that have damaged him , and have created problems for him , and to develop an understanding within himself that he in fact has to overcome himself , in order to make real improvement to those around it , he has to come to grips with his own father in all of this is his experiences , and when he does this , then he discovers who he is , he discovers that it is not always about striving to be the sports hero or building muscular bodies , or buying into achieving status , nor feeling emotional conflict , or over achieving in jobs , all of these things that you would think of the , are the icons of masculinity actually lead men to vulnerability , and feelings of tirelessness rather than fulfillment and contentment .
And so what he has to do he has to balance himself around all of these things that are important to his manly development , and in the process of doing it he becomes a lot of the double standards , which define men in our culture , and in the process of doing this , he takes on reliable mentorship .
He decides that there are people out there that he can trust , he can define role models in a more realistic and fulfilling way .
He can attach himself to meaningful leadership models without taking on the political or religious baggage that ’s so often accompany them .
So once he does that and makes that turnaround it ’s at that point , that I believe he takes on an understanding of mature masculinity , and that ’s when he improves his role with his family , he becomes a true mentor to younger men , and he gets involved in positive ways , in various community outlooks and outlets , and he improves society in the process , and so what you have to do is you have to look at well okay you know , order some things that free masons then have gone to improve the world , and in the 18th century , free masonry more than any other social group that I have studied , basically established the models for the civil society , but they broke down the class system .
They created a new way of thinking where people could be equal and beloved , and so free masonry I think probably more than any other institution played out the experiments of how one creates and lives in a democratic society , and he did it through the rubric of his laches , because the laches were governed as democratic societies , and so the experiment took place in lache and was brought out of the lache , into the society itself , such probably the foundational greatness that free masonry had .
The organization itself I have observed has adapted itself around the popular needs of man in every generation up until the Cold War era after World War II , you can go back and you can just see how free masonry helps shape man ’s needs in almost all of these , the 19th century was a great period of philosophical development , that ’s what man enjoyed doing and man enjoyed reading and thinking , and having these philosophical dialogues and that ’s when a lot of the great philosophical lectures came into this fraternal movement again within the private associations of the laches .
After the , during the period when theatre became a very , very important or popular thing , the rituals of free mason were moved onto the stage , and actually the branches of the fraternity I work and the Scottish Rite we created the community theatre approach to teaching morals and ethics , because theatre was such a popular form of entertainment for man , and then at the same time fear of eroding masculinity hit the cultural man , primarily as a result of women suffrage movement and these kinds of things , and you know baseball and boxing and all of these kinds of very masculine manly sports were established , and what did the fraternity do , the fraternity created boxing leagues and baseball leagues in order to accommodate the enjoyment of man , and during the depression years the fraternity created these world release societies to try to take care of the families of man within the fraternity , so it ’s been always a fraternity first , but a fraternity that responded to the interest of man , and that has been its fundamental strength in almost every generation , and then overlying all of that of course is that all of these activities and the strategies occur in private conclaves of man where 3 and 4 generations are participating in the dialogue , in lache at the same time .
So we are one of the few organizations left in the world that focuses on this old icon of stability in the male gender through connectedness and communications , and conversations with multiple generations of men .
Brett : So Robert how do you respond to people who say that well okay so free masonry had an important role in the lives of men for my grandfather , for the founding fathers but its no longer relevant .
What they teach is no longer relevant , the ritual is just old fashioned , they are not responding to men ’s needs today , how do you respond to that , is free masonry still relevant to men today ?
Robert :
Oh absolutely I think its , this is relevant as ever , you know first of all again we live in a culture that so much clouds the icons of masculinity , that there ’s hardly any place where men can focus on those kinds of things in a private and safe environment , we are never going to overcome the media bashing , yeah the political correctness things , the consumerism and all of that sort of stuff that ’s very much feminized in our culture without you know staying together as man to try to grow ourselves to achieve balance and become positive male role models for families and for communities , free masonry is always about doing that , and so from that point of view it is important as it ’s ever been .
We also live in a culture that no longer trusts the old traditions of religion that are so attached to you know dogma and the doctrines of faith , and yet we so clearly understand how important to do for man to connect with their spiritual side , and embrace the aspects of our nature that make them good men .
So free masonry offers a way , where all of these kinds of moral and virtuous characteristics can be looked at in a non-doctrinal way .
So it gives a person a chance to develop an understanding of the nature of God and man and man ’s relationship to God in an environment that is not tied to dogma doctrine .
We have always felt like that we are kind of a partner with religion in the sense that we deal almost totally with helping man understand the nature of the spirit within him and how that plays out of his life to take on characteristics of compassion and love and nurturing and all of the feminine kinds of things that balance his more natural aggressive nature , all of that is necessary for him to feel balanced in his life , and then live a balanced life .
So I ca n’t think of anything more relevant to the human condition , than an organization that focuses on these kinds of things , because I know that if a man can heal himself he can heal the world .
Brett : And Robert if a man wants to get involved in free masonry how would he go about it ?
Robert :
Well it ’s interesting that our fraternity has never been an organization that has been membership driven in the sense that we do n’t advertise or broadly asking people to join and we always want that to happen sort of in a one on one way .
We want man to learn about the fraternity become acquainted with men in the fraternity , and sort of check ourselves through his own independent conversations with masons he knows before he decides to take on the duties and obligations of the fraternity , so the best way to become a free mason is to know a friend who is one and then express your interest and curiosity to him about the fraternity .
If you do n’t know any free masons you know every state organization of the fraternity essentially has a website , there is contact information , you can call the grand secretary of a state organization of masons , you can tell them how you live and that you are interested in learning about the fraternity , and talking with some masons and they will refer your name to a man in your community who will get in touch with you .
Brett : I will , probably before we leave last question you talked about how men are kind of lost off the path of the mature masculine , what are you know three things that a man can do , to reclaim that path that is the mature masculine ?
Robert :
The first thing he has to do is learn , there is nothing more important than the educated mind , because the thing that hurts anybody more than anything else in the world is ignorance .
To make a commitment to become a man of knowledge is to me fundamental to understanding the role of the mature masculine , so and secondly at some point in time , every man has to go deep inside himself and figure out who he really is , and who he wants to become , and if he does not make that journey he will tend to live his entire life and being totally unaware of who he is and what his real gifts cane do and so I think the second most important thing is as man has to make the search inside himself .
It is all important that the facilitated process , but it ’s essential to taking on the mature masculine soul and then thirdly that he needs to live in a world that connects him on a regular basis with other man who he cannot understand who the mature masculine himself unless we experience a lot man in their life .
We cannot do it by ourselves , we cannot be isolated and alone and find out for ourselves what the value of men are in our cultures , so I think that are communication , conversation or association on a regular basis with man of different generations and even today in different cultures I think it ’s essential to man ’s self development , so I think those are the things self knowledge , inner development , and communication with other man .
Brett : Robert ,
Thank you for your time , It ’s been a pleasure .
Our guest today was Robert Davis .
Robert is the Executive Secretary of the Guthrie Oklahoma Scottish Rite , and author of the book Understanding manhood in America , The freemasonry ’s Enduring Path to the Mature Masculine and you can pickup Robert ’s book on amazon.com .
That wraps up another edition of the Art of Manliness Podcast for more manly tips and advice make sure to check out the Art of Manliness website at artofmanliness.com , and until next week stay manly .
Has the economic nightmare that America is now entering been completely and totally foreseeable to anyone who was willing to look at the facts objectively ?
Has the generation now running the United States recklessly destroyed the financial future of us all ?
Will future generations look back and curse those who lived at this time for saddling them with so much debt ?
When it comes to the financial condition of this country , most people want to make it into a Republican / Democrat thing , but the truth is that both parties have done a miserable job of managing the nation ’s finances .
It would have been very helpful if at least one of the political parties had been the least bit interested in getting America ’s financial house in order , but that was not the case .
Instead , both Republicans and Democrats worked together to pile up the biggest mountain of debt in the history of the world .
They worked together to build a “ global economy ” that shipped a huge percentage of our manufacturing overseas .
They worked together to build a system that highly favors the biggest corporations and the international banking elite .
Now American stands on the precipice of a devastating economic collapse , and many of our politicians seem actually shocked about what is happening .
But they should n’t be .
All of this has been building for a long , long time .
All of this was avoidable .
The fact that the economic problems of the United States have been so clearly foreseeable and yet nothing was done to stop them has a lot of people very , very upset .
Among those who are extremely upset are some of our readers …..
Suetonious :
How long has this been obvious ?
Certainly was obvious to me even in the 80’s .
The demographics just were n’t there to support my generation .
But I knew implicitly that we would be the ones stuck with the bill – with the scumbags in DC turning around , right about now , to tell us with feigned shock – “ Gee , there ’s no money for you guys !
How did that happen ? ”
I could lay all the blame on these criminals , and most of it DOES lay with them .
However , I have also directly and constantly experienced wilful obtuseness and ignorance on the part of Americans , with their fingers in their ears and their tongues flapping about with “ LaLaLaLaLa ” – every time anyone tries to point out the blatantly obvious regarding the financial End Game .
Americans are about to get what they have denied as impossible because it was not pleasant .
Now there ’s some real good thinkin’ .
Hope they get a clue in a hurry .
Americans may be decent people – but that do n’t count for much when it ’s coupled with voluntary pig-ignorance .
Steve :
So many people missing the point …
There are no GOOD jobs out there .
People work for money not for jelly beans .
Young people are “ lazy ” because they do n’t want to flip burgers for minimum wage or less ?
Are you Kidding ?
What percentage of people over 35 are willing to do this ?
The kid that made my BigMac today looked to be all of 14 so I ’m guessing not too many .
It ’s about the money people !
The generation that came before us is the one responsible for rampant inflation , the trade deficit , and the general dismantling of a once great nation and the so called family unit .
YOU have left us with NOTHING !
YOU have sold our birth right to the highest bidder .
YOU have made us the future slaves of Chinese overlords .
YOU are the people unwilling to hire the young at a wage they can actually live on .
If you are over 50 and you are reading this have the decency to feel shame for what you ’ve done to your children and grandchildren .
We are certainly ashamed of YOU !
DavidB :
Wake up – it ’s not bloody marxists – it ’s your own financial , industrial and political leaders that have caused this mess and you all sat back and revelled in it .
For years , America has lived high on the benefits of globalisation ( heaps of cheap imports ) while not realising that there is a price to pay .
That price is the wholesale export of your manufacturing to Asia and Mexico – along with the jobs .
These have largely been replaced by low wage service jobs .
The only alternative in order to maintain your standard of living has been to resort to debt – hence the credit crunch .
The credit crunch is only a symptom .
As a non American – I can only wonder at how you spend more than the rest of the world combined on defence while your economy and financial stability collapses around you .
Dan :
It is clear that it is a combination of many things that have brought us to this point in US .
Illegal immigration , huge government intrusion , over - regulation , health care costs , frivolous litigation , etc. , I can understand why companies move overseas .
Ridiculous taxation , regulation , intrusion , health care mandates , loss of freedom , etc .
Just some of the things contributing to US economic trouble .
Get govt .
out of the way and private sector would fix most of the problem and most Americans would benefit from the fix .
Those left out of the prosperity of America , usually want to be left out .
There are exceptions , and injustice it out there .
But it is n’t Govt .
that should deal with the social ills of our world .
Where is the Church ?
Lunatic Fringe :
From the edge , a brief explanation …
Anyway that ’s the problem .
USA debt has the same problem .
At 100 % debt to GDP , the Fed manufactures money out of debt .
The problem is supply .
When the world ’s greatest economy starts to crater it takes the collective action of every nation in the world to prop us up .
So far , Japan , China , and Great Britain have done so .
If their economies continue to deteriorate , they wo n’t be able to .
Japan and China are in a death dance with us .
To save their existing treasury investments they must continue to invest in us or lose what is on deposit .
The USA has an ungodly pipeline debt of 60 trillion coming due and payable in the form of Social Security and Medicare payments .
California it seems , is a petri dish , a sneak preview of our coming collapse .
That ’s why expressing debt to GDP is really a pretty antiquated way of seeing the problem , although that has been a universally accepted practice .
Can we survive at 125 % or 150 % debt to GDP ?
Sure .
As long as the Fed is n’t audited .
If that audit ever occurs , and TRUST ME IT NEVER WILL , the world will suffer a complete and total collapse .
What we do n’t know , it seems , is n’t hurting us yet .
Cat Callahan :
One thing that is not allowed is for people to wipe the slate clean and begin again .
The republican congress enacted DRACONIAN bankruptcy legislation so that if you declare bankruptcy , your creditors can still come after you indefinitely for collect !
Check it out !
My husband and I are physically disabled and my husband has a fatal illness .
My parents had left a small inheritance for our medical expenses .
It is now confiscated before I have even ‘ inherited ’ it !
They want us to have a good life ?
Bolderdash !
Or they would n’t allow medical bills that bankrupt the average working person ./
Try finding a could where the husband works 2 jobs and the wife three , who live frugally , and still can not pay off medical bills .
If I get sick again , I think I will just welcome death .
Rick :
I ’m back in school myself working on an associates degree because my “ hard - working ” and “ genius ” parents knew exactly what career I was going into .
Then , when that did n’t pan out and I would n’t continue taking their marching orders , they threw me out on the street to fend for myself .
I did that successfully for three years and put up with all their bitching and abuse about not working “ hard enough ” or “ expecting other people to take care of me . ”
Fortunately , I discovered that I have a great aunt and uncle who have been letting me live with them and go back to school .
I ’ve got a decent part time job at the school , but I am barely making enough money to pay rent to them .
My advice is do n’t give up and do n’t be afraid to ask for help from family and friends .
I would probably be living in a card board box if not for my aunt and uncle helping me .
For all those people saying why ca n’t you get 3 or 4 jobs to support yourself , I hate to break it to you , but employers are not going to hire someone who is working at another place and plan their schedule around them .
They are only going to hire employees that are available 24/7 and not have to pay them above minimum wage .
This is the major crisis of our times right now .
Instead of blaming and bickering , let ’s do what we can to help everyone out .
Everything old is new again .
Or so goes the saying .
While the 2011 Chevrolet Volt will be the first electric vehicle with a range - extending engine to be built in volume ( the first pre-production Volt rolled off the line on March 31 ) , it 's hardly the first one ever .
First 2011 Chevrolet Volt built on production tooling at Detroit Hamtramck plant , March 31 , 2010
2011 Chevrolet Volt
Lohner - Porsche series hybrid
We 'll ignore for a moment the Lohner - Porsche of the early 1900s ( designed by Ferdinand Porsche , later to found the famous sports car company ) .
Instead , let us travel back in time to 1993 .
Just to get you situated , that was the year when Bill Clinton was inaugurated as president of the United States , the best - selling album of the year was the soundtrack to The Bodyguard , and gasoline cost $ 1.16 a gallon .
It 's also the year that Japanese small - car maker Daihatsu showed its DASH 21 concept car at the Tokyo and Frankfurt Motor Shows .
The DASH name stood for Daihatsu Autocharging Series Hybrid ( as distinct from a parallel hybrid like the 2010 Toyota Prius ) .
The front wheels of the four - seat Dash 21 were driven by a 20 - kilowatt electric motor , powered by a T - shaped nickel - metal - hydride battery pack mounted in the tunnel and under the rear seats -- just like the 2011 Volt .
When the batteries ran low , a rear - mounted 660 cc three - cylinder gasoline engine would start up , running at a constant speed to power an 8 - kilowatt generator that recharged the battery .
The Dash 21 offered about 25 miles of electric range , and a total range of 280 miles .
Top speed was given as 75 miles per hour .
Just - Auto writer Mark Bursa managed to dredge up an article he'd written on the car for Automotive International magazine , which concluded , “ The Dash 21 features technology which is close to being used on mass - production vehicles . "
Well , not quite .
Bursa also notes that Daihatsu 's owner , Toyota , set up its own " G21 " project around the same time to develop a hybrid vehicle for the 21st century .
In 1995 , the concept for what became the Toyota Prius was unveiled at the Tokyo Motor Show .
And we all know how that experiment turned out :
The Prius is the world 's highest volume hybrid , with total production of three generations since 1997 now nearing 2 million .
Daihatsu showed a further series hybrid concept , the Move EV - H , in 1998 .
This time , the 570 cc gasoline twin that powered a 6 - kW generator was mounted up front , above a 19 - kW electric drive motor , just like the Volt 's layout .
The Move EV - H generator recharged a rear - mounted bank of 24 lead - acid batteries , rather than the more advanced nickel - metal - hydride pack used in the Dash 21 .
But once again , the world paid little attention to Daihatsu 's series hybrid .
The 1993 Dash 21 disappeared into dusty archives , and it would take a further 18 years before series hybrid vehicles would appear in dealerships .
It must be galling to Daihatsu 's valiant engineers that they will do so in the United States , rather than Japan .
[ Just - Auto ( requires subscription ) ; image from findararecar ]
Is Tasmania The Google Street View Black Hole
We ’ve seen plenty of Street View anomalies in the past , many of which originated from Tasmania .
But none of them are as as pervasive as Ridgeway Road .
It kind of looks like you ’re looking up at the stars , with a perverted Xbox 360 logo on one half of the camera .
And it just seems to go on and on .
Anybody have a theory as to what caused this little freak of Streetview ?
[ Street View – Thanks Orin ! ]
NEWPORT --
Last year when fish surveyors went out to count whiting -- Oregon 's largest fishery by volume -- they found plenty to count all right , but it was n't what they expected .
Instead , they found themselves looking at so many Humboldt squid , they could n't see the whiting -- also known as hake -- to get an accurate count , said Selina Heppell , an associate professor in fisheries at Oregon State University .
" People are really worried about this , " Heppell said .
" Because we have evidence of squid having a negative impact on whiting in Chile , the concern is that they could be affecting whiting here . "
typically were found in Southern California , Mexico and the waters off Chile and Peru , but in recent years the jumbo squid have been found in increasingly large numbers in northern waters off California , Oregon and Washington -- even Alaska .
Now researchers and fisherman are pondering a number of questions about the predator squid :
Why are they here ?
What will it mean to traditional fisheries such as whiting and salmon ?
Will they stick around ?
And there 's another possibility : Could the jumbo squid spawn a new fishery in Oregon and beyond ?
Humboldt or Jumbo squid facts
Habitat : Live at depths of 660 to 2,300 feet and traditionally ranged from Tierra del Fuego north to California .
More recently , they have been appearing further north .
Size : Up to 6 feet and 100 pounds .
Skin varies from deep purplish - red to white .
They have two diamond - shaped fins which they use to swim and glide .
Lifespan : About one year
Prey : Lanternfish , shrimp , mollusks , and other cephalopods .
Also known to cannibalize other squid .
Behavior : Notoriously aggressive .
Hunt in schools containing as many as 1,200 individuals , and swim at speeds from three to 15 mph .
Can eject themselves from the water and glide through the air to escape predators .
Reproduction : Experts know little about spawning habits , largely because the squid spend most of their lives at depths unsafe for diving .
Their eggs have never been observed in nature .
Like most cephalopods , Humboldt squid reproduce only once in their lifetime .
Source : Smithsonian
And there 's another possibility : Could the jumbo squid spawn a new fishery in Oregon and beyond ?
People first reported seeing squid north of their native waters in the late 1990s after the El Niño occurred in about 1998 , Heppell said .
After last year 's numbers proved so dramatic , Heppell and researchers in California and the Pacific Northwest decided the time had come to learn more .
Earlier this year , they received a two - year , $ 120,000 grant from Sea Grant , a federal university - based program to support coastal resources , to study them .
" To me , what we really want to know is what the squid are eating at different times of the year , " Heppell said .
" How many are there ?
They move fast and over a wide range and are not easy to detect with acoustic gear .
Trying to estimate how many squid there are is not an easy thing to do . "
One study in the Gulf of California put the population there at 4 million in 30 square miles , according to
.
" That 's a lot of squid "
" If the density is anything like that off
or Astoria , that 's a lot of squid in a frighteningly small area , " Gilly said .
He believes if the squid develop a taste for salmon smolt -- and there is evidence they have -- it could wipe out the fish for the season .
Humboldt squid can measure as long as 6 feet and weigh upward of 100 pounds .
The largest spotted off Oregon have been about 5 feet long and 25 pounds , according to Heppell .
Their tentacles are covered with small suckers that have spiky teeth , and they have a large triangular beak they use to tear at their prey .
They are voracious eaters and will cannibalize their own .
" These squid grab whatever comes by them , " Heppell said .
" If what comes by is mostly squid , that 's what they eat . "
They also have been said to grab seabirds , and there are stories of squids killing divers .
" They are creepy , " said Al Pazar , who fishes out of Newport .
Pazar caught 15,000 pounds of squid last year to use for crab bait .
He recalled waking up on his boat one night and finding himself surrounded by tens of thousands of squid .
" It is quite impressive to see these things on the surface .
When they are together , it is incredible .
In South America , they call them the diablo rojo , or red devil .
You do n't want to fall into the water with a swarm of these things . "
Lucrative possibilities
But while they may not be the most attractive of sea life , they could be lucrative , Gilly said .
" In places like Astoria and Newport , there are a lot of fishermen who would like to go fishing , developing a new product .
There could be a big future in that . "
Squid already is considered by some to be among the best crab bait , and calamari steaks -- imported from Mexico and elsewhere -- can be found in most seafood shops .
Gilly thinks the squid also could be used for aquaculture food , as protein or for pharmaceuticals .
" I have seen in Japan squid flour , and there is a company in Norway making a type of fish - oil product from squid , " Gilly said .
The
has begun researching the idea , director Heather Mann said .
" We are in the process of starting to think about whether or not there might be some opportunities , " Mann said .
" We 're looking at what research would need to take place to develop the Humboldt squid .
We do know there is some labor - intensive work in harvesting Humboldt squid because of their size and also in preparing them for food . "
And there is another problem -- no one seems to know how long the squid will stick around .
" The squid have come and gone and come and gone again in Peru , " Heppell said .
" You do n't want to start a fishery if they are not going to be here . "
--
Michael 's List of Cubesat Satellite Missions
( University and private , and other student satellite missions )
[ No longer being updated ( last update medio 2009 ) ]
Note :
This list was created back in late 2005 because I needed to know how other cubesats had been performing at the time .
I have since then attempted to update the list fairly regularly , but have come to the conclusion that I no longer have the time nor the interest in doing so .
If you feel like taking over , please contact me ( see below ) , and we 'll figure something out .
This list is meant to give an overview over the success rate , mission and payloads , communication , attitude and orbit determination and control systems along with links to the various projects .
Only missions already launched , scheduled for launch , or being actively worked on are included on this page .
The list was created because I could n't find any other page with this kind of information , and browsing the various cubesat mission websites begin to take quite some time as the number of missions increases .
In fact it took quite a bit of time to compile the information found there .
I therefore hope you will find this page useful , please leave a thank you in the guest book if you do , or contact me if you know of a mission that is not on this list , find a mistake or have information that could be added .
List Nomenclature
Single cubesat = 10x10x10 cm3 , 1 kg Double cubesat = 10x10x20 cm3 , 2 kg Triple cubesat = 10x10x30 cm3 , 3 kg P - POD ( Poly - Picosatellite Orbital Deployer by Standford University and California Polytechnic Institute ) holds three single cubesats stacked on top on each other T - POD ( Tokyo Pico- satellite Orbital Deployer ) holds one single cubesat .
If you know Japaneese you can find more information here ( there is also a number of pictures ) X - POD ( eXperimental Push Out Deployer ) is a custom , independent separation system that was designed and built at University of Toronto Institute for Aerospace Studies / Space Flight Laboratory for each satellite and may be tailored to satellites of different sizes ranging from single cubesat to larger nanosatellites of arbitrary dimensions .
SPL ( Single Pico- Satellite Launcher ) holds one single cubesat .
The deployment velocity can be defined by the customer , it is 1 m/s default .
It is manufactured by Astrofein .
Details about the SPL can be found here .
P - POD numbers ( eg # 1 ) indicate the satellite location in the P - POD .
# 1 is the one being released first .
The list is sorted by launch date , then deployment mechanism ( earlier deployed listed first ) , then location in deployment mechanism ( outermost ( first deployed ) listed first ) .
Alphabetical after mission name if information is missing .
Note that uplink information is generally not available , but most cubesats are using the 144 MHz band .
Table of cubesat successrate : Batch # LV Failure
No contact Some contact Full contact Total 1 ( June 2003 ) 0 2 1 2 + 1 triple 5+1 triple 2 ( October 2005 ) 0 1 0 2 3 Solo ( February 2006 ) 0 0 0 1 double 1 double 3 ( July 2006 ) 13 + 1 double 0 0 0 13 + 1 double Solo ( December 2006 ) 0 0 0 1 triple 1 triple 4 ( April 2007 ) 0 1 3 + 1 triple 2 6 + 1 triple 5 ( April 2008 ) 0 0 0 3 + 1 double + 2 triple 3 + 1 double + 2 triple 6 ( May 2009 ) 0 ? ? ?
3+1 triple 7 ( July 2009 ) 0 ? ? ? 2 ( 1U ? ) Total 13 +
1 double 4 4+1 triple 9 +
2 double +
4 triple 33 +
3 double +
6 triple Link to cubesat operational status information : http://www.amsat.org/amsat-new/satellites/cubesats.php
Most landmark legislation is defined by what it does , or what it will do .
Antitrust laws , Social Security and Medicare fall into this category .
But for now at least , the new health care “ reform ” package , signed by President Obama today , may be best described not by what it is , but what it is n’t .
First of all , it is n’t health care reform , even though you ’ll see the term used in every headline of every newspaper in the country .
Yes , I know there are provisions that prevent insurers from pursuing some of the anti-consumer shenanigans practiced over the years .
But the basic structure of the system remains in place .
Instead , this is a 2010 car body slapped on top of a 1960 Corvair chassis , with a few modifications and patches .
The salesmen will tell you it ’s new and improved , but it ’s actually built on the flawed foundation of the for - profit health care insurance system .
Drive it down the road at your own risk .
I should explain again , as I have in the past , that I do n’t necessarily disagree with a system based on free market competition .
But this package does n’t increase competition , nor does it move us toward health care as a social benefit , as they have in many other countries .
Second , this is not a government takeover of health care .
I realize that this is the mantra repeated daily by the Republican opposition , but that does n’t make it so .
If an interviewer would ask House Minority Leader John Boehner : “ How ’s the weather in Washington today ? ” he ’d say : “ The weather would be fine if it were n’t for the fact that the government is taking over health care . ”
Ask Sen. Mitch McConnell if he thinks we should add more troops in Afghanistan , and he ’d say : “ Well , that ’s up to the generals on the ground .
But right now they ’re very upset about the government takeover of health care . ”
Under the plan , anyone who accesses health care – unless they can afford to pay out of pocket – must go through a private insurer .
In what way does that constitute a government takeover of health care ?
Quite the contrary , the government is delivering 32 million new customers to private insurers , most or all of them companies in which stockholders can reap the benefits .
I ’d be surprised if , after Obama signs the bill , employees of UnitedHealth and Aetna do n’t form a congo line around their respective headquarters .
Third , this is not universal health care .
The name of this bill is not , “ No Patient Left Behind . ” Tea Partiers need not worry .
There will still be about 5 percent of the population that falls through the cracks , one way or another .
And consider this :
The legislation may actually discourage people from purchasing coverage .
Say you ’re 30 , and healthy .
Since insurers can’t exclude customers because of pre-existing conditions , why not wait until there ’s actually something wrong before you purchase coverage ?
Remember , penalties for not buying a policy have been whittled down so far that for many people they wo n’t even be a factor .
And finally number four :
The new health care law will not be a magic carpet for Republican control of Congress in fall .
Do you really think that a law that mostly takes effect in 2014 is going to be the central issue in November ?
The Democrats are vulnerable , yes .
On unemployment , for sure .
Or the botched attempt at financial reform .
But health care legislation ?
Doubtful .
My prediction : Memories of the contentious debate will fade like last year ’s Oscar nominations .
Photo : President Obama sells the health care package in Ohio .
( White House photo )
Back in early 2009 I was skeptical about the ability of major banks to recapitalize themselves out of profits .
I was wrong , it turns out .
Here ’s why :
Financial - industry profits have soared , probably because banks that can borrow money cheaply — because they have an implicit guarantee from the feds — are more or less guaranteed money machines unless they do something stupid ; and gross stupidity has been placed temporarily on hold .
This has been good for the TARP , which wo n’t lose much money .
Beyond that , however , I find this ominous .
We got into this mess because we had an over - financialized economy , with finance making a share of profits out of all proportion to its actual economic contribution .
And now it ’s baaaack .
July 2020 Import Highlights
Crude oil imports ( Top 15 countries )
( thousand barrels per day ) Country Jul - 20 Jun-20 YTD 2020 Jul - 19 YTD 2019 Canada 3,522 3,332 3,618 4,131 3,858 Mexico 671 768 712 636 615 Saudi Arabia 641 1,206 673 395 558 Colombia 304 311 281 296 360 Iraq 136 146 216 350 351 Trinidad And Tobago 96 17 41 68 45 Argentina 95 35 30 79 38 Ecuador 93 112 156 182 165 Brazil 69 50 71 234 125 Kuwait 67 - 26 20 59 Russia 67 75 75 54 133 Nigeria 25 103 62 184 162 United Kingdom 24 21 25 95 70 Kazakhstan 20 - 18 67 39 Brunei 13 36 21 32 19
Total imports of petroleum ( Top 15 countries )
( thousand barrels per day ) Country Jul - 20 Jun-20 YTD 2020 Jul - 19 YTD 2019 Canada 3,981 3,760 4,136 4,660 4,477 Mexico 755 849 798 670 654 Saudi Arabia 718 1,221 696 454 597 Russia 563 551 533 491 444 Colombia 331 369 318 377 418 Iraq 136 146 217 360 353 Brazil 115 159 120 341 199 India 112 117 85 96 123 Korea , South 111 90 108 173 134 Ecuador 108 112 170 198 169 Argentina 98 46 41 85 56 Trinidad And Tobago 98 17 42 68 46 Kuwait 84 34 33 20 59 United Kingdom 84 87 82 182 155 Netherlands 72 98 73 117 119
Monthly data on the origins of crude oil imports in July 2020 show that one country , Canada , exported more than one million barrels per day to the United States ( see table below ) .
The top five exporting countries accounted for 89 % of United States crude oil imports in July while the top ten sources accounted for approximately 96 % of all U.S. crude oil imports .
The top five sources of U.S. crude oil imports for July were Canada ( 3.5 million b/d ) , Mexico ( 671,000 b/d ) , Saudi Arabia ( 641,000 b/d ) , Colombia ( 304,000 b/d ) , and Iraq ( 136,000 b/d ) .
The remaining top ten sources , in order , were Trinidad And Tobago ( 96,000 b/d ) , Argentina ( 95,000 b/d ) , Ecuador ( 93,000 b/d ) , Brazil ( 69,000 b/d ) , and Kuwait ( 67,000 b/d ) .
Total crude oil imports averaged 5.9 million b/d in July , which was a decrease of 491,000 b/d from imports during June 2020 .
Canada remained the largest exporter of total petroleum to the United States in July ; exporting 4.0 million b/d .
The second largest exporter of total petroleum was Mexico with 755,000 b/d .
Note :
The data in the tables above exclude oil imports into the U.S. territories .
While the urgency to address Chicago ’s rampant wave of violence is extremely warranted , I think it ’s absolutely ridiculous that two Illinois lawmakers are requesting to bring in the National Guard as a way to control the problem .
In a press conference Sunday Chicago Democratic Reps. John Fritchey and LaShawn Ford said they want Gov. Pat Quinn , a Democrat , to activate the National Guard as a solution to save lives .
Granted the city has seen a rising surge of violence recently , especially now that the weather appears to be warming up .
Every year residents here have to deal with a deadly trend that only gets worse as summer approaches and it ’s our children that continue to suffer its tragic consequences .
Last week alone seven people died and 18 were wounded , mostly by gunfire .
Chicago has had over 100 homicide victims so far this year .
And 25 Chicago student ’s lives have been cut short due to youth violence .
The numbers are grim and the reality of young lives lost is staggering .
At the same time working - class families in Chicago , weather Black , Latino or white are dealing with the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression .
Good jobs that pay livable wages with decent benefits not to mention health insurance are increasingly scarce these days .
Everyday families across the city are being hit with dire unemployment figures and many continue to lose their homes in an on - going foreclosure crisis .
Chicago Public
Schools recently announced sweeping cuts and is expected to fire hundreds of union teachers while the majority of our schools remain overcrowded and under - funded .
Widespread poverty , lack of opportunities and a consistent lack of public resources for our young people are the norm for most low - income neighborhoods .
Overall , Illinois , like states nationwide , is undergoing one of the worst budget disasters in recent history leaving thousands jobless and dozens of low - income communities without badly needed human services .
Arguably these are dismal times for many .
And issues related to our struggling economy may have a direct result as to why so many young people see street gangs as their only option .
But for Reps. Fritchey and Ford to suggest bringing in the military as a way to solve the violence plaguing Chicago ’s streets , is way off the mark .
When our neighborhoods lack job opportunities , affordable housing and face failing educational institutions , daily life for families in these communities and particularly single - parent households becomes extremely difficult .
Street gangs offer young people a sense of belonging and a quick money fix .
And when you have broken families and areas that struggle with constant disparities , than the children of those neighborhoods become vulnerable for gang recruitment .
What is needed , not only from community leaders , but also more importantly from our elected officials is real common - sense solutions and political action .
Too much money is being spent on incarcerating and criminalizing young people and too little is being allocated toward violence prevention measures to keep youth from ending up in jail or in a coffin .
And we need common - sense gun laws too .
Meanwhile the billions of dollars being spent on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan should be used toward fighting the war here on the streets and used for creating positive opportunities for young people like summer jobs .
A report I came across a couple of years ago finds that heavy - handed suppression efforts have a poor track record when it comes to reducing crime and can actually increase gang cohesion .
The report : “ Gang Wars : The Failure of Enforcement Tactics and the Need for Public Safety Strategies , ” notes that more police , more prisons and more punishments do n’t work .
Released by the Justice Policy Institute , the study says gang member ’s account for a relatively small share of crime in most jurisdictions .
And street gangs do not dominate or drive the drug trade .
And the public face of the gang problem may seem Black or Latino only , yet it ’s whites that make up the largest group of adolescent gang members and the majority of gun victims .
Job training , mentoring , after - school activities and recreational programs make significant dents in gang violence , according to the report .
I wholeheartedly agree .
State lawmakers should be fighting tooth and nail toward allocating more funds for public schools and social programs and less for large - scale arrests , prison initiatives or calling in the U.S. military .
Young people need positive alternatives and educational opportunities to grow and become successful leaders of our communities .
They need resources and jobs and our elected officials ought to lead by example and be their main advocates .
Public safety is a major concern for families who just want to work , live in peace and make sure their children receive an education out of harm ’s way .
But we also know that one way to solving community violence in our neighborhoods is by uniting and fighting for our basic rights like jobs , public education and alternative programs that young people deserve .
Calling in the National Guard and purporting more stringent forms of enforcement on our troubled and unemployed youth is not the answer .
They need jobs .
Photo : Wesley Keith , 8 , right , pretends he is dead in a coffin carried by Lamar Robinson , 16 , center , and other members of the Greater Roseland Community Committee Youth Voices Against Violence group during the Day of Action Rally in Chicago , June 18 , 2009 .
Lane Christiansen / Chicago Tribune / AP
What has happened to us all , when serious papers can start raving about " Prime Minister Clegg " ?
Has someone put something in the water supply ?
Has some sulphur yellow cloud descended imperceptibly from Iceland and addled our brains ?
These are Lib Dems we are talking about !
They say anything to anyone .
They are not so much two - faced as positively polycephalous .
They go around every university campus promising to abolish " Labour 's unfair tuition fees " – while dear Cleggie tells his party conference that this policy , this cardinal Lib Dem policy , would cost £ 12 billion and that the country can't afford it .
In the north of England you will find plenty of Lib Dem literature extolling their " mansion tax " , a proposal on which they remain deafeningly silent in places like Richmond and Kingston , where it would mean a vast new tax on people who happen to live in overvalued houses .
President Obama earned big money last year and gave more than most to charity , but his second in command was a bit tight - fisted when it came to digging in his own pocket for donations .
Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and his wife , Jill , earned $ 333,000 in 2009 , and gave $ 4,820 — 1.44 percent — of that to charity in cash or in - kind donations , according to their newly released tax forms .
Estimates by charitable organizations show that most givers donate between 3 and 5 percent of their income .
Mr. Obama and first lady Michelle Obama exceeded that range .
The first couple gave 5.9 percent — or $ 329,000 — of their $ 5.5 million of income to charity in 2009 .
The Obamas ’ largest contributions to charity were $ 50,000 to CARE , a poverty - based organization , and the United Negro College Fund .
Mr. Obama also donated his $ 1.4 million Nobel Prize money , which he gave to 10 charities .
The president ’s books , “ Dreams From My Father ” and “ The Audacity of Hope , ” generated the majority of the Obamas ’ income .
The first couple paid nearly $ 1.8 million in federal income tax and $ 163,303 in Illinois income taxes .
The Bidens paid $ 71,147 in federal income taxes , $ 12,420 in Delaware income taxes and $ 1,477 in Virginia income taxes .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Alcwyn Jenkins had been a cricket umpire for 25 years
An experienced umpire died after an " unfortunate accident " when he was hit on the head by a cricket ball during an attempted run out , an inquest heard .
Alcwyn Jenkins , 72 , of Skewen , had his back to fielder Stephen Davies when he threw the ball at the stumps at Swansea 's St Helen 's ground last July .
Mr Davies had known
Mr Jenkins since he had coached him from the age of 10 .
Recording a verdict of accidental death coroner Philip Rogers said Mr Jenkins ' family in no way blamed Mr Davies .
He said Mr Jenkins ' son Paul had told him he took " some consolation " in the fact his father " was doing something he loved at the time of his death . "
Since the death of his wife the inquest heard Mr Jenkins had " devoted his life to his grandchildren and his second love cricket . "
The inquest heard Mr Jenkins was umpiring a match between Swansea and Llangennech on the afternoon of 4 July 2009 .
It was only after I had thrown the ball that I saw that Alcwyn was in the way
Stephen Davies , fielder Around 1630 BST Swansea were at the crease and the two batsmen went for a quick single .
Mr Davies , who was fielding , described how in one motion he caught the ball and turned quickly to throw it at the stumps .
" It was only after I had thrown the ball that I saw that Alcwyn was in the way , " he said .
" There was a couple of shouts - it just happened so quickly . "
Pc Michael Chislett , who investigated the death , told the inquest Mr Jenkins had his back to the fielder as he moved into position to determine if there was a run out .
" Unfortunately Alcwyn moved with his back to Stephen so did not see the ball that had been thrown in his direction . "
PC Chislett said a number of players shouted a warning but the ball struck Mr Jenkins on the right side of his head .
Either he had not heard the warnings , had not had time to react or " had been so professional he did not want to take his eyes off the stumps " , added Pc Chislett .
When he collapsed players and officials rushed to his assistance but he was unconscious .
Mr Jenkins was flown by air ambulance to Swansea 's Morriston Hospital where he was later pronounced dead .
A post mortem examination found the widower had died as a result of a head injury .
Mr Rogers said the incident that led to the death was a " normal everyday part of the game . "
He said : " It was a most unfortunate accident . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Chaplin fan club in Adipur has more than 200 members ( Photos : Sanjoy Ghosh )
A small town in the western Indian state of Gujarat is an unlikely haven for Charlie Chaplin impersonators .
The BBC's Soutik Biswas travelled to the town of Adipur to find out why .
In the rising heat of a flaming Indian summer , more than 100 people have gathered in a small town in Gujarat to celebrate Charlie Chaplin 's birthday .
There are girls and boys , men and women .
They are young and old , fit and feeble .
They have all trooped out into the streets of Adipur dressed up like the legendary actor 's tramp - toothbrush moustache , bowler hat , scruffy black suit , cane .
What binds them is a love of Chaplin 's cinema - most are members of the Charlie Circle , a local fan club which has been celebrating the actor 's birthday every April since 1973 .
I thought , is Chaplin an actor or a magician ?
I fell off my seat laughing in the darkness
Club founder Ashok Aswani
In pictures : India 's Chaplins
Out on the streets , a colourful party fuses Chaplin worship with Indian song and dance .
Scores of impersonators imitate the tramp 's bow - legged dance walk and waddle with mixed results .
Then they begin jumping up and down to Bollywood songs sung by a portly local singer and pumped out from crackling speakers strung on top of a rickety mobile music cart .
Worship
In the middle , girls togged out in colourful local costumes swirl around doing the garba , a popular local dance .
A couple of camel - drawn carts bring up the rear .
One is packed with toddler Chaplin impersonators .
In the other , a small statue and a big poster of the actor are " worshipped " , complete with a chanting Hindu priest and burning joss sticks .
The Chaplin fan club opened in 1973
" The tramp is dead , long live the tramp , " cries Kishore Bhawsar , a 52 - year - old bus conductor and fan club member who has composed a paean to his favourite actor .
Mr Bhawsar says his life changed after watching The Gold Rush , the 1925 comic gem featuring Chaplin chasing fortunes in the icy wilderness of Alaska .
" Chaplin absorbs grief and makes you laugh .
He said , ' I walk in the rain to hide my tears . '
He was a poet , " Mr Bhawsar shouts above the din .
The gathering roars in approval , as the procession snakes through the town while bystanders gape and traffic comes to a halt .
As dusk settles over the town , festivities move to a crummy hall where locals perform mimes , skits and watch a Chaplin film on the big screen .
" It 's a day we wait for every year .
It 's our biggest festival in many senses , " says Arjunji Bhimji Fariya , a 70 - something Morgan Freeman lookalike and retired bus driver .
Unusual place Mr Fariya saw his first Chaplin silent short as a 12 - year - old in Karachi , Pakistan , where he was born .
Now he is one of the oldest members of Charlie Circle .
" I have been walking in the Chaplin procession for the last eight years , " he says with a hint of pride .
Ashok Aswani launched the club after watching Chaplin films
Adipur , in arid , sprawling Kutch region , is an unlikely place for Chaplin adulation to grow deep roots .
Not very long ago , it was a sleepy town of refugees from Sindh in Pakistan , better known for a urea factory and a thriving port in its neighbourhood .
Two cinemas - one quaintly named Oslo after a Norwegian who visited the town - showed mainly Bollywood films .
But one man 's serendipitous discovery of Chaplin led to the town 's obsession with the actor .
Back in the summer of 1966 , The Gold Rush , thanks to a quirk of cinema distribution , arrived at Oslo and changed the life of Ashok Aswani , the son of a local pharmacist .
A drama and cinema buff - early pictures show him as a rakish young man , dressed sharply with an oil - slicked bouffant - Mr Aswani was cycling to his work as a typist when he saw a poster for the film .
He screeched to a halt .
" I was wonderstruck .
I found his dress and look fascinating .
How does the man bend his legs like that ? " he reminisces , bleary - eyed .
He says he got off his bike and gaped at the poster for 10 minutes .
Then he forgot about his job , left his cycle outside the hall , bought a ticket and went in .
" A whole new world of cinema opened up for me .
The music , technique , photography was so different !
And I thought , is Chaplin an actor or a magician ?
I fell off my seat laughing in the darkness , " says Mr Aswani . ' Obsession '
That day , Mr Aswani watched all four showings of The Gold Rush .
He was also fired .
The procession is a major festival in the town
" I lost my job , but I gained Chaplin .
I became obsessed with him , I became interested in acting and wanted desperately to become an actor , " he remembers .
The young man , his life changed by Chaplin 's cinema , dropped out of college and applied for an actor 's course in India 's most famous cinema school in the western city of Pune .
He passed the admission test , joined the school but was thrown out after six months when he failed his tests .
Returning to Adipur , Mr Aswani opened the Charlie Circle club in 1973 .
He became a practitioner of indigenous medicine , giving away free Chaplin CDs with his potions .
Chaplin 's spirit
Over a quarter of a century , the Chaplin fan club has grown ( more than 200 members and rising ) .
It has inspired a 74 - minute documentary by Australian filmmaker Kathryn Millard , a website and TV offers to participate in reality shows .
" When I set out to research a documentary about Chaplin imitators around the world , I had no idea that I would meet a very special community - perhaps Chaplin 's most devoted followers - in a small town in India , " says Ms Millard .
She says whenever she shows the film , people ask her whether there is a way they could join the Charlie Circle : " I hope they may start accepting associate members from other countries ! "
Chaplin impersonators are to be found all over the world , but it appears his spirit is truly alive and well in Adipur .
" The celebrations will never cease , " says 60 - year - old Mr Aswani , as the party winds down and he shakes off his tramp suit .
" Our children and grandchildren are already hooked to Chaplin 's films , so our homage to the actor will never end . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What can we learn from the IPCC climate models based upon their ability to reconstruct the global average surface temperature variations during the 20th Century ?
While the title of this article suggests I ’ve found evidence of natural climate cycles in the IPCC models , it ’s actually the temperature variability the models CANNOT explain that ends up being related to known climate cycles .
After an empirical adjustment for that unexplained temperature variability , it is shown that the models are producing too much global warming since 1970 , the period of most rapid growth in atmospheric carbon dioxide .
This suggests that the models are too sensitive , in which case they are forecasting too much future warming , too .
Climate Models ’ 20th Century Runs
We begin with the IPCC ’s best estimate of observed global average surface temperature variations over the 20th Century , from the “ HadCRUT3 ” dataset .
( Monthly running 3 - year averages are shown throughout . )
Of course , there are some serious concerns over the validity of this observed temperature record , especially over the strength of the long - term warming trend , but for the time being let ’s assume it is correct ( click on image to see a large version ) .
Also shown in the above graph is the climate model temperature reconstruction for the 20th Century averaged across 17 of the 21 climate models which the IPCC tracks .
To provide a reconstruction of 20th Century temperatures included in the PCMDI archive of climate model experiments , each modeling group was asked to use whatever forcings they believed were involved in producing the observed temperature record .
Those forcings generally include increasing carbon dioxide , various estimates of aerosol ( particulate ) pollution , and for some of the models , volcanoes .
( Also shown are polynomial fits to the curves , to allow a better visualization of the decadal time scale variations . )
There are a couple of notable features in the above chart .
First , the average warming trend across all 17 climate models ( +0.64 deg C per century ) exactly matches the observed trend … I did n’t plot the trend lines , which lie on top of each other .
This agreement might be expected since the models have been adjusted by the various modeling groups to best explain the 20th Century climate .
The more interesting feature , though , is the inability of the models to mimic the rapid warming before 1940 , and the lack of warming from the 1940s to the 1970s .
These two periods of inconvenient temperature variability are well known : ( 1 ) the pre-1940 warming was before atmospheric CO2 had increased very much ; and ( 2 ) the lack of warming from the 1940s to the 1970s was during a time of rapid growth in CO2 .
In other words , the stronger warming period should have been after 1940 , not before , based upon the CO2 warming effect alone .
Natural Climate Variability as an Explanation for What The Models Can Not Mimic
The next chart shows the difference between the two curves in the previous chart , that is , the 20th Century temperature variability the models have not , in an average sense , been able to explain .
Also shown are three known modes of natural variability : the Pacific Decadal Oscillation ( PDO , in blue ) ; the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation ( AMO , in green ) ; and the negative of the Southern Oscillation Index ( SOI , in red ) .
The SOI is a measure of El Nino and La Nina activity .
All three climate indicies have been scaled so that their net amount of variability ( standard deviation ) matches that of the “ unexplained temperature ” curve .
As can be seen , the three climate indices all bear some level of resemblance to the unexplained temperature variability in the 20th Century .
An optimum linear combination of the PDO , AMO , and SOI that best matches the models ’ “ unexplained temperature variability ” is shown as the dashed magenta line in the next graph .
There are some time lags included in this combination , with the PDO preceding temperature by 8 months , the SOI preceding temperature by 4 months , and the AMO having no time lag .
This demonstrates that , at least from an empirical standpoint , there are known natural modes of climate variability that might explain at least some portion of the temperature variability seen during the 20th Century .
If we exclude the post - 1970 data from the above analysis , the best combination of the PDO , AMO , and SOI results in the solid magenta curve .
Note that it does a somewhat better job of capturing the warmth around 1940 .
Now , let ’s add this natural component in with the original model curve we saw in the first graph , first based upon the full 100 years of overlap :
We now find a much better match with the observed temperature record .
But we see that the post - 1970 warming produced by the combined physical - statistical model tends to be over - stated , by about 40 % .
If we use the 1900 to 1970 overlap to come up with a natural variability component , the following graph shows that the post - 1970 warming is overstated by even more : 74 % .
Interpretation
What I believe this demonstrates is that after known , natural modes of climate variability are taken into account , the primary period of supposed CO2 - induced warming during the 20th Century – that from about 1970 onward – does not need as strong a CO2 - warming effect as is programmed into the average IPCC climate model .
This is because the natural variability seen BEFORE 1970 suggests that part of the warming AFTER 1970 is natural !
Note that I have deduced this from the IPCC ’s inherent admission that they can not explain all of the temperature variability seen during the 20th Century .
The Logical Absurdity of Some Climate Sensitivity Arguments
This demonstrates one of the absurdities ( Dick Lindzen ’s term , as I recall ) in the way current climate change theory works :
For a given observed temperature change , the smaller the forcing that caused it , the greater the inferred sensitivity of the climate system .
This is why Jim Hansen believes in catastrophic global warming : since he thinks he knows for sure that a relatively tiny forcing caused the Ice Ages , then the greater forcing produced by our CO2 emissions will result in even more dramatic climate change !
But taken to its logical conclusion , this relationship between the strength of the forcing , and the inferred sensitivity of the climate system , leads to the absurd notion that an infinitesimally small forcing causes nearly infinite climate sensitivity ( ! )
As I have mentioned before , this is analogous to an ancient tribe of people thinking their moral shortcomings were responsible for lightning , storms , and other whims of nature .
This absurdity is avoided if we simply admit that we do not know all of the natural forcings involved in climate change .
And the greater the number of natural forcings involved , then the less we have to worry about human - caused global warming .
The IPCC , though , never points out this inherent source of bias in its reports .
But the IPCC can not admit to scientific uncertainty … that would reduce the chance of getting the energy policy changes they so desire .
← Sidebar
Russia is known as an important exporter of oil , so there are a lot of oil industry infrastructure objects all over the country , sometimes something goes wrong and …
And one more video of an accident
Tags :
No tags
<< Omsk oblast page was updated
Novosibirsk oblast page was updated >>
No comments yet .
Is it a coincidence Verizon Wireless has consecutively had the last two most - anticipated Android handsets ?
With the Motorola DROID seemingly feeling like old news ( Google even basically castrated it themselves with a promise of an unbranded , Verizon - compatible Nexus One ) , the HTC Droid Incredible picks up where Motorola left off in almost every area .
We ’ve got a much thinner and more refined product that features an 8 megapixel camera , tons of memory , and HTC ’s Sense UI which takes care of most of Android ’s shortcomings .
We know that by now you are asking yourself only one question : “ Is the HTC Incredible actually incredible ? ”
We would love to answer that for you .
Hardware / Design
The HTC Droid Incredible is relatively unique as far as the design of the unit goes …
Yes , it is a delicious slab of a touchscreen plus touch sensitive keys and an optical directional pad , and yes , the front of the device can look a tad uninspired , but we believe the distinguishing theme of the Incredible is subtlety .
Once you move from the front of the unit to the back , you ’ll notice not a flat battery cover , but rather a form - fitting silky smooth piece of material that seems as if it has just been carefully laid over the device , much like a fabric cover for a high end sports car .
You can see practically all of the physical interior elements of the phone just from the battery cover .
It is one of the most luxurious - feeling plastic blends we have ever felt — not rubbery like a normal rubberized plastic finish–but rather a perfect mix of plastic and another material that gives the phone an amazing feel when you are using it .
Once you move past the absolutely huge camera sensor and start to peel away the back cover , you will be greeted with Verizon Wireless saying , “ Hello ! ” in the form of the color red .
Seriously , it is very red .
We cannot determine if it is a comforting red , or if it is so overwhelming that our minds start to wonder and hypothesize over whether it could be a prop in a horror movie .
Switching gears to how the hardware actually performs , we have mixed feelings about the layout of certain elements and buttons .
While the touch sensitive Android buttons below the display are much more friendly than the Droid Eris ’ , we are not sure we like the optical directional pad .
At least to us , it is pretty much useless on the phone .
For starters , it is absolutely tiny , and you cannot really get a good rhythm when navigating quickly , scrolling , or doing whatever else you ’re trying to do .
It is also not entirely comfortable to us when in use , but there is a good and reassuring feedback when actually pushing in the button to make a selection , so it is not all bad .
The materials feel amazing in your hand , but actually holding the phone and using it is a little bit of a challenge , we think .
First of all , the microUSB port on the lower left side is carved out a little bit too much in our opinion .
This makes it uncomfortable sometimes when holding the phone with one hand as your fingers might rest on the open port , and it can be a little sharp .
It definitely will not cut you , it is just a little distraction that can get annoying .
Another issue ?
The device is not just incredibly thin ( we ’ll try and hold off on too many more of those ) , it is actually not that wide either .
While in theory that sounds great , unfortunately it can get a little cramped when navigating the device with one hand .
You will have to try it out for yourself and see how you feel , but we feel that the Nexus One is much more comfortable to generally hold and use with one hand .
The rest of the phone is what you would expect from a physical hardware perspective–volume up / down keys on the upper left side , a power / unlock button on the top left , and a 3.5 mm headset jack smack in the middle of the top of the handset .
Contrary to rumors of the phone being underclocked to 768MHz , the HTC Droid Incredible does indeed run at a full 1GHz speed , and the hardware specs read like an Android stalker ’s favorite bedtime story : 512MB of RAM , 512 ROM , 8GB of internal storage , an 8 megapixel autofocus camera with dual - LED flash , Wi-Fi , an accelerometer , digital compass , Bluetooth , GPS , and Android 2.1 .
The last thing we would like to point out about the hardware is that while the phone seems to be ridiculously well manufactured , we ca n’t seem to shake this plasticky , dare we say cheap feeling when using it .
The front half of the phone seems to be made of a lower grade plastic and kind of takes away from the otherwise spectacular experience .
Screen
HTC has been gunning for the throne lately ( though , they already have it ) with powerful , sexy hardware , and since the screen on a touchscreen device is one of the most important parts , it is nice to see these high resolution displays being introduced by them left and right .
The Incredible features a 3.7 ″ AMOLED capacitive display and it is incredibly responsive ( ok , we broke our promise ) .
At first , we could not figure out why the colors were so dull , but after turning off the automatic brightness feature , we realized the phone just uses a little dimmer brightness setting compared to the Nexus One ( probably for battery life ) .
Once we dialed the brightness all the way up , colors literally popped , whites were perfectly white , text looked crisp , and we started loving the screen even more .
As far as usability , everything seems well .
Touches were registered with relative ease , and there were no misfires .
HTC has carved out a great arsenal of capacitive touch displays , second to only you - know - who , but we still hate looking at the capacitive points on the display .
You can see them really easily .
UPDATE : The screen on the HTC Droid Incredible is a little different than the one on the Google Nexus One after looking at it further .
The capacitive layer is different as well — the outcome is still the same , and they are both great performers , but we kind of prefer the Nexus One ’s screen just a tiny bit more .
OS
Android 2.1 is Google ’s latest release , and while you have probably heard our thoughts on the operating system in general , you should know that the HTC Droid Incredible is n’t a bare bones Google configuration .
It is far from it actually , thanks to HTC ’s construction of a custom UI , applications , social integrations , and even their own keyboard .
Anyone familiar with HTC ’s Sense UI will know what we ’re talking about , but for those of you who are pinning the DROID and Incredible against each other , they are two completely different animals .
HTC ’s implementation can be a little more consumer friendly at times than Google ’s base OS , but at the same time , there are 7 homescreen pages , widgets flying out of Eyjafjallajokull ’s volcano , raindrops and fog appearing on your screen , and some more sexy stuff .
The best bet if you are looking at both phones is to try them out in stores and see which one is less intimidating for you .
Or more if you go for that kind of thing , you sicko .
Phone
Wait , a phone that actually makes clear and crisp phone calls ?
In 2010 ?
You must be kidding me .
But we ’re not , the HTC Droid Incredible coupled with Verizon ’s famous - for - kicking - in - the - other - carrier ’s - teeth network makes for a really pleasant adventure .
Phone calls were loud and clear on both the earpiece and also when using the speakerphone capability .
Callers heard us just fine , and we have n’t dropped a single call while testing the phone .
Unfortunately , there is one area of the device ’s phone performance that is a little troubling , though probably not the end of the world .
We noticed the Incredible gets a slightly lower signal than the Motorola DROID and other Verizon Wireless phones .
The Incredible seems to be a bit finicky bouncing around from 2 bars to say 4 bars randomly while other devices are steadily on 4 or 5 bars consistently .
We are not sure if the signal is just not being represented properly due to a software issue or the phone is actually receiving a lower signal due to other reasons .
Corporate
While we have lose count of the number of people cursing Google ’s base Android 2.0/2.1 implementation of Microsoft Exchange support , you will be happy to hear that HTC ’s taken this issue into their own hands .
We ’re also happy to report that , as usual , HTC ’s Exchange support is fantastic , even going as far as supporting Exchange security profiles in addition to remote wipe capability .
Performance
You would like to think a phone with all of this horsepower under the hood would practically fly , would n’t you ?
Well , you would be mostly correct .
The normal slowdowns found on even high - powered Android devices are pretty much nowhere in sight on the Incredible .
Although HTC ’s Sense UI is n’t exactly lightweight , we ’re actually finding that the Incredible is slightly faster than the Google Nexus One laying next to it .
In addition to the device overall feeling snappier , we do n’t think we ’ve ever seen a mobile browser perform so well and load pages so quick .
That ’s great and all until you realize that the browser on the Incredible supports Adobe Flash , and still manages to spit out web pages faster than a Llama hanging out at Machu Picchu .
It ’s , well , Incredible .
Email composing , sending , and viewing are all ridiculously fast on the Incredible , but the issue of having a separate application for Gmail / Google Apps and Microsoft Exchange still remains .
While it is not a huge deal , we would love to see a totally integrated client to manage all of your email communications , though we doubt that will happen anytime soon .
Battery :
While not absolutely scientific , any battery concerns we had for a CDMA handset powered by a 1GHz processor were quickly alleviated after spending some time with the phone .
We got through the day with some heavy emailing , web browsing , and light phone calling with pretty much no issue , but obviously your usage patterns will yield different results .
Multimedia / Camera
Even though the sensor is 8 megapixels , videos and stills taken with the device are average .
And while it is well documented that Android has never been a multimedia champion thanks to its sub -par music / video playing software , HTC did manage to spruce things up a bit .
Nonetheless , it is definitely not our favorite mobile device for consuming multimedia content .
The dual - LED flash kicks ass , though !
( We ’re not kidding . )
Conclusion
This is always the hardest section to write because everyone has different taste , and everyone usually has their own reason for wanting a new phone .
Maybe you dropped it in your toilet , maybe you want to smash your BlackBerry 9530 with a sledgehammer , maybe your boss ca n’t stop making fun of your Palm Centro — we ’re not sure .
What we do know is that HTC has come up with another incredible device , pushing the boundaries of Android in practically every direction we can think of .
There is awesome corporate integration , tons of social networking elements built right in , a really friendly UI with fun and engaging widgets and animations , and a great web browser .
If you are not a bare bones type of person and have no need for a physical keyboard ( seriously , get over it already ) , we could not recommend a better phone on Verizon Wireless at this point in time .
Forget Verizon Wireless — the HTC Droid Incredible is our favorite Android device to date , and for $ 199 on a two year agreement , we are not sure there is a better deal to be had on the carrier .
Sure there are some drawbacks to the HTC Sense UI , and you will have to wait a bit longer for OS updates , but we are pretty sure everything we have outlined for you outweighs that .
We have additional photos along with high resolution photos in the gallery for you !
Click on over to our HTC Droid Incredible gallery !
Pos Language Family Script(s ) Used Speakers
( Millions ) Where Spoken ( Major ) 1 Mandarin Sino - Tibetan Chinese Characters 1151 China , Malaysia , Taiwan 2 English Indo-European Latin 1000 USA , UK , Australia , Canada , New Zealand 3 Spanish Indo-European Latin 500 Mexico , Central and South America , Spain 4 Hindi Indo-European Devanagari 490 North and Central India 5 Russian Indo-European Cyrillic 277 Russia , Central Asia 6 Arabic Afro-Asiatic Arabic 255 Middle East , Arabia , North Africa 7 Portuguese Indo-European Latin 240 Brazil , Portugal , Southern Africa 8 Bengali Indo-European Bengali 215 Bangladesh , Eastern India 9 French Indo-European Latin 200 France , Canada , West Africa , Central Africa 10 Malay , Indonesian Malayo - Polynesian Latin 175 Indonesia , Malaysia , Singapore 11 German Indo-European Latin 166 Germany , Austria , Central Europe 12 Japanese Altaic Chinese Characters and 2 Japanese Alphabets 132 Japan 13 Farsi ( Persian ) Indo- European Nastaliq 110 Iran , Afghanistan , Central Asia 14 Urdu Indo-European Nastaliq 104 Pakistan , India 15 Punjabi Indo-European Gurumukhi 103 Pakistan , India 16 Wu Sino - Tibetan Chinese Characters 90 China 17 Vietnamese Austroasiatic Based on Latin 86 Vietnam , China 18 Javanese Malayo - Polynesian Javanese 85 Indonesia 19 Tamil Dravidian Tamil 78 Southern India , Sri Lanka , Malyasia 20 Korean Altaic Hangul 78 Korean Peninsula 21 Turkish Altaic Latin 75 Turkey , Central Asia 22 Telugu Dravidian Telugu 74 Southern India 23 Marathi Indo-European Devanagari 72 Western India 24 Italian Indo-European Latin 62 Italy , Central Europe 25 Thai Sino - Tibetan Thai 60 Thailand , Laos 26 Burmese Sino- Tibetan Burmese 56 Myanmar 27 Cantonese Sino- Tibetan Chinese Characters 55 Southern China 28 Kannada Dravidian Kannada 47 Southern India 29 Gujarati Indo-European Gujarati 46 Western India , Kenya 30 Polish Indo-European Latin 46 Poland , Central Europe
KryssTal Related Pages
KryssTal Travel Ideas
There is a wide selection of fun things to do while in Atlanta , ranging from the Georgia Aquarium to the Atlanta Braves Museum or other museums , tours and the Stone Mountain Park .
One particularly appealing site when visiting Atlanta and a great tourist attraction for all the family is the World of Coca Cola .
This article is brought to you by TravelAffiliates.org , the first community for travel webmasters .
Find affiliates programs for hotels , flights and for all all other travel related services .
The Anne Frank House has been a museum since 1960 and is a must for any visitor to Amsterdam .
As the largest state in the state of New Mexico , Albuquerque has a selection of exciting attractions for tourists to the area .
One of the top tourist sites in the Albuquerque area that is well worth a visit is the Sandia Peak Tramway .
This attraction is also fondly referred to as The Tram by locals .
Among a range of varied and entertaining options for travelers to Baltimore , the National Aquarium is one of the most popular tourist sites in the area .
It is also considered one of the most common attractions for travelers in the whole of Maryland .
If you 're looking to have fun with animals , Sea World is the place to go .
More than just another aquarium , Sea World serves as a theme park , as well as a marine - life based zoo .
Books From Amazon.co.uk and Amazon.com
