UPDATED :
Top White House advisers deflected questions Sunday about former “ green jobs czar ” Van Jones early Sunday , just hours after he submitted his resignation amid a growing furor over his previous statements and political associations .
Politicians had been calling for Mr. Jones to resign after it was revealed in recent days he signed a petition supporting 9/11 conspiracy theories and called Republicans a series of vulgar epithets in a widely circulated video of a speech he made shortly before joining the Obama White House .
The Jones resignation capped a series of political missteps by the Obama administration as Congress and the president prepare to tackle one of his top priorities : health care .
“ What Van Jones decided was that the agenda of this president was bigger than any one individual .
The president thanks Van Jones for his service in the first eight months , ” White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Sunday on ABC ’s “ This Week . ”
He said Mr. Jones “ understood that he was going to get in the way ” of the president ’s agenda and opted not to do so .
Senior White House adviser David Axelrod said he did not believe the president knew about all of Mr. Jones ’ previous associations and was unfamiliar with his remarks , which included calls for an investigation of whether the Bush administration had advance knowledge of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks but let them happen in order to provide a pretext for war .
The abrupt resignation — in a controversy that grew to a head in less than a week — renewed questions about the Obama administration ’s ability to vet top aides .
The White House has been beset by quiet resignations from top picks — including former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle — and the almost - departures of some of his most important lieutenants , including Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner , who failed to report taxes owed the government .
In a resignation letter released by the White House via e-mail without advance notice just after midnight Sunday on a holiday weekend , Mr. Jones said he was the victim of a smear campaign .
“ On the eve of historic fights for health care and clean energy , opponents of reform have mounted a vicious smear campaign against me , ” he wrote .
“ They are using lies and distortions to distract and divide . ”
Mr. Jones said that while he ’s been getting encouragement from both political parties to “ stay and fight , ” he “ cannot in good conscience ask my colleagues to expend precious time and energy defending or explaining my past . ”
“ We need all hands on deck , fighting for the future , ” he said , adding in the letter for Council on Environmental Quality Chairman Nancy Sutley that he has been honored to serve the president .
Ms. Sutley issued a short statement thanking Mr. Jones for his work and calling him a “ strong voice for creating 21st century jobs that improve energy efficiency and utilize renewable resources . ”
On Sunday , former Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean called the Jones resignation “ a loss for the country . ”
Mr. Jones “ was brought down , and I think it ’s too bad .
Washington ’s a tough place that way , ” he told “ Fox News Sunday . ”
“ All of us campaigning for office have had people throw clipboards in front of our face and ask us to sign , and he learned the hard way you ought not to do that .
But I do n’t think he really thinks the government had anything to do with causing 9/11 , ” he said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
For more help see the Common Knowledge help page
You must log in to edit Common Knowledge data .
' Is n't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too ? '
The boy lay prone in the grass , his chin resting on his hands .
As a child , my wife hated her school and wished she could leave .
Quotations
Wolfenstein multiplayer team axed on release day Endrant Studios lets staff go as latest title in franchise hits US stores
Matt Martin Tuesday 18th August 2009
Share this article Share
Companies in this article Activision Publishing Endrant Studios
On the same day that Activision releases its latest title in the Wolfenstein franchise , GamesIndustry .biz can confirm that a number of the team responsible for the multiplayer portion of the game have been laid off .
UK based Endrant Studios had been co-developing Wolfenstein with Raven Software , and it was the first title by the team since forming in July 2008 .
" We have recently completed a development cycle and have regrettably been forced to make adjustments to staff and headcounts , " said a spokesperson for the studio .
" Those affected are valued members of our team who have worked incredibly hard on our latest title .
We hope that they land on their feet quickly . "
The spokesperson could not specify the exact number of redundancies at the 17 - man team due to ongoing efforts to secure other work .
Wolfenstein for PC , Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 is released today in North America , and on Friday in Europe .
A prison mug shot of legendary music producer Phil Spector shows the man beneath the wigs .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The balding man with long stringy hair on the sides is scarcely recognisable as Spector , known for his many elaborate hairstyles over the years .
He was forced to abandon his wigs after being sentenced last month to 19 years to life for killing actress Lana Clarkson .
The mug shot was taken on June 5 as part of the routine intake process in the US prison system .
" They took my husband 's freedom and dignity .
So why not his hair ? " said Spector 's wife Rachelle , who had previously suggested that her husband 's thick mane of hair was his own .
" This is a personal matter , " she said .
" But in case you do n't know , they do n't allow for much accessorising while in prison . "
Spector , 69 , was convicted of second - degree murder in the 2003 death of Ms Clarkson at his castle - like home in Alhambra , California .
Spector had two trials with essentially the same evidence .
The first ended in a jury deadlock .
He is being processed and evaluated at North Kern State Prison before being sent to his final prison destination .
Regulations forbid wigs and hairpieces unless they are deemed medically necessary .
In his heyday in the early and mid-1960s , Spector produced dozens of hits , including The Ronette 's " Be My Baby , " The Crystals ' " Da Doo Ron Ron " and The Righteous Brothers ' classic , " You 've Lost that Lovin ' Feelin . " '
Spector also worked on the Beatles album " Let It Be " and John Lennon 's album , " Imagine . "
His " Wall of Sound " used orchestrations and sometimes dozens of microphones to produce a dense , echoing sound that influenced everyone from The Beach Boys to Bruce Springsteen .
The Wall Street Journal is reporting that the FCC has begun investigating Apple ’s rejection of Google ’s official Google Voice application and the subsequent removal of similar third - party apps from the App Store .
You know the story by now —
Google submitted the app , it was rejected , third - party GV apps were then pulled , everyone was pissed , somehow heat was deflected on AT&T , AT&T called BS and so on .
Well apparently the FCC has decided to step in .
The WSJ reports that letters were sent from the FCC to Apple , AT&T and Google seeking information on the matter .
Specifically , “ the FCC asked why Apple rejected the Google Voice application for the iPhone and removed related applications from its App Store .
The letter also seeks information on how AT&T , the exclusive U.S. iPhone carrier , was consulted in the decision , if at all . ”
The Journal claims to have obtained the letter that was sent to Apple , which you ’ll find in its entirety after the jump .
We truly hope that — if nothing else — the FCC manages to take Apple down a peg where its ridiculous app approval process is concerned .
For the sake of developers ’ sanity , if nothing else .
Our favorite part of the letter :
What are the standards for considering and approving iPhone applications ?
What is the approval process for such applications ( timing , reasons for rejection , appeal process , etc. ) ?
What is the percentage of applications that are rejected ?
What are the major reasons for rejecting an application ?
Is there anyone out there who would n’t love to see Apple ’s responses to those questions ?
Priceless .
Read
Offshore - Strom Regierung plant 40 Hochsee - Windparks
Es ist ein gigantischer Plan : Die Bundesregierung will 40 Windparks in der Nord - und Ostsee bauen lassen - und noch vor der Wahl über das Großprojekt entscheiden .
Die Windräder könnten zwölf Millionen Haushalte mit Strom versorgen und 30.000 Arbeitsplätze schaffen .
" Ignorance is not merely the lack of knowledge , but self - destructive turning away from truth in all areas of life .
Persons develop a taste for ignorance , the predisposition to embrace erroneous beliefs based on presumption or mere authority .
The ignorant person believes he knows what he actually does n't know .
He becomes delusional .
He is deranged . "
So declared Plato , unwittingly describing the face of 21st - century American conservatism in the age of Obama .
Today , facts and fiction appear more interchangeable than ever before in America 's public discourse .
In the most recent example : Republican congressman Joe Wilson , after being officially censured for interrupting and yelling " You lie ! " at Obama during last week 's healthcare address to Congress , took it as badge of honour .
He pledged on his Twitter feed on Tuesday that " Despite Congress ' actions today , I will not back down from speaking the truth .
Please stand with me , " before asking people to donate to his 2010 campaign .
Apparently it does n't matter to Wilson that his heckling of the president , disgraceful as it was in its decorum , was based on pure fiction .
Obama has never advocated insuring illegal immigrants .
In fact , his bill explicitly bans it .
Regardless , Wilson continues to flaunt his assertion unapologetically – and it has made him a hero among the radical right .
That 's what 's most disturbing about this ordeal :
It shows that Americans can no longer agree on basic realities .
Certainly everyone 's entitled to their own opinion , but not everyone 's entitled to their own facts .
We can't have a serious debate about policy in this country when one group keeps inventing its own version of the truth .
It does n't matter to Sarah Palin that her claim about healthcare " death panels " was a flat - out lie .
She continues to tout it after being repeatedly taken to task – including by the Associated Press and the very fair FactCheck.org .
With no admission of her falsehood , millions of people still believe it , and the national dialogue remains tainted .
It does n't matter to Michael Steele , the chairman of the Republican party , and his cohorts that healthcare reform will only create more choice and competition in the form of a public insurance option .
They continue to claim it'll lead to a " government takeover " of the system and more " rationing " of care .
Their insistence on these erroneous claims fuelled the teabagging and town hall madness this summer .
It does n't matter to the birthers that Obama 's official birth certificate from Honolulu , Hawaii has been thoroughly examined and verified .
Their virulent anger toward this alleged Muslim socialist from Kenya remains immutable .
Even more stunning is that nearly two in three mainstream Republicans harbour doubts as to whether he 's a natural - born US citizen .
There could n't be a clearer sign that some people simply refuse to accept reality .
It 's one thing to cynically lie for political purposes and later take the punch if you get caught – another to cling to the lie after it has been exposed .
This is a major abdication of responsibility for public figures , and it serves only to feed the paranoia of a generation of troubled souls unable to come to grips with a country changing before their eyes – demographically and ideologically .
While previously the exception , this is quickly becoming the norm in today 's Republican party .
Thus we live in an era where , in the depths of ignorance , facts are no longer treated as facts .
Outlandish notions are portrayed in the media as legitimate points of view .
Debates over credible but differing opinions are being replaced by shouting matches over easily verifiable facts .
The truth can so easily be parsed or even snubbed for political gain , and far from facing repercussions , the perpetrators are often rewarded with widespread press coverage and devoted followings .
It 's true that this mentality predates Obama .
The usual suspects have snubbed science for decades – evolution is merely a theory , and global warming is a leftwing conspiracy .
There 's a reason scientists and intellectuals , in their affinity for truth , are rapidly deserting today 's Republican party and conservative movement .
But , the sheer volume and depth of the craziness appears to have escalated to unprecedented levels .
Thomas Jefferson famously said : " If a nation expects to be ignorant and free , in a state of civilisation , it expects what never was and never will be . "
The fabric of American civilisation now faces one of its its toughest tests to date .
Only time will tell whether it can it re-emerge from the darkness of ignorance .
An international team of astronomers , including Queen ’s University physicist Larry Widrow , have uncovered evidence of a nearby cosmic encounter .
Their study indicates that the Andromeda and Triangulum galaxies , the two galaxies closest to our own , collided about two to three billion years ago .
“ The encounter forever changed the structure of the galaxies , ” says Dr. Widrow , a professor of Physics , Engineering Physics and Astronomy at Queen’s .
“ The collision between the galaxies appears to have caused millions of stars to be ripped from the Triangulum disk to form a faint stream visible in the PAndAS data . ”
Dr. Widrow , along with John Dubinsky of the University of Toronto , recreated this galactic encounter using a high performance computer and theoretical modeling .
Their simulations illustrate how the strong gravitational field of Andromeda could have pulled stars away from the Triangulum disk creating a stream just as the team saw .
The Pan-Andromeda Archeological Survey ( PAndAS ) , led by Alan McConnachie of the Herzberg Institute of Astrophysics in Victoria BC , is using the Canada - France - Hawaii telescope to map the Andromeda and Triangulum galaxies .
This map , the largest of its kind , will allow astronomers to test the hypothesis that galaxies grow by “ cannibalizing ” other galaxies .
The findings from the first year of the survey are published this week in the journal Nature .
Galaxies are large collections of stars , often distributed in a disk - like pattern with spiral arms .
Nearly 40 years ago , astronomers learned that galaxies are embedded in extended halos of dark matter .
“ Our observations now show that stars also inhabit these outer halos , ” says Dr. Widrow .
“ We believe that these stars are relics of small galaxies that were destroyed by the powerful tidal fields of a larger galaxy .
Our observations also suggest that the Triangulum Galaxy is being ripped apart by Andromeda . ”
Andromeda , and our own galaxy the Milky Way , are the two largest members of a small cluster of galaxies known as the Local Group .
Triangulum , the third largest member of the Local Group , is about one - tenth the size of Andromeda .
“ Within a few billion years Triangulum will be completely destroyed by Andromeda and its stars will be dispersed throughout the Andromeda halo , ” says Dr. Widrow .
“ And a few billion years after that , Andromeda and the Milky Way will collide and merge together to form a giant elliptical galaxy . ”
Dr. Widrow is funded by a Discovery Grant with the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada ( NSERC ) .
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
Goce can fly much lower than was expected
Gravity satellite leads new wave ' Ice explorer ' ready for launch A European spacecraft will begin its quest this week to make the most detailed global map of the Earth 's gravity field .
The arrow - shaped Goce satellite can sense tiny variations in the planet 's tug as it sweeps around the world at the very low altitude of just 255 km .
The map will help scientists understand better how the oceans move .
It should also give them a universal reference to compare heights anywhere across the globe .
Goce was launched from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome in north - west Russia in March .
Engineers have since commissioned the spacecraft , satisfying themselves that all its systems are working properly .
But the satellite has had to wait until now for the right conditions to start its science campaign .
" We 've been in the so - called eclipse mode where the Sun does n't shine fully on the solar panels , but now we are entering the measurement mode , " said Dr Volker Liebig , the director of Earth observation at the European Space Agency ( Esa ) .
" Being able to fly low is very good for the measurements , and the Sun is so low in its activity at the moment that we can fly lower than we expected ; and that will give us a better signal , " he told BBC News .
The data return will be the first to come from Esa 's Earth Explorer programme , which is sending up a fleet of small satellites tasked with acquiring key information on issues of environmental concern .
GRAVITY FIELD AND STEADY - STATE OCEAN CIRCULATION EXPLORER
1 . The 1,100kg Goce is built from rigid materials and carries fixed solar wings .
The gravity data must be clear of spacecraft ' noise '
2 . Solar cells produce 1,300W and cover the Sun- facing side of Goce ; the near side ( as shown ) radiates heat to keep it cool 3 .
The 5 m - by - 1 m frame incorporates fins to stabilise the spacecraft as it flies through the residual air in the thermosphere 4 .
Goce 's accelerometers measure accelerations that are as small as 1 part in 10,000,000,000,000 of the gravity experienced on Earth 5 .
The UK - built engine ejects xenon ions at velocities exceeding 40,000 m /s ; the engine throttles up and down to keep Goce at a steady altitude 6 .
S Band antenna : Data downloads to the Kiruna ( Sweden ) ground station .
Processing , archiving is done at Esa 's centre in Frascati , Italy 7 .
GPS antennas : Precise positioning of Goce is required , but GPS data in itself can also provide some gravity field information
The precision with which Goce expects to make its gravity measurements means every disturbance the satellite could experience has to be minimised .
This includes avoiding the rapid and deep swings in temperature that come from different parts of the spacecraft going into and out of sunlight .
Goce data will be used to construct an idealised surface called a geoid
More details
Goce now flies with the Sun 's rays constantly streaming on to one side of the satellite .
Its permanently shadowed side radiates heat out into space .
To make its map , the satellite carries a set of six state - of - the - art accelerometers housed in a device called a gradiometer .
As the spacecraft " bumps " through Earth 's gravity field , the accelerometers sense fantastically small deviations - as small as one part in 10,000,000,000,000 of the gravity experienced at the Earth 's surface .
But to make the most of this sensitivity , Goce flies extremely low - much lower than is normal for Earth observation satellites .
Mission controllers have been fortunate in that solar activity which acts to excite the Earth 's atmosphere and raise its upper reaches has been exceptionally calm .
The density of residual air molecules that might otherwise buffet the spacecraft and introduce further noise into the data has been greatly reduced as a consequence .
In the zone Goce can now fly lower than its originally planned science altitude of 268 km .
Controllers currently have the spacecraft orbiting at 254.75 km .
They are throttling its ion engine up and down to keep it within a 50 m band .
Given that the errors in the gravity map double with every 20 km of additional altitude , the agency now expects a very fruitful science campaign .
" We 've been trying to discover just how good our measurements are , " Dr Rune Floberghagen , Esa 's Goce mission manager , told BBC News .
" We 've taken our measurements and we 've compared them with the state - of - the - art models of the Earth 's gravity field that are available today .
And what we see is what we hoped to see : our measurements basically follow the trend but certainly do contain a lot more high - frequency , finer - scale information . "
There is a misconception that the Earth 's pull is the same everywhere .
In reality , it differs ever so slightly from place to place .
One of the reasons is that our planet is not a perfect sphere - it is flatter at the poles , fatter at the equator .
Its interior layers are also not composed of uniform shells of homogenous rock - some regions are thicker or denser .
Although the variations in the gravity field are subtle , they have an important influence on many Earth systems .
Without a sense of how gravity helps pull water from one location to another , scientists cannot have a full understanding of ocean currents .
And without knowing where gravity shifts mean sea - level from location to location , scientists cannot properly compare the heights of objects , such as the mountain ranges on different continents .
GRAVITY FIELD AND STEADY - STATE OCEAN CIRCULATION EXPLORER
1 .
Goce senses tiny variations in the pull of gravity over Earth 2 .
The data is used to construct an idealised surface , or geoid 3 .
It traces gravity of equal ' potential ' ; balls wo n't roll on its ' slopes ' 4 .
It is the shape the oceans would take without winds and currents 5 .
So , comparing sea level and geoid data reveals ocean behaviour 6 .
Gravity changes can betray magma movements under volcanoes 7 .
A precise geoid underpins a universal height system for the world 8 .
Gravity data can also reveal how much mass is lost by ice sheets
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ние използваме бисквитки , за да гарантираме , че ви предоставяме най - доброто изживяване на нашия уебсайт .
Ако продължите да използвате този сайт , ще приемем , че сте съгласни с тов а
She was a down on her luck prostitute with a pimp , at least she pretended to be while working to uncover alleged wrongdoing within advocacy group ACORN , but it turns out the 20 - year - old hooker is actually a South Florida pastor 's daughter and an FIU undergrad .
Hannah Giles quickly became the most famous journalism student at Florida International University after she stirred up quite a storm and become a conservative hero while spending her summer posing as a call girl to infiltrate the offices of ACORN .
Giles became an internet sensation after hidden camera videos , showing her in scantily clad hooker gear entering ACORN offices in Baltimore , New York , Washington and San Bernadino , Calif. , accompanied by James Keefe , himself dressed in outrageous pimp wear , made the rounds on news outlets the past few weeks .
Undercover in ACORN
In the videos , Giles and Keefe discuss their situation with ACORN workers , saying the two need help getting a house which they would like to turn into an underage brothel .
The ACORN workers advise the two of illegal ways of getting around laws regarding income reporting .
The hooker role is a shocking turn for Giles , whose father , Doug Giles , is senior pastor of the Clash Church in Aventura , according to the Miami Herald .
Giles reportedly tried to work her undercover sting in Miami earlier this summer , but was unable to bait the local ACORN staff .
ACORN 's Florida director , Stephanie Porta , told the Herald that Giles showed up at the Miami office , but that staffers advised her to visit a domestic violence shelter .
Yesterday , the national ACORN office announced that the organization was suspending key operations while they perform an independent review into the videos .
It sounds like a recipe for environmental catastrophe : 42,000 bags of cement , 10,000 planks and a fleet of tractors being airlifted deep into the Amazon rainforest to establish whether a remote and unspoiled region of northern Peru can be turned into Latin America 's next great oilfield .
It could also spell human tragedy .
That , at least , is the claim before Lima 's constitutional court , where a British energy company will this week stand accused of orchestrating an exploration project that will " ethnically cleanse " two of the world 's last remaining uncontacted tribes .
Perenco , a London - based oil and gas firm , is being sued by Peru 's 350,000 - strong native Indian community over plans to bring its chainsaws , incinerators and heavy - lifting equipment into " Lot 67 , " a vast , secluded area of the Marañon basin near Peru 's border with Ecuador .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The company wants to establish whether the region has exploitable oil reserves .
But rooting around in the area may also result in the Pananujuri and Taromenane tribes , who are said to inhabit the jungle 's deepest reaches , coming into contact with outsiders for the first time .
That would represent a humanitarian disaster .
So - called " first contact " with tribes that have never encountered the outside world typically kills 50 - 80 per cent of their population , since they have no immunity to diseases that are perfectly common elsewhere .
With this in mind , Perenco 's presence recently prompted protests in the towns of Peru 's north - eastern region .
Now Aidesep , an alliance of the country 's indigenous tribes , has filed a lawsuit attempting to get Perenco 's exploration licence revoked .
" Perenco 's proposed exploration is unconstitutional , " said Stephen Corry of Survival International , a human rights organisation working with Aidesep .
" It amounts to taking away tribespeople 's land .
It destroys their ecosystem , pollutes their rivers , and drives away the game they rely on for food .
" Most of all , of course , it will kill them .
These tribes have never been exposed to things like cold and flu , and their immune systems wo n't be able to cope .
History shows that contact as slight as exchanging a shirt , or a few objects , with outsiders can decimate entire communities . "
Lima 's constitutional court will consider Aidesep 's lawsuit this week .
Its ruling is expected to hinge largely on the question of whether the Pananujuri and Taromenane tribes actually exist .
Despite strong anecdotal evidence , including sightings of spears , footprints and what appear to be dwellings in the region , their presence has never been definitively proven .
Perenco denies that any uncontacted tribes exist .
To back up its claims , the firm has commissioned researchers to survey the region .
" There have been a number of surveys conducted and there has been no evidence of uncontacted tribes on Lot 67 , " a spokesman for the firm said .
" Perenco is proud of its track record of responsible activity and is pleased to be supporting the local communities in the areas it operates . "
The court case puts Perenco at the centre of a heated debate .
For months , Peru 's indigenous communities have been protesting against government plans to open their homelands to energy and mining companies .
The row burst on to the international radar in June , with a massacre that became known as " the Amazon 's Tiananmen " .
Dozens were killed and hundreds wounded when Peruvian police fired on tribespeople demonstrating near the town of Bagua Grande .
That spiralled into a political crisis for President Alan Garcia , who claims the proposed development will revolutionise Peru 's economy , combat poverty and turn the country into a major oil exporter .
This week , the UN entered the fray , calling on the government to allow an international investigation into the Bagua Grande killings .
30.09.2020 - Viel Zucker , Fett und Kalorien – einige Fertigdesserts für Kinder sind eher Süßig­keiten .
Die Stiftung Warentest hat 25 Puddings , Joghurts , Quark - und Frisch­käse - Desserts aus dem Kühl­regal getestet , unter anderem von Danone , Dr. Oetker und Ehrmann .
Fünf bekommen schlechte Noten wegen zu viel Zucker .
Eins ist mangelhaft , weil es zu viel Fett enthält .
Fast jedes zweite Dessert können die Tester aber als Nachtisch oder Snack empfehlen ( Preise : 0,17 bis 1,27 Euro pro 100 Gramm ) .
Zum Test
Supporters of such tactics cite the dangers of terrorism , the threat of violence , and the inconvenient disruption of political proceedings as justifications for limiting free assembly and speech .
But the First Amendment does not apply only during periods of safety and calm .
Indeed , it is during perilous times that constitutional guarantees of speech and assembly are most necessary - and most endangered .
Volkswagen to Make Electricity in Your Basement
September 15th , 2009 by Susan Kraemer
We are used to the idea of powering our homes from our roofs , by now .
But what if we could get our electricity from the basement ?
From what ’s already down there … heating our homes .
Everyone who uses natural gas to supply heat and to heat water , could be tapping into that heat to make their own electricity as well with a CHP unit .
Unlike solar or wind power , this energy source could be supplying electric power both day and night , and whether it ’s windy or not .
And who better to make such a unit but an auto company that has already put in some design time making natural gas engines work more efficiently .
Volkswagen wants to make electricity in your basement .
If you live in Germany .
For now .
Volkswagen has formed a partnership with German energy supplier LichtBlick to build combined heat and power plants which are to be driven by high efficiency Volkswagen natural gas engines .
Obviously for the homeowner this means that as well as the option of making your own power on the roof , now there is the option of getting a supply from your basement as well .
But it is not primarily individual homeowners who would be the beneficiaries of Volkswagen ’s decentralized electricity swarm in their own basement .
Not directly , at least .
These units would send bursts of power , as needed , to the grid .
Each unit will connect to a grid operations center , and will be able to provide power on demand to the grid .
So LichtBlick will market the EcoBlue CHP home power plants to municipalities as a new , decentralized intelligent power supply scheme aptly named the SchwarmStrom or “ swarm of electricity ” .
What the electrical current “ swarm ” refers to is that 100,000 of these units in a town would effectively constitute a 2,000 megawatt natural gas power plant .
Just a decentralized one .
“ The home power plants together form a huge , invisible power station that does n’t make the countryside ugly or require additional infrastructure . ” says LichtBlick .
Lichtblick said the plan was that tens of thousands of generators could be mobilized to meet a surge in demand or if drought made it hard to cool nuclear plants or a calm spell idled wind turbines .
Conventional base - load power plants cannot be started up or shut down fast enough to compensate for fluctuations in power supply from solar or wind energy units as a result of changing weather conditions .
“ Gas plants have an advantage over nuclear power stations in that the heat produced by the latter is wasted ” , Claudia Kemfert ; the DIW research institute energy expert said , in evaluating the EcoBlue .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Australian and US solar cell researchers have achieved the highest efficiency for solar power , setting a new world record of 43 per cent of sunlight converted into electricity .
The University of New South Wales team , led by Scientia Professor Martin Green , Research Director of the UNSW ARC Photovoltaics Centre of Excellence , combined with two US groups to demonstrate a multi-cell combination which has set the new benchmark for converting sunlight into electricity by any possible approach .
“ Because sunlight is made up of many colours of different energy , ranging from the high energy ultraviolet to the low energy infrared , a combination of solar cells of different materials can convert sunlight more efficiently than any single cell , ” Professor Green said .
Professor Green , with colleague Dr Anita Ho-Baillie , led the team that developed a silicon cell optimised to capture light at the red and near - infrared end of the spectrum .
That cell was able to convert up to 46 per cent of light into electricity .
When combined with four other cells , each optimised for different parts of the solar spectrum , the five - cell combination converted 43 per cent of the sunlight into electricity , bettering the previous world record by 0.3 per cent .
“ Our group ’s silicon cell was the key contributor to the new result , ” Professor Green said .
Professor Stuart Wenham , Director of the ARC Centre , said the new record was not directly comparable to the 25 per cent efficiency world record for an individual solar cell set by UNSW last year .
However it was an important pointer for the future potential of solar photovoltaic power .
“ This latest record involves an expensive combination of cells and the sunlight was focused to produce a much higher intensity than standard sunlight for these measurements .
It does show , however , what eventually may be practical , ” Professor Wenham said .
Provided by University of New South Wales ( news : web )
Explore further Magic solar milestone reached : UNSW claims 25 percent solar cell efficiency title
August 28th , 2009
Jeremy Shada and John Di Maggio as our sanguivoriphobic heroes .
Olivia Olson as Marceline .
– Eric
At the Mercy of Somali Pirates Hansa Stavanger Crew Describe Hostage Ordeal
Somali pirates released the German freighter Hansa Stavanger last week after a four - month hostage crisis marked by gunfire , drugs and an unpredictable pirate commander .
Now crew members have described their ordeal in the hands of the khat - addled pirates .
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
People 's Physics Book
The intent of the authors is to produce an inexpensive alternative textbook for high school and college physics students and teachers .
Our vision is of a physics teacher cooperative that produces excellent work at little or no cost .
Copies of the source documents are freely available for download below .
You may ask a print or photocopy shop to print and bind the book at your own cost .
You may sell the book to students if the following conditions are met : ( i ) you have emailed us ( ii ) you will use the book for educational purposes only ; ( iii ) you will not sell the book for any profit , but only to recoup the cost of printing and distributing .
Updated : March 2017
Questions ?
Lamester Review :
It definitely was n’t complicated to figure out who today ’s lamester award goes to .
Sierra , we congratulate you !
It sounds like you have had a pretty rough year , while ol ’
Gary has been livin ’ it up .
So here is your award .
Go shove it in Gary ’s face .
Who knows ?
He just might take you back .
No.10 turns on Obama and Clinton for criticising decision to release Lockerbie bomber
Whitehall said US President Obama and Hillary Clinton 's reaction to Abdelbaset Al Megrahi 's release was ' disingenuous '
Downing Street has hit back at Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton for attacking the decision to release the Lockerbie bomber .
President Obama and the US Secretary of State fuelled a fierce American backlash against Britain , claiming Abdelbaset Al Megrahi should have been forced to serve out his jail sentence in Scotland – but a senior Whitehall aide said their reaction was ‘ disingenuous ’ .
British officials claim Mr Obama and Mrs Clinton were kept informed at all stages of discussions concerning Megrahi ’s return .
The officials say the Americans spoke out because they were taken aback by the row over Megrahi ’s release , not because they did not know it was about to happen .
‘ The US was kept fully in touch about everything that was going on with regard to Britain ’s discussions with Libya in recent years and about Megrahi , ’ said the Whitehall aide .
‘ We would never do anything about Lockerbie without discussing it with the US .
It is disingenuous of them to act as though Megrahi ’s return was out of the blue .
' They knew about our prisoner transfer agreement with Libya and they knew that the Scots were considering Megrahi ’s case . ’
Mr Obama said Megrahi ’s release on compassionate grounds was a ‘ mistake ’ while Mrs Clinton phoned the Scottish administration to complain in person .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown and Foreign Secretary David Miliband are said to have been ‘ disappointed ’ by the force of Washington ’s response .
American politicians claimed the Anglo - US ‘ special relationship ’ had been damaged ‘ for years to come ’ because the UK had gone back on a joint pledge that Megrahi would stay behind bars in Scotland .
Former US Justice Department official David Rivkin said it was ‘ duplicitous behaviour ’ .
Controversy : Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset Al Megrahi ( left ) arrives in Libya
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates 
For more than a year , prosecutors have been cracking down on the corruption and kickbacks that thrived during the boom years in this Persian Gulf city - state .
Dozens of executives have been arrested and charged in a high - profile effort to show that fraud will no longer be tolerated .
Investigators say their cases have uncovered $ 3.58 billion that was stolen or used as bribe money .
But alongside the con artists and crooks , a rising number of businesspeople have been sent to jail for going into debt .
Bouncing a check is a criminal offense here .
That fact has begun raising questions about the fairness of Dubai ’s laws , especially among the foreigners who make up about 90 percent of the population .
Consider the tale of Ali Fariq , a 33 - year - old Iraqi real estate agent now serving a three - year jail term .
Mr. Fariq says his ordeal in the Dubai legal system began last year when he was kidnapped and beaten by a diplomat who blamed him for an investment deal gone sour .
The diplomat , an Iraqi named Birhan al - Yacoubi , then forced Mr. Fariq  and later , his brother  to sign checks totaling $ 600,000 , he said .
She did not want the money ; she knew they did not have it .
Instead , she drove the men to a police station , where she presented the freshly signed checks as evidence of fraud , court records show .
Three El Monte men were arrested today after allegedly slashing a woman ’s throat and dumping her on the side of a steep canyon in Whittier , authorities said .
The woman , a 20 - year - old Bellflower resident , suffered a 4 - inch slash across her throat and had cuts and bruises on her body , said Jason Zuhlke , spokesman for the Whittier Police Department .
The men -- Vincent Mendoza , 21 ; Edward Meraz , 24 ; and Jose Ayala , 27 -- were booked on charges of attempted murder and kidnapping , Zuhlke said .
He said the woman underwent surgery at County - USC Medical Center and was listed in critical condition .
The woman knew the three men and had planned to go to the beach with them Monday , Zuhlke said .
Instead , they got in their car , tied her up with rope , beat her , cut her throat and left her in Turnbull Canyon in Whittier , he said .
“ They dumped her and took off , ” Zuhlke said .
The woman , still bleeding , eventually climbed up the hill to the 6000 block of Altmark Avenue , he said .
Residents on the street were awakened about 3:30 this morning by the woman ’s screams .
She gave police the suspects ’ names and a description of their vehicle .
Zuhlke said the three men , still in the Whittier area , were pulled over by police a short time later .
“ They had rope " and a shovel in the car , he said .
-- Robert Lopez
We 're all expecting G.I .
Joe to be one of the worst movies of all time — but we were actually overestimating it .
Judging from the novelization , G.I . Joe will be a masterpiece of badness , Showgirls meets Plan 9 .
Spoilers ahead ...
Advertisement
We were lucky enough to get a copy of Max Allan Collins ' novelization of G.I. Joe : The Rise Of COBRA .
And we had not fully appreciated the dementia of this storyline , which really is all about nanotech and how it 'll eat the world .
In the G.I . Joe universe , nanotech can do almost anything — turn regular people into super - soldiers , control your mind , devour the Eiffel Tower .
I would n't be surprised if this movie 's script was actually written by nanobots , which sliced up a million other action - movie scripts and mashed them up into a wonderfully incoherent mess .
There are undigested scraps of Sho Kosugi movies and bad war movies floating around this gray goo of a story , and it 's nice to watch them sail past .
Advertisement
This might actually be the most prominent nanotech action movie ever —
I 'm straining to think of another movie where nanotechnology is so central to the plot .
The central villain of the movie , of course , is the Scottish James McCullen ( Christopher Eccleston ) , an arms merchant who secretly hungers for power .
In a flashback , his ancestor gets tortured by the French by being fitted with a searing - hot metal mask , and so McCullen has a special hatred for French people .
When we meet the present - day McCullen , he 's selling the NATO brass on his latest weapon — nanomites , which are basically nanomachines that eat anything metal , until you hit their " Kill Switch " and turn them off .
They can disarm an opponent without the need for bloodshed , and so one NATO suit jokes that McCullen may be the first arms merchant to win a Nobel Peace Prize .
But McCullen , of course , has other plans — after he delivers the nanomites to NATO , he launches an attack of his Neo - Vipers to steal them back .
The Neo-Vipers are supersoldiers who have been enhanced by nanotechnology — which also controls their minds .
At one point , McCullen gloats that his troops still have their own thoughts , but they 're incapable of doing anything but obey his orders .
The convoy escorting the nanomites is led by Conrad " Duke " Hauser and Wallace " Ripcord " Weems , and they 're the only ones who are prepared when the Neo - Vipers attack .
Advertisement
The convoy gets wiped out , but luckily the G.I. JOE squad shows up — an international team of super - experts who do n't officially exist , but appear as if by magic when they 're needed .
There 's Heavy Duty , who 's heavy and does his duty .
There 's Scarlett , who has red hair .
There 's Cover Girl , who 's blonde .
There 's Breaker , who ... uh , breaks things .
And there 's Snake Eyes , a ninja who 's taken a vow of silence .
And then their leader , General Hawk .
The JOEs save the day , but Duke is loath to hand over his hard - won nanomite cargo to them , so they take him and Ripcord back to their secret base .
And of course , Duke and Ripcord wind up joining the team , to the sound of people shouting " Yo JOE ! "
( That 's their rallying cry . )
Meanwhile , McCullen has his own colorful squad .
There 's Zartan , a fiendishly exotic killer who can impersonate anyone .
The Baroness , who turns out to be Duke 's ex-fiancee — but now she 's married to a Baron , who 's not allowed to touch her , or a ninja will kill him .
( Seriously , it 's a running subplot : if her husband so much as kisses her , the always - watchful ninja will kill him .
Try bringing THAT up in marriage counseling . )
There 's the ninja , Storm Shadow , who 's taken a vow of nastiness towards Snake Eyes .
And finally , the Doctor , the fiendish nanotechnology genius with a crazy mask who makes the whole wacky operation possible .
Advertisement
When Storm Shadow and Snake Eyes finally face off , Storm Shadow hisses in Japanese , " You took a vow of silence ...
Now you will die without a word . "
Sho Kosugi , eat your heart out .
Advertisement
There 's also this great bit , towards the end :
Heavy Duty told them : " You know the mission : Find Duke ... " " ... grab the warheads , " Rip said .
" And kill all the bad guys , " Scarlett said .
" Roger that , " Heavy D said .
Snake Eyes , of course , said nothing .
But they all knew that when it came to killing bad guys , he was the man .
Advertisement
Snake Eyes can't talk , but he can send text messages , which is kind of cute .
Eventually , we learn that the reason why Duke and the Baroness are no longer together is because Duke got the Baroness ' brother killed on a mission .
Except that there 's a shocking twist , and if you can't see it coming a mile off , I have no hope for you .
Advertisement
Last year 's summer movies were all about the relentless advances of weapons technology , and what they cost us .
Iron Man was about a remorseful weapons maker , Incredible Hulk was about a remorseful military experiment , and The Dark Knight bemoaned the fact that all of Bruce Wayne 's fancy armaments only spurred on the homicidal maniacs .
This year , though , it 's gung - ho militarism season , spearheaded by toy movies — literally , movies based on toys .
Advertisement
The advantage that G.I. Joe has over this summer 's other Hasbro movie , Transformers 2 , is that its human characters are action figures .
In Transformers , the robots were toys but the people were just standard movie characters — almost every movie nowadays has an Italian Jewish male stripper who blogs about killer robots , after all .
But in G.I .
Joe , every single character feels like an action figure walking around — reading the novelization is like watching a five - year - old play with figurines , while a middle - aged guy narrates portentously .
In other words , it 's probably the most perfect action - adventure novel ever .
Advertisement
So because this is all about toys , there are lots and lots of loving descriptions of military hardware , from flying drones to fighter jets to a stealth van called the Scarab .
You 've already seen the ridiculous Iron Man-esque power suits which Duke and Ripcord wear in one crucial Paris sequence , but the story is loaded with insane hardware .
Scarlett gets to wear a special combat suit , which renders her totally invisible .
At one point , Collins refers to Heavy Duty as wielding a massive " machine - gun - cum - grenade - launcher , " which put a mental image in my mind that I do n't think he intended .
Advertisement
When the Vipers attack the convoy , they arrive in a super - armored stealth ship called a Typhoon , shooting pulse lasers that fling the dead bodies of Duke 's Special Forces squad " like discarded refuse . "
And then there 's this great description of the Baroness , who shows up on the scene :
The neckline of the body armor exposed the upper part of her swelling bosom , an exposure of flesh that arrogantly dared bullets to try for her , as if she could walk blithely across the battlescape .
Advertisement
Even amidst an army of plastic characters and silly dialogue , the biggest problem is probably Ripcord , who 's played by Marlon Wayans in the movie and is exactly as emasculated as you might have feared .
Towards the beginning , when the convoy is attacked , Ripcord gets startled by a shape coming up behind him , and squeals " like a Girl Scout whose cookies had been snatched from her " — before he realizes it 's just a stray cow .
Later , in the big Paris chase scene , Ripcord runs through a lingerie store and winds up with a bra on his powersuit helmet .
He 's the one who spouts the jokes about " kung - fu grip , " and he 's the dumb one who needs everything explained to him .
He 's constantly saying things like " I 'm livin ' a brother 's dream , man . "
To be fair , though , he does get to save the day in the end , and he has a quasi- romance with Scarlett .
Here 's my favorite passage in the whole book , after the JOE squad gets back to their base :
In his stateroom , General Hawk was in the office area , at his desk , humming a jaunty military tune .
He was going over the paperwork regarding the new JOEs , Hauser and Weems , when a crisp knock came at the door .
He rose , answered it , and found his lovely blonde aide , with the smart tablet in one hand and a stylus in the other .
" Sorry to disturb you , sir . "
" Not at all , Cover Girl . "
" I just need you to sign here , here , and here ... "
He did so .
Then she said , " And here , and here . "
This he also did .
" Anything else ? " he asked .
" No , sir , just this ... "
She gave him a rare , unguarded smile .
" And another thirty - six pages . "
He grinned at her .
" Maybe you should step inside . "
She hugged the smart tablet to her , and began to say something , but it never got said , because the tip of a Katar dagger thrust through the tablet , having taken a path through Cover Girl 's back .
As she fell to her knees , eyes large with the shock of dying , the figure of Zartan in camo - cap and jacket revealed the source of the blade .
Advertisement
Her name is Cover Girl ... but she gets stabbed in the back .
Get it ?
Get it ??
Advertisement
A lot of the violence is amazingly sexualized , actually — there are several scenes between Duke and Baroness where they 're so close they can feel each other 's breath , as they grapple or wield guns at each other , and it's the nearest and hottest they 've been since they used to make love .
When the Baroness and Scarlett have their inevitable girl fight , Collins describes the two women as being " locked in a violent embrace . "
There 's a flashback where the young Storm Shadow and Snake Eyes train together and vie for the approval of their teacher , the Hard Master .
Oh , and I should mention that Max Allan Collins is one of my fave writers , and he does a great job with an incredibly silly story .
His Ms. Tree is one of my favorite comics of all time , and I love his work on Batman .
Here , he occasionally manages to channel the great Mickey Spillane , his idol with whom he collaborated on the underrated Mike Danger series , with some very loopy prose and action - packed jaw - gritting .
Advertisement
It all explodes into a James Bond villain - esque climax where McCullen plans to wipe out three major cities and do something unspeakable to the U.S. president .
( And it ends on a genuinely lunatic cliffhanger , which I wo n't spoil . )
The nanotech threatens to devour everything , unless our heroes can hit the kill switches , or unless Ripcord can shoot down the nanotech warheads in mid-air .
And as you 've probably heard , James McCullen 's face gets hideously scarred , and he winds up with a new mask made out of nanotech .
A mask made out of nanotech !
Sadly , it does n't reshape itself into new forms or create emoticons or anything .
Advertisement
In the end , that 's the thing that still gives me hope for G.I. Joe — with Christopher Eccleston playing McCullen / Destro and Joseph Gordon Levitt playing The Doctor / Cobra Commander , all of this over - the - top growling about using nanotech warheads to blow up the world may actually cure our recent villain ennui .
Like so much else about this film , it really depends on whether flesh - and - blood actors can fully embody the plastic miens and jerky - limbed heroism of the toys of your youth .
If not , you can always buy the newest line of toys and zoom them around your bed while you read Collins ' musky prose .
ECONOMICS IS NOT NATURAL SCIENCE
The marketplace in which most commerce takes place today is not a pre-existing condition of the universe .
It 's not nature .
It 's a game , with very particular rules , set in motion by real people with real purposes .
That 's why it 's so amazing to me that scientists , and people calling themselves scientists , would propose to study the market as if it were some natural system — like the weather , or a coral reef .
It 's not .
It 's a product not of nature but of engineering .
And to treat the market as nature , as some product of purely evolutionary forces , is to deny ourselves access to its ongoing redesign .
It 's as if we woke up in a world where just one operating system was running on all our computers and , worse , we did n't realize that any other operating system ever did or could ever exist .
We would simply accept Windows as a given circumstance , and look for ways to adjust our society to its needs rather than the other way around .
It is up to our most rigorous thinkers and writers not to base their work on widely accepted but largely artificial constructs .
It is their job to differentiate between the map and the territory — to recognize when a series of false assumptions is corrupting their observations and conclusions .
As the great interest in the arguments of Richard Dawkins , Daniel Dennett , Sam Harris , and Christopher Hitchens shows us , there is a growing acceptance and hunger for thinkers who dare to challenge the widespread belief in creation mythologies .
That it has become easier to challenge the supremacy of God than to question the supremacy of the market testifies to the way any group can fall victim to a creation myth — especially when they are rewarded to do so .
Too many technologists , scientists , writers and theorists accept the underlying premise of our corporate - driven marketplace as a precondition of the universe or , worse , as the ultimate beneficiary of their findings .
If a " free " economy of the sort depicted by Chris Anderson or Clay Shirky is really on its way , then books themselves are soon to be little more than loss leaders for high - priced corporate lecturing .
In such a scheme how could professional writers and theorists possibly escape biasing their works towards the needs of the corporate lecture market ?
It 's as if the value of a theory or perspective rests solely in its applicability to the business sector .
Whether it 's being done in honest ignorance , blind obedience , or cynical exploitation of the market , the result is the same : our ability to envision new solutions to the latest challenges is stunted by a dependence on market - driven and market - compatible answers .
Instead , we are encouraged to apply the rules of genetics , neuroscience , or systems theory to the economy , and to do so in a dangerously determinist fashion .
In their ongoing effort to define and the defend the functioning of the market through science and systems theory , some of today 's brightest thinkers have , perhaps inadvertently , promoted a mythology about commerce , culture , and competition .
And it is a mythology as false , dangerous , and ultimately deadly as any religion .
The trend began on the pages of the digital business magazine , Wired , which served to reframe new tech innovations and science discoveries in terms friendly to disoriented speculators .
Wired would not fundamentally challenge the market ; it would provide bankers and investors with a map to the new territory , including the consultants they 'd need to maintain their authority over the economy .
The first and probably most influential among them was Peter Schwartz , who , in 1997 , with Peter Leyden , forecast a " long boom " of at least 25 years of prosperity and environmental health fueled by digital technology and , most importantly , the maintenance of open markets .
Kevin Kelly foresaw the way digital abundance would challenge scarce markets , and offered clear rules through which the largest companies could still thrive on the phenomenon .
Stewart Brand joined Schwartz and others in cofounding GBN , a futurist consulting firm whose very name Global Business Network , seemed to cast the emergence of a web economy in a new light .
What did it mean that everyone from William Gibson to Brian Eno to Marvin Minsky would now be consulting to the biggest corporations on earth ?
Would they even be able to control their own messages ?
Brand did famously say in 1984 that " information wants to be free . "
But , much less publicized and remembered , he did so only after explaining that " information wants to be expensive , because it 's so valuable . "
Would his and others ' work now be parsed for the tidbits most effective at promoting a skewed vision of the new economy ?
Would the counterculture be able to use its newfound access to the board rooms of the Fortune 500 to hack the business landscape , or had they simply surrendered to the eventual absorption of everything and everyone to an eternal primacy of corporate capitalism ?
The " scenario plans " that resulted from this work , through which corporations could envision continued domination of their industries , appeared to indicate the latter .
Chris Anderson has analyzed where all this is going , and — rather than offering up a vision of a post - scarcity economy — advised companies to simply leverage the abundant to sell whatever they can keep scarce .
Likewise , Tim O'Reilly and John Batelle 's new , highly dimensional conception of the net — Web Squared — ultimately offers itself up as a template through which companies can make money by controlling the indexes people use to navigate information space .
Both science and technology are challenging long - held assumptions about top - down control , competition , and scarcity .
But our leading thinkers are less likely to provide us with genuinely revolutionary axioms for a more highly evolved marketplace than reactionary responses to the networks , technologies , and discoveries that threaten to expose the marketplace for the arbitrarily designed poker game it is .
They are not new rules for a new economy , but new rules for propping up old economic interests in the face of massive decentralization .
While we can find evidence of the corporate marketplace biasing the application of any field of inquiry , it is our limited economic perspective that prevents us from supporting work that serves values external to the market .
This is why it is particularly treacherous to limit economic thought to the game as it is currently played , and to present these arguments with near - scientific certainty .
The sense of inevitability and pre-destiny shaping these narratives , as well as their ultimate obedience to market dogma , is most dangerous , however , for the way it trickles down to writers and theorists less directly or consciously concerned with market forces .
It fosters , both directly and by example , a willingness to apply genetics , neuroscience , or systems theory to the economy , and of doing so in a decidedly determinist and often sloppy fashion .
Then , the pull of the market itself does the rest of the work , tilting the ideas of many of today 's best minds toward the agenda of the highest bidder .
So Steven Johnson ends up leaning , perhaps more than he should , on the corporate - friendly evidence that commercial TV and video games are actually healthy .
( Think of how many corporations would hire a speaker who argued that everything bad — like marketing and media — is actually bad for you . )
Likewise , Malcolm Gladwell finds himself repeatedly using recent discoveries from neuroscience to argue that higher human cognition is more than trumped by reptilian impulse ; we may as well be guided by advertising professionals , since we 're just acting mindlessly in response to crude stimuli , anyway .
Everything becomes about business — and that 's more than okay .
This widespread acceptance of the current economic order as a fact of nature ends up compromising the impact of new findings , and changing the public 's relationship to the science going on around them .
These authors do not chronicle ( or celebrate ) the full frontal assault that new technologies and scientific discoveries pose to , say , the monopolization of value creation or the centralization of currency .
Instead , they sell corporations a new , science - based algorithm for strategic investing on the new landscape .
Higher sales reports and lecture fees serve as positive reinforcement for authors to incorporate the market 's bias even more enthusiastically the next time out .
Write books that business likes , and you do better business .
The cycle is self - perpetuating .
But just because it pays the mortgage does n't make it true .
In fact , thanks to their blind acceptance of a particular theory of the market , most of these concepts end up failing to accurately predict the future .
Instead of 25 years of prosperity and eco-health , we got the dotcom bust and global warming .
Immersion in media is not really good for us .
People are capable of responding to a more complex call to action than the over - simplified and emotional rants of right - wing ideologues .
The decentralizing effect of new media has been met by an overwhelming concentration of corporate conglomeration .
These theories fail not because the math or science underlying them is false , but rather because it is being inappropriately applied .
Yet too many theorists keep buying into them , desperate for some logical flourish through which the premise of scarcity can somehow fit in , and business audiences won .
In the process , they ignore the genuinely relevant question : whether the economic model , the game rules set in place half a millennium ago by kings with armies , can continue to hold back the genuine market activity of people enabled by computers .
People are beginning to create and exchange value again , and they are coming to realize the market they have taken for granted is not a condition of nature .
This is the threat — and no amount of theoretical recontextualization is going to change that — or successfully prevent it .
Making Markets : From Abundance To Artificial Scarcity
The economy in which we operate is not a natural system , but a set of rules developed in the Late Middle Ages in order to prevent the unchecked rise of a merchant class that was creating and exchanging value with impunity .
This was what we might today call a peer - to - peer economy , and did not depend on central employers or even central currency .
People brought grain in from the fields , had it weighed at a grain store , and left with a receipt — usually stamped into a thin piece of foil .
The foil could be torn into smaller pieces and used as currency in town .
Each piece represented a specific amount of grain .
The money was quite literally earned into existence — and the total amount in circulation reflected the abundance of the crop .
Now the interesting thing about this money is that it lost value over time .
The grain store had to be paid , some of the grain was lost to rats and spoilage .
So each year , the grain store would reissue the money for any grain that had n't actually been claimed .
This meant that the money was biased towards transactions — towards circulation , rather than hording .
People wanted to spend it .
And the more money circulates ( to a point ) the better and more bountiful the economy .
Preventative maintenance on machinery , research and development on new windmills and water wheels , was at a high .
Many towns became so prosperous that they invested in long - term projects , like cathedrals .
The " Age of Cathedrals " of this pre-Renaissance period was not funded by the Vatican , but by the bottom - up activity of vibrant local economies .
The work week got shorter , people got taller , and life expectancy increased .
( Were the Late Middle Ages perfect ?
No — not by any means .
I am not in any way calling for a return to the Middle Ages .
But an honest appraisal of the economic mechanisms in place before our own is required if we are ever going to contend with the biases of the system we are currently mistaking for the way it has always and must always be . )
Feudal lords , early kings , and the aristocracy were not participating in this wealth creation .
Their families had n't created value in centuries , and they needed a mechanism through which to maintain their own stature in the face of a rising middle class .
The two ideas they came up with are still with us today in essentially the same form , and have become so embedded in commerce that we mistake them for pre-existing laws of economic activity .
The first innovation was to centralize currency .
What better way for the already rich to maintain their wealth than to make money scarce ?
Monarchs forcibly made abundant local currencies illegal , and required people to exchange value through artificially scarce central currencies , instead .
Not only was centrally issued money easier to tax , but it gave central banks an easy way to extract value through debasement ( removing gold content ) .
The bias of scarce currency , however , was towards hording .
Those with access to the treasury could accrue wealth by lending or investing passively in value creation by others .
Prosperity on the periphery quickly diminished as value was drawn toward the center .
Within a few decades of the establishment of central currency in France came local poverty , an end to subsistence farming , and the plague .
( The economy we now celebrate as the happy result of these Renaissance innovations only took effect after Europe had lost half of its population . )
As it 's currently practiced , the issuance of currency — a public utility , really — is still controlled in much the same manner by central banks .
They issue the currency in the form of a loan to a bank , which in turn loans it a business .
Each borrower must pay back more then he has acquired , necessitating competition — and more borrowing .
An economy with a strictly enforced central currency must expand at the rate of debt ; it is no longer ruled principally by the laws of supply and demand , but the debt structures of its lenders and borrowers .
Those who can't grow organically must acquire businesses in order to grow artificially .
Even though nearly 80 % of mergers and acquisitions fail to create value for either party , the rules of a debt - based economy — and the shareholders it was developed to favor — insist on growth at the expense of long - term value .
The second great innovation was the chartered monopoly , through which kings could grant exclusive control over a sector or region to a favored company in return for an investment in the enterprise .
This gave rise to monopoly markets , such as the British East India Trading Company 's exclusive right to trade in the American Colonies .
Colonists who grew cotton were not permitted to sell it to other people or , worse , fabricate clothes .
These activities would have generated value from the bottom up , in a way that could not have been extracted by a central authority .
Instead , colonists were required to sell cotton to the Company , at fixed prices , who shipped it back to England where it was fabricated into clothes by another chartered monopoly , and then shipped to back to America for sale to the colonists .
It was not more efficient ; it was simply more extractive .
The resulting economy encouraged — and often forced — people to accept employment from chartered corporations rather than create value for themselves .
When natives of the Indies began making rope to sell to the Dutch East India Trading Company , the Company sought and won laws making rope fabrication in the Indies illegal for anyone except the Company itself .
Former rope - makers had to close their workshops , and work instead for lower wages as employees of the company .
We ended up with an economy based in scarcity and competition rather than abundance and collaboration ; an economy that requires growth and eschews sustainable business models .
It may or may not better reflect the laws of nature — and that it is a conversation we really should have — but it is certainly not the result of entirely natural set of principles in action .
It is a system designed by certain people at a certain moment in history , with very specific interests .
Like artists of the Renaissance , who were required to find patrons to support their work , most scientists , mathematicians , theorists , and technologists today must find support from either the public or private sectors to carry on their work .
This support is not won by calling attention to the Monopoly board most of us mistake for the real economy .
It is won by applying insights to the techniques through which their patrons can better play the game .
This has biased their observations and their conclusions .
Like John Nash , who carried out game theory experiments for RAND in the 1950's , these business consultants see competition and self - interest where there is none , and reject all evidence to the contrary .
Although he later recanted his conclusions , Nash and his colleagues could n't believe that their subjects would choose a collaborative course of action when presented with the " prisoner 's dilemma , " and simply ignored their initial results .
Likewise , the proponents of today 's digital libertarianism exploit any evidence they can find of evolutionary principles that reflect the fundamental competitiveness of human beings and other life forms , while ignoring the much more rigorously gathered evidence of cooperation as a primary human social skill .
The late archeologist Glynn Isaac , for one , demonstrated how food sharing , labor distribution , social networking and other collaborative activities are what gave our evolutionary forefathers the ability to survive .
Harvard biologist Ian Gilby 's research on hunting among bats and chimps demonstrates advanced forms of cooperation , collective action , and sharing of meat disproportional to the risks taken to kill it .
Instead , it is more popular to focus on the self - interested battle for survival of the fittest .
Whether or not he intends his work to be used this way , Steven Pinker 's arguments about decreasing violence among humans over time are employed by others as evidence of the free market 's peaceful influence on civilization .
Ray Kurzweil relegates the entire human race to a subordinate role in the much more significant evolution of machines — a dehumanizing stance that dovetails all too well with an industrial marketplace in which most human beings are now relegated to the reactive role of consumers .
In Chris Anderson 's vision of the coming " Petabyte Age , " no human scientists are even required .
That 's because the structures that emerge from multi-dimensional data sets will be self - organizing and self - apparent .
The emergent properties of natural systems and artificial markets are treated interchangeably .
Like Adam Smith's " invisible hand , " or Austrian economist Friedrich Hayek 's notion of " catallaxy , " markets are predestined to reach equilibrium by their very nature .
Just like any other complex , natural system .
In short , these economic theories are selecting examples from nature to confirm the properties of a wholly designed marketplace : self - interested actors , inevitable equilibrium , a scarcity of resources , competition for survival .
In doing so , they confirm — or at the very least , reinforce — the false idea that the laws of an artificially scarce fiscal scheme are a species ' inheritance rather than a social construction enforced with gunpowder .
At the very least , the language of science confers undeserved authority on these blindly accepted economic assumptions .
The Net Effect Worst of all , when a potentially destabilizing and decentralizing medium such as the Internet comes along , this half - true and half - hearted style of inquiry follows the story only until a means to arrest its development is discovered and new strategies may be offered .
The open source ethos , through which anyone who understands the code can effectively redesign a program to his own liking , is repackaged by Jeff Howe as " crowdsourcing " through which corporations can once again harness the tremendous potential of real people acting in concert , for free .
Viral media is reinvented by Malcolm Gladwell as " social contagion , " or Tim Draper as " viral marketing " — techniques through which mass marketers can once again define human choice as a series of consumer decisions .
The decentralizing bias of new media is thus accepted and interpolated only until the market 's intellectual guard can devise a new countermeasure for their patrons to employ on behalf of preserving business as usual .
Meanwhile , the same corporate libertarian think tanks using Richard Dawkins ' theories of evolution to falsely justify the chaotic logic of capitalism through their white papers also advise politicians how to exploit the beliefs of fundamentalist Christian creationists in order to garner public support for self - sufficiency as a state of personal grace , and to galvanize suspicion of a welfare state .
This is cynical at best .
It does n't take a genius or a scientist to understand how the rules of the economic game as it is currently played reflect neither human values nor the laws of physics .
The market cannot expand infinitely like the redshifts in Hubble 's universe .
How many other species attempt to store up enough fat during their productive years so that they can simply " retire " on their horded resources ?
How could a metric like the GNP accurately reflect the health of the real economy when toxic spills and disease epidemics alike actually count as short - term booms ?
The Internet may be very much like a rhizome , but it is still energized by a currency that is anything but a neutral player .
Most Internet business enthusiasts applaud Google 's efforts to build open systems the same way their predecessors applauded the World Bank 's gift of open markets to developing nations around the world — utterly unaware of ( or unwilling to look at ) what exactly we are opening our world to .
The net ( whether we 're talking Web 2.0 , Wikipedia , social networks or laptops ) offers people the opportunity to build economies based on different rules — commerce that exists outside the economic map we have mistaken for the territory of human interaction .
We can startup and even scale companies with little or no money , making the banks and investment capital on which business once depended obsolete .
That 's the real reason for the so - called economic crisis : there is less of a market for the debt on which the top - heavy game is based .
We can develop local and complementary currencies , barter networks , and other exchange systems independently of a central bank , and carry out secure transactions with our cell phones .
In doing so , we become capable of imagining a marketplace based in something other than scarcity — a requirement if we 're ever going to find a way to employ an abundant energy supply .
It 's not that we do n't have the technological means to source renewable energy ; it 's that we do n't have a market concept capable of contending with abundance .
As Buckminster Fuller would remind us : these are not problems of nature , they are problems of design .
If science can take on God , it should not fear the market .
Both are , after all , creations of man .
We must stop perpetuating the fiction that existence itself is dictated by the immutable laws of economics .
These so - called laws are , in actuality , the economic mechanisms of 13th Century monarchs .
Some of us analyzing digital culture and its impact on business must reveal economics as the artificial construction it really is .
Although it may be subjected to the scientific method and mathematical scrutiny , it is not a natural science ; it is game theory , with a set of underlying assumptions that have little to do with anything resembling genetics , neurology , evolution , or natural systems .
The scientific tradition exposed the unpopular astronomical fact that the earth was not at the center of the universe .
This stance challenged the social order , and its proponents were met with less than a welcoming reception .
Today , science has a similar opportunity : to expose the fallacies underlying our economic model instead of producing short - term strategies for mitigating the effects of inventions and discoveries that threaten this inherited market hallucination .
The economic model has broken , for good .
It 's time to stop pretending it describes our world .
By Sudeep Chand
Health reporter , BBC News
A UK survey has revealed that myths about contraception may be widespread .
One in five women said they had heard of kitchen items , including bread , cling film and even chicken skin , being used as alternative barrier methods .
Others had heard food items such as kebabs , Coca - cola or crisps could be used as oral contraceptives .
The survey questioned 1,000 women aged 18 to 50 and was carried out by market research company Opinion Health , sponsored by Bayer Schering Pharma .
MYTHS THAT STILL EXIST Chicken skin and cling film as barrier methods Kebabs , crisps and chocolate as oral contraceptives
The pill as protection against HIV Source : Bayer Schering Pharma Contraceptive myths have been around for thousands of years .
Ancient methods have varied from crocodile dung and honey before sex , to sea sponges and beeswax after .
Perhaps the most intoxicating was alcohol made from stewed beaver 's testicles .
However , it seems that a variety of unsafe and unproven methods might still exist in modern Britain .
Dr Annie Evans , Women 's Health Specialist at the Bristol Sexual Health Centre , said : " It is not surprising , given that Britain continues to have the highest unintended pregnancy rate in Europe . "
Alarming
Other myths surround the use of oral contraceptive pills .
One in 10 of the women questioned believed that it always takes a number of years to regain fertility after discontinuation of the pill .
Others believed that the pill could protect them against HIV .
Professor Steve Field , Chairman of the Royal College of General Practitioners , commented : " This is alarming but not surprising .
" I 've had complications with patients over the years that have concerned me .
" The more we can put appropriate information to the public about the availability of different methods of contraception , about their advantages and disadvantages , the better .
" It is important that access to advice is made as easily as possible for all ages . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There are some pretty amazing buildings being constructed around the world ; some of them absolutely defy conventional human civil engineering wisdom and others challenge the laws of gravity .
Every year seems to take the bar higher ; pioneers of material sciences , civil engineering , landscaping , interior designing are taking design and architecture to a whole new level with unbelievably futuristic spaces for work , living and play .
Here ’s your introduction to some of them .
Meanwhile be sure to check Top 20 Tallest Buildings in The World .
Jeddah Tower ( Kingdom tower ) , Jeddah , Saudi Arabia
To be built to 1007 metres , the Jeddah Tower is set to be the first building on the plant to breach the kilometre mark !
It will have more than 200 floors with the world ’s highest observation deck on the 157 th floor ( 26 floors have already been built up ) .
It will house office space , luxury condos , a Four Seasons hotel and an observatory and is slated for completion in 2019 .
It has 12 escalators and 59 elevators with 5 of the elevators being double - decker .
The architectural style being used for the building is extremely unique featuring an aerodynamic 3 - sided design to tackle wind - speeds and gravity .
The tapering shape of the building also helps to maximize rentable and usable area .
The core of the building is narrow at the top and large at the bottom of the building .
The exterior walls are made of low - conductivity glass to reduce cooling loads .
When complete , this project would be all set to take over from the Burj Khalifa as the defining tower in the Gulf .
Dubai Pearl , Dubai
Make no mistake about it ; the Dubai Pearl is not your average high - rise .
With 73 stories in 4 towers rising to 300 m , it ’s a unique , mixed - use development with premium offices , residences , dining , retail , leisure and entertainment .
Overlooking the Palm Jumeirah Island in the Dubai Technology and Media Zone , the Dubai Pearl is designed to provide residences for 29,000 people .
There is a sky - bridge at the top connecting the 4 towers .
The Dubai pearl sets new benchmarks in the Gulf for LEED - certified skyscrapers with 56 % green space .
It has features perfectly proportioned spaces with 51 % space for branded residences , 12 % for commercial space , 19 % for retail and leisure and 18 % for hospitality .
This is one skyscraper with a difference for sure !
Agora Garden Tower , Taipei
The Agora Garden Tower is a 20 - story luxury building that is eco-friendly in every sense imaginable with gardens on each floor .
But wait , we have n’t even got to the piece de resistance – the brilliant design by Vincente Callebaut Architecte .
Inspired by the double - helix shape of DNA , we are sure you would have seen nothing like it anywhere else .
A shape that is twisting from bottom to top , the awe - inspiring design of this building makes jaws regularly drop in amazement , the building seemingly appearing to rotate 90 degrees along its profile as you move from bottom to top .
The building is designed to be fully self - sufficient for energy with a couple of giant photovoltaic shades fitted at the top of the building .
All the construction will be out of recycled and recyclable materials .
The Agora Garden is setting new standards for brilliant design .
Dawang Mountain Resort , Changsha , China
Want never before seen design ?
How about resort built above an old rock quarry with a 200 feet waterfall rushing down ?
This project built to span two cliffs , combines an indoor ski slope , a water park and an ice world with a hotel , restaurants and shopping .
Istanbul New Airport
Istanbul is one of the biggest aviation hubs in a geographic region spreading across Europe , North Africa and the Middle East .
The new Istanbul airport is projected to handle 150 million passengers every year and is set have a number of firsts .
Located 22 miles from Istanbul on the Black sea coast , the airport will have 6 runways and is expected to serve 90 million passengers in a year when completed in 2028 .
Its duty - free area is set to be the biggest in the world at 53,000 square metres and more than 400 luxury brands under one roof ;
When the Phase1a of construction ends in 2018 , the airport will have the largest terminal in the world ( under one roof ) with a floor area of almost 11 million square feet ;
It will also have Europe ’s largest car park with 24,000 spaces along with a unique , tulip - shaped ATC tower .
Terminal 1 is currently under construction and the use of a slatted , blue - reflecting roof and a vaulted ceiling combine to create a very exciting space inside Terminal 1 .
When complete , there is no doubt whatsoever it will be the number one airport in the world in every sense of the word .
Dubai One Tower
Next in the line of super - tall buildings being built in the Gulf , the Dubai One Tower will be the tallest residential tower in the world at 711 metres , when completed .
To house 78000 residents , the tower will have 885 apartments , an indoor ski slope ( you saw that right ) and a marina .
It will also have a hotel and a shopping centre inside .
The indoor ski resort will be largest in the world with an unbelievable 1.2 km slope , believe it or not .
The other funky part of the design is that the roof over the restaurants and cafes will be retractable for the cooler winter months .
Dubai
One will be the next trendsetter for residential high - rise buildings in the Gulf .
Forest City , Johor , Malaysia
Forest City is one of the biggest land reclamation projects in the world , seeking to build 4 new islands from 1400 hectares of reclaimed land in a bay between Malaysia and Singapore .
The project is being executed by Country Garden Pacific View and is projected to house up to 700,000 residents after about 20 years of construction .
Forest City is a work - live - play integrated zone designed to support about 220,000 jobs in finance , technology and bio-technology .
The architectural plan for Forest City calls for the building of a green city with rainwater and storm - water harvesting , solar power , vertical growth and dense foliage .
In additional to large park areas , mangrove swamps and a green corridor , an innovative design for a rooftop network of parks and gardens is also planned for ( all of which would be interconnected ) .
The Forest City is one development which exemplifies the advancement of sustainable building tech like no other .
Eko Atlantic City , Lagos , Nigeria
Eko Atlantic
City is a pioneering development with the use of reclaimed land following in the steps of the likes of the Jumeirah .
It seeks to build a new city off the coast of Lagos on 10 million square metres of reclamation .
It will be a high - end live - work - play space with marinas and 250,000 units of prime housing when complete .
The business district will be a landmark in itself and aspired to be the financial headquarters for Nigeria .
The Eko Atlantic City is pioneering in the area of development in flood - prone regions in a time of global warming and rising sea levels .
Believe it or now , there is an 8.5 km long wall being built around the development specifically to protect it from erosion and flooding .
It is designed green in terms of water treatment and for low carbon footprints by the use of locally sourced material and environment friendly design .
The Eko Atlantic city shows the way to the future in terms of the kind of development and design that would need to happen in coastal areas facing the threat of rising sea-levels .
Millennium Village , Tangerang , Indonesia
Millenium Village is a global smart city being promoted in Tangerang off the Jakarta - Merak Toll road .
The singular selling point of this development is that office space is located across not one but three high - rises – the 75 - story Gateway Tower , the 75 - story Super Tower and the 100 - story Iconic tower .
The Iconic tower is truly an iconic building which will be the tallest building in Indonesia when complete .
With colleges , hotels , an art district , a convention center , fine dining , a club , an art museum , a 470,000 square metre mall and a health city , the Millenium Village is truly a Millenium city , not just in name .
With 125 hectares of green space set apart within 600 hectares of floor area , green living aspects are well taken care of .
Not just that , the Millenium Sky Park sprawls across hold your breath , 25 hectares ( yes , you read that right ! ) of gardens right in the middle of the city .
The blend of high - rise living with green development is the hallmark of this project .
Khazar Islands project , Azerbaijan
The Khazar Islands project is a mega venture being developed on 41 artificial islands 25 kms from Baku , Azerbaijan in the Caspian Sea ( the furthest island is located 7 kms from shore ) .
Development is planned to occur over 2000 hectares with high - rises in several islands and a truly audacious plan to have bridges to connect built - up areas .
Once complete , the Khazar Islands are set to be the emblem of Azerbaijan ’s development with the centrepiece of the project being the world ’s tallest tower ( at that time ) – The Azerbaijan Tower .
When completed , the islands are expected to feature eight hotels , a yacht club and amazing enough , even a Formula 1 racetrack and an airport !
This development will be a trendsetter in the area of development on reclaimed land .
Saturday , September 5 , 2009
Escorts : 17
Protesters : approxametly 80
Cops : 1
This past Saturday was
Off .
The Fucking .
Hook .
We had several cars full of male presenting people from out of state who , mostly prayed across the street in front of Subway , but several of them were chasing with the regular crew .
We met a new chaser who informed us she is 37 weeks pregnant and is having a boy .
Congratulations on a welcomed , happy , healthy pregnancy .
I hope you do n’t bring your child to the clinic and dangle it in front of clients walking backwards down the sidewalk like your cohort .
But there was one crazy that took the cake .
In fact , I will venture to say that the level of inappropriate public behavior we saw this week has not ever been seen here in Louisville .
Observe video A , please keep an eye on the guy in the yellow shirt .
But it was after most of the protesters and escorts had gone home that his truly unhinged , fucked up view of the world showed itself .
Here are two accounts of what happened from Escorts D and L who witnessed the majority of the incident .
Escort D wrote :
I was involved in the White Castle / bathroom incident from the beginning .
I saw the young woman , a client ’s support person , leave the clinic and listened as L engaged her and asked if she wanted an escort .
The young woman simply said she wanted to get out and take a walk , get some air .
I suppose she was a bit bored in the clinic waiting room .
She really did n’t need anyone to accompany her , but then ‘ idjit , loud - mouth , newbie , yellow shirt ’ started tagging along and harassing her .
I caught up with them just to keep an eye on things and hopefully help to de-escalate .
But , ‘ idjit , loud - mouth , newbie , yellow shirt ’ , just did n’t get it and seemed to take this as a challenge .
He hung on the whole way right to the door of White Castle , and after the young woman entered , said “ I think I ’ll go in and buy a coffee . ”
Well , this had become a ridiculous situation by this time and I just stepped in front of him and blocked the door of White Castle and told him to give the girl a break and leave her alone .
That ’s when he started yelling for the cop to say that I was blocking his entrance to a public place .
L had followed the woman in , and soon popped out to say that it was ok , she had gone into the bathroom .
So , I stepped away , and ‘ idjit , loud - mouth , newbie , yellow shirt ’ went in the restaurant .
( Does White Castle actually qualify as a “ restaurant ? )
He was at a bit of a loss for a few minutes , but then went up to the bathroom door and continued his harassment through the door .
He did this maybe two or three times .
Then , he eventually , actually went to the counter to buy some coffee .
I guess that ’s because he knew I was watching , and as a Christian , he could n’t allow himself to be caught up in a lie .
While he was putting cream and sugar in his coffee , the woman came out of the bathroom , and L accompanied her out the side door .
‘ Idjit , loud - mouth , newbie , yellow shirt ’ actually stayed at the counter to finish decorating his coffee , and L and I were able to get the woman back to the clinic , but not without further harassment from other idjit newbies { these are the above mentioned male presenting people who came in several cars with out of state plates .
There is speculation they are all from Louisville ’s own Southern Baptist Seminary , but this is completely unsubstantiated ; though several of our most prominent protesters are confirmed SBS student} .
And here is the other account {please note ‘ idjit , loud - mouth , newbie , yellow shirt ’ and Larry David are the same person , but since he is new and we do n’t know his name yet we are making it up}
Escort L wrote :
The companion , let ’s call her Brave Girl , because that is what she was , had come out earlier when I was on the corner of 1st and Market .
She had expressed an interest in walking around then .
I told her about Starbucks , but she figured White Castle was close enough and went in there .
When she came out again , I spoke with here again , and she stated that she wanted to walk around for while .
Then Larry David came prancing up and going on and on about how she should n’t kill her baby .
Then D joined us , and we were able to flank her on both sides .
I kept moving further away from her to keep Larry David away .
So after he figured that out , he was pushing on me really hard .
I held my ground , so he started whining about how I was pushing on him .
I laughed at him and told him I was walking in a straight line .
But he kept on with being a tool .
After we crossed Market and were standing in front of the CPC , I was really upset , so I turned and screamed in his face , “ She ’s not even pregnant , you stupid fucking fuck ! . ”
Brave Girl told me that she really liked me after that .
Larry David continued to natter on about her non-existent baby .
When we got to White Castle , Brave Girl said she was just going to go on in rather than try to take a walk .
D stopped Larry David ( in a very calm and rational way ) .
LD started screeching for the cop , whining about how D would n’t let him into a public building .
I went inside to look for Brave Girl ; she was in the bathroom .
I went into the bathroom and told her that LD was coming in and that I would stay and let her know when he was gone .
She thanked me and I went to the front to let D know .
LD came in and went to the bathroom door and started tapping on it and hollering through the door .
I think that if we had n’t been there , he would have pushed the door open .
I went to the counter and told them , “ Some crazy guy is trying to go into the women ’s bathroom . ”
This happened 3 - 4 times .
Every time the manager came out , LD wandered off .
He finally got coffee after the 2nd or 3rd time he went to the bathroom door .
I guess Brave Girl did n’t want to spend the day in the bathroom , so she came out while LD was fixing up his coffee .
We went out the side door and headed back to the clinic .
We got about half a block , when LD came running up behind us and started his crap again .
D and I got her back into the clinic .
I told her that hopefully they would be gone in 1/2 and hour and she could go for a walk then .
After it was over , I was shaking .
I got the impression that the other protesters were n’t bothered by it .
Just like they secretly admire the assholes that shoot clinic doctors , they were impressed with LD .
About half way back to the clinic , after all of the hoopla in White Castle , I joined the two escorts walking Brave Girl back to the clinic .
I got in between D escort and Larry David and began trying to engage him , hoping he would start talking to me and stop yelling at her .
It sort of worked and it was not until I got really close to him and caught his eye that he finally heard us telling him that she was not pregnant and began telling her she should tell her friend to come out of the clinic .
After Brave Girl was in the clinic , I lost my temper like I have never done .
I rounded on that ass - hole screaming about his inappropriate behavior .
I was telling ( screaming ) him that that following / trapping female presenting people into bathrooms is what sexual predators do .
I rambled on about rape culture and autonomy for several minutes before I just could not manage to look at him for another moment and stamped off still furious .
Across the street in the parking lot were three protesters , they guy on the soap box , the guy who claims his mother tried to abort him 8 times and he survived ( I am not exaggerating , this is how he introduced himself to several of the escorts ) and one of the more annoying female presenting chasers .
And I lost it on them too , asking ( screaming ) if they condoned such horrible behavior , and the answer was yes .
The annoying girlish one responded that she was n’t in the bathroom with the support person and did n’t know what had happened , BUT that she knew someone who had had an abortion and it destroyed her , thus justifying any behavior that would prevent abortion from happening .
When I posited ( screaming ) that preacher dude could never know what it was like to be a woman chased down the street and trapped in a bathroom he said “ Yes I do ” and “ you do n’t know what it is like to be a baby being aborted ” .
At that point I realized my mistake , I tried to reason ( angry yelled reason ) with them , but these people have no concept of compassion .
They do n’t care about people .
They are only interested in perpetuating their own ideals of women ’s places in society , and it drives them crazy that we might claim our own efficacy , challenging their notions of gender roles .
For years I had very strict rules for myself , refusing to have any verbal interactions with protesters .
And over the years , I gradually relaxed this boundary feeling as though there might be benefits to engaging with them , we certainly have escorts who can really humanize themselves and our clients to the protesters .
Engagement is a powerful tool to distract antis , while slipping clients past unnoticed .
But I am not the one .
They make me too angry .
All I want to do is make them feel as uncomfortable as they make our clients feel , but in the end it hurts me , and makes me less effective as an empowering force for clients .
And really how do you explain rape culture to some fucked up dude who thinks it ’s ok to chase female presenting people into bathrooms ?
It has taken me all week to write this because every time I sat down at the computer I began to shake with rage , or cry with frustration .
And even now I can’t really get into the kind of analysis of how rape culture effects the milieu on the sidewalk in front of the clinic in the way that I want .
But give me a week or two and I will get all my thoughts compiled and organized .
This is an important concept that needs to be addressed .
The way we approach people ’s autonomy directly affects the kinds of interactions we have with the world around us .
And I , for one , am not willing to allow others to hold onto the notion that my personal space is any less deserving of respect than theirs ; regardless of one ’s opinion of my choices .
And no matter how much you may disagree with me it is not up to you .
SO BACK THE FUCK UP .
A super - bright star is gradually going dim , and scientists want YOU to help them find out why .
For nearly 200 years , astronomers have been wondering why the star epsilon Aurigae turns down its light once every 27 years .
Based on careful observations of the star 's periodic dimming , scientists believe that the supergiant star must have a mysterious companion that blocks its light periodically .
But they still do n't know what that companion is .
Epsilon Aurigae 's next dip in brightness starts this fall , and telescope technology has come a long way since the star 's last eclipse in 1982 - 84 .
This time , astronomers are also hoping they 'll have the help of thousands of extra eyes : Starting today , a collaborative project called Citizen Sky is asking amateur astronomers to help solve the mystery of epsilon Aurigae .
" The star is too bright to be observed with the vast majority of professional telescopes , " astronomer Arne Henden of the American Association of Variable Star Observers said in a press release , " so this is another area where public help is needed . "
Because the star is so bright , even the most basic equipment — including the naked eye — can provide useful data .
Normally the star can be seen from fall to spring in the Northern Hemisphere , even in urban areas with lots of light pollution .
But beginning this fall , epsilon Aurigae is expected to gradually dim until it has lost half its light by early winter .
The star will be dim during all of 2010 and then bounce back to its usual brightness by summer 2011 .
Citizen
Sky participants are being asked not just to collect data on the star 's brightness , but also to join in on other aspects of the scientific process .
A three - year grant from the National Science Foundation will provide funds to recruit and train a team of citizen scientists , who will be taught to analyze data , create and test their own hypotheses and even to write up their results .
Scientists are hoping observations of this year 's eclipse will identify the star 's curious companion , as as well resolve the mystery of a second perplexing object that appears to be headed for the star .
" To make things even more fun , we also have some evidence of a substantial mass , perhaps a large planet , spiraling into the mysterious dark companion object , " astronomer Robert Stencel of Denver University said in a press release .
" Observations during the upcoming eclipse will be key to understanding this and predicting what will happen if the putative planet does eventually fall into the star . "
To learn more , watch the video below ( complete with Lite Brite illustrations ! ) or visit www.citizensky.org to find out how you can get involved .
Image : Artist 's rendering of epsilon Aurigae by Brian Thieme/www.citizensky.org
Video : www.citizensky.org
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
When you can't get any states to participate in your flawed National ID scheme , what do you do ?
If you 're the U.S. government , you change its name and try again .
With the death of the REAL ID
Act comes a replacement bill that poses many of the same threats , including what the Campaign for Liberty refers to as a federal grab for personal information .
Now the act has been renamed and referred to as an enhanced or higher security driver 's license .
In reality , however , the only way to resolve the problem is to repeal it , not rename it .
( Source : campaignforliberty.com )
After 9/11 , the government began more pervasive surveillance on American citizens , despite the fact that the increased governmental intrusions have done little to keep its citizens safer .
To the contrary , one could argue that only thing being done is the taking away of rights and freedoms .
REAL ID Called for Centrally - Coordinated Database
When Congress was considering the REAL ID Act in 2005 , it would have called for a massive , centrally - coordinated database containing highly personal information , including name , date of birth , place of residence , Social Security number and physical characteristics , as well as the ability for the feds to demand more information at any time .
( Source : campaignforliberty.com )
REAL ID would have granted open - ended authority allowing the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) to require biometric information on IDs in the future , meaning your driver 's license could contain a retina scan , fingerprints , DNA information or radio frequency technology .
As noted by the Campaign for Liberty , REAL ID remains a threat , and in order to understand what the feds may try next , it 's important to understand how REAL ID was sold , how it was expanded , and why it remains a threat .
( Source : campaignforliberty.com )
REAL ID Could Give Gov't More Control
REAL ID was promoted by the government as being necessary to make Americans safe .
In reality , national ID cards would give the government more control over Americans : making it easier to track everyone 's movements .
The REAL ID Act also greatly expanded the definition of terrorism .
It redefined terrorism in broad new terms to include members of firearms rights and anti-abortion groups as well as any other group as determined by whichever party is in power at the time .
Passage of such legislation would make it easier for the feds to exploit it and block citizens from traveling ( among other things ) , which has already been happening for the past eight and a half years .
( Source : cato- at- liberty.org )
Same Flawed Risks in the REAL ID Act
Now the DHS is trying to urge Congress to enact the PASS Act ( Providing for Additional Security in States ' Identification Act of 2009 ) .
The PASS Act has many of the same flawed risks as the REAL ID Act , including the requirement that drivers ' licenses contain RFID ( Radio Frequency Identification ) chips with unique numbers for each individual .
Congress is still up to its old tricks .
Recently H.R. 3174 ( the Photo Identification Security Act ) was introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives , providing that only certain forms of identification of individuals may be acceptable by the federal government and by financial institutions .
In this author 's opinion , there is n't a single valid reason to pass the REAL ID Act , the PASS Act , or the Photo Identification Security Act .
Visit Bill 's Links and More for more great tips , just like this one !
China has launched Venezuelan ’s first satellite , Simon Bolivar ( or VENESAT - 1 – the UN official designation ) , Wednesday .
Simon Bolivar was orbited by a CZ - 3B Chang Zheng - 3B ( CZ3B - 11 ) launch vehicle , which launched from the Xichang Satellite Launch Center in Sichuan Province at 16:53 UTC .
Developed on the template of the CZ - 3A Chang Zheng - 3A , the CZ - 3B Chang Zheng - 3B is the most powerful launch vehicle on the Chinese space launch fleet .
The CZ - 3B features enlarged launch propellant tanks , better computer systems , a larger 4.2 meter diameter payload fairing , and the addition of four strap - on boosters in the core stage that give an additional help during the first phase of the launch .
The rocket is capable of launching a 11,200 kg satellite to a low Earth orbit or a 5,100 kg cargo to a geosynchronous transfer orbit .
The rocket has a total length of 54/84 meters and a core diameter of 3.35 meters .
The first launch of the CZ - 3B took place on February 14 , 1996 , but ended in failure that is now known has the “ S. Valentine ’s Day Massacre ” – when the first CZ - 3B failed two seconds after lift - off and crashed in a near by village killing dozens of people .
Simon Bolivars launch was the 11th use of the CZ - 3B , the seventh successful orbital launch for China this year and the 112th successful orbital launch overall .
The satellite is based on the DFH - 4 bus and is the first time that China has launched a satellite for Latin America .
The agreement for the development , construction and launch of Simon Bolivar was signed on November 1 , 2005 – for what was originally a launch date target of July 2008 .
The development of Simon Bolivar has been classed as “ of strategic and historical importance for Venezuela and China ” , according the words of the country ’s leader Hugo Chavez .
Venezuela had an equal role in the development of the satellite , which will be used for government and military communications – it will also to give remote areas of Venezuela access to telephone communications , fax , videoconferencing , high speed Internet , radio , tele - medicine and tele - education .
According to the Science and Technology Minister , Nuris Orihuela , the total cost of the project is 241 million dollars , plus 165 millions dollars for the construction of two control stations in Bolivia and Guárico ( Venezuela ) .
The agreement for the launch of the Venezuelan satellite also involved a technology transfer between the two countries .
Under this deal , 90 Venezuelan specialists have worked on the satellite – with the first 30 arriving in China on March 2 , 2007 .
These engineers acquired basic knowledge at the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics , and also received professional satellite engineering training , together with the second group of technicians that arrived later that month .
Venezuela also bought military technology from China , and the two countries have made various agreements in the oil industry .
The satellite itself will also be used by Uruguay , which is allowing use of its geostationary orbital position at 78 degrees E above Ecuador by Venezuela .
Simon Bolivar has a launch mass of 3,100 kg , with solar panels that have a 12.1 meters span .
The satellite is equipped with 12 C - band transponders ( radio and TV signal ) , 14 Ku-band ( data and high speed Internet ) and Ka-band ( future digital TV signal ) .
The satellite will be operational for 15 years .
Xichang Satellite Launch Centre is situated in the Sichuan Province , south - western China and is the country ’s launch site for geosynchronous orbital launches .
Equipped with two launch pads ( LC2 and LC3 ) , the centre has a dedicated railway and highway lead directly to the launch site .
The Command and Control Centre is located seven kilometres south - west of the launch pad , providing flight and safety control during launch rehearsal and launch .
Other facilities on the Xichang Satellite Launch Centre are the Launch Control Centre , propellant fuelling systems , communications systems for launch command , telephone and data communications for users , and support equipment for meteorological monitoring and forecasting .
The first launch from Xichang took place at 12:25UTC on January 29 , 1984 , when the CZ - 3 Chang Zheng - 3 ( CZ3 - 1 ) was launched to orbit the Shiyan Weixing ( 14670 1984-008A ) communications satellite .
Simon Bolivars launch was the 48th successful orbital launch from Xichang .
Stephen Crowley / The New York Times
So that ’s it for the Senate Finance Committee debate on the public option , which ran almost six hours , with a 45 - minute break for lunch .
The fact that the Schumer amendment picked up two Democratic votes should be a reassuring sign for supporters of a “ public option ” — a government - run insurance plan — even though liberals view the Schumer amendment as a weaker version than the Rockefeller proposal .
But Tuesday afternoon ’s votes highlight the tough fight ahead with conservative Democrats like Kent Conrad of North Dakota and Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas , who held out against the Schumer proposal .
The question now is whether the support shown today by at least some Democrats for the public option will be enough to persuade Senator Harry Reid of Nevada , the Democratic leader , to include it when he reconciles the Finance Committee bill with one from the more liberal health committee — which does include a public option .
That will be the big debate going on behind the scenes as the Finance Committee barrels through hundreds of additional amendments with the goal of wrapping up its bill by the end of the week .
Supporters of the public option hope that even if they cannot persuade Mr. Reid to include the measure in the combined bill , they have established enough momentum to bring it up on the Senate floor .
Watch for the pressure on wavering Democrats from interest groups , like unions , to only increase .
The Schumer amendment picked up two Democratic votes over the Rockefeller amendment , winning over Bill Nelson of Florida and Thomas R. Carper of Delaware .
But the bill still went down to defeat , with 10 in favor and 13 against .
Again , no Republicans supported it .
In wrapping up the presentation of his amendment , Mr. Schumer addresses some of the criticisms from Republicans .
He asks , for example , if the state insurance commissioners are doing such a good job , why are premiums “ going through the roof ? ”
Mr. Schumer also tries to explain to people who already have insurance why the country needs a public option .
Medicare is going broke in seven years , he says , and then what ?
The costs in private insurance are going up even higher than Medicare .
For those whose employers pay for their insurance , Mr. Schumer said , their bosses will call them in , in three years or five years , and say they ca n’t afford to pay for their health care anymore .
“ The costs are going through the roof , and we have to try the two or three tools at our disposal , ” which include fixing costs , setting up exchanges and a public option .
He concedes he does n’t have the 60 votes needed , but says he expects to get there .
In support of the Schumer amendment , Senator Cantwell , Democrat of Washington , says that without competition in the marketplace , “ we are buying into an exorbitant increase in insurance premiums . ”
Senator Baucus , the committee chairman , says he likes the Schumer amendment more than he liked the Rockefeller amendment but notes again that he does n’t see how it could win 60 votes on the Senate floor and so is constrained to vote against it .
Senator Kyl , Republican of Arizona , says the public option is “ a solution in search of a problem . ”
Senator Bunning , Republican of Kentucky , is back on Medicare .
He says it is “ a good thing ” but it is “ failing the American people . ”
He adds : “ The private sector is not doing exactly what it should do with medical services , but it can . ”
He says the bill as written , without a public option , “ tries to help it out . ”
But he stops short of saying he would support the Baucus bill .
Senator John Ensign , Republican of Nevada , does n’t even like the idea of the government competing with the private sector .
This is a tremendous expansion of the federal government , he says .
The private sector can come up with solutions to control costs , he says .
My colleague , David Herszenhorn , who is also covering the Finance Committee proceedings , has just put up a Prescriptions post examining some of the differences between the Rockefeller and Schumer amendments , and their approaches to a government - run public insurance option .
Read it here .
Senator Charles E. Grassley , Republican of Iowa , says he will vote against Mr. Schumer ’s amendment ( surprise ! ) , although he prefers it to the Rockefeller amendment .
He says it is “ impossible ” to create a level playing field between the private system and the government .
Besides , Mr. Grassley said , when Medicare passed in the 1960s , various promises were made — such as that Medicare would pay “ reasonable ” rates — and those promises were broken .
When this public option starts costing too much , Mr. Grassley asks , “ will Congress start breaking its promises again ? ”
( He said that the government could set the rates and use its influence to lower costs and says this is also known as “ price - fixing . ” )
Senator Kent Conrad says he sees the Schumer proposal as a “ significant threat ” to hospitals in his state because North Dakota already has the second - lowest reimbursement rates in the country .
But Mr. Conrad says he likes the idea that Mr. Schumer is proposing a not - for - profit competitor .
Still , he is concerned about the government ’s running it .
He seems still to prefer his own idea of co-ops , but he says the Schumer amendment could get at least close to 60 votes .
No sooner had Mr. Schumer finished than Senator Bill Nelson of Florida , who opposed the Rockefeller amendment , announced he would support the Schumer amendment .
This is an early indication that the day ’s strategy — of first offering the more robust public option from Mr. Rockefeller — may have some success .
Some Democrats need political cover to vote for the Schumer amendment by having voted against the more liberal Rockefeller amendment .
Mr. Schumer immediately begins explaining his amendment , with no nod to the vote .
He says his plan would create a level - playing field by forcing the government plan to negotiate its rates .
He adds : “ There will not be another federal infusion of federal dollars if it does not make it the first time around . ”
“ We are going to keep at this and at this and at this until we succeed , because we believe in it so strongly , ” Mr. Schumer says .
He says the vote on his amendment will show that there is support in the Senate for the public option .
He says he understands Mr. Baucus ’s opposition and appreciates that there might not be 60 votes now , but he expects that as the debate goes on , the public option will attract more support .
The Rockefeller amendment is voted down , despite Mr. Rockefeller ’s declaration , “ The public option is on the march . ”
The final tally was 8 in favor , 15 against .
The amendment drew no Republican support .
Democrats voting against the amendment were Mr. Conrad , Ms. Lincoln , Bill Nelson of Florida and Thomas Carper of Delaware .
Supporting the public option were the Democratic Senators Rockefeller , Bingaman , Kerry , Wyden , Schumer , Stabenow , Cantwell and Menendez .
Senator Rockefeller , whose amendment on behalf of a public option is about to come up for a vote by the Finance Committee , says that his constituents in West Virginia feel “ out in the cold ” from the insurance companies .
“ It ’s not a fair system , ” he said .
“ It ’s a one - side system and people are on the short end of the stick ” while insurance companies reap the profits .
He says he does n’t like the view of some who say that we need a bill , regardless of what it says — adding that he is n’t necessarily talking about President Obama .
Before Senator Rockefeller wraps up , Senator Baucus tries to sound conciliatory .
“ I can count , ” he says , adding that no one has shown him how a public option could win 60 votes in the Senate , so he plans to vote against the amendment .
He also notes that Rome was n’t built in a day .
This bill is by no means a complete rewriting of the American health care system , Mr. Baucus says , but we need to start laying the foundation .
He says a vote for the public option will jeopardize that foundation .
Despite what Mr. Kerry has just said , Senator John Cornyn , Republican of Texas , goes ahead and calls the public option an entitlement anyway .
He continues the Republican attack on Medicare and repeats the notion that a public plan will take away choices , not add to them .
Senator John Kerry , Democrat of Massachusetts , tries to draw a distinction between Medicare and the public option .
Medicare , like Medicaid , is an entitlement , he notes , while the public option is not .
That prompts him to ask what the Republicans are really afraid of .
Could it be competition ?
He holds up a chart , shown by other Democrats , indicating that in 10 states , 80 percent to 100 percent of the health insurance market is cornered by just two insurance companies .
What are we scared of , Mr. Kerry asks .
“ That Americans might like a competitive plan that is paying for itself ? ”
Mr. Baucus says the committee is “ getting close to a vote , ” but it has to hear from two more senators .
Senator Mike Crapo , Republican of Idaho , says a government - run plan would actually reduce competition because it would require “ excessive ” regulation and would pay at “ inadequate ” Medicare rates .
Like other Republicans , he is using this opportunity to draw attention to various problems with Medicare .
Senator Maria Cantwell , Democrat of Washington , speaks in favor of the public option .
But first , she slyly makes the point that if a state renders health care efficiently — a state , like , oh , say , North Dakota , home to Mr. Conrad , who opposes a public option — that state would be rewarded for its efficiency .
Mr. Conrad was just returning to his seat as she was finishing her point , so it is not clear whether her fellow Democrat caught her drift .
Senator Jim Bunning , Republican of Kentucky , is first up after the break .
He starts by pushing the idea that health insurance should be sold across state lines .
He says that would obviate the need for a public option , which he opposes .
Mr. Bunning also takes up a widespread populist argument — that all members of Congress should be under the same health care plan as everyone else .
“ If I heard one thing during August , ” he said , it was this : “ Why , Senator , are you not including yourself in what is being proposed ? ”
His response , he said , was , “ It ’s not my bill , but I ’ll try to make that change . ”
As for the public option , he called it a “ major step toward universal health care coverage . ”
With 40 grandchildren of his own , he said , he does not want the country to go in that direction .
The committee has gaveled back in from the lunch break …
The committee has recessed for lunch without taking any votes and will resume at 1:45 .
It is not clear when the first votes will come , but perhaps not for an hour or so after the senators come back from lunch .
We ’ll plan to resume our coverage , when the senators return …
Debbie Stabenow , Democrat of Michigan , strongly supports a public option .
She says one difficulty is that the United States has multiple systems : one for the armed forces and veterans that is wholly government - run ; Medicare , which is single - payer and government - run ; and one that is employer - based .
She calls the public option offered by Senators Rockefeller and Schumer “ the grand compromise ” that would give people more choice .
About 25 percent of Americans who do not have insurance today will probably choose the public option , according to the Congressional Budget Office , and that wo n’t bring down the system .
“ I do n’t know what all the fuss is about , ” she says , noting that the C.B.O. says it would save $ 50 billion for taxpayers over 10 years .
Senator Schumer cited the recent New York Times / CBS News
Poll a few minutes ago , saying 65 percent of the public supports a public insurance option .
But in fact , the Times survey found that the public endorses an even more expansive public option than the one under debate today in the Finance Committee .
As David M. Herszenhorn noted in a recent Prescriptions post , the Times / CBS poll asked : Would you favor or oppose the government offering everyone a government - administered health insurance plan — something like the Medicare coverage that people 65 and older get — that would compete with private insurance plans ?
Mr. Herszenhorn went on to say this :
The poll question was phrased generally so that it could be asked in repeated surveys over time regardless of any specific legislative proposal .
With the question asked that way , most respondents supported the idea , with 65 percent in favor , 26 percent opposed and 9 percent offering no position .
But in Congress , none of the legislative proposals that include the public option would make it available to everyone .
In fact , the public option , at least at the outset , would not be an option for most Americans , particularly those who already have health insurance .
Senator John Ensign , Republican of Nevada , asks :
If a public option is so popular , why do so many Democrats have a problem with it ?
The reason , he says , is that it is not popular .
“ Constituents are really afraid of it , ” he says .
“ Despite the massive propaganda that ’s been waged against ” a public option , Mr. Schumer says , 65 percent of people support it , according to a New York Times / CBS News Poll .
“ Take off the ideological blinders on both sides and let ’s see what works for people , ” he says .
He wants to give both public and private plans a chance to work , declaring himself “ agnostic . ”
Mr. Schumer is giving a tutorial in why there is so little competition in the insurance marketplace .
Along the way , he gives a nod to Senator Maria Cantwell , Democrat of Washington , whom he calls “ the unsung hero ” of the bill for her amendment on costs , which will be brought up later .
Senator Schumer takes the floor to make the broad case for a public option …
Several of our readers noted that in our first draft below we misidentified Senator Bill Nelson , Democrat of Florida , as “ Ben Nelson . ” Senator Ben Nelson , of course , is the Democrat from Nebraska .
We ’ve fixed it below , but appreciate the help .
Mr. Conrad says that “ we ’ve gotten locked in a really sterile debate ” that promotes either the status quo or the public option .
He says he has a good alternative , which would be to set up co-ops , although he does n’t spell out his proposal at this point .
He merely says that this alternative has been adopted in other countries , provides universal coverage and does “ a better job of controlling costs and have higher - quality outcomes than ours . ”
Senator Kent Conrad , Democrat of North Dakota , has already signaled his dislike of the public option , and now , in this hearing , he is making it clear that a public option offered by his fellow Democrats will not win his vote .
The problem with Mr. Rockefeller ’s proposal , he says , is that the reimbursement rates are tied to Medicare , which are lower than actual costs .
In fact , Mr. Conrad says , his home state has the second - lowest level of Medicare reimbursement in the country .
If North Dakota relied on Medicare levels of reimbursement , he said , “ every major hospital ” in his state would go broke .
“ I ca n’t possibly support an amendment that does that , ” he said .
Senator Robert Menendez , Democrat of New Jersey , is allowed to speak out of turn because he has a pressing engagement elsewhere .
He strongly backs Mr. Rockefeller ’s proposal and says if that fails , he ’s for Mr. Schumer ’s .
He makes pretty much the generic arguments on behalf of a public option , saying it will provide competition , will keep insurers “ honest ” and will drive down costs .
We ’ve posted a copy of the Rockefeller amendment , calling for a public insurance option .
See for yourself .
Mr. Grassley says if you want competition , “ you do n’t want the government ” running health care .
“ It ’s not a competitor , it ’s a predator . ”
He says Medicare is “ part of the social fabric of America , ” but “ there ’s a lot wrong with it and this bill helps correct it . ”
Senator Orrin G. Hatch , Republican of Utah , calls Mr. Rockefeller ’s amendment “ a Trojan horse ” for a single - payer system .
He adds : “ Medicare is on a path to a fiscal meltdown , ” underpaying doctors by 20 percent and hospitals by 30 percent , compared to private sector .
He says this is forcing providers to “ stop seeing our nation ’s seniors . ”
A lively three - way exchange , with Senator Bill Nelson , Democrat of Florida , entering the debate with Senators Schumer and Grassley .
He establishes that some states have virtually no competition in health insurance :
In Maine , one company dominates 88 percent of the market ; Montana , 85 percent ; Wyoming , 85 percent ; Arkansas , 81 percent .
“ That does n’t sound like a lot of competition to me , ” Mr. Nelson says .
Senator Schumer has returned to the hearing room in his shirt sleeves , looking ready for a fight .
He takes on Senator Grassley , asking him what he thinks of Medicare .
Mr. Grassley says elliptically that by saying he supports Medicare is not to say that it is perfect .
In opposition to Mr. Rockefeller ’s amendment , Senator Charles E. Grassley , Republican of Iowa , says “ it is a slow walk toward government - controlled , single - payer health care . ”
He says there are problems and shortcomings with the health - care system , but that should not provide an opportunity to “ denigrate American health care . ”
He says a government - run plan “ will ultimately force private insurers out of business , ” and that it may be a strategy to move over time to a single - payer system .
Winding up his argument , Mr. Rockefeller said a public option would rely on the free market , adding : “ Adam Smith would have cooked up this amendment if I had n’t . ”
He acknowledged that “ people are nervous ” about his amendment because “ it has the word public in it ” but it would provide genuine competition .
Of the insurance companies , he said , “ they ’re getting away with banditry and they revel in it . ”
Mr. Baucus said Mr. Rockefeller “ makes good points and I agree with the intent of the amendment , to hold the insurance industry ’s feet to the fire . ”
He said that “ without taking a strong position one way or another , ” he wanted to comment because “ you leave the impression the mark is easy on the insurance industry , and it is not . ”
He said , for example , that the bill requires insurance companies to sell insurance to everyone who needs it and to renew their premiums as long as someone was paying for and that it required greater transparency .
In his impassioned speech just now , railing against the evils of the private health insurance industry , Senator Rockefeller just suggested that his colleague , Senator Charles E. Schumer , Democrat of New York , as a former attorney general , might have prosecuted some of the companies for their untoward practices .
Mr. Schumer is an ally of Mr. Rockefeller in seeking to add a government - run insurance plan or public option to the big health care legislation .
But Mr. Schumer never served as attorney general .
He was a New York State assemblyman , a United States representative and now a senator .
But Schumer aides said that the revision of his résumé would not in any way diminish Mr. Schumer ’s support for Mr. Rockefeller ’s amendment .
— David M. Herszenhorn
Mr. Rockefeller has spent more than 40 minutes issuing broad indictments of private insurance companies , concluding , “ I think they ’re getting away with terrible things that , I do n’t know , if Chuck Schumer was attorney general , he ’d be criminally prosecuting them . ”
As it happened , Mr. Schumer was out of the room during that statement , so we have no response from him .
Senator Rockefeller says his amendment will save $ 50 billion and is practical and important .
( The Congressional Budget Office has come up with the same savings estimate . )
It is not a government takeover , he says .
It is optional , nobody has to do it , and he says perhaps only 5 percent of people who are already insured will leave their plans .
He notes that 70 percent of American people want a public option , as well as at least 70 percent of doctors .
We need this option because insurance companies have failed to meet their obligations and are profit - oriented , he says .
The committee is starting now to discuss the public option , opening with Senator Rockefeller ’s amendment .
Chairman Baucus has called the committee to order , on what is the fifth day of its hearings on its health care bill .
It has considered 60 amendments so far — that ’s about 10 percent of all amendments pending .
Mr. Baucus announced the schedule for the day and it looks like a long one — he said the committee would break for dinner between 5:45 p.m. and 7:15 p.m. and then return .
Sent at 10:15 AM on Tuesday
Hi everybody .
The Senate Finance Committee is filing into the hearing room and just about to get down to business .
Senator Rockefeller had a little pat on the back for Senator Schumer as they took their seats ; they ’ll be the focus today as the committee takes up the public option .
The Senate Finance Committee resumes debate this morning on the health care bill .
At the top of the agenda : a proposal for a government - run insurance plan — the so - called public option .
As proposed by the committee chairman , Senator Max Baucus of Montana , the bill does not include a public option .
But two Democratic senators , John D. Rockefeller IV of West Virginia and Charles E. Schumer of New York , intend to press the issue in separate amendments before the committee .
The prospects for passage there appear dim , but supporters hope they can build momentum by debating the issue now and holding a roll - call vote of committee members under the gaze of Democratic constituencies like labor unions , which strongly support the public option .
Supporters say a public option would drive down the cost of private insurance .
But the insurance industry opposes it , saying lower - priced competition from the government would put private insurance companies out of business .
The supporters plan to continue pushing when Democratic leaders reconcile the Finance Committee ’s bill with one from the more liberal Committee on Health , Education , Labor and Pensions , which already includes a public option , and when the resulting legislation goes to the Senate floor .
“ Just bringing up this issue in the Finance Committee has helped to revitalize the overall push for it , ” Brian Fallon , a spokesman for Mr. Schumer , said Monday .
“ Its chances only get better from here . ”
We ’ll join the committee session , live , in a few minutes .
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
So , kid , you ’re broke ?
Need to call home and ask for a big loan ?
Pray that Dad answers .
That ’s a key finding of a new CreditCards.com poll that , in these credit - crunched times , looked at the generosity and attitudes of many young folks ’ lenders of last resort — their parents .
The survey found that fathers tend to be a considerably softer touch than mothers when it comes to bailing kids out of big financial trouble .
Not that anyone — fathers , mothers , whatever — was particularly eager to be placed in that situation .
It ’s just not a good time for that sort of thing .
“ These tough , frightening , challenging economic times have forced most people into becoming more cautious and discriminating concerning any spending , ” said Barbara Udell , a family and individual therapist who holds degrees in social work and behavioral health education .
“ And most parents had hoped that they taught their children the value of money and how to handle it . ”
Still , 21 percent of men with children said they would give their kids more than $ 20,000 to pay off credit card bills and other debts , even if the dads had no expectation of ever getting paid back — though many would accompany their checks with objections and reprimands .
( “ For crying out loud , Junior , are you out of your mind ? ” )
Only 12 percent of mothers said they would write those kinds of checks for their chicks .
The gap broadens when parents expect to be repaid eventually .
( Uh -huh .
And the Cubs will win the World Series . )
In that case , 30 percent of the men would give their debt - laden kids $ 20,000 or more , but only 15 percent of women would do the same .
Why the disparity ?
“ Dads identify with the burden of debt if they are the main breadwinners , ” said Dr. Dotty Sasmor , a psychologist and family therapist in the Miami area .
“ Also , dads may identify with their own youthful debt behavior , especially if their dads bailed them out . ”
Oh , one other thing .
“ And possibly , ” Sasmor said , “ dads are just pushovers . ”
The scientific poll was conducted for CreditCards.com between Aug. 28 and 30 , 2009 , by GfK Roper .
Pollsters interviewed 1,004 women and men from various parts of the country through random - digit dialing .
( See poll methodology . )
Some wo n’t pay — period
Most of the respondents had children , but some did not , and — as one might expect — that sometimes influenced their responses .
Interestingly , a sizeable number of adults of both genders — with and without children — volunteered without prompting that they would n’t help at all if their real or theoretical children racked up debts .
Period .
Absolutely not .
No matter how much or how little was owed .
Women who do not have children ( and , hypothetically , were not expecting to be repaid ) were most likely to feel that way .
Twenty percent of those women said , in essence , “ no way , no how , ” compared with 13 percent of men in the same category .
Again , this is not easy to explain , but psychologists were not surprised .
“ This is more complicated , ” Sasmor said .
“ Some factors , like the ages of parents , the ages of children and the parents ’ own financial situation may play a role .
Given that , I think most women have very strong values about money — money representing safety , security , freedom , love , etc . ”
Udell put it more bluntly :
“ Experience , ” she said .
“ In these cases , they have been disappointed too many times by their children , who did not follow through on taking responsibility for their actions through the years . ”
Medical debt , yes .
But gambling …
Most parents , of course , did not adopt that absolutist view .
And other results of the poll strongly suggested that , in these difficult economic times , most American adults have a reasonably balanced and carefully nuanced set of standards when it comes to their children and their children ’s debts .
They are likely to help in some situations , but not in others .
So , here is the bottom line for the younger generation :
If you run into trouble with student loans , medical bills , your rent or mortgage payment or even your auto loan , give Mom and especially Dad a call .
They ’re probably willing to help , if you ’re willing to endure an earful .
But listen here , buster or darling , if you get over your head with gambling bills and maybe even your credit card bills , you are on your own .
The CreditCards.com poll found that nearly 66 percent of mothers and 61 percent of fathers would never help their kids with gambling debts .
Another 23 percent of mothers and 30 percent of fathers would “ somewhat object ” to helping kids come out from under gambling liabilities .
When it comes to credit card bills , 29 percent of mothers and nearly 26 percent of fathers would never help , and more than 42 percent of mothers and 51 percent of fathers would object somewhat to doing so .
It ’s an entirely different story when it comes to debts that seem more productive and socially acceptable .
Seventy percent of fathers and nearly 59 percent of mothers would have little objection to helping their children pay off student loans , a majority of both genders feels the same way about mortgage payments or rent , and a plurality of men and women would have little objection to helping with auto loans .
Obviously , parents are aware of the legitimate financial pressures confronting their children during this economic downturn .
“ This seems clearer to me as a question of values , ” Sasmor said .
“ Gambling and credit card debt are seen as irresponsible , while student loans , owning a home and a car are much more socially valued . ”
At the same time , another survey released last week concludes that many parents are worried about the money management skills of their children as they leave home .
Parents believe they are responsible for their children ’s financial education , but they do n’t feel confident that they are qualified to assist in that regard , according to a survey conducted for the Consumer Federation of America .
“ There is a capability gap , ” said Stephen Brobeck , executive director of the federation , which represents 280 consumer groups with a combined membership of 50 million people .
“ Nearly all parents feel responsible for the financial education of their children , but little more than half are very confident their kids will leave home knowing how to manage money , credit and debt , ” Brobeck said .
The problem is particularly acute when it comes to credit cards , some experts said .
“ When we look at credit cards and young people , we see particular problems , ” said Will deHoo , president of FoolProofMe.com , which provides financial literacy tools for young people .
“ Most credit card operations project cards as a way toward freedom .
We project them as a way to destruction , if you ’re not careful . ”
Digging deeper into the CreditCards.com poll , the findings also suggested a measure of class distinction when it came to the issue of parents , children and debt .
The rich , who can most afford generosity , and the poor , who have the most familiarity with the weight of extreme indebtedness , are most likely to pony up $ 20,000 or more for their cash - challenged kids .
People with middle - class incomes of $ 30,000 to $ 50,000 are the least likely to do so — perhaps because these parents , engaged daily in the effort to keep their financial heads above water , are especially interested in teaching their kids to sink or swim on their own .
“ They know what it takes to have been successful in their lives , through hard work , saving and keeping an ever - vigilant eye on spending , ” Udell said .
“ When they have deviated from that and spent unwisely , they remember well the consequences . ”
Other highlights of the CreditCards.com poll include :
Though men are far more willing to help shoulder their kids debts of $ 20,000 or more , women are somewhat more forgiving than men when the debts come in at lower thresholds ( below $ 1,000 for those who do n’t expect to be repaid and $ 5,000 for those who do ) .
It is the sheer weight of that $ 20,000 - plus burden that seems to be the determining factor in the fathers ’ greater willingness to help .
“ Their experiences in this regard may be similar to their own when growing up and maturing financially , ” Udell said of fathers .
“ So they have better understanding of the situation . ”
Adults who do not have children scored higher on virtually every measure of willingness to help , when seen from the perspective of a debtor child .
One of many examples :
One in five childless women and nearly one in four childless men said they would pay off a $ 20,000 - or - higher debt of a theoretical child .
The ‘ just say no ’ crowd
In addition , the percentage of adults who said they would not help their children repay any debts under any circumstances remained relatively stable regardless of whether they expected to be repaid .
This suggests that many adult Americans stand on a rather firm principle when it comes to such things .
That principle ?
“ Actions have consequences , ” Sasmor said , “ so be responsible .
“ I would hope that parents have been teaching their children about money from the start — allowances , chores , responsibilities — and that , by college , they hope their children have similar values , ” she said .
“ When their young adult child first gets into financial trouble , parents can be supportive , perhaps decide if and how much they want to help and use the crisis as a teachable moment , ” Sasmor said .
“ But , the second time , the child should have to bear the consequences of his or her actions . ”
Poll methodology :
The survey was conducted from Aug. 28 - 30 , 2009 , by GfK Roper Public Affairs & Media on behalf of CreditCards.com .
Random digit dialing phone interviews were completed with 1,004 adults , all 18 years of age or older .
The raw data were then weighted by a custom designed computer program that automatically developed a weighting factor for each respondent , employing five variables : age , sex , education , race and geographic region .
The margin of error was plus or minus 3 percentage points for the full sample .
See related : CreditCards.com poll : 40 percent of Americans losing sleep over finances , How Dad affects your debt , financial decisions
In perhaps the most amusing effort to discredit US President Barack Obama 's plan for nationalized health care - if not the most ridiculous - US financial newspaper Investor 's Business Daily has said that if Stephen Hawking were British , he would be dead .
" The controlling of medical costs in countries such as Britain through rationing , and the health consequences thereof , are legendary , " read a recent editorial from the paper .
" The stories of people dying on a waiting list or being denied altogether read like a horror script ...
" People such as scientist Stephen Hawking would n't have a chance in the UK , where the National Health Service would say the life of this brilliant man , because of his physical handicaps , is essentially worthless . "
The paper has since been notified that Hawking is both British and still among the living .
And it has edited the editorial , acknowledging that the original version incorrectly represented the whereabouts of perhaps the world 's most famous scientific mind .
But it has not acknowledged that its mention of Hawking misrepresented the NHS as well .
" I would n’t be here today if it were not for the NHS , " Hawking told The Guardian .
" I have received a large amount of high - quality treatment without which I would not have survived . "
The best you can say about Investor 's Business Daily is that unlike US radio talk host Rush Limbaugh , it has not compared Obama 's health care logo to a swastika . ®
Armed with the disclosure of a " secret " Iranian nuclear facility , President Barack Obama and the leaders of Britain and France today demanded that Tehran fully disclose its nuclear ambitions " or be held accountable " to an impatient world community .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
French President Nicolas Sarkozy said Iran has until December to comply or face new sanctions .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown accused Iran of " serial deception . "
Obama said : " Iran is breaking rules that all nations must follow . "
Their dramatic joint statement opened the G - 20 economic summit .
Obama urged the International Atomic Energy Agency to investigate the site .
Iran has kept the facility , 100 miles southwest of Tehran , hidden from weapons inspectors , but the US has long known of its existence , a senior White House official told The Associated Press .
Obama decided to go public with the revelation after Iran learned that Western intelligence agencies were aware of the project , the official said before the joint statement .
The officials spoke on grounds of anonymity so as not to pre-empt Obama .
But a senior Iranian official told Reuters at the United Nations that accusations that a second uranium enrichment plant under construction in Iran was clandestine were " not true " .
He said : " If it was a covert plant , we would not have informed the ( International Atomic Energy ) Agency . "
Obama hopes the disclosure will increase pressure on the global community to impose new sanctions on Iran if it refuses to stop its nuclear program .
Beyond sanctions , the leaders ' options are limited and perilous ; military action by the United States or an ally such as Israel could set off a dangerous chain of events in the Islamic world .
In addition , Iran 's facilities are spread around the country and well hidden , making an effective military response difficult .
While the leaders did not mention military force , Sarkozy said , " Everything , everything must be put on the table now . "
German Chancellor Angela Merkel also called on Iran to provide " all information " about the plant " as quickly as possible . "
She called the disclosure " a grave development that brings us to say we are concerned and expect a swift clarification . "
The disclosure comes on the heels of a UN General Assembly meeting at which Obama saw a glimmer of success in his push to rally the world against Iranian nuclear ambitions .
And it comes days before Iran and six world powers are scheduled to discuss a range of issues including Tehran 's nuclear program .
The US has long avoided direct talks with Tehran over its nuclear program .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" The Iranian government must now demonstrate through deeds its peaceful intentions or be held accountable to international standards and international law , " Obama said .
Sarkozy and Brown struck a more defiant tone than their US counterpart .
" The level of deception by the Iranian government ... will shock and anger the whole international community , and it will harden our resolve , " Brown declared , adding that it 's time " to draw a line in the sand . "
Hours before the joint appearance , a diplomat in Vienna and another European government official told The Associated Press that Tehran has informed the IAEA of a previously undeclared uranium enriching facility .
Those officials , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the information was confidential , said Iran revealed its existence in a letter sent Monday to Mohamed ElBaradei , the head of the atomic energy agency .
Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , made no mention of the facility this week while attending the UN General Assembly in New York , but said that his country had fully cooperated with international nuclear inspectors .
Also at the UN meeting , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev opened the door to backing potential new sanctions against Iran as a reward to Obama 's decision to scale back a US missile shield in Eastern Europe .
Iran is under three sets of UN Security Council sanctions for refusing to freeze enrichment at what had been its single publicly known enrichment plant , which is being monitored by the IAEA .
The officials in Europe said Iran 's letter contained no details about the location of the second facility , when — or if — it had started operations or the type and number of centrifuges it was running .
But one of the officials , who had access to a review of Western intelligence on the issue , said it was about 100 miles southwest of Tehran and was the site of 3,000 centrifuges that could be operational by next year .
Iranian semiofficial new agency ISNA on Friday confirmed reports on the country 's second enrichment plant .
Iranian officials had previously acknowledged having only the one plant , under IAEA monitoring , and had denied allegations of undeclared nuclear activities .
An August IAEA report said Iran had set up more than 8,000 centrifuges to produce enriched uranium at its underground facility outside the southern city of Natanz .
The report said that only about 4,600 centrifuges were fully active .
Iran says it has the right to enrich uranium for a nationwide chain of nuclear reactors .
But because enrichment can also produce weapons - grade uranium , the international community fears Tehran will make fissile material for nuclear warheads .
Ok , sure .
We ’ve all got our little preconceived notions about who librarians are and what they do .
Many people think of librarians as diminutive civil servants , scuttling about “ Sssh- ing ” people and stamping things .
Well , think again buster .
Librarians have degrees .
They go to graduate school for Information Science and become masters of data systems and human - computer interaction .
Librarians can catalog anything from an onion to a dog ’s ear .
They could catalog you .
Librarians wield unfathomable power .
With a flip of the wrist , they can hide your dissertation behind piles of old Field and Stream magazines .
They can find data for your term paper that you never knew existed .
They may even point you toward new and appropriate subject headings .
People become librarians because they know too much .
Their knowledge extends beyond mere categories .
They can not be confined to disciplines .
Librarians are all - knowing and all - seeing .
They bring order to chaos .
They bring wisdom and culture to the masses .
They preserve every aspect of human knowledge .
Librarians rule .
And they will kick the crap out of anyone who says otherwise .
Big Brother database to protect children against paedophiles has gone too far , says Soham report chief
A massive vetting system set up to safeguard children and the elderly has come under fire from Sir Michael Bichard - the man whose report into the Soham murders led to its creation .
One in four adults in Britain will have to be screened by the Independent Safeguarding Authority when it goes live next month , before they are allowed to work in any job involving access to children .
It could even cover those who do no more than give neighbours ' or friends ' children lifts to sports or club events .
Millions of Britons will be placed on a new database to prevent a repeat of the Soham murders in 2002 , where Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman were killed
As opposition to the massive expansion of state vetting of ordinary people grew yesterday , children 's minister Baroness Morgan claimed the plans would help protect children from a repeat of ' the very tragic events with the murders in Soham ' .
But within hours Sir Michael Bichard , the former Whitehall mandarin who conducted the inquiry into the Soham killings , called for a review of the ISA 's rules , suggesting the new restrictions on millions of ordinary adults were a disproportionate response to the threat posed by paedophiles .
The Conservatives added to the pressure by pledging to curb the ISA dramatically if they win the next General Election .
Ian Huntley was given a job as caretaker at Jessica and Holly 's school because allegations of sex with underage girls were not passed on
The ISA will become the world 's largest vetting and checking system when it starts work next month , checking the backgrounds of an estimated 11.3 million adults in England , Wales and Northern Ireland .
Anyone whose work brings them into contact with children will have to undergo checks costing £ 64 , including all teachers , doctors , nurses dentists , pharmacists , prison officers , and school governors and dinner ladies .
Most controversially , parents who give lifts to friends ' children to attend a football match or Cubs ' evening will have to be vetted in all cases where the arrangements are made through the club or organisation .
Parents will also need official clearance before giving up their free time to visit their child 's school occasionally to help youngsters learn to read .
Adults breaching the rules could face a £ 5,000 fine , as can clubs which make use of unvetted volunteers - enough to put many small groups out of business .
Critics say the measures are excessive , warning that they could strangle local organisations which rely on volunteers , and poison ordinary relationships between adults and children by viewing every grown - up as a potential paedophile or killer .
Yesterday Baroness Morgan insisted they represented a ' proportionate , common - sense system ' .
Target : Parents face a £ 5,000 fine for driving their children 's friends to sport events and Cub Scout meetings when the Independent Safeguarding Authority is launched next month ( picture posed by models )
She said : ' Ultimately , safeguarding children is this government 's priority ... if we have a repeat of events like Soham then I think we would quite rightly be asked why we did n't do more . '
But the minister 's use of the highly emotive murders of Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman to justify the policy immediately ran into trouble , because questions arose over whether the ISA rules would have prevented Ian Huntley from carrying out the killings in 2002 .
The idea for the ISA was born from Sir Michael 's report into the murders and the police inquiry .
Outraged : Children 's author Philip Pullman has pledged to stop giving readings in schools in protest at the scheme
Yesterday Sir Michael voiced his misgivings about the ISA and specifically questioned the definition of ' frequent or intensive ' contact with children which require an adult to be vetted - which is taken to mean any contact which happens twice a month , or on three consecutive days or overnight .
Poll
Would you give up volunteer work if you had to undergo new criminal checks ?
Yes No Would you give up volunteer work if you had to undergo new criminal checks ?
Yes 12927 votes
No 8281 votes
Now share your opinion
Sir Michael told Radio 4's World at One : ' The issue is whether it is proportionate .
It will be necessary over time to review the definition of what is frequent or intensive . '
Later Baroness Morgan 's staff appeared to back - pedal from her earlier claims linking the scheme to the Soham murders .
A spokesman said : ' We are not considering this from the point of view that it would 've have prevented Soham .
' The Bichard Inquiry findings showed the need for better information - sharing and that such sharing needs to be nationally coordinated to work most effectively . '
Shadow Home Secretary Chris Grayling said : ' This scheme can not be allowed to go ahead in this way .
We would review the whole safeguarding process and scale it back so that common sense applies . '
It emerged that a quirk of the ISA 's rules will mean convicted paedophiles and criminals could still be cleared to take up sensitive jobs .
Officials disclosed that the ISA will compile two separate lists - one covering those banned from working with children , and one relating to old people .
This could mean that a paedophile barred from working with youngsters could still be allowed to work in an old people 's home .
UseNeXT : a scam ?
A review into the provider often labelled as a complete fraud .
Der Mann wollte sich zu Gott betend für seine Rettung aus einem Fahrstuhl bedanken , als das Marterl kippte und ihn erschlug .
Ein 45 - jähriger
Wiener ist am vergangenen Sonntag in Wien - Währing von einem Steinmarterl erschlagen worden .
Die Steinplatte des Heiligenstocks bei der Weinhaus - Kirche habe sich gelöst und dem Mann tödliche Verletzungen zugefügt , bestätigte Roman Hahslinger , Sprecher der Polizei , am Mittwoch einen Bericht des Gratisblattes “ Heute ” ( Mittwochausgabe ) .
US Billboards Attack Prayer : Pete Greig Responds Pete Greig - 7 Jul 2009
Prayer is pointless !
At least , according to a massive billboard campaign launched on 1st July in five American States .
Hot on the heals of the recent atheist bus campaign in London , these new billboards , sponsored by the American Humanist Association , read : “ WANT A BETTER WORLD ?
Prayer Not Required ! ” and they ’re being erected this month in Washington , D.C. , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , Idaho , and Arizona ( where churches prayed continually throughout last year ) .
But before we pack up our 24 - 7 Prayer Rooms , shut down this site and wave goodbye to thousands of years of Judaeo - Christian conviction , let ’s just think about this claim a little …
In America the vast majority of people pray – even on the West Coast where , according to Gallup , 25 % of the adult population is now either atheist or agnostic .
Meanwhile in supposedly secular Europe , 60 % of people pray regularly and in London that figure rises to a whopping 73 % .
These statistics alone eloquently challenge the premise that prayer is a waste of time .
In my book God on Mute , I describe an old Russian Orthodox believer , called Anatoly Emmanuilovich , who was persecuted all his life by the Secret Police .
In a letter from prison he testified that : ‘ The greatest miracle of all is prayer .
I have only to turn my thoughts to God and I suddenly feel a strength which bursts into my soul , into my entire being … .
It is not psychotherapy , for where would I , an insignificant , tired old man , get this strength which renews and saves me ?
It comes from without and there is no force on earth that can even understand it . ’
When I read testimonies like this one , I wonder what is achieved by attacking something as wonderful as prayer .
Why would anyone spend hundreds of thousands of dollars trying to convert people to the terrible news that we are merely highly evolved animals marooned on a giant rock , spinning meaninglessly in space , doomed to a purposeless existence , without moral consequence and without recourse to any higher power , meaning or hope ?
Why did n’t they just throw a massive party , or buy millions of mosquito nets for Africa , or install a wall of plasma televisions at every morgue in the country ?
The Russian novelist Dostoevsky argued that , ‘ without God there is no morality ’ .
Think about it !
If there ’s no God , there ’s no such thing as the ‘ better world ’ to which the billboard aspires .
In purely evolutionary terms , a serial killer is merely proving his supremacy over weaker individuals and asserting his right to dominate the gene pool .
And even if there was meaning and morality in a godless universe , unless humanism can change hearts , restore marriages , break addictions , heal painful memories , rewire motivations , erase guilt , inspire great art , and ignite vision the way that Jesus Christ can , its utopian ambitions are naïve to put it mildly .
When it comes to social transformation , atheism ’s track record is n’t good .
In fact it ’s downright terrible .
In Cambodia , the atheist dictator Pol Pot killed more than a million of his own people in four years .
In Russia , Joseph Stalin was responsible for the deaths of tens of millions – yet he failed entirely to make things better .
Meanwhile , Jesus who never hurt anyone and who centered his whole life in prayer , instructing his followers to ‘ always pray and not give up ’ ( Luke 18:1 ) , has changed billions of lives down thousands of years … unquestionably for the better .
As we celebrate the holidays , let ’s make the most of moments of leisure to enjoy God ’s presence and to re-align ourselves with his plan for a better world .
Whether it ’s expressed in whispered words of gratitude lying on a sun lounger , or singing our hearts out in a 24 - 7 Prayer Room , let ’s continue to pray like it all depends on God and live like it all depends on us .
Why ?
Because YES we want a better world but NO we ca n’t wish it into being , and we ca n’t think it into being , and we ca n’t rebrand it into being , and we certainly can’t work it up by trying our hardest to be nicer little ‘ humanisms ’ !
The better world we long for cannot be found in the mirror .
That ’s why we ask Jesus Christ to displace our selfishness and sadness with his unparalleled grace and joy .
The world got a little better when the Roman Empire ended its ritual of human sacrifice , an event that can be traced back to a 24 - 7 Prayer Room in Jerusalem in AD33 .
The world got a little better with the abolition of slavery in the British Empire , an event that can be traced back to a 24 - 7 Prayer Room in South - East Germany in 1727 .
The world also got a little better with the rise of the American Civil Rights Movement , a great consensus that can be traced back to a 24 - 7 Prayer Room in Azusa Street , Los Angeles in 1906 .
Yes we want a better world , and yes , that ’s why we pray !
It has been true for millennia that the laboratory for all positive social transformation and spiritual formation has always been the place of persevering prayer .
One day , according to our scriptures , even members of the American Humanist Association will join us in confessing Christ , acknowledging that the hinge of history is the bended knee .
こ の 「 地図作成ソフト」について
案内地図の作成に便 利
このソフトは、案内地図やルートマップなどの略地図を作成するためのソフトです。自宅や会社のへの案内、催し・イベント会場への案内などの素材を製作する際にたいへん便利です。
すべて無 料
このソフトは、フリーソフトです。すべて無料でご使用できます。
また、使用するためのユーザー登録や、ソフトをパソコンにダウンロードすることなども一切不要で、すぐにこの場で作成することができます。作成した地図画像のフォーマットはGIF画像となります。右クリックで表示されるメニューからパソコンへの保存が可能です。作製した地図は、ホームページや案内状、パンフレット、チラシなどの素材製作等、ご自由にご使用ください。
使い方も簡 単
右側のエリアで、描画する 「 線路 」 「道路 」 「目的地 」 「目印」などのアイテムの位置や大きさなどを指定します。アイテムを追加したい場合は「追加」欄の「＋」ボタンを押します。削除したい場合は「削除」欄の「−」ボタンを押します。アイテムを配置したら、最上部または最下部にある「地図を描画する」ボタンを押します。
これを何度か繰り返して、イメージ通りに作成できたら完成です。左側に描画された地図を右クリック（ｉＰｈｏｎｅの場合は長押し）して、画像を保存してください。
お役に立ちましたら、幸いです。
ＰＳ ． 「地図を描画する」ボタンを押すと、アイテムのデータがクッキーに保存されますので、製作を一時中断して、後で作成の続きを行うこともできます。また「データをファイルに書き出す」ボタンを押すことにより、作成中の地図データを保存しておくこともできます。保存したファイルは「参照...」で指定、「データをファイルから読み込む」ボタンを押すことにより、読み込むことができます。
ＰＳ２．地図の中央に道路を描くサンプル動画はこちらです。
UCLA psychologists have determined for the first time that a gene linked with physical pain sensitivity is associated with social pain sensitivity as well .
Their study indicates that variation in the mu-opioid receptor gene ( OPRM1 ) , often associated with physical pain , is related to how much social pain a person feels in response to social rejection .
People with a rare form of the gene are more sensitive to rejection and experience more brain evidence of distress in response to rejection than those with the more common form .
The research was published Aug. 14 in the early online edition of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences and will appear in the print version in the coming weeks .
The findings give weight to the common notion that rejection " hurts " by showing that a gene regulating the body 's most potent painkillers — mu-opioids — is involved in socially painful experiences too , said study co-author Naomi Eisenberger , UCLA assistant professor of psychology and director of UCLA 's Social and Affective Neuroscience Laboratory .
In the study , researchers collected saliva samples from 122 participants to assess which form of the OPRM1 gene they had and then measured sensitivity to rejection in two ways .
First , participants completed a survey that measured their self - reported sensitivity to rejection .
They were asked , for example , how much they agreed or disagreed with statements like " I am very sensitive to any signs that a person might not want to talk to me . "
Next , a subset of this group , 31 participants , was studied using functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) at UCLA 's Ahmanson–Lovelace Brain Mapping Center during a virtual ball - tossing game in which participants were ultimately socially excluded .
Subjects were told that they would be connected over the Internet with two other players who were also in fMRI scanners and that they would all be playing the interactive ball - tossing game .
In reality , however , participants were playing with a preset computer program , not other people .
advertisement
Initially , participants were included in the activity but were then excluded when the two other " players " stopped throwing the ball to them .
" What we found is that individuals with the rare form of the OPRM1 gene , who were shown in previous work to be more sensitive to physical pain , also reported higher levels of rejection sensitivity and showed greater activity in social pain–related regions of the brain — the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex and anterior insula — in response to being excluded , " Eisenberger said .
The dorsal anterior cingulate cortex and anterior insula are brain regions often associated with the distress of physical pain .
Previous research by Eisenberger and her colleagues has shown that these brain regions are also involved in the pain of social rejection .
" Although it has long been suggested that mu-opioids play a role in social pain — and there are convincing animal models that show this — this is the first human study to link this mu-opioid receptor gene with social sensitivity in response to rejection , " Eisenberger said .
" These findings suggest that the feeling of being given the cold shoulder by a romantic interest or not being picked for a schoolyard game of basketball may arise from the same circuits that are quieted by morphine , " said Baldwin Way , a UCLA postdoctoral scholar and the lead author on the paper .
Eisenberger argues that this overlap in the neurobiology of physical and social pain makes good sense .
" Because social connection is so important , feeling literally hurt by not having social connections may be an adaptive way to make sure we keep them , " she said .
" Over the course of evolution , the social attachment system , which ensures social connection , may have actually borrowed some of the mechanisms of the pain system to maintain social connections . "
Shelley E. Taylor , UCLA distinguished professor of psychology , is also a co-author on the paper .
The research was funded by a National Institute of Mental Health ( NIMH ) postdoctoral fellowship , the National Institute on Aging , the NIMH and the Harry Frank Guggenheim Foundation .
Releases
For versions 0.7 and earlier , the READMEs contain and link to library documentation .
Development version
Note that the development version of the library often requires the development version of Agda .
Git repository .
README .
You can get the development version as follows : git clone https://github.com/agda/agda-stdlib.git
Contributions are welcome , see the README .
From Agda - 2.5 : Telling Agda about the location of the standard library
See INSTALLATION .
Until Agda - 2.4 : Setting up the Emacs mode for use with the library
Download the library and unpack it into some directory DIR .
.
In Emacs , type the following commands :
M-x load - library RET agda2 - mode RET M-x customize - group RET agda2 RET
Interesting Insights for 2010 by the Unity 3D CEO IndieGamePod
Hey folks ,
Got a link to this blog post by the Unity CEO …a lot of the info is relevant to indie game devs … I ’ve reprinted it below …
Original Link : http://blogs.unity3d.com/2010/01/14/2010-trends/
We ’re living in exciting times , and in some ways we here at Unity Technologies are in a unique position to be part of them .
Here are the trends that we think are most important for the Unity community as a whole in 2010 along with what you can do to be part of them .
Without further ado .
The Year of Gamification , Part 1
We call the adoption of game technology and game design methods outside of the games industry “ gamification ” , and this is a really broad trend .
Unity and other game technologies are being used across more than a dozen sectors that have little or nothing to do with games .
Architectural visualization is an obvious and older example .
But apart from that we have some of the world ’s biggest engineering and manufacturing companies , as well as several actual armed forces as our customers .
TV production companies use Unity and other game engines to produce live TV shows and Machinima videos .
Big corporations make employee training and simulation applications using Unity , and some of our customers have gone into online meeting and collaboration .
Game technology being applied to all these areas means that Unity users are valuable to many and not everyone has to make a living from games .
Action item : Sell your skills outside the games industry .
With a knowledge of other industries , you can create new and innovative products or businesses servicing these industries .
The sky ’s the limit .
The Year of Gamification , Part 2
A second aspect of gamification is that game design methods and strategies are being used outside of games to design better products and user experiences .
A boring site like Mint.com has experimented with turning personal finance into a game , social networking experiment FourSquare maintains high - score lists for people who bar - crawl , and natural - language search startup Siri hired an accomplished game designer to design their user experience .
Action item : Learn game design and apply it to everything – how people sign up for a website , how people “ succeed ” in using your product , how customers share it with their friends and become leaders of user groups / clans , etc .
Game design can be used for all of this .
Another Golden Age for Garage Developers
We are definitely going to see even more quality games done by small teams in 2010 .
With very little risk and by mainly investing their own time , a small team of 1 - 2 people can make a hit game that will sell millions of units .
More importantly ( and what makes this different than 4 years ago ) , there are now many more channels through which to distribute and sell such a game .
Many such games are receiving world - wide acclaim .
Action item : Find an awesome partner and go create !
Publishers Continue to be Valuable
With casual , online and mobile games requiring smaller production budgets and eschewing retail ( and thus expensive and slow ) distribution in exchange for digital , the game industry was expecting to get rid of the publisher as a concept .
But as the iPhone ecosystem clearly proves ( as well as the web somewhat less clearly with portals like Shockwave.com and distribution companies like Zynga and RockYou ) , the publishers stay .
Though they may not be forwarding cash and fully owning the game IPs , their expertise in marketing , game design and online distribution metrics and strategies make them a valuable , if no longer totally required , partner to the game developer .
Action item : Consider working with a publisher .
Fortunately with publishers ’ leverage lessened , they are typically less demanding with regards to what they have to own ( IP , sequel rights , revenue share ) .
Or become your own publisher by building that expertise .
This is not a simple task , but has been done by some of the top online game developers .
Everything Becomes a “ Console ”
This one is somewhat controversial .
It seemed that with the move towards mobile and web , the closed ecosystems of the console world would be under siege and eventually collapse .
What game developer ( except perhaps the ones most entrenched in with the Nintendos - Microsoft - Sony trinity ) has n’t fantasized about this walled garden having its walls rammed down ?
Well , welcome to the new world .
The iPhone has proven that given the right amount of “ openness ” , neither consumers nor developers really mind closed platforms .
Even on the anarchic web ( regions of which remind one more of a Mad- Maxian post - apocalyptical cyberspace than an enlightened utopia ) , Facebook is in the process of creating a closed environment within which consumers and game developers can meet and exchange fun and money ( more or less ) safely .
This section could also have been labeled “ the Rise of the AppStore Model ” , since it ’s more the App Store than the gaming console which inspires this megatrend .
And framed like that , it might have made people happy .
But this is a problematic trend ( to say the least ) that should make us stop to think .
Action item : Make use of this .
Or if you ’re brave , build your own !
Facebook Wallet , Apple Tablet , Unity on Facebook
And then are the obvious ones .
Of course Apple will launch its tablet .
We even know the screen - size and CPU make .
The only uncertainly left is what day it launches .
And its price .
Surely Facebook will launch a payment platform which in tandem with Facebook Connect will dramatically transform the face of microtransactions on the internet .
If they do this right , it will finally enable the web - wide microtransactions which we ’ve been dreaming of since the dot - com era .
And of course Unity will be big on Facebook .
Several major games will get launched on Facebook , offering awesome games to hundreds of millions of people ( not to mention significantly moving the needle on adoption of the Unity plugin ) .
Action item : Left as an exercise for the reader game development , Online Game Development 2010 Game Trends , Unity 3D
Unity iPhone Contest Finalists Announced … IndieGamePod
Hey folks ,
The finalists for the contest have been announced .
They are below .
You can vote on your favorite one and the winner will be announced September 12th , 2009 .
Voting is open until 11:59 PM , September 10th .
Thanks again to everyone that participated …
Cast your vote for the finalist below by filling out the finalist number in the comment box below … finalists are not allowed to vote …all ballots are private .
Finalist # 1 :
Justin :
I ’m an technical artist / designer at a small studio developing games for XBLA / PSN and will be jumping into IPhone dev in my spare time with a programmer coworker .
I ’d love to get ahold of Unity for development though the costs seems a bit high for the initial investment in making apps .
One project I plan on making is a 3D stylized version of a physics based destruction game similar to Crush the Castle .
http://armorgames.com/play/3614/crush-the-castle
The game wo n’t revolve around the medieval genre but the mechanic will be similar with a much more diverse upgrade system .
The few open source engine solutions I ’ve looked into seem very viable , though I know getting Unity would be a huge advantage !
Finalist # 2 :
Thamster :
My proposal is a revision to a relatively popular previously released amateur iphone game iGate 3d .
I put this out on the iphone app store to mixed reviews .
The premise was a portable version of the popular valve game Portal .
Having hand written the engine myself in 2 months as a hobby project , I would think it would be interesting to contrast the amateur implementation with one made using a professional engine like Unity .
I wanted to see how difficult it would be to implement the portal algorithm in js instead of c++ and wanted to add a time rewind mechanic similar to the one seen in Braid .
If I win , I would be willing to release some snippets of the algorithms involved for both of those mechanics to the unity community !
Vote for me !
Finalist # 3 :
Sabotender :
Hi , my name is Thomas Beswick , and i am the Lead Designer of Dark Codex studios .
We are active indie developers and have a close partnership with Tumbleweed Interactive ( who have released an iPhone game already ) and iPhone publisher Chillingo .
As such we would greatly appreciate a Unity iPhone SDK , especially as we allready have experience using Unity Indie .
Our planned iPhone game is a classic point n click adventure , however our game will utilize a more modern appearance as we are planning to have many layers of paralax scrolling backgrounds , and modern particle effects .
Our first iPhone game will be set at a very low price , and will focus mainly on telling the story .
If the game is successfull we have many more games planned and documented .
Best of luck to us all
Yours ,
Thomas Beswick
Dark Codex Finalist # 4 :
John :
Hi all !
Busker Games is a team of seasoned industry vets from triple - A studios , who ’ve worked on titles including Halo , Guild Wars , Dungeon Siege , and Total Annihilation .
We ’re breaking loose to try our hand at smaller and more personal games !
Currently we ’re getting started using Unity Indie , and working on a handful of smaller ideas for the iPhone .
One of our planned ‘ big ’ projects revolves around some of our guys who were original artists on the Liesure Suit Larry series , and will be a casual ( in the ‘ original ’ definition of the word , circa 1970 ) adventure game style homage to the King of Kitsch .
Good ‘ol American fun , hopefully just clean enough to pass Apple ’s review board . 🙂
We ’re still a bootstrapped team , scraping together resources for macs and a handful of Unity Indie kits , and would be greatly honored and cavorting for joy if you chose us !
Thanks !
Great idea guys !
John Gronquist
Busker Games LLC Finalist # 5 :
Proposal : Revamped version of Atari ’s classic S.T.U.N.
Runner mixed with Wipeout elements .
This game would be perfect for the iPhone ’s Accelerometer / Tilt for a control schema .
Already have a Unity3d Indie prototype of the game made .
Thank you .
Finalist # 6 :
Jean - Francois :
Hi , my name is Jean - François Moulin and I ’m a professional developer .
When not at work , I am prototyping the following game idea with a small assembled team in unity indie .
The game I propose is a stripped down ( probably space ) RTS where you have to defend a base ( planet ) with units created by the user using lego like addon .
The player can add an addon and an effect to any base units .
This allow for very custom units where all combinations of units / addons / effects are possible .
Unit creation controls will stay very simple to allow for a fast paced game .
The game is centered on the planet defense , but there will be moons that players can use to build additional defenses on depending on the stage .
Enemies will come from all sides and will force the player to dispatch his units strategically around the planet while managing energy that allows him to power his units .
This is not a tower defense revamped , though you need to defend something .
The presentation , gameplay , and mechanics are very different .
( 2d side scrolling style )
The game is more designed than this , but this is enough to give the idea .
Finalist # 7 :
Brandon :
Proposal overview :
A “ pokemon ” style game where players create and raise “ fighter pets ” on their phones to fight against other players ’ fighter pets .
Similar to
Duels ( http://www.duels.com) where players can train their pets to become better at different skills .
The game will be connected to Facebook to allow players to play against other players on the popular social networking site .
Pets can be placed in real world locale by integrating with the iPhone ’s internal camera .
Finalist # 8 :
Ryan :
Hi everyone !
We ’d like to make Kahoots !
http://www.untoldentertainment.com/blog/2009/07/31/kahoots-intro-cut-scene/
Kahoots is a fun , crime - themed puzzle game modeled entirely in clay .
We ’ve been developing it using the iPhone ’s screen size , but the Objective - C learning curve has really put a roadblock in our path .
Here ’s an article about our struggles :
http://www.untoldentertainment.com/blog/2009/05/22/one-step-forward-nine-miles-back/
We ’d LOVE to use Unity3D for the project .
It uses similar rules as a game called Set , if you ’ve ever played that .
It ’s funny and challenging and it looks really cool .
There are 50 levels in the game , with 5 game types and 2 modes – Story Mode and Quickplay Mode .
Nearly all of the graphics and cut -scenes for the game are finished , and we ’re already a licensed Apple developer .
All we really need is a Unity iPhone license to plug in the assets , and we ’re off to the races !
If you want to try the Closed Public Beta build from a few months ago , please send me an email : info@untoldentertainment.com
Finally , here ’s the Designer Diary for the game : http://www.untoldentertainment.com/blog/kahoots-designer-diary
Thanks !
And good luck , everyone !
( It ’s great to see so many people interested in making graphic adventure games ! ) – Ryan Finalist # 9 :
Michael :
Proposal : An Augmented Reality Platformer Players can choose from different obstacle courses , that can start either at a defined map location or from the player ’s immediate spot .
They then run , jump and use special abilities they can pick - up to defeat enemies and surmount obstacles .
Previous level attempts by the player or those shared by other players can be overlayed on the course to give players someone to pace against .
Players would also be able to create their own obstacle courses and share them online either for reuse at other locations or for specific map locations allowing them to integrate real - world obstacles into the challenge .
Finalist # 10 :
Mike :
Proposal : A “ base defense ” science fiction themed game I ’m a professional developer who works with a pair of artists to develop iPhone apps outside of our day jobs .
I also have almost a decade of experience in the games industry , having shipped 12 titles as a developer and 6 as a test engineer .
I have tried the Unity iPhone demo and I ’m very impressed ; and the technical artist on my team has made some pretty impressive demos in a short amount of time .
My game idea is inspired from the type of large starship battles familiar from Star Trek and Star Wars .
You command a starship , which must defend itself from wave after wave of attacks by enemy craft .
With each enemy you destroy , you gain resources which can be used to repair or upgrade your ship .
Additionally , there will be a mechanic which allows you to divert power to and from different systems , which adds a real - time element to a genre that is traditionally mostly passive .
For example , if enemies are attacking from the front of the ship , the player can divert power from the rear shields to the front in order to minimize the damage received .
This “ power ” as I envision it is a separate , renewable resource as opposed to the “ cash ” received from destroying enemies .
( But your ship ’s total power capacity / renewal rate / etc. can have possible upgrades purchased with cash . )
As the game progresses , players will see their starship evolve into whatever they choose , depending on their play style .
I want to avoid the “ golden path ” style gameplay which rewards only one “ correct ” set of decisions .
Any “ captain ” should be able to guide their ship the way they see fit .
I could dive into more detail but I ’ll keep this short for now .
Thank you for your consideration .
Finalist # 11 :
Pacific :
Short Description :
Solve ( language - learning ) puzzles in an immersive , mysterious world !
Game Genre :
3d adventure game ( educational ) Background / Purpose :
I live on Guam , a small American island south of Japan .
English is the predominant language here , but the language of our elders ( Chamorro ) is dying out … it ’s rarely spoken among younger generations .
There are many recent efforts to revive this endangered language among kids and teens ( following successful practices taken by the Maori in New Zealand ) , but there ’s still much work to be done toward preserving our island ’s rich culture .
By applying the Chamorro language to new technology and media ( i.e. an iphone game that can also be ported to an online format ) , youth will be able to engage with the language in a more relevant environment .
Description :
Using the great new tutorials being put out by Unity ( e.g. http://bit.ly/DPDNW), I plan to initially develop a single - level 3d world .
As the main character , you will travel about and solve a series of nine puzzles in order to complete the narrative ( very similar to classic adventure games ) .
Each puzzle will require the application of beginner - level Chamorro ( example : unlock a door by solving a Chamorro riddle ) .
Ideal User :
Youth ( ages 9 - 15 ) , and others , who are interested in applying their Chamorro language skills .
Additionally , I should note that this game will not make millions of dollars .
In fact , I plan to make it freely available .
🙂
But , it will fill a significant need in providing youth with a relevant way to engage with their grandparents ’ language .
Future Expansion :
I envision this project as a step toward creating a series of games with increasingly difficult language puzzles ( to correspond with a person advancing toward language fluency ) .
Additionally , I ’d love to repurpose the game for other endangered languages .
In other words , I ’d use the same immersive world but change the language used in the puzzles .
About myself :
I recently completed grad school with an MA in instructional technology .
My studies focused on creating educational exhibits and websites for museums , but I also took quite a few classes in game design .
Until now I ’ve created games using java or actionscript 3.0 , but I ’m looking to branch out .
I also already have an iphone developer license , and believe it or not , a subscription to Unity Developer magazine ( but no copy of Unity software yet ) .
I ’m dying to jump right in , and I look forward to sharing / blogging the game design process .
****
Those are all the finalists … cast your vote below .
Finalists are not allowed to vote .
The ballot votes are private .
Game Design , game development , IPhone Game Development , iphone game development iphone development , Unity 3D , Unity iPhone SDK
Research 2000 for Daily Kos.
8/31-9/3 .
All adults .
MoE 2 % ( No trend lines )
Do you favor or oppose creating a government - administered health insurance option that anyone can purchase to compete with private insurance plans ?
Favor Oppose Not Sure
All 58 34 8 Dem 81 12 7
Rep 26 69 5
Ind 57 33 10 Northeast 69 22 9
South 47 46 7
Midwest 61 31 8
West 59 33 8
The public option remains popular , by a nearly 3 - 2 margin .
Seems like people like the idea of competition in the insurance market , that would help lower premiums and keep currently unaccountable insurance companies honest .
What 's more , the public option is favored by over a quarter of self - identified Republicans , which is more " bipartisanship " than you 'll ever see in DC .
And if you look at the regional crosstabs , support for the public option would be even higher if it was n't for the South , were birtherism and Obama derangement syndrome is at its highest .
If a candidate for office opposed a public health insurance option would that make you more or less likely to vote for that candidate or would it have no real effect on your vote ?
More Less No Effect
All 23 36 41 Dem 8 58 34
Rep 58 12 30
Ind 17 32 51 Northeast 12 46 42
South 36 25 39
Midwest 19 40 41
West 21 37 42
Opposing the public option is electoral poison in every region of the country except the South , while both Democrats and Independents are willing to punish opponents of the public option at the ballot box .
Democrats have a national electoral mandate , they have public opinion on their side , they have dominant majorities in both chambers of Congress , and they have the White House .
No wonder Independents and Democrats are abandoning the Democratic Party :
Change in Favorability : Democratic Party ( From 6/4 to 9/3 ) OVERALL : - 10 ( From 49 to 39 )
DEMOCRATS : - 17 ( From 84 to 67 )
INDEPENDENTS : - 12 ( From 48 to 36 )
REPUBLICANS : No Change ( From 4 to 4 ) Change in Favorability : Republican Party ( From 6/4 to 9/3 ) OVERALL : +3 ( from 20 to 23 )
REPUBLICANS : +12 ( from 61 to 73 )
INDEPENDENTS : No Change ( From 11 to 11 )
DEMOCRATS : +2 ( From 4 to 6 )
Democrats and Independents voted Democratic to get stuff done .
Democrats are showing that no matter how big their margins , no matter how popular the policy , they are still too incompetent to get anything done .
July 23 , 2009  --
Why in the world is Calif .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger seen wielding a two - foot - long knife in a video link posted on Twitter ?
In a 27 - second clip posted Tuesday , the husky governor addresses the Twittersphere while holding a two - foot - long knife .
While the state wrestles with a $ 26 billion deficit , the celebrity turned Republican governor posted the video as a thank - you to constituents for their ideas on how to pay down the massive deficit , particularly one suggestion to autograph and then auction off state - owned cars .
" Hey guys , I just want to say thanks very much for all the great ideas you 're giving me , " he said .
" You come up with great ideas .
Why not just sign the cars since you 're a celebrity governor ?
Sign the cars and sell it for more money .
…
That 's exactly what we 're going to do . "
According to The Associated Press , Schwarzenegger 's spokesman Aaron McLear said the knife was a gift from a friend and arrived Tuesday .
He also said the governor actually does intend to sign state vehicles before they 're auctioned off in late August .
Officials estimate that selling 15 percent of the state 's 40,000 government - owned cars could raise about $ 24 million .
When a reporter asked Schwarzenegger Wednesday whether the video was appropriate , given how seriously the budget cuts are affecting the lives of some Californians , the governor went on the defense .
" Not that I have fun with making the cuts -- they sadden me -- but ... that does n't mean that you cannot wave a knife around , or to wave your sword around , to get the message across that certain cuts have to be made because it 's budget time , " Schwarzenegger said during a news conference .
Schwarzenegger 's not the first public figure to court controversy on Twitter .
New Tool Brings New Mistakes
Most would argue that the micro- blogging site that has attracted millions of users , including celebrities and politicians , is a powerful tool for communication .
But it 's amazing how much trouble 140 characters can cause .
Just like hitting " reply all " instead of sticking with the simple " reply , " one errant Twitter message -- the maximum post is 140 characters -- available for all with an Internet connection to see , can send its author ducking for cover .
" While Twitter is a new tool that brings with it some new possible ways to make mistakes , people make mistakes in all of the different communications we already have , " said Sarah Milstein , author of " The Twitter Book " and social media consultant ( she was the 21st user of Twitter ) .
" What makes Twitter different is that the messages are public so that anyone can see them . "
Like a blog , Twitter is public but , unlike a blog , the messages , photos and links can easily be re-tweeted or passed along virally to other users , she said .
That combination means that regrettable postings can be sent far and wide and then , to make matters worse , easily searched for on Google .
" Be thoughtful about your posting , be interesting , because Twitter is a medium where people choose to get your message , " Milstein said .
" If you 're thoughtful about your individual messages , it also helps to take a step back when you 're doing something potentially inflammatory or that you may regret later . "
Here are nine other people who might have been helped by that bit of advice .
Author Feuds With Critic on Twitter
In early July , author Alice Hoffman caught some flack for getting huffy with a critic via Twitter .
Hoffman was n't too pleased when Roberta Silman said Hoffman 's novel " lacked the spark of earlier work " and that " the author does n't deliver " in a Boston Globe review of her new book , " The Story Sisters . "
According to the tweets reprinted on Gawker , she called Silman a " moron " and said " no wonder there is no book section in the Globe anymore . "
Her tweets continued , until finally Hoffman committed a major social media no - no and posted Silman 's phone number on Twitter in case followers wanted " to tell Roberta Silman off . "
Her tiff generated such a buzz that she finally issued an apology through her publicist .
" I feel this whole situation has been completely blown out of proportion .
Of course I was dismayed by Roberta Silman 's review which gave away the plot of the novel , and in the heat of the moment I responded strongly and I wish I had n't .
" I 'm sorry if I offended anyone .
Reviewers are entitled to their opinions and that 's the name of the game in publishing .
I hope my readers understand that I did n't mean to hurt anyone and I 'm truly sorry if I did , " she wrote .
Arizona Man Says Tweeting About Vacation Led to Robbery
If you 're heading out of town , should you think twice before tweeting it out to your followers ?
One Arizona man thinks so .
Before leaving with his wife in June , Israel Hyman told his approximately 2,000 Twitter followers that they were " preparing to head out of town , " that they had " another 10 hours of driving ahead " and later , that they " made it to Kansas City , " CNET reported at the time .
But when they returned home , they found that someone had broken into their home and stolen video equipment he used for his video business – to the tune of a few thousand dollars .
" My wife thinks it could be a random thing , but I just have my suspicions , " he told The Associated Press .
" They did n't take any of our normal consumer electronics .
" The customers have never met me in person , " Hyman said .
" Twitter is a way for them to get to know me .
I forgot that there 's an inherent danger in putting yourself out there . "
Det. Steven Berry of the Mesa Police Department , which is investigating the burglary , said : " You 've got to be careful about what you put out there .
You never know who 's reading it . "
Al Roker Tweets From Jury Duty
In May , Today show weatherman Al Roker found himself in a blizzard of headlines when he snapped photos of potential jurors on his iPhone and -- in violation of court rules -- posted them to his Twitter page .
Newspapers had a ball , with the New York Post headlining a story with , " Oh , What a Twit ! "
But Roker promptly apologized to officials at Manhattan 's Criminal Court .
He called the mistake " inadvertent , " but defended himself .
" Folks need to lighten up , " he said in a later Twitter posting .
" I 'm not breaking laws . . . just trying to share the experience of jury duty .
One that I think is important and everyone should take part in . "
David Bookstaver , a spokesman for the state Office of Court Administration , echoed Roker 's sentiment , while saying the picture taking was " ill advised . "
" No harm was done , " Bookstaver said , adding : " What 's more important is this shows
Al came to do his civic duty , and we 're happy about that .
It 's a good example that nobody 's exempt . "
Mavericks Owner Slapped With $ 25 k Fine for Tweeting
In March , the NBA came down hard on Mavericks Owner Mark Cuban for tweeting grievances against referees .
The NBA hit him with a $ 25,000 find for publicly criticizing officials after the Denver Nuggets beat his team , the Dallas Mavericks .
Using Twitter , he complained that Denver 's J.R. Smith was not called for taunting Antoine Wright after he missed a shot .
After he heard about the fine , he wrote , " ca n't say no one makes money from twitter now .
the nba does . "
Top House Republican Tweets from the Green Zone
We all want our elected officials to be transparent in their motivations .
But maybe there 's such a thing as too much transparency when Twitter is involved .
In February , Rep. Pete Hoekstra , R - Mich. , found himself in a bit of hot water when he updated the public on his travels through Iraq and Afghanistan .
" Just landed in Baghdad , " the congressman declared on Feb. 5 at 9:41 p.m. , The Associated Press reported at the time .
Later that evening , he disclosed more details : " Moved into green zone by helicopter , Iraqi flag now over palace .
Headed to new U.S. embassy .
Appears calmer , less chaotic than previous here . "
Hoekstra said he was n't in the wrong , pointing out that other high - level officials also tweet their travels .
But the episode led the Pentagon to review its policy , as it views such information as sensitive , The Associated Press reported .
Virginia State Senator Tweets Possible Defection
But he 's not the only politician to have trouble with Twitter .
When his party came close to convincing a Democratic state senator to defect in February , Jeffrey Frederick , then the state 's party chairman tweeted a tease .
" Big news coming out of Senate : Apparently one dem is either switching or leaving the dem caucus .
Negotiations for power - sharing underway , " he wrote .
The switch would have created a 20 - 20 tie in the state Senate , broken by the state 's Republican lieutenant governor , The Talking Points Memo reported .
Frederick 's tweet upset the upset .
The Democrats read the message , mobilized and made sure the senator stayed on their side of the aisle .
Did Twitter Break Up Aniston and Mayer ?
Pop crooner John Mayer did n't get into trouble for what he wrote on Twitter but rather that he was on it at all .
The U.K.'s Telegraph reported in March that the pair may have split , in part , because of all the time Mayer was spending on the micro- blogging site .
The rumor was never confirmed but the buzz prompted social media blog Mashable to use the Twitter tracking tool TweetStats to figure out the number of tweets he was sending a day .
Since February , it said he'd been sending about 7.4 a day .
Not the volume of an addict , it said , pointing out that the break - up was n't so much Twitter 's fault as it was the lack of reported attention .
According to The Telegraph , in the aftermath of their break - up , Mayer tweeted , " This heart did n't come with instructions . "
Job Hunter Jeopardizes -- Maybe Loses -- Offer With Tweet
One job hunter -- on the verge of employment -- ran into trouble with a potential employer after an unfortunate tweet .
" Cisco just offered me a job !
Now I have to weigh the utility of a fatty paycheck against the daily commute to San Jose and hating my work , " the applicant wrote , according to MacWorld .
But someone from Cisco was paying attention and wrote back , " who is the hiring manager .
I 'm sure they would love to know that you will hate the work .
We here at Cisco are well versed in the Web . "
The tweeter switched on the privacy settings after this message .
So the blogosphere never learned the end to the story .
But it led to much online speculation , ridicule and even a dedicated Web site , ciscofatty.com .
Tech Expert Asks for ' Do - Over ' on Twitter
Sometimes , even the most tech - savvy of the technorati run into trouble online .
In March , New York Times consumer tech columnist David Pogue shared his personal phone number with a few too many people when he first started getting used to Twitter .
Thinking he was sending private notes to just a few Twitter friends , he let loose a message with his phone number included .
Imagine his surprise when he realized that he had sent the number to 21,000 Twitter followers instead .
Within seconds , he wrote in a column , he realized his mistake and followed up as fast as he could : " YIKES !
I 'm so sorry , that was meant to be a direct message .
Have mercy …
Please disregard my phone number ! "
A follower recommended that he delete the post ( which Pogue did n't even know he could do . )
But he said that the crowd was sympathetic .
Not a tweeter called his number and one wrote : " You 'll be ok .
Folks are respectful when it really counts . "
Not Even Wrong
We need a radical new approach to cutting greenhouse gases , and it might have arrived .
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian , 1st September 2009 .
At least – until a few months ago – government targets for cutting greenhouse gases had the virtue of being wrong .
They were the wrong targets , by the wrong dates , and they bore no relationship to the stated aim of preventing more than two degrees of global warming .
But they used a methodology which even their sternest critics ( myself included ) believed could be improved until it delivered the right results : the cuts merely needed to be raised and accelerated .
Three papers released earlier this year changed all that .
The first one , published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences in February , set the scene ( 1 ) .
It showed that the climate change we cause today “ is largely irreversible for 1,000 years after emissions stop ” .
Around 40 % of the carbon dioxide produced by humans this century will remain in the atmosphere until at least the year 3000 .
Moreover , thanks to the peculiar ways in which the oceans absorb heat from the atmosphere , global average temperatures are likely to “ remain approximately constant … until the end of the millennium despite zero further emissions ” .
In other words , governments ’ hopes about the trajectory of temperature change are ill - founded .
Most , including the UK’s , are working on the assumption that we can overshoot the desired targets for temperature and atmospheric concentrations of CO2 , then watch them settle back later .
What this paper shows is that wherever temperatures peak , that is more or less where they will stay .
There is no going back .
The other two papers were published by Nature in April .
While governments and the United Nations set targets for cuts by a certain date , these papers measured something quite different : the total volume of carbon dioxide we can produce and still stand a good chance of avoiding more than two degrees of warming .
One paper , by a team led by Myles Allen , shows that preventing more than two degrees means producing a maximum of half a trillion tonnes of carbon ( 1830 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide ) between now and 2500 – and probably much less ( 2 ) .
The other paper , written by a team led by Malte Meinshausen , proposes that producing 1000 billion tonnes of CO2 between 2000 and 2050 would deliver a 25 % chance of exceeding two degrees of warming ( 3 ) .
Writing elsewhere , the two teams gave us an idea of what this means .
At current rates of use , we will burn the ration that Allen set aside for the next 500 years in four decades ( 4 ) .
Meinshausen ’s carbon budget between now and 2050 will have been exhausted before 2030 ( 5 ) .
There ’s another way of expressing these limits .
The World Energy Council ( WEC ) publishes figures for global reserves of fossil fuels ( 6 ) .
A reserve means the minerals that have been identified , quantified and are cost - effective to exploit ; in other words those that are more or less ready to be extracted .
( The total amount of a mineral found in the earth ’s crust is called the resource ) .
The WEC says that 848 billion tonnes of coal ( 7 ) , 177,000 billion cubic metres of natural gas ( 8 ) and 162 billion tonnes of crude oil ( 9 ) are good to go .
We know roughly how much carbon a tonne of coal , a cubic metre of gas and a barrel of oil contain .
You can see the calculations and references at the bottom of this article : the result suggests that official reserves of coal , gas and oil amount to 818 billion tonnes of carbon .
The molecular weight of carbon dioxide is 3.667 times that of carbon .
This means that current reserves of fossil fuel , even when we ignore unconventional sources such as tar sands and oil shale , would produce 3000 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide if they were burnt .
In other words , if we do n’t want to exceed two degrees of global warming , we can burn , according to Allen ’s paper , a maximum of 60 % of current fossil fuel reserves by 2500 ( 10 ) .
Meinshausen says we ’ve already used one third of his 2050 budget since 2000 ( 11 ) , which suggests that we can afford to burn only 22 % of current reserves between now and 2050 ( 12 ) .
If you counted unconventional sources ( the carbon content is much harder to calculate ) , the proportion would be even smaller .
There are some obvious conclusions from these three papers .
The trajectory of cuts is more important than the final destination .
An 80 % cut by 2050 , for example , could produce very different outcomes .
If most of the cut were made towards the beginning of the period , the total emissions entering the atmosphere would be much smaller than if most of the cut were made at the end of the period .
The measure that counts is the peak atmospheric concentration .
This must be as low as possible and come as soon as possible , which means making most of the reductions right now .
Ensuring that we do n’t exceed the cumulative emissions discussed in the Nature papers means setting an absolute limit to the amount of fossil fuel we can burn , which , as my rough sums show , is likely to be much smaller than the reserves already identified .
It means a global moratorium on prospecting and developing new fields .
None of this is currently on the table .
The targets and methodology being used by governments and the United Nations – which will form the basis for their negotiations at Copenhagen – are not even wrong ; they are irrelevant .
Unless there is a radical change of plan between now and December , world leaders will not only be discussing the alignment of deckchairs on the Titanic , but hotly disputing whose deckchairs they really are and who has the responsibility for moving them .
Fascinating as this argument may be , it does nothing to alter the course of the liner .
But someone , at least , does have a radical new plan .
This afternoon the team that made the film The Age of Stupid is launching the 10:10 campaign : which aims for a 10 % cut in the UK ’s greenhouse gas emissions during 2010 .
This seems to be roughly the trajectory needed to deliver a good chance of averting two degrees of warming .
By encouraging people and businesses and institutions to sign up , the campaign hopes to shame the UK government into adopting this as its national target .
This would give the government the moral leverage to demand immediate sharp cuts from other nations , based on current science rather than political convenience .
I do n’t agree with everything the campaign proposes .
It allows businesses to claim reductions in carbon intensity as if they were real cuts : in other words they can measure their reductions relative to turnover rather than in absolute terms .
There ’s an uncomfortable precedent for this : cutting carbon intensity was George Bush ’s proposal for tackling climate change .
As economic growth is the major cause of rising emissions , this looks like a cop-out .
The cuts will not be independently audited , which might undermine their credibility with the government .
But these are quibbles .
10:10 is the best shot we have left .
It might not be enough , it might not work ; but at least it ’s relevant .
I take the pledge .
Will you ?
www.monbiot.com
References :
1. Susan Solomon , Gian - Kasper Plattner , Reto Knutti , and Pierre Friedlingstein , 10th February 2009 .
Irreversible climate change due to carbon dioxide emissions .
PNAS , vol. 106 , no. 6 , pp1704–1709 .
Doi : 10.1073/pnas.0812721106 .
http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2009/01/28/0812721106.full.pdf+html
2. Myles R. Allen et al , 30th April 2009 .
Warming caused by cumulative carbon emissions
towards the trillionth tonne .
Nature 458 . doi:10.1038/nature08019 .
http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v458/n7242/full/nature08019.html
3. Malte Meinshausen et al , 30th April 2009 .
Greenhouse - gas emission targets for limiting global warming to 2 °C .
Nature 458 , 1158 - 1162 . doi:10.1038/nature08017 .
http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v458/n7242/full/nature08017.html
4. Myles Allen et al , 30th April 2009 .
The exit strategy : Emissions targets must be placed in the context of a cumulative carbon budget if we are to avoid dangerous climate change .
Nature
doi:10.1038/climate.2009.38 .
http://www.nature.com/climate/2009/0905/full/climate.2009.38.html
5. Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research , 30th April 2009 .
On the way to phasing out emissions :
More than 50 % reductions needed by 2050 to respect 2 °C climate target .
http://www.pik-potsdam.de/news/press-releases/on-the-way-to-phasing-out-emissions-more-than-50-reductions-needed-by-2050-to-respect-2b0c-climate-target
6 . http://www.worldenergy.org/publications/survey_of_energy_resources_2007/default.asp
7 . http://www.worldenergy.org/publications/survey_of_energy_resources_2007/coal/627.asp
8 . http://www.worldenergy.org/publications/survey_of_energy_resources_2007/natural_gas/664.asp
9 . http://www.worldenergy.org/publications/survey_of_energy_resources_2007/crude_oil_and_natural_gas_liquids/638.asp
10 .
On average , one tonne of coal contains 746 kg carbon – http://bioenergy.ornl.gov/papers/misc/energy_conv.html
One cubic metre of natural gas contains 0.49 kg carbon – http://bioenergy.ornl.gov/papers/misc/energy_conv.html
The figure for oil is less certain , because not all of its refinery products are burnt .
But the rough calculation here suggests that the use of a barrel of oil releases 317 kg of CO2 – http://numero57.net/?p=255.
There are roughly 7 barrels to the tonne , giving an approximation of 2219kg CO2 , or 605 kg of carbon .
So the carbon content of official known reserves of coal , gas and oil amounts to :
848 x 0.746 = 633
+
177,000 x 0.00049 = 87
+
162 x 0.605 = 98
Total conventional fossil fuel reserves therefore contain 818 billion tonnes of carbon .
11 . Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research , ibid .
12 . 667/3000 .
The Obama administration told a federal judge Friday the $ 1.92 million jury verdict against a Minnesota woman for sharing 24 music tracks on Kazaa was constitutionally sound , despite defense claims it was unconstitutionally excessive .
After the June verdict against Jammie Thomas - Rasset , defense attorneys urged U.S. District Judge Michael Davis to set it aside or reduce dramatically the $ 80,000 - per-song award , arguing it was " excessive , shocking and monstrous . "
In response to that challenge to the Copyright Act , which allows damages up to $ 150,000 per song , the Justice Department told Davis in a 26 - page brief that the verdict should not be overturned on grounds it was unconstitutionally excessive .
" The current damages range provides compensation for copyright owners because , * inter alia* , there exists situations in which actual damages are hard to quantify , " the government wrote .
" Furthermore , in establishing that range , Congress took into account the need to deter the millions of users of new media from infringing copyrights ( . pdf ) in an environment where many violators believe that they will go unnoticed . "
At the time of the Minnesota verdict , Thomas - Rasset , 32 , was the nation 's only file - sharing defendant to go before a jury out of the 30,000 - plus cases brought by the Recording Industry Association of America the past five years .
Most all defendants settled out of court for a few thousand dollars .
Trial for the second defendant to go before a jury ended last month with a $ 675,000 verdict in favor of the RIAA for sharing 30 songs online .
It is not unusual for the government to weigh into a case in which the constitutionality of the law is at issue .
The Obama administration , and the Bush administration have weighed in on lawsuits in which the Copyright Act was under the microscope – always in support of the law .
But Friday 's filing was the first time the government announced that an eye - popping $ 80,000 per track in damages was not excessive .
Thomas - Rasset must navigate bumpy legal terrain to convince Judge Davis to declare the Copyright Act unconstitutional .
After Thomas - Rasset 's first trial in 2007 , in which Davis declared a mistrial because of an error in a jury instruction , the judge noted that the original verdict of $ 222,000 for the same 24 songs was ridiculous but nevertheless suggested Congress should change the law .
Most important , Thomas - Rasset 's claim of a so - called due process violation is likely to fail .
That 's because Thomas - Rasset most likely was not the victim of a " due process " violation " under U.S. legal precedent .
The law clearly stated that her conduct could result in fines of as little as $ 750 up to $ 150,000 an infringement .
( Due process generally means having advance notice of the trouble one can get into for unlawful conduct . )
Sensing a losing position , the defendant 's lawyers told Judge Davis last month that , " even if the statutory damages provision of the Copyright Act is constitutional , the jury 's application of it in this case is excessive , shocking , and monstrous . "
They suggested the judge reduce the fine to the minimum $ 750 per song if he does n't order a new jury to retry a new damages award .
Photo : Marmadon
See Also :
Astronaut Charles Conrad Jr , commander of the Apollo 12 mission , on the surface of the moon .
He has lunar soil on his spacesuit , especially around the knees and below ( Image : Johnson Space Center Collection , NASA )
EVER since a 1998 space shuttle experiment saw what appeared to be an anomalously heavy variety of matter , the hunt has been on for more of the same .
Now , a search of lunar soil for so - called “ strange matter ” has come up short , casting doubt on whether it exists at all .
The standard model of particle physics describes six types of quark , including the up and …
There ’s the oft - repeated factoid that the Indians used every part of a buffalo when they killed it .
The Danes are learning from their example :
But in one area , greenery might be taken to excess .
Denmark ’s crematorium association has revealed its profitable sideline in recycling metal parts salvaged from the dead .
Burnt bodies leave knee or hip replacements that can be recycled as scrap metal , says Allan Vest , the association ’s chairman .
Since 2006 the country ’s 31 crematoriums have earned DKr 77,762 ( $ 15,000 ) from 4,810kg of salvaged metal sold to a Dutch recycler .
When the ecclesiastical ministry changed the law to allow such recycling in 2005 , it barred the reuse of such spare parts in works of art .
But it did not say anything about telling relatives about the fate of a deceased .
This is not a problem , says Mr Vest ; recycling is good for the environment .
That principle underlies a second practice : recycling crematorium heat .
Earlier this year , 15 crematoriums said they favoured sending waste heat into district - heating systems .
This is because new regulations , due to come into force in 2011 , will require crematoriums to filter out toxic substances such as dioxins and mercury from waste gases .
To do this the crematoriums must use water to cool chimney gases from around 800 °C to 180°C .
It is the excess energy from the cooling process that crematoriums want to capture .
“ Anyone with an ideology will always be an intellectual pygmy . ”
— conversation with a friend on the vast shortcomings of the herd
“ And that , my liege , is how we know the earth to be banana shaped . ”
— Monty Python and the Holy Grail
FPP ( Jack ’s definition ) : A cognitive observation … the unfortunate tendency to personalize the impersonal when ambushed by an insufferably obtuse point of view .
In application , the principle of relating egregious slights away from the emotionally charged perspective of self and back towards the neutral ground of “ general human condition ” – adjusting upward and outward to maintain a sense of calm and equanimity .
A rational , practical means of focus shift and attitude ( altitude ) adjustment … more simply , an enlightened cognitive response to the depositing of guano on one ’s wind shield .
Much like Jack ’s Amazon.com wish list of books to one day read , the “ queue ” of potential Metaprocess posts has already grown longer than his arm , and now shows clear sign of lengthening indefinitely over time .
The thing is , most of these post ideas lean towards the long side – as does Jack ’s writing style in general , in case you have n’t noticed – making them more appropriate for noodling over on lazy weekends ( versus weekdays when financial markets are open ) .
There is also a rough order forming , as certain topics and concepts will make more sense presented in a certain order as the whole “ Metaprocess ” idea is further explained .
And yet , sometimes a topic cries out for quick addressing … part of the whole blog - as - catharsis , getting - something - off - one ’s - mind thing .
Every once in a while , needs must .
The Obtuse Will Always Be With Us
There are stupid people , and then there are obtuse people .
To be obtuse is the far more lamentable thing , in Jack ’s estimation , because stupidity can’t always be helped ( and in its true form is often harmless ) .
Obtuseness , on the other hand , is a long time epidemic among those who are supposedly “ educated ” or “ smart . ”
One might say it is the curse of the educated and semi-educated alike :
a. Lacking quickness of perception or intellect .
b. Characterized by a lack of intelligence or sensitivity : an obtuse remark .
It has been said that “ the poor will always be with us . ”
Jack submits that so , too , will the obtuse .
Unjustifiably arrogant people , in all walks of life and possessing all degrees of learning , have been spouting jackassery ever since man learned to talk .
Monty Python encapsulates this truth with the classic “ witch ” scene , an all - too - trenchant commentary on the uber - confident application of poor reasoning :
Sir Bedevere :
What makes you think she ’s a witch ?
Peasant 3 : Well , she turned me into a newt !
Sir Bedevere : A newt ?
Peasant 3 : [ meekly after a long pause ] … I got better .
Crowd : [ shouts ]
Burn her anyway !
The sheer ubiquity of obtusitude really hit home for Jack a few years ago , in the midst of reading “ A Short History of Nearly Everything ” by Bill Bryson .
The Bryson book was wonderful – no obtuse fellow he – but what struck Jack was just how awful so many scientists have been to each other down through the ages .
These supposed pinnacles of objectivity , these ideal seekers of truth , turn out to be a bunch of back - biting hotheads in all too many instances when one group ’s pet theory is challenged by an outsider ’s hostile line of thought .
Acclaimed physicist ( and Nobel Prize Winner ) Leon Lederman further underscores this notion in his surprisingly funny book , The God Particle : If the Universe is the Answer , What is the Question ?.
In the book , Dr. Lederman reveals something Jack long suspected … that even in a discipline as whiz - bang smart as physics , plenty of PhDs are flat - out thick as bricks .
( So how does a plodding dullard go about getting a PhD , one might ask ?
According to Lederman , by way of sheer “ Sitzfleisch , ” a yiddish term that translates as “ flesh for sitting . ” )
Let it be said , Jack did not intend to go on an unscheduled rant against scientists here .
Quite the opposite in fact .
It is rather the observation that even the truth - pursuing scientific community – a veritable beacon of rationality and applause - worthy ideals compared with most other facets of intellectual life – is well nigh infested with table - pounding obtusitude .
If wonderful , beautiful science can be corrupted to a notable and lamentable degree , then there is no getting away from it … the dullards must be everywhere .
This is partly a function of sheer numbers , Jack hypothesizes .
If one were to construct a venn diagram indicating rough approximations of creativity , arrogance and intellectual depth in the human population , creativity and depth would be in vanishingly short supply .
Arrogance , on the other hand , would dominate via its ability to flourish at both ends of the intellectual spectrum .
( Picture academic ivory tower economists at one extreme , Sarah Palin supporters at the other . )
The Dunning - Kruger Effect
It is the unfortunately large overlapped area of low creativity , low intellectual depth and high arrogance tendencies where obtusity throbs .
And the impact of the obtuse on the rest of us is made immeasurably worse by something known as the Dunning - Kruger Effect .
To wit ,
The Dunning –Kruger effect is an example of cognitive bias in which “ people reach erroneous conclusions and make unfortunate choices but their incompetence robs them of the metacognitive ability to realize it ” .
[ 1 ]
They therefore suffer an illusory superiority , rating their own ability as above average .
This leads to a perverse result where less competent people will rate their own ability higher than relatively more competent people .
It also explains why actual competence may weaken self - confidence because competent individuals falsely assume that others have an equivalent understanding .
“ Thus , the miscalibration of the incompetent stems from an error about the self , whereas the miscalibration of the highly competent stems from an error about others . ” [ 1 ]
In sum , the Dunning - Kruger effect is about dullards being too dull to know they are dullards .
According to Dunning and Kruger your insufferable boor of a brother in law , who sounds like a pompous ass every time he opens his mouth , may actually be incapable of detecting his own pompousness due to a paucity of the necessary skills .
( So have pity on the poor bastard … he just has n’t got the tools . )
Guano on the Wind Shield
And what does this have to do with the “ Fallacy of Personal Proximity ? ”
Well , we ’re getting round to that …
The thing about obtuse people ( and obtuse viewpoints ) is their sheer ubiquity .
One can hardly swing a dead cat without hitting someone in the midst of spouting off with great authority on some topic of which they do n’t know Jack .
( No pun intended . )
There are certain steps one can take to mitigate this unfortunate ubiquity of obtusitude – like giving up cable TV , for instance ( something Jack did in 1999 ) .
But , realistically , there is no way to fully isolate one ’s self without a full withdrawal from general society , hardly an advisable thing .
A more lighthearted way to look at it , in Jack ’s view , is like bird shit on the wind shield of one ’s car .
If one is driving along , enjoying a beautiful afternoon on the open road , the intrusion of some especially egregious bit of nonsense is a bit like an avian bomber taking aim at the front of one ’s automobile .
The thing to do , then , is to cheerily wipe off the guano ( when access to a service station permits ) and just keep on keeping along .
After all , the vast majority of obtuse utterances rate just below bird crap in terms of lasting significance .
But sometimes this is harder said than done , yes ?
It seems the unfortunate case that some people , in their irritating combination of smugness , pomposity and big - mouthed pinheadedness , can just make us damned mad .
This is for the most part illogical because , when it comes down to it , getting angry at the hapless spoutings of an obtuse person has about as much useful long - term effect as raging at the offending pigeon or sea gull as it flies away .
Even whipping out a slingshot and nailing the bird would be of little point ; there are , for all intents and purposes , an infinite number of guano - depositing bird - brains in circulation .
The Fallacy Applied
And so , the “ Fallacy of Personal Proximity ” ( as roughly defined in the intro ) is a term of Jack ’s own invention , created in pragmatic response to the dilemma as just outlined .
Applying the fallacy is a matter of logical attitude adjustment … a means of using the intellect to calmly subdue and defuse the impractical uprisings of the emotional self .
Here are the basic points :
• The obtuse will always be with us .
Arrogance plus ignorance will never go away .
• The obtuse are legion .
As with feral pigeons in Manhattan , they roam the earth in great number .
• Via the Dunning - Kruger effect , we are reminded that most people suffering from obtusitude do not even know they are obtuse .
They lack the proper tools for self - diagnosis .
• Timeless , legion , unaware : these traits underscore just how much obtusity is an outgrowth of the general human condition and little more .
• The Fallacy of Personal Proximity , then , recognizes the lack of personal dynamic in this whole picture .
We are sorely tempted to take the spoutings of the obtuse individual personally … to make their perceived incorrectness or deceptiveness or ugliness our problem , our issue , our cross to bear .
From a more removed personal utility perspective , this usually does not make sense .
How exactly might “ the Fallacy of Personal Proximity ” apply on a pragmatic level , then ?
Where is the utility in day to day life ?
Jack is so glad you asked …
Let us return , again , to your hopeless ass of a brother - in - law .
Picture a family get together where , as usual , he is dominating the conversation with some ill - thought political view that strikes you as bile - worthy .
Worse still , he is presenting this bit of troglodyte pap as if it were the only rational , acceptable way for thinking folk to see the world … and , as if that were n’t enough , underscoring his blather with infuriatingly patronizing phrases like “ The reason , of course , is because ” and “ It ’s so obvious , as anyone can see , ” when the only truly obvious thing is that so - and - so is an utter nincompoop .
Under normal circumstances , one might be tempted to :
1 ) start a shouting match , accomplishing nothing except the upsetting of various grandmothers , aunts etc .
2 ) entertain fruitless , bitter fantasies of punching so - and - so in the face
3 ) stomp off in annoyance at yet another gathering “ ruined ” by Pigeon - Zilla crapping all over everything .
The FPP alternative , in contrast , might foster an internal dialogue that runs something like this :
Surprise surprise , so - and - so is being a certified jackass / moron / jerk once again … but so what ?
The world is chock - a- block with jackasses .
Ugly , obtuse , ill - informed opinions are more numerous than starfish on a beach – on a hundred thousand beaches for that matter – and such dogma is spewed forth in sewage - pipe quantities every single day , from mouths and bully pulpits far larger than this one .
So why should I care in this singular instance ?
Why am I so inclined to give a rip ?
Because my emotional side has been seduced by the Fallacy of Personal Proximity .
Simply because this particular rant is happening within earshot , because I am nearby and hearing it , my inner crusader is illogically tempted to take up the Don Quixote sword .
Would I care so much if such tripe were merely posted randomly on the internet ?
I think not …
So - and - so may be a poop - flinging chimp , but who cares – “ the obtuse will always be with us . ”
In reflecting on the general human condition , I can recognize that my real objection , if I choose to hold on to one , is not with this particular unreachable individual but with some higher aspect of reality and existence that is not to my liking .
And what ’s the point in having a beef with the universe ?
Better to chuckle at the human condition ( rather than lament it ) and just let this go …
There are a number of related concepts to consider here too , such as the freeing observation that we are all better off being humble … or that perspectives on quality in regard to points of view often come down to aesthetics and personal narrative more than anything else … but those particular fish can be fried another day .
Operation catharsis successful , normal routines now resuming .
p.s. Good advice from Modest Mouse ?
p.p.s.
Jack is aware that “ obtusitude ” is not , strictly speaking , a legitimate word .
( Damned handy one though . )
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Remember back in the day when just about everything garnered a new type of cereal ?
Well , not ‘ NEW ’ per se , but more or less a re-hashing of a failed or discontinued cereal really similar to the one being marketed .
I mean let ’s face it , how many honest to goodness strikingly fantastic cereal flavors were there , really ?
Let ’s see : we ’ve got sweetened corn puff style , chocolate , strawberry , and … chocolatey strawberry -y ?
Yeah , nothing really on - the - edge or hyper - exciting there .
Well , regardless , back in the eighties and early nineties , the breakfast marketplace was inundated with new ‘ Entertainment - Themed ’ cereals , and we here at Gunaxin love our cereals , enough so that we ’ve done this many other cereal things and are hereby cornering the subject forever !
The Story Behind Some Favorite Cereals , Top Cereal Mascots , and A Tribute to Discontinued Cereals .
But look , there ’s even more fun cereal facts to fawn over !
Grab a bowl of Urkel - O ’s and enjoy !
12 Ghostbusters Ralston Purina
Like the Ray Parker Jr. movie theme or not , this breakfast - based parody will pretty much hang around in your head for the rest of the day .
You ’re welcome .
11 Spider - Man Ralston Purina
By no means a market reach from the recent series of blockbuster films , this box - o - webby goodness came about thanks to the popularity of the never convoluted comic book .
No , never convoluted .
10 Strawberry Shortcake General Mills
When a toy company releases a set of dolls that so perfectly match the scents of the very fruits they ’re made to homage , there is no other recourse but to make a food soon after , lest kids eat the actual toys .
Oh , and I tried .
9 Pac - Man General Mills
I honestly wish I could toss out some witty phrasing to accurately describe this cereal , but nothing would do it its due justice like the commercial .
8 Batman Ralston Purina
I can just hear Michael Keaton now : “ I am… cereal . ”
7 Fruity and Cocoa Pebbles Post
When you ’re as long - lived a cartoon as the Flintstones , it really was only a matter of time before you have your own cereal .
It was either that or packs of cigarettes ( they were , after all , the first promotion from the show ) .
6 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Ralston Purina
They could have gone with wagon wheel - like pizza shapes , or , wagon wheel - like manhole covers .
But no .
They went with creepy grinning turtle faces .
Yum .
5 Mr. T Cereal Quaker
“ I pity the fool that do n’t eat my damn cereal ! ”
4 Gremlins Ralston Purina
It would be far too easy to insert a joke about feeding this cereal to your Mogwai after midnight … and so it goes .
3 Nintendo Ralston Purina
The meeting was called to order .
Not ten minutes later , Ted waltzed out of the boardroom with a huge grin splayed across his face .
“ I ca n’t believe they went with Cereal SYSTEM !
Man , what a bunch of morons ! ”
2 G.I. Joe ’s Kellogg’s
If you did n’t shove your mother out the door to grab a few boxes of this when you were a kid , then you , sir or madam , were NOT a G.I .
Joe fan .
Sorry .
1 Bill and Ted ’s Ralston Purina
I ’m sorry , but any other cereal you can come up with ca n’t even come close to the all out awesomeness of this one .
Taste aside , this ad is something to behold .
I do remember eating it , though , and , well … not so good .
And Now By POPULAR ( see : scathing ) DEMAND : It ’s Smurfberry Crunch , C - 3P0 ’s , and now , ET !
Now it ’s a complete breakfast !
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Friday , September 11 , 2009 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Firefox Advice Posted by Sean @ 08:16 GMT Firefox 3.5.3 was released on September 9th .
If you 're using Firefox , you 've probably already been prompted to update .
While updating Firefox on one of our internal demo computers , we received this prompt :
And since we keep Flash up - to - date on our production machines , we 've never really noticed this before .
So Firefox " nags " that Flash should be updated � kudos to Firefox .
Update both versions while you 're at it .
Public outrage weakened BART strike threat LABOR AND POLITICS
Jesse Hunt President of Amalgamated Transit Union Local 1555 based in Oakland stands in front of his members and family members at a press conference announcing their members will go on strike Monday morning .
BART board of directors voted unanimously Thursday Aug 13 , 2009 to immediately impose work rules on its train operators and station agents .
less Jesse Hunt President of Amalgamated Transit Union Local 1555 based in Oakland stands in front of his members and family members at a press conference announcing their members will go on strike Monday morning .
... more Photo : Lance Iversen , The Chronicle Photo : Lance Iversen , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Public outrage weakened BART strike threat 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
A wave of anger over a threatened BART strike , averted hours before a Monday walkout , carried a sobering message to employee unions and politicians :
In hard economic times , voters in the liberal Bay Area can run out of patience over the demands of organized labor .
The palpable outrage at the 900 rank - and - file members of the Amalgamated Transit Union Local 1555 - expressed in Internet forums and on SFGate.com , The Chronicle 's Web site - helped settle the impasse after politicians , other unions and political leaders pushed for a last - minute deal .
But the politics of the BART settlement present a challenge for powerful labor unions as candidates are shaping their messages for the governor 's race next year , experts say .
" A lot of anger reflects the uncertainty of the economy and the pain that a lot of people were already feeling , " UC Berkeley Professor Harley Shaiken , a labor expert who closely tracked the BART negotiations , said Monday .
Rather than seeing the strike threat as a sign of workers standing for their rights , he said , the public seemed to be saying , " ' They 're getting something while I 'm giving up something .
That makes me angry . ' "
' People are tired '
Barbara O'Connor , professor of political communication at Cal State Sacramento and a public - employee union member , said , " People are tired .
They really want to feel that anybody affiliated with government is sharing their pain ... and that is permeating town halls on health care . "
In California , where the state budget crisis has dominated headlines and cutbacks have included social services , health care and state parks , voters " are getting angrier , " she said .
" They see fires , no deal on water , jobs getting worse ... and then someone does something that gores their ox . "
Still backing labor
Attorney General Jerry Brown and San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom , two candidates expected to compete for the Democratic nomination for governor , appeared before the powerful SEIU United Service Workers
West conference over the weekend and promised to be " warriors " for labor .
Among 2010 GOP gubernatorial hopefuls , former eBay CEO Meg Whitman has promised to " run California like a business " and said she 'd lay off as many as 30,000 state workers if elected .
Former South Bay Rep.
Tom Campbell said he would get state workers to agree to 15 percent givebacks to balance the state budget , and Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner has promised to rake through the budget to rid it of waste , fraud and abuse in staffing and pensions .
" The Republicans will say , ' Let 's not coddle unions ; tough leaders for tough times , ' " said Shaiken .
" The Democrats will have to answer , ' Let 's protect the middle class ; there 's plenty of pain to go around . ' "
But some California voters say they got a different message from labor when the BART strike seemed probable .
" We 're in the worst recession - almost a depression - and they are going on strike ? "
Chronicle reader Mark Aumann wrote last week .
" I would welcome the opportunity to have ... a nice stable job with great benefits and a pension .
They are lucky to have a job - and I do n't get why they feel such an entitlement . "
Art Pulaski , who heads the California Labor Federation AFL - CIO , acknowledged that strikes are never easy decisions , especially in tough times .
But Pulaski , who was deeply involved in settlement talks , said the BART difficulties dramatized how " especially in economic times like these , we as a labor movement are working very hard ... fighting for decent wages , for everybody to have health care and a pension , " he said .
" We 're engaged in a strategy to protect the middle class . "
Sensitivity needed
Still , O'Connor advises that in the current economic times , labor may have to be especially sensitive to its message .
" Labor unions would be wise to not argue self - interest , " she said .
" Despite the fact that they too are hurt - many of them are furloughed workers - people do n't want to hear it because of prior years of large spending .
" They may just have to swallow hard and go easy .
Otherwise , the agenda - setters , particularly the Democrats , may be in trouble . "
Marc Ambinder seems to think the tea - bagger effort to shut down Democratic town hall meetings is just working from the Dems 2005 anti-Social Security privatization playbook .
Really ?
I watched those events unfold pretty closely .
And what the Dems did in 2005 consisted almost entirely of protest outside town halls and anti-privatization activists trying to get into the meetings to ask questions to pin members of Congress down on their position .
What made it so uncomfortable for Republican and some Democratic members of Congress is that they got questions they did n’t want to answer .
Did some meetings get heated ?
Sure .
But these were n’t organized attempts to shut down the meetings themselves .
Does Marc remember what happened four years ago ?
I was gone for two weeks and you opened comments ?
Good thinking .
I was happy to see them .
Sorry I ’ve been away .
It was n’t for cause , more that I had guests enough that I got all my talking in .
I did n’t feel a strong need to write .
I will write up five pieces of advice ; how I love to give advice .
But first I want to tell you what I saw last week .
Sherry , I saw the most wonderful dance performance on Thursday .
Chris had emailed me , told me not to miss it .
I am pretty skeptical about the overlap between Chris ’s tastes and mine .
When he lived with me over the winter , we spent several evenings listening to music .
I ’d play stuff and he ’d think it was simplistic pop .
So I told him to play stuff and he ’d play me the most garbled , atonal , difficult pieces .
He ’d be selecting them with me in mind and it was all I could do to not burst out laughing .
Are you kidding ?
Is this , like , farce about our different tastes ?
Are you deliberately picking incredibly noisy unpleasant pieces to test me ?
Are you joking to see if I will fall for it ?
But he was serious and would have been hurt if I ’d said that1 .
I gently asked if he was doing ironic commentary and he said , no no .
He really thought I might like this song .
Mmmm , I said .
I did like that , um , transition , for six seconds or so .
So I worry a lot little about Chris ’s recommendations .
But he was so right about the dance he sent us to see .
If I could , I would tell you to get on a plane quick - quick to come see it .
But the run is sold out , so you ’ll have to make do with my inadequate description .
It was so very sweet .
Scott Wells directed ten ( ? ) male dancers in four pieces ; the show was called What Men Want .
I am naturally very curious about what men want , and I surely hope it was what I saw this troupe perform .
Men apparently want to touch each other , and leap high , catch and throw each other .
They toss balls in complicated patterns .
I do n’t think I ’m up to describing the gentler pieces , but the funny dances caught something I ’ve seen men do a lot .
Men cheer for each other .
In the third piece , while two of the dancers performed , the rest formed a half - circle and cheered for them .
“ Yah !
Nice leap !
Oh , way to go , good contact YEAH !
High jump , high jump …
HIT IT , YEAH ! ”
It was wonderful and touched on something I ’ve seen my whole life .
Perhaps men do n’t do all the cuddling they yearn for inside2 , but they do cheer for each other .
I ca n’t be entirely positive , because it possible that my presence changes everything , but I have been the only girl in the room on and off my entire life .
I ’ve logged hundreds of hours in groups of men ; I believe they acclimated to my presence .
If so , I have seen their behavior in the wild , observed them in their natural habitat .
At least in the sports and the engineering programs I ’ve seen , men are nice to each other .
There ’s shit - giving , rarely actually mean , and a lot of teaching and enthusiasm for accomplishments or trying all out .
I see a lot of scaling , so that they cheer for people relative to their usual abilities .
There ’s a stereotype that men are n’t good at emotional support , but if you know what you are looking at , masculine support permeates pick - up games and gyms .
The dance director has obviously seen it too , so maybe it also lives in dance studios .
The last dance piece was a very funny riff on martial arts classes , the warm - up and exercises .
They danced through a warm - up , with one guy taking on the Instructor tone of voice .
He led them through hip - circles and hip - figure - eights while saying things like “ We ’re gonna explore the pelvis today , really use it . ”
Oh man , the canonical warm - up .
I ’ve done that so very many times .
I ’ve Explored My Space or Connected to the Ground .
I myself have used the officious voice of leading warm - up .
I ’ve sincerely told people to Use The Breath .
For me at least , it was so familiar it only had to be the slightest bit stylized to crack me up ; I was laughing hard by the time he said “ We ’re gonna walk that pelvis around the room ” as they all did silly walks with hip figure - eights .
I ’ll be walking my pelvis around the room for the next week or two .
I ’ve only told you the least of it , the funny parts , and I always think that it is very hard to re-tell stories in ways that capture most of what went on .
Anyway , hon , that ’s what I did one night last week .
I was felt very urban , taking BART to a small art -y dance show , wearing boots and a skirt .
Better even , it was a wonderful show .
Wish we could go to shows together .
The frequencies that will be used for digital tv transmission over the air are the VHF high band ( Ch 7 thru 13 ) and UHF ( ch 14-69 ) .
The low band VHF will be allocated to telecom use , which that part of the spectrum has already been auctioned off .
In order for sub - carriers to work , the receiver must be able to receive them , ie .. must have the circutry to be able to tune to those subcarriers .
The digital tv standards that comprise the system being used only has so much it can carry , as well as the receivers being built to only decode what the standards are .
For example , lets say xyz covert co. wants to transmit some extra sub signal over Fox network .
Well first they have to find an empty slot or data chunk that can squeeze into the data stream , and insert that without altering the decoding at the individual tv stations re-transmitting the network on their channels , plus not mess up people 's digital tv decoding circutry at the same time .
Plus they would have to rely on manufacturers of tv receivers putting in the extra capacity to decode the extra data chunks ( bits ) .
Since the adopted standard for digital tv transmission cant be changed this late in the game , xyz covert co. is SOL simply because there is no way to add any extra sub channels to an already filled allotment of bandwidth usage and the limit built into each receiver .
What could be done is lets say Fox there isnt transmitting 5.1 surround during a news program or other program .
At that point , since receivers can decode 5.1 , and they are only using 2 or 1 audio channels at that time , the remaining 4 could be used for something else .
For the video , putting in 1 frame per every 30 or 60 is one way to do subliminal messaging .
1 frame passing every 30 frames per second is like seeing something in the wink of an eye .
You probably wont see it but your mind will .
Now this kind of stuff can also be done through the analog world .
But if there is any xyz covert co. out there wanting to do this , they have already been doing it and the digital switch over come Feb 17th is irrelavent because it is already happening .
But since these kinds of things can be measured , analog or digital , and it only takes a simply oscilliscope to measure it , xyz covert co. would still have a very difficult time masknig their dirty deed from the ones out in the general public with the ability to detect it and record it and then bring it to the public 's notice .
I really do not think that there is anything to worry about , particularly the Feb 17th switch over date .
All it really amounts to is that on that day , the old analog broadcast signals for television will simply be turned off for good .
Cheers !!!!
Welcome to ME to WE
ME to WE is an innovative social enterprise that provides products that make an impact , empowering people to change the world with their everyday consumer choices .
ABOUT ME TO WE
Teenage marriage is becoming more common in the society and figures show that the number of teen marriages have increased significantly .
However , teenage marriage is not that easy to cope with because it is associated with many difficulties .
Research indicates that teens who marry are more likely to get divorced within 15 years , are more likely to drop out from school and have a higher percentage of not finishing college .
It is also associated with higher unemployment rates and higher crime rates .
Aside from these , studies also indicate that women who marry during their teen years are more prone to abuse ( Dahl , 2005 ) .
Unwanted teen pregnancy often results in teen marriage and this could lead to poverty because as adolescents , they do not have the full capacity to support a family .
The partners would have a hard time looking for a well - paying job to support a family because of the absence of a diploma .
Young mothers who in turn decide to marry have a higher tendency to have a rapid second child birth .
Results of one study indicated a connection between living with a partner or a husband and a higher likelihood of successive pregnancies ( Seiler , 2002 ) .
Many teens also decide to marry early to escape homes that prove to be abusive or problematic ( Seiler , 2002 ) .
Teens have a tendency to become rebellious depending on the environment that they are exposed to and this rebellion sometimes lead to premarital sex which could eventually result in unwanted pregnancy and marriage .
Living in poverty would affect the future offspring of the teenage couple .
The health and psychological states of their children would be affected .
Teen marriage has also been attributed to crime because of poverty .
These children are often also victims of neglect and abuse because of the many problems that come with teen marriage ( Dahl , 2005 ) .
Teen marriage also contributes to the grave problem of overpopulation because teen couples often produce more children and from overpopulation sprouts other problems that threaten the society and hinder economic growth .
One aspect that could prevent teenage marriage is preventing teenage pregnancy because out - of - wedlock teen pregnancies often lead to early and unplanned marriage .
Due to the pregnancy , the boys feel that they have a responsibility to marry the girls because it is what seems proper .
When the marriage is already there , the problems associated with teen marriage sprout one by one .
The Department of Health and Human Services is showing efforts to reduce teen pregnancies through abstinence from sex .
The department initiated programs such as the abstinence education program , grants for community - based abstinence education , adolescent family life program , community coalition prevention demonstrations , and school - based prevention work groups , among others ( U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , 2002 ) .
Teenagers should take into account that marriage comes with a lot of responsibilities and that handling these responsibilities is not an easy task .
Aside from that , they would be an added burden to the society .
Teenagers should be wise enough to consider the implications of marrying and not being able to finish college .
To reduce teen marriage , teen pregnancy must be prevented .
ReferencesDahl , Gordon B. 2005 May. Early Teen Marriage and Future Poverty .
National Bureau of Economic Research .
3 - 5 . Retrieved March 27 , 2008 from , http://www.nber.org/papers/w11328.pdfSeiler, Naomi . 2002 April .
Is Teen Marriage a Solution .
Center for Law and Social Policy .
Retrieved March 27 , 2008 from , www.clasp.org/publications/teenmariage02-20.pdfU.S.
Department of Health and Human Services . 10 June 2002 .
Preventing Teenage Pregnancy .
Retrieved March 27 , 2008 from , http://www.policyalmanac.org/health/archive/hhs_teenage_pregnancy.shtml
- Andrew
Generally pretty good - so far the best outsource company we have used from India .
We would use you again .
By Graham Milner
August 16 , 2009 -- The Industrial Revolution began in England , and the emergence of the industrial working class brought to the fore a new social and political force in world history .
The bloody events of 190 years ago , on August 16 , 1819 , when a mass workers ' protest in Manchester demanding political reform and labour rights was broken up by the army , with considerable loss of life , stand out as a stark warning to socialist activists everywhere that the ruling classes will react with violence and terror when their power and privileges are challenged .
On August 16 , 1819 , mounted regular troops and yeomanry of the British army , acting on the instructions of government officials , attacked without warning a mass meeting of more 100,000 people drawn from the industrial centres of Lancashire in the north - west of England .
The meeting , held on St. Peter 's Field in the centre of Manchester , the major industrial city of Lancashire , had been organised as part of a national campaign to win a radical reform of the British parliament and to redress the economic grievances of working people .
More than 400 men , women and children were killed or seriously injured as a result of this ``action ' ' .
One of the cavalry units involved -- the 11th Hussars -- had been present at the Battle of Waterloo , which had occurred four years earlier .
As soon as the massacre became known to the public , the savage sobriquet ``Peterloo ' ' was universally adopted .
The August 16 massacre was one outcome of an extraordinarily powerful and determined agitation for social and political justice in England , which at times approached pre-revolutionary proportions .
The primary social force behind this mass agitation was the new working class .
Industrial Revolution
This new class , the industrial proletariat , emerged from the Industrial Revolution , a transformation of economic and social relations that began towards the end of the 18th century , primarily in parts of north - west England .
The cradle of this revolution was in fact south - east Lancashire , and Manchester in particular .
Here , technological innovations developed in the latter third of the 18th century , such as the steam engine , the power loom and the spinning jenny , were applied to the previously dispersed , domestic - based cotton industry then in existence .
The ``putting - out '' system , whereby spinners and weavers worked at home at more or less their own pace , was replaced by vast factories employing hundreds or thousands of workers .
The new machine industry was concentrated in these factories .
Raw materials and fuel for the machines came from the coal and iron extraction industries then emerging in other parts of England , Scotland and Wales .
Around the factories grew up large industrial towns such as Rochdale , Stockport , Oldham and Blackburn ; as well as the world 's first industrial city -- Manchester .
The previously existing social order broke up in Lancashire and other emergent industrial districts , and was replaced by a new one .
Ties of dependence descended from feudalism -- a deferential hierarchy linking ``masters '' and ``men ' ' ; the static , rigid order overseen by landlord and parson : all this was burst asunder and replaced by the cut - throat world of capitalist competition .
In these regions the whole pattern of life was revolutionised .
By 1800 , of English cities , Manchester was second only to London in size .
Near to the centre of Manchester , in large opulent houses , lived the new rich -- the capitalist factory owners .
Surrounding the factories , the workers and their families lived .
Many of these workers were ruined handloom weavers or hand spinners forced to seek work in factory towns like Manchester , as competition from cheap , machine - produced goods forced them out of their traditional occupations .
Many capitalists made quick fortunes raising jerry - built , back - to - back slums to house the workers .
Almost without exception these slums were overcrowded , damp , ill - lit , without sanitation , and without running water or gardens .
Many who sought employment were denied it by the frequent economic slumps that punctuated the evolution of capitalist industry .
Those who did find work were faced with ruthless exploitation and appalling working conditions .
Long hours -- 14 hours per day was usual -- abysmally low wages , child labour , and dangerous , unguarded machinery were the norm .
Sexual abuse of women by foremen and capitalists was rampant .
Immigrant workers , especially those from Ireland , fared particularly badly .
Class struggle
The new working class was by no means a ``dormant , passive mass ' ' in the face of these conditions of life and work .
It hit back at its oppressors in an increasingly intelligent , organised and effective way .
Working - class radicalism in England was on the rise when the French Revolution broke out in 1789 .
Jacobin democratic clubs sprang up across the country during the 1790s , inspired by the revolution in France and by widely circulated books such as Tom Paine 's The Rights of Man .
The government 's repression of domestic radicalism , which it combined with a reactionary war against the French republic , was strongly and widely opposed by workers .
The historian E.P. Thompson , in his book The Making of the English Working Class reveals how the English workers fought back during the period of the French wars , by organising unions and secret societies in defiance of the Combination Acts , and by burning the mills and smashing the machines that threatened their livelihoods .
By 1815 , the revolutionary ferment brewing underground burst forth in the mass radicalism that was to come to a head in 1819 .
At this time Manchester and its surrounding area was , among governing circles , considered to be the most ``turbulent and seditious '' in the country .
The mass radical movement as a national force directed itself towards achieving first political rights , and second social and economic justice .
``Political rights '' included first and foremost a democratic , representative parliament , and necessitated the sweeping away of ``Old Corruption ' ' .
Under that system bribery and patronage of electors were rife .
Old Sarem , which had been the parliamentary seat of William Pitt the Elder , consisted of a few tufts of grass , while Manchester , with its population of 200,000 , went unrepresented .
Repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts , under which religious minorities -- Jews , Roman Catholics and non-conformists in particular -- faced discrimination in public life , was another major issue .
Repeal of the anti-trade union Combination Acts , and of the monopolistic Corn Laws also were major foci of organised agitation .
The ongoing economic struggle for improved wages , shorter hours and better working conditions was made more imperative by the acute distress of the post - war years in England .
Industry and trade slumped .
Unemployment rose and was swelled by the return of demobilised troops from Continental Europe .
Wages fell .
Actual starvation faced many working - class communities .
Joseph Johnson , a shareholder in the radical newspaper the Manchester Observer , wrote of conditions in Manchester in 1819 , the year of Peterloo :
Everything is almost at a standstill , nothing but ruin and starvation stare one in the face .
The state of the district is truly dreadful .
The government in power at this time , that of the Tory Prime Minister Lord Liverpool , has been described as one of the most reactionary and repressive in British history .
It represented the interests of no more than a narrow ruling class of big landowners , London financiers and merchants .
Liverpool and his closest advisors were firmly convinced that England was on the brink of revolution .
Home Secretary Sidmouth , who had control of the police , the militia and army units stationed in England , had organised an elaborate network of spies to disrupt the radical movement .
Castlereagh , another of Liverpool 's ministers , had been instrumental in the suppression of the Irish rebellion of 1798 and the subsequent terror campaign and forced the union of Ireland with Britain .
Control of Manchester itself was in the hands of the descendents of the same local landed clique who had ruled this once small market town in pre-industrial times .
Landowners and clergymen dominated the local magistracy -- this body was to have direct responsibility for instigating the Peterloo massacre .
A local levy of merchants , manufacturers , publicans and shopkeepers , all rabid enemies of the working - class radical movement , formed the backbone of the ``Manchester and Salford Yeomanry Cavalry ' ' -- the body that charged into the assembly at St. Peter 's Field .
Mass movement
Although one of the powerhouses of the mass movement for radical reform was centred in the industrial districts of Lancashire , by 1819 a coordinated national effort was well under way , based on mass mobilisations in all the major cities .
1817 had witnessed a huge meeting of workers , mainly spinners and weavers , assembling on St. Peter 's Field to see off the famous ``March of the Blanketeers ' ' from Manchester to London .
The march sought redress of economic grievances .
1818 had been a year of mass strikes aimed at restoring falling wage levels .
These strikes showed a great capacity by workers for discipline and organisation , with meetings , marches and pickets in Manchester and Stockport .
A new feature of these actions was the increasing participation of women workers .
Union Societies were founded to develop basic education in the working class , and to circulate the ideas of radicalism in an organised way .
Women had their own separate Union Societies .
The workers ' press advanced the ideas of radicalism with imagination and tenacity .
Newspapers widely read by radicals and radical sympathisers included William Cobbett 's Political Register as well as The Black Dwarf .
A typical issue of the Manchester Observer , founded in 1818 , included alongside a demand for the impeachment of Sidmouth , coverage of the republican revolution in Venezuela .
Mass meetings for parliamentary reform , and for the repeal of the hated Corn Laws , which artificially inflated the price of bread , took place in Stockport and Manchester in the first half of 1819 .
By July thousands of workers had begun drilling on the moors and in the fields outside working - class districts in Lancashire .
The same thing occurred in other parts of the country .
In July as many as 2000 workers paraded in semi-military formation along the High Road from Manchester to Rochdale .
These preparations were primarily aimed at improving organisation for the planned August mass meeting at St. Peter 's Field , to which contingents from surrounding towns were to march .
The planned assembly in Manchester was part of a broader national effort for July - August 1819 , which organised large meetings in Birmingham , Leeds and London .
The reactionary oligarchy controlling the city of Manchester made preparations in league with Sidmouth and the national government for what amounted to the waging of civil war on the workers expected to pour into the centre of the city to demand reform of parliament .
In July the magistracy formed an ``Armed Association for the Preservation of the Peace ' ' and enrolled special constables .
Military units in the south - east Lancashire area were mobilised as part of a national military alert .
As soon as instructions came through , the yeomanry sent its sabres to be sharpened .
On the final weekend before the rally at St. Peter 's Field the city magistracy sat in almost continuous session to discuss ways and means of dealing with the mobilisation .
In the weeks before the St. Peter 's Field meeting , which as everyone expected would be the largest meeting ever seen in England , Manchester 's streets and buildings were covered with posters and placards , and thousands of leaflets and fliers were distributed .
The publicising of the assembly was a major achievement of communication and organisation .
Assembly points were announced from which people in the towns and districts surrounding Manchester could gather and from there march in disciplined contingents to the rally .
Peterloo massacre
August 16 in Lancashire was a lovely summer day with a cloudless sky and a hot sun shining .
There was a confident , cheerful and festive atmosphere as the contingents gathered and prepared to march .
Bands played , and the beautiful banners , woven and embroidered with great care , were unfurled .
Oldham 's banner was of pure white silk , emblazoned with the inscriptions : ``Universal Suffrage , Annual Parliaments -- Election by Ballot ' , and ``No Combination Acts : Oldham Union ' ' .
Saddleworth's was jet black , with the inscription ``Equal Representation or Death ' ' in white over two joined hands and a heart .
One of the banners carried by the Stockport contingent read : ``Success to the Female Reformers of Stockport ' ' .
Many red caps of liberty were carried .
When all the contingents had arrived and assembled in the centre of Manchester , something like 12 per cent of the population of the county of Lancashire , and over half that of its industrial south east were present .
It was the largest assembly England had ever seen .
As soon as all the contingents had filled St. Peter 's Field , to the point where , according to a contemporary report , people were packed in so tightly that ``their hats seemed to touch '' , the area was ringed by 1500 troops with cannon .
No one in the crowd , least of all the organisers , suspected that an attempt to physically disperse the meeting was planned .
Meetings such as this , even if smaller and without the same evident discipline and organisation , had been held many times before up and down the country .
The ensuing massacre was completely unexpected and unprovoked , and met with little organised resistance .
The city magistrates had even gone to the lengths in their preparations for the massacre of employing scavengers to remove every stone , brick or possible missile from the field and surrounding streets , so that the meeting 's participants were thus left entirely without defence .
Barely had Henry Hunt , the main featured speaker , begun to address the meeting when mounted troopers of the yeomanry charged the hustings to arrest him and others on the platform .
At first the crowd , which had not been aware of the presence of the troops , did not panic and Hunt shouted : ``Stand firm , my friends : there are only a few soldiers , and we are a host against them . ''
But as the yeomanry , many of whom were drunk , charged with sabres drawn , slashing and cutting their way through the crowd and trampling and crushing many people , chaos and panic gripped the field .
According to witnesses cited in Joyce Marlow 's account The Peterloo Massacre , the yeomanry , having tasted blood , went berserk .
They dragged the speakers and organisers from the hustings and would have killed Hunt had he not been quickly whisked away to jail .
The yeomanry continued to slash and cut indiscriminately at men , women and children alike , while smashing wagons and platforms , and tearing the banners and the caps of liberty .
The regular cavalry then moved onto the field to complete the work .
Hundreds more people suffered serious injuries from the slashing sabres and flying hooves , or were smothered under piles of falling bodies .
Ten minutes from the first charge it was all over .
Samuel Bamford , the Lancashire poet , described the scene
... the field was an open and almost deserted space .
The hustings remained , with a few broken and hewed flagstaves erect , and a torn and gashed banner or two drooping ; whilst over the whole field were strewed the caps , bonnets , hats , shawls and shoes and other parts of male and female dress ; trampled , torn and bloody .
The yeomanry had dismounted -- some were easing their horses ' girths and some were wiping their sabres .
Many more people were killed and maimed as the troops continued to ``disperse '' the crowd through surrounding streets .
That night one person was shot dead and several injured in clashes between soldiers and crowds of angry workers .
The government 's attitude was made clear by its total endorsement of the massacre .
The Prince Regent , then disporting himself on his yacht , made it known through Sidmouth what great satisfaction he had derived from the magistrate 's ``prompt , decisive and efficient measure for the preservation of public tranquillity ' ' .
Despite repeated and widely voiced demands for one , there never was an official inquiry into the Peterloo massacre .
Wave of anger
An immense wave of anger swept across England in the wake of the massacre .
The mass movement for reform was not appreciably set back by the Peterloo massacre .
A huge crowd estimated by the conservative Times at 300,000 lined the streets of London to greet Hunt after his release from jail .
Meetings were spurred all over England by the events at St. Peter 's Field , especially in the north - east counties , where more than 50,000 miners marched into Newcastle from surrounding districts .
Loyalist [ pro- government ] forces in this area began arming , and the pitmen took up arms to defend themselves .
In the months of October and November , according to Edward Thompson , workers across the country stocked pikes and other weapons to defend themselves and their meetings .
Drilling , and armed demonstrations , were reported in Newcastle , Wolverhampton , Wigan , Bolton and Blackburn .
Divisions within the radical movements 's leadership between constitutionalists and revolutionaries were not resolved , and this crisis of leadership , combined with renewed government repression and an economic upturn brought this early phase of mass working - class struggle to a close .
The events in Manchester on August 16 , 1819 however , will remain forever inscribed in the collective memory of the international working class .
Shelley 's poem `` The Masque of Anarchy '' was written just after Peterloo and its final stanza carries the fighting sentiments of thousands of workers :
Rise , like lions after slumber .
In unvanquishable number !
Shake your chains to earth like dew , Which in sleep had fallen on you !
Ye are many -- they are few !
[ Graham Milner is a member of the Socialist Alliance in Perth , Western Australia . ]
include " allhumortops.php " ; ?>
The Right - Wing Christian Dictionary ( Internet Flotsam )
Are you confused by the strange glossary of terms used by politically active right - wing Christians and organizations like Focus on the Family , the American Family Association , the Catholic Campaign for America , the Eagle Forum , Women Affirming Life , and the Christian Coalition ?
Wonder no more !
Abraham Lincoln Was a Republican when the party began 140 years ago , so he can be forgiven for freeing the slaves and suppressing the right of individual states to pass conservative laws without interference from Washington .
Note : this definition of " states ' rights " does not apply if said states pass liberal laws .
ACLU Evil , because they defend parts of the Bill of Rights .
See " NRA . "
Activist Anyone you disagree with .
Thus , " activist " judges , " activist " unions , " activist " school boards , and " activist " homosexuals .
Adam and Steve As in , " God created Adam and Eve , not Adam and Steve . "
A clever saying you can use whenever you want to prove how brilliant and original you are .
Agenda
All political objectives you oppose .
Democrats , liberals , feminists , environmentalists , and gays have " agendas . "
Right - wing politicians have " hopes " and " dreams " and " godly plans of action . "
Avoiding difficult questions
There are a number of techniques to help right - wing fundamentalists avoid difficult questions ( like , if the Bible is inerrant , why does Leviticus 11:6 claim that hares chew their cuds like cows ?
What about the hilarious scene in Exodus 17:8 - 11 ? ) .
These include : Repeat your original answer / argument using different language .
Example : " If you do n't agree with me , you 're going to Hell . "
" Please explain why you say that . "
" People who do n't believe in literal Biblical inerrancy are destined for eternal damnation . "
Use loaded language .
Example :
He 's not an abortionist , he 's a " baby - murderer . "
Rely exclusively on certain verses of the Bible , while ignoring any verses that contradict your position .
For example , Leviticus 20:13 says that male homosexuality is an abomination unto the Lord and a capital offense .
Leviticus 19:19 forbids cross- breeding , acne pimples , and wearing cotton - polyester blends ( or any other kind of fabric blends ) .
Make use of sweeping generalizations , particularly about the character and eventual destination of anyone who disagrees with you .
Resort to ad - hominem attacks .
If someone questions your logic , he is a godless liberal atheist who is destined for eternal damnation .
If the facts are against you , quote Scripture .
If Scripture is against you , it is being misinterpreted by your opponent , who is deceived ( q.v. ) .
If both facts and Scripture are against you , shout and pound on the table .
( This technique was invented by lawyers . )
Change the subject .
For example , someone says , " How can you say that Jesus is in favor of preemptive war ?
Did n't he go to his death rather than cause harm to any other human being ? "
Reply , " The Book of Revelation talks about — "
Hear no evil , see no evil , speak no evil .
If some fact might embarrass you , never reveal it .
If someone else does , suppress it , deny it , or mock it .
This is the Bush administration 's standard approach to science , particularly global warming .
Become incredulous and indignant ( the " how dare you ? " gambit ) .
Example : " How dare you suggest that innocent civilians incarcerated at abu Ghraib were tortured !
You are dishonoring our fine military .
You should be ashamed of yourself . "
This tactic worked so well on Congressman Dick Durban ( who suggested that the many verified reports of torture and abuse in Iraq , Afghanistan , and abu Ghraib sounded like something out of Nazi Germany rather than the United States ) that he actually ended up apologizing for offending our fine military .
Denounce any fact that contradicts your position as a scurrilous rumor or a wild accusation .
Use a straw man .
Find or create a piece of your opponent 's argument that you can easily knock down to make yourself look good and the opponent to look bad .
Example : " People who believe in the theory of evolution believe that God does not exist , and therefore did not create the Universe , natural selection , or anything else . "
Resort to name - calling and ridicule .
Anyone who opposes you is by definition a godless Commie liberal homosexual - loving bigot destined for eternal damnation .
Hit and run .
Responding to an opponent 's questions and criticisms merely dignifies his / her position .
Question the other person 's motives .
Twist or amplify any fact to make it appear that your opponent is biased , out only to fulfill his / her personal agenda .
Force your opponent onto the defensive .
" I guess you just hate Jesus , do n't you ? "
Invoke authority .
If you can't come up with support from the Bible for your position , surely some fundamentalist " scholar " has written something .
" He 's the dean of the Closed Minds School of Theology , obviously he knows more than you do about the subject . "
Play dumb .
Whatever your opponent says , reply , " You 're not making the slightest bit of sense .
You have no idea what logic is .
You do n't have any facts to support you . "
Associate your opponent 's charges with old news .
( This is a variation on the straw man argument . )
For example , if someone asks whether Jesus would approve of torturing someone to compel him to tell you what you want to hear , say , " That 's ancient history , and anyway , all the torture was carried out by privates and corporals . "
Take the " high road . "
Confess that you made some minor mistake but that your opponent is blowing it out of all proportion , charging you with much worse mistakes or crimes that are simply not true .
Example : " So I slipped in calling a first - month miscarriage a ' baby - killing . ' "
Remember , it 's all about your opponent 's weaknesses .
Paint the entire affair as too complex to understand .
" The Lord moves in mysterious ways . "
Reason backwards .
" If there were any evidence that George W. Bush wanted to go to Iraq so he could finish the job his father started , only more successfully , the media would have uncovered it .
Therefore , he wanted to go to Iraq because Saddam was behind 9/11 , just as Bush said he was . "
Demand that your opponent provide a complete solution to your problem .
Example : " Since you know so much , prove to me how an irreducibly complex system like a human being could ' just happen . ' "
problem .
Example : " Since you know so much , prove to me how an irreducibly complex system like a human being could ' just happen . ' "
Fit the facts to your conclusion .
" I am a physician , and I spent about half an hour looking at a several - years - old , heavily doctored videotape of the patient .
She is not in a persistent vegetative state " — as subsequent facts proved — " so people who want to fulfill her wishes and allow her to die with dignity are murderers . "
Change the subject .
" All this business about the book of Revelation having been written as anti-Nero propaganda is nonsense .
The Messiah would never stoop to propaganda .
The Messiah — "
Emotionalize , antagonize , and goad your opponents .
Make it all about them , the godless queer - loving commie bigots .
Demand proof from your opponent , preferably proof that is impossible to come by .
" You say that most of the book of Genesis was put into writing around 925 - 910 BCE , by someone who hero - worshiped King David ?
What fundamentalist Bible college teaches that ?
Show me your archeological evidence . "
Use false evidence .
Quote from the book of Dalmatians or the book of Amphibians , for example .
The chances are excellent that the person you 're talking to can't tell the difference between Abraham and Moses anyway .
Manufacture a new truth .
If you can't come up with any facts to support your position , appeal to fundamentalist religious authorities , authors , or leaders , or invent new ones .
Create a distraction .
Example :
If someone says , " I believe that God created the Universe , including natural selection , " say , " There is nothing in the Bible to support your position . "
Bible - based Anything in the Bible you agree with .
( Anything that contradicts your beliefs , like Jesus 's command to love your enemies , should be ignored . )
Big government Federal social programs that attempt to construct a more rational , fairer society .
Proper government consists of wastefully spending billions upon billons of tax dollars on inefficient and otherwise prohibitively costly defense contracts , subsidies , and tax breaks for corporations , and " The War on Drugs . "
Born again
Anyone who has experienced a personal spiritual awakening that results in his ( or sometimes her ) agreement with your ideas and values .
Otherwise see " cult . "
Term can never be applied to homosexuals .
Boycott God 's preferred method of social change .
If the targeted organization capitulates to a boycott , it is proof of " the power of God to change hearts . "
However , if a boycott is unsuccessful , it proves the organization being boycotted is " hardened " and " in the grip of the Devil . "
Broken families Refers only to divorce and applies to ALL divorces .
Families are never " broken " or " shattered " by bad marriages , domestic violence , child abuse , incest , or molestation .
Bureaucrat A Democrat working for the government .
A " public servant " is a Republican working for the government .
Career
The greatest deception ever perpetrated upon women by " radical feminists " and one of the primary causes for The Breakdown Of The Family .
Careers for women are " destructive " and " unfulfilling " compared to full - time child - rearing and home - schooling .
Women who attempt to balance family and their own dreams are seen as " shirking their God- given responsibility " and are responsible for creating another " generation without values . "
Christian
Anyone who is a member of a right - wing Christian organization , such as the Christian Coalition .
Ant. , " Godless atheist , " q.v. Christianity Conservative biblical literality .
See " cult . "
Civil rights
The concept of equal legal rights ; applies to everyone except gay and lesbian Americans , for whom equal rights become " special " rights ( q.v. ) .
Compassion
The feeling you say you are expressing when you attack people you hate ( especially homosexuals ) , so that you do n't have to feel guilty .
See " gay bashing , " " death penalty . "
Conservative See " God . " Criminal Someone who breaks the law  unless the law has anything to do with guns , selling arms to Iran , or refusing to pay taxes , in which case he is a " victim of society " ( q.v. ) .
Criminal rights
Should be ignored unless said criminal is a member of a wacko religious cult or is a firearms dealer .
Cult
Any religious organization that does not practice conservative biblical literalism , e.g. , the Society of Friends , the Episcopal Church .
Death penalty A form of punishment not used often enough .
Most right - wing Christians long for the day when this is implemented against gays and lesbians .
( See " Compassion . " )
The only time the death penalty is not considered " God 's mighty judgment " is when a death row inmate has become a born - again Christian .
Then , the death penalty is " unnecessary " and seen as an " impediment to further ministry " by the inmate slated for execution .
Deception
Term describing the state of being a fellow Christian is in if he disagrees with you on a social or theological issue .
For example , if another Christian holds views that are pro-choice , pro-gay rights , or anti-death penalty , then she / he is " deceived . "
If the same Christian makes a logical , reasoned argument for his position , then he is " misled . "
If the same Christian also makes a Scriptural argument for their position , then they are " false teachers , " " rebellious , " and guilty of " twisting the Word . "
See " Liberal . "
Disney
The main force behind The Collapse of Traditional Moral Values , and one of society 's greatest threats to The Family , second only to gays and lesbians .
Responsible for creating and popularizing the idea of domestic partner benefits .
Domestic partner benefits Given by most progressive businesses and large corporations years before Disney offered them .
Seen as a sign of " collapsing moral values " and as one of the largest threats to The Family .
Main impetus for implementing The Boycott , but only against certain companies .
See " Disney . "
Domestic violence A mythical problem that does not affect The Family , does not injure or kill Christian women or children , and is never to be addressed .
Dominion theology Based on the verse in Genesis in which Yahweh gives humanity ( specifically , men ) dominion over the Earth , Dominionism ( also called reconstructionism ) teaches that right - wing fundamentalist Christians must bring all societies around the world under the rule of God — that is , under the rule of their version of Christianity .
Dominionists , including George W. Bush , are attempting to peacefully convert the laws of the United States so that they match the laws of the Hebrew Scriptures ( which they call the Old Testament ) .
Once the world has willingly accepted their version of the Kingdom of God , religious freedom will not be tolerated ; all religions and religious organizations that are not strict fundamentalists will be suppressed — forbidden to worship , proselytize , or even assemble .
Any person who attempts to follow his or her non-Dominionist beliefs outside the confines of his / her home will be tried for idolatry and executed .
Blasphemy , adultery , and homosexuality will also be capital offenses .
Specifically , Reconstructionists : Reject antinomianism ; that is , they believe that faith alone will not bring about salvation , but must be accompanied by good works and living a right - wing fundamentalist lifestyle ;
Accept that every word of the Bible is literally factual ( even the songs , poetry , and fables ) ;
Worship the Bible as being as inerrant as God is ;
Believe that Christ will not return to Earth until most of the Earth practices Dominionism ;
Interpret the 613 laws of the Mosaic Code as being either ceremonial or moral ( the high priest does n't have to wear bells on his clothing , but homosexuals and adulterous women ( not men ) must be stoned to death ) ;
Accept that God cannot change ( despite all the Bible verses saying otherwise ) and therefore God 's laws cannot change , except maybe the ones about burying one 's feces ( Deut. 23:13 ) or building one 's ( adobe ) house ;
Hold the laws of the Hebrew Scriptures has having primacy over the laws of the Christian Testament , except in those cases where the Dominionists prefer the latter ;
Criminalize all modern behavior that does not match Dominionist morality ;
Ban all marriages that are not of a Dominionist man to a Dominionist women ( e.g. , interfaith , interracial , or same - sex marriage ) ;
Regard all non-Dominionist theology as being " of the Devil " ( prominent Dominionist theologian David Chilton wrote , " the god of Judaism is the devil " ) .
Dominionism is no joke .
For example , the Air Force Academy is located in Colorado Springs , which is to Dominionist theology as Rome is to Roman Catholicism and Salt Lake City is to Mormonism ( both heresies that are to be ruthlessly excised ) .
The Air Force Academy is , at least early in 2005 , actively promoting Dominionist theology and actively harassing ( or worse ) any students who reject it .
And George W. Bush ( or , very occasionally , a proxy ) meets every Monday morning with at least one Dominionist minister .
Elites Hollywood ; anyone working to promote social change .
Just plain folks : corporations , Wall Street .
The needy : Anyone who makes more than $ 500,000 a year .
The poor :
Not out of sight , out of mind , but rather , out of sight , nonexistent .
Evolution A kooky cult started by Charles Darwin .
See intelligent design .
The Family Unit of : heterosexual male head of household married for life to heterosexual female homemaker , with biological home - schooled children conceived without birth control at least nine months after marriage in conservative Bible - believing church .
No exceptions .
Family values Censorship and gay - bashing .
Alternate definition : A mother and father who vote Republican and attend a conservative church , raising two kids who are home - schooled or who attend a private school in the suburbs .
Feminist Derogatory term for women who are insufficiently feminine , i.e. , passive and submissive .
Responsible for : neglected children , teenage pregnancy , unemployed males , poor SAT scores , breakdown of The Family .
Fundamentalism , Christian
The greatest hope for the integrity of our Beloved Nation .
Fundamentalism , Islamic
The greatest threat to the integrity of our Beloved Nation .
( Fact : Rush Limbaugh has said this many , many times . )
Gay / Lesbian Homosexual is the preferred term , as it focuses more explicitly on sex .
Homosexuality is a chosen lifestyle that is unnatural , hated by God ; it is either a mental disorder or an addiction .
It is caused either by childhood molestation or by having a feminist mother .
Right - wing conservatives believe that homosexuals , along with feminists and liberals , are responsible for nearly all social ills ( with the possible exception of abortion ) .
Gay bashing Does not exist .
Jesus hates all gay people as much as you do .
That 's why he is said to have never married and is commonly believed to have wandered the countryside in a men-only group of long - haired pacifists .
God wants everyone to hate homosexuality and to urge homosexuals to get therapy to " cure " their " addiction . "
Gay Christians
A contradiction in terms .
Those who claim to exist are " trapped " in a state of Deception , and are first in line for the Lake of Fire because they " twist God 's Word . "
To save them , right - wing Christians must exercise " compassion " and tell them that God wants to kill them .
God
An old white man with a long , white beard , who lives above the sky and seldom interferes with the affairs of men , much less women .
Because Eve ate the fruit of the Tree of the Attractive Nuisance , and then wickedly persuaded Adam to do it too , God condemned every life form in the Universe to death and eternal agony in Hell , with the exception of those who have been " born again " at least once and who await the Rapture ( q.v. ) .
That is , God took physical form as Jesus of Nazareth so that he could suffer and die upon the Cross and thus appease his own anger against human disobedience — that is , appease himself .
God 's 36 - hour ( " three - day " ) death is also a payoff to Satan , whom God has insufficient power to conquer , or else it is a victory over Satan , who apparently did not want God to become human and die .
See " Republican . "
Godless atheist
Anyone who is not a member of a right - wing Christian organization ; especially , anyone who is a member of the Westar Institute , the Center for Progressive Christianity , or similar godless liberal organizations .
See also " Deceived . " Gravity Like evolution ( q.v. ) , a " theory " that is not supported by such Bible passages as 1 Thessalonians 4:16 - 17 .
Banned in Kansas .
See also " intelligent design . "
Hate crimes , Christian definition
Do not exist .
Just another lie from " militant radical homosexual activists . "
Hate speech , Islamist definition According to the Council for American - Islam Relations , hate speech consists of any factual statement about Islam made by a non-Muslim , e.g. , any facts concerning slavery and genocide in the Sudan .
Heterosexuals Assumed to be everyone on earth , except for a tiny number of " militant radical homosexual activists . "
Hollywood
The source of all evil in western civilization .
Controlled either by Disney , feminists , liberals , and " militant radical homosexual activists , " or Time / Warner when a new rap album is released .
Also known as " Mystery Babylon " and " the pit of Hell . "
Homosexuals
See gay / lesbian .
Tiny minority of " militant radical activists " seeking special rights , hiring quotas , and the destruction of The Family .
Recent phenomenon signalling The End Is Near .
Homosexual agenda , the Gay people exercising their rights to free speech and to petition the government for redress of grievances .
When right - wing Christians engage in the same activity , it is called " grassroots citizen 's movement . "
Honor
Not getting caught .
" I learned my lesson . " " I got away with it . "
Intelligent design
The latest mask for creationism , " intelligent design " is a variation of teleology — that is , the idea that the Universe is so complicated that it can't have come about by accident .
Therefore not only is there a God , but God wrote the Bible , which makes the Bible literally factual , the first modern science textbook as well as the first modern history textbook ( predating Edward Gibbon by a mere 3,000 years ! ) .
The principal difference between intelligent design and creationism is that creationists reject evolution because it does not fit with their eisegetical interpretation of the Bible ( that is , they project their own biases into the Bible ) , while proponents of intelligent design reject evolution because they claim that natural selection implies that God does not exist and therefore that the Universe could not have been created — not even created to include natural selection .
Proponents of intelligent design insist that their system of suppositions ought to be taught in science classrooms as an equivalent alternative to the " theory " of evolution , despite the fact that theirs is not an empirical theory and requires blind faith rather than fact to sustain it .
It claims to be a science , but has nothing but contempt for scientific method ; in fact , it is a metaphysic .
Jesus Christ
A conservative Republican leader to whom some erroneously attribute the phrases " love thy neighbor " and " turn the other cheek . "
If he were alive today , he would drive an SUV ( remember : conservative does n't mean conservationist ! ) and support both preemptive warfare and the massive transfer of wealth from the poor to the rich .
Judicial activism
What liberal judges do .
What conservative judges do is " sound jurisprudence . "
Judicial system Varying definitions .
When ruling against you , the courts are a sneaky way of subverting the " will of the people . "
Otherwise , a perfectly acceptable way of enforcing God 's Will .
Leech , welfare bum / queen
Any person on the government dole , EXCEPT for corporations receiving tax write - offs , ranchers and farmers receiving subsidies , and defense contractors .
Liberal
Anyone who shows human compassion , cares about social welfare , or reads such Commie newspapers as The Washington Post .
Alternate definition : an individual , organization , or institution that is deceived .
See " Deception . "
Libertarianism Survival of the fittest  and if you do n't like it , you do n't deserve to survive .
Life
At the moment at which a living sperm meets a living egg and forms a living blastomere , human life does n't just begin , it becomes indistinguishable from independent human personhood , and therefore of greater value to society than its mother .
A reasonable person might suppose that a human becomes a person ( rather than a blastomere , embryo , or fetus ) with a lot of help from first its mother and , after birth , society .
In fact , it is not true that A might become B , with a lot of help ; rather , A is indistinguishable from B from the moment of conception onward .
( This also holds true for people in persistent vegetative states , like Terri Schiavo .
To make any distinction between a person who can vote , drink alcohol , marry , and own property and a blastomere , or Terri Schiavo , is to condemn oneself to the fires of Hell for all eternity . )
Materialism
Does not exist ; therefore , not an issue .
Massive personal wealth among leaders of organizations you support ( especially televangelists and friends of George W. Bush ) is further evidence of God 's favor .
Media
No such thing .
Always " liberal , secular , biased media . "
Responsible for teenage pregnancy , abortion , illiteracy , sexual addictions , earthquakes , and the breakdown of The Family .
Militant Never applied to political positions you agree with .
Militant pro-lifers , militant pro-family - ists , and militant Christians are all contradictions in terms .
NRA Smiled upon by God , because they defend the Second Amendment of the Bill of Rights .
See " ACLU . "
Persecution Suffered if your position on an issue is actively opposed .
Examples of " persecution " include investigative journalistic reporting , any lawsuit filed against your church organization by the ACLU , or being yelled at by people whom you have harassed by fax or phone or whom you have misrepresented in your fund - raising materials .
Physician
Any doctor except those who perform abortions .
Physicians who perform abortions are " abortionists , " who are or who are in league with " baby - killers . "
Political correctness Left - wing lockstep groupthink conformism .
Simple common sense : Right - wing lockstep groupthink conformism .
Pro-family politician
Any thrice - divorced , wife - beating Republican congressman late on child - support payments who is against gay marriage .
Pro-life
Anyone who is willing to murder adult human beings , especially doctors and women ( and especially women doctors ! ) , in order to preserve the life of a blastomere , embryo , or fetus .
After children are born , and particularly after they turn 16 , capital punishment is just fine .
Putting wings to prayers
Really means political activity , but call it this in order to retain your tax - exempt status .
Radical Applied to anyone who disagrees with you .
Thus , " radical " homosexuals , " radical " feminists , " radical " environmentalists .
Right - wing Christians are not radical , they are " committed " and " focused . "
Rapture According to 1 Thessalonians 4:16 - 17 , Paul wrote , " Jesus will personally come down from heaven with a shout , at the sound of the archangel 's voice and the trumpet of God , and those who have died in Christ will rise from the grave .
After that we the living , the survivors , will be caught up with them in the clouds to meet Jesus in the air — and thenceforth we will be with Jesus unceasingly . "
Paul was writing to a congregation of primitive Celts who were quarreling about whether dead Christians would go to Heaven .
In 1830 , John Darby , a prominent member of the Plymouth Brethren , was holding a meeting at which a 15 - year - old girl went into a quasi- trance and proclaimed that a select group of believers would be removed from the earth before the days of Antichrist , and that other believers would have to live through a period of tribulation on earth .
Darby spread this pre-tribulation rapture teaching in Europe and later in the United States .
The Rapture theory was given an enormous boost in the United States when the 1917 Scofield Bible included footnotes about it .
For right - wing fundamentalists , the only point of discussion is whether the Rapture will come pre-tribulation or post - tribulation .
The fact that the Rapture is in and of itself totally against the teachings of Jesus of Nazareth is irrelevant .
Reconstructionism " Every area dominated by sin " — for example , homosexuality and feminism — " must be reconstructed according to the Bible . " — Andrew Saldlin .
See Dominionism , for which reconstructionism is a somewhat more socially acceptable euphemism .
Rehabilitation Sending a minister or priest who has been caught molesting children or teens or raping women to a different congregation or parish .
Religion
What should be taught in public schools instead of godless Communist science .
Republican Barely distinguishable from " God , " q.v. Republican party A political party that welcomes all conservatives , as long as they are pro-life , pro-gun , pro-Big Business , pro-oil , pro-war , and anti-everything else .
Democratic party : Communist .
Rigged election What Slobodan Milosevic tried to do in Yugoslavia in 2000 .
Free and fair election : What Karl Rove , Katherine Harris ( Florida Secretary of State / Co-Chair of the Florida Republican campaign ) , and the " Should Have Recused Myself Gipper and Poppy Five " did in 2000 and Karl Rove , Kenneth Blackwell ( Ohio Secretary of State / Co-Chair of the Ohio Republican campaign ) , and the Diebold Corporation did in 2004 .
Ronald Reagan
The greatest president in U.S. history .
Same - sex marriage
An abomination unto the Lord , as are interfaith marriages and interracial marriages .
( The right of free citizens of a democracy to enter into binding legal contracts is taken for granted in most of the free world . )
Scholarship , science
Any work such as The Bell Curve , The American Spectator , or The Limbaugh Letter ; any work promoting the " theory " of intelligent design , q.v. Social engineering ( syn. , social experimentation )
Term for the " activist agendas " of political opponents .
Opposite is the " natural God- given plan , " as defined only by right - wing fundamentalist Christians .
" Special " rights Applied only to gay and lesbian Americans .
Refers to marriage , adoption , and other rights taken for granted by heterosexuals .
Subversive elements of society Bookstores , coffeehouses , art galleries , and other liberal hangouts , especially those in major cities .
Supreme Court " Activist " when ruling against you .
But " evidence of the mighty hand of God " when ruling in your favor or in the case of Clarence Thomas .
Supreme Court appointments Varying definitions .
A presidential right , if president is Republican .
Called " stacking the court " if president is Democrat .
Ten percent A lie about the percentage of the population that is gay or lesbian popularized by " militant radical homosexual activists , " when in fact right - wing Christian organizations have " proven " the figure is closer to one percent .
How one percent of the population is responsible for The Destruction Of The Family is never clearly explained .
See " Avoiding Difficult Questions . "
Tort reform A slap on the wrist is the only acceptable punishment for illegal or unethical activities by corporations .
However , the full weight of the law must be thrown at individuals who attempt to sue corporations for illegal or unethical activities .
Traditional values
The classic values and morals that made America great , such as lynching blacks , beating up gays , and keeping the " little woman " barefoot , pregnant , and in servitude .
Transvestite A man in a dress ( exception : a Scotsman in a kilt , male clergy in religious frocks ) .
Does not apply to women , because it 's acceptable now ( Laura Bush does it ) for women to wear slacks , jeans , and pantsuits .
Unitarian See " cult . "
Victim of society
Any conservative white male , because no one in human history has ever suffered as he is now suffering .
" Will of the people " Used only when the public votes your way .
Acceptable method of denying constitutional rights of minorities .
Never used when public opinion is against you ( i.e. abortion , doctor - assisted suicide , etc. ) .
Wise use of limited natural resources Using it all up before the Rapture .
Women See " wives , " " mothers , " or " homemakers . "
No other definition available .
Youth For a Republican , any period preceding last week ; for a minority , ends at age six .
Youthful indiscretion :
Any crime or moral failing committed by a Republican .
Evil :
Any crime or moral failing committed by anyone else .
include " allhumorbots.php " ?>
See how the mental - health system works
Dennis Winters sits in his apartment clutching a teddy bear , something a psychiatrist gave him years ago to make him feel less lonely .
Decades of punishing mental illness have often left Winters feeling lonely .
Most days he watches television into the night and scribbles his thoughts into notebooks .
" I 'm just hanging on by a thread , " he said .
Arizona taxpayers spent $ 360 million this year to help Maricopa County residents like Winters .
But a nearly 30 - year - old lawsuit , billions of dollars spent and a series of bureaucratic transformations have n't changed a basic fact :
Most of the county 's 23,000 patients with serious mental illness are n't getting better .
The number of seriously mentally ill people in Maricopa County has exploded in recent years , growing by 94 percent since 2000 .
It will grow another 45 percent by 2015 , according to state estimates .
There are few widely accepted national standards for mental - health care , making it difficult to compare the performance of states or even counties within Arizona .
Different systems track data in a variety of ways .
But by the standards it has set for itself , Maricopa County 's system has declined .
The annual state audit of the system 's performance that was released this year found it fails nearly all of its patients on key measures : placing them in stable housing and providing them with a job or other meaningful activity .
Among those who have not been in jail or hospitalized for their illness , the system failed 86 percent .
Among those who have , it failed 83 percent .
Interviews with patients , providers , state officials and company executives reveal instability at every level of the system .
Despite multiple calls from consultants to do so , service providers do not track whether individual patients are getting better .
The results are deadly : Nationally , the life expectancy of a mentally ill person is 25 years shorter than that of a healthy person .
In Maricopa County , their life expectancy is 32 years shorter .
Without a place to live , a job or supportive friends and family , the county 's mentally ill often wind up homeless or in jail .
Winters is 58 .
He once had a good job and close friends .
But after more than three decades in the system , he now holes up in a subsidized apartment , hanging on to his ragged plush toys .
" It 's like knowing that this teddy bear is going to love me no matter what , " he said .
" The worst thing is being alone , and having the risk of that part of me that just wants to give up .
Holding on the idea that there 's a way out keeps us alive . "
Substantial declines
Modern mental - health care starts with the presumption that anyone with a serious mental illness can recover , though some will recover better than others .
Most private insurance policies offer limited benefits for mental health , so people who have serious mental illnesses in Maricopa County are likely to wind up in the public system .
The system consists of several layers .
At the top is the Department of Health Services , which is responsible for providing care to Arizonans with mental illness .
Since the 1990s , DHS has subcontracted the job to the private sector by creating regional behavioral - health authorities .
Two years ago , the state replaced the company that served Maricopa County , ValueOptions , amid widespread dissatisfaction with the quality of care .
Magellan Health Services , a for - profit company based in Connecticut , received the three - year contract to run the system , which also includes patients with more moderate metal illness , children and people in treatment for substance abuse .
At $ 1.5 billion , it is the largest mental - health care contract in America .
Magellan pledged to transform the system .
Where ValueOptions had owned the county 's clinics itself , Magellan pledged to spin them off into independent networks of providers , giving patients more choices and clinics more control .
Magellan said the move would improve the quality of care .
But the changes brought even more instability .
Instead of improving under Magellan , according to the most recent audit , patient care has gotten worse .
The declines are substantial and occur in every aspect of care .
� �Patients do n't have adequate teams of doctors , psychiatrists and counselors .
��Treatment plans , considered the foundation of a successful recovery , are incomplete and often changed without patients ' knowledge or input .
� �Patients are overseen by case managers whose patient loads can exceed the national standard of 30 cases by 60 percent or more .
Magellan officials acknowledge the need to improve the quality of care on a variety of measures .
But they also say the findings do not reflect substantial gains made since late last year , when the audit was conducted .
More than half of the audit 's quality indicators have no bearing on whether a patient 's condition improves , officials said .
Other indicators , such as clinic staffing levels , have improved .
" The system is not in crisis .
The system is in transformation , " said Dr. Richard Clarke , CEO of Magellan of Arizona .
Magellan has planned several new initiatives to improve performance .
Clarke 's team is working with the state to post clinic performance data online for public viewing , encouraging better results through competition .
Case managers will receive better training on suicide prevention .
And patients with multiple recent hospitalizations are beginning to get extra attention from Magellan staff .
Eventually , Clarke said , the system will develop tools to track whether patients are improving - if Magellan remains in place .
A 20 - year nightmare
In 1990 , Tempe native Deborah Ferry watched her first husband pick up a gun and take his life .
That 's when the nightmares started .
About once a week , Ferry dreams she is standing over his body , scrubbing blood off the walls of their Sacramento home .
The blood wo n't wash off .
There 's just too much .
Ferry moved to Nebraska after her husband 's death .
Desperate and grief - stricken , she spent time in a state mental hospital .
Eventually she recovered enough to live on her own .
She married Roy Ferry , and they moved to Arizona to be closer to her family .
When Magellan took over the Maricopa County system , Ferry decided to enroll .
She hoped to find a stable provider that would help her receive counseling for post - traumatic stress .
Instead , Ferry has had six psychiatrists and eight case managers in the past two years .
" I do n't even know who the current person is , " Ferry said .
" They were supposed to call this morning , but they never did .
That 's par for the course . "
Even before her first husband 's death , Ferry struggled with schizoaffective disorder , a broad diagnosis that for Ferry means bouts of severe depression and obsessive - compulsive behavior .
She also hears voices .
Ferry hoped to recover under Magellan .
Instead , she has been fighting the bureaucracy .
Last year , she was running out of medications when her private psychiatrist announced he would no longer accept Medicare .
Ferry called Magellan to see if they could see her in two to three weeks .
They said they could see her in three months .
Ferry borrows money from her 83 - year - old mother to help pay for private therapy .
She is entitled to subsidized therapy , but case managers have n't stayed with her long enough to get it for her .
They rarely do .
Last year , 71 percent of patients changed case managers .
Burnout is often cited as a reason for the rampant turnover .
The heavy load means case managers respond to patients ' needs in a timely manner only 40 percent of the time , down from 59 percent before Magellan took over , according to the audit .
High turnover also results from case managers changing clinics , getting promoted or moving out of state .
For patients , the result is always the same : a new case manager , three or four times a year , who knows nothing about their case beyond what they have read in medical records .
In constant flux
The instability that Ferry feels day to day begins at the highest levels of the mental - health system , where tumultuous change has been the norm for 20 years .
In 1989 , the Arizona Supreme Court agreed with the plaintiffs in Arnold vs. Sarn .
The lawsuit alleged that Arizona failed to provide Maricopa County with comprehensive health care for those with serious mental illnesses as required by state law .
Two years later , the state launched the first of many plans to resolve the lawsuit .
The first Maricopa County service provider , non-profit ComCare , filed for bankruptcy in 1997 , forcing the state to briefly take over .
ValueOptions won the contract in 1998 , and held it for nine years .
Magellan has had the contract for two years .
Now plaintiffs in Arnold vs. Sarn want the state to drop Magellan and have the Department of Health Services oversee clinics directly .
Constant change is n't limited to the big vendors .
Since 1993 , nine different people have led DHS .
The most recent , Will Humble , was named interim director in January .
Seven different people have led the DHS behavioral - health division in that time .
Dr. Laura Nelson took the job in April 2008 .
Nelson acknowledged the high turnover at her agency .
" It 's a constant struggle , especially under the budget conditions we 're in , to hold on to good staff , " she said .
The instability trickles back down to patients , with each new director , agency head and contract provider bringing changes to policies and procedures .
As a result , the services patients receive are frequently changed or even eliminated without their knowledge .
A steady hand
People with mental illnesses can recover .
Stable care is usually a key to successful treatment .
Amy Sather , 35 , endured an abusive childhood that left her in foster care and group homes from the age of 13 .
At 19 , she was pregnant , on food stamps and suffering the effects of bipolar disorder .
Later , she lost custody of her daughter and became homeless .
But over a period of years , Sather received treatment from Maricopa County 's public mental - health system that made a significant difference .
A caseworker helped her get subsidized housing .
Counselors helped her control the symptoms of her disease .
She eventually regained custody of her daughter , got a job working as a peer mentor for other people with mental illnesses and earned her bachelor 's degree in social work .
Today she is happily married , lives in a five - bedroom house in south Phoenix and works for the Department of Behavioral Health Services as a liaison between the state and individuals and families with mental illnesses .
Sather faced the same turnover that plagues most patients .
But she found a rare point of stability in the system :
She saw the same nurse practitioner for more than 10 years .
The practitioner prescribed medicines and helped Sather put her life back together .
" She supported me , " Sather said .
Sather knew how to navigate the system better than most , having worked as a case manager for ValueOptions before becoming a peer mentor .
She also benefited from a strong ethic and a desire to provide a better life for her daughter , Hayley .
" Every morning she 'd wake up and go to work , no matter what had happened the night before , " said Hayley , 15 .
" Paint that smile on and keep on trucking . "
Still , Sather says , consistent care provided a foundation for her to recover .
" I got lucky , " she said .
Not paying attention
Despite the hundreds of millions of dollars spent , at no level does the system track whether individual patients are improving .
A patient like Dennis Winters can languish in the system for 30 years , gradually declining , and no one beyond the latest manager of his current clinic will ever know .
" They spiral down in their crisis to the point where once they 're finally served and treated appropriately , they 've lost so much ground , " said Anne Ronan , longtime lawyer for the plaintiffs in Arnold vs. Sarn .
" They 're out of school .
They 've lost their job .
And if someone had just responded appropriately when the obvious signs were there , they would be back on their feet . "
Delayed treatment can result in trips to urgent - care facilities or even hospitalizations , which cost far more than clinical services .
The primary measure of the system 's performance comes from the Office of the Court Monitor , a taxpayer - funded branch of state government established to monitor Maricopa County 's compliance with Arnold vs. Sarn .
The court monitor audits a sample of individuals each year , asking hundreds of questions about their care .
State officials and various service providers have recognized the need for improvements but downplay the audit 's findings .
They say it 's based on an old model of treatment , and makes unreasonable demands of providers .
Still , the audit was developed with the state 's input .
And state officials agreed that audit findings would be binding .
Between annual audits , DHS receives dozens of weekly and monthly reports from Magellan about the system 's performance .
But the data is largely self - reported , and its reliability has been questioned .
Magellan is now working with the state to put together a " dashboard " that lets executives see , at a glance , how various clinics perform on a variety of measures .
In the near future , Clarke said , those results will be available for all to see online .
Humble said the dashboards mark the beginning of a more accountable system .
" That could be used to spur competition , but also to hold ( providers ) accountable for the services that they 're providing and the money they 're getting , " he said .
A steady decline
Before he relied on teddy bears for companionship , Dennis Winters was a hairdresser known for his quick wit and mordant sense of humor .
He worked at upscale salons in Scottsdale and had plenty of friends .
" He was very outgoing , " said Anna Kashey , a fellow hairdresser who met Winters in 1992 .
" He was very nice , very warm . "
Winters has always struggled with depression and a mood disorder and entered the system more than 30 years ago after suffering symptoms of depression .
When his mother became ill in the mid-1990s , he quit working to take care of her .
She died shortly thereafter , and Winters ' mental health started to decline .
For two years , Winters says , he lived in a house with no electricity or water .
Eventually he became homeless , staying at the YMCA and at shelters .
Through it all , he continued to receive care through the county mental - health system .
Medical records from earlier this decade list Winters ' goals : reclaim his beauty license , buy a house , get into a relationship .
Instead , he declined .
Winters had frequent disagreements with doctors and case managers over the quality of his treatment .
Records show several therapists became frustrated with Winters ' windy , tangential mode of speaking and his frequent complaints about the quality of care he received .
So they quit being involved in his treatment .
" Due to the level of conflict that keeps occurring which interferes with therapeutic progress , " one therapist wrote , " I must remove myself from your case . "
When ValueOptions was treating Winters , his clinical team at the time gave him a progress report on his goals .
It was blank .
Today , Winters says he wants treatment from a center that specializes in dissociative identity disorder .
After his mother 's death , he lost track of time and sometimes re-emerged with a different personality .
Winters ' clinical team , he says , has failed to help him recover .
" More and more , " he said , " I feel like the chances of me ever leading a normal life are zero . "
The money factor
Given the county 's rapid growth of the seriously mentally ill population , state officials say they do n't have the resources they need to provide adequate care .
In 1995 , the state formally agreed to provide a wide variety of services to the mentally ill as required by the Arnold vs. Sarn lawsuit .
Three years later , a review found that it would cost more than three and a half times as much as the state was then spending to meet those obligations .
Instead , the system 's budget has been cut .
In the most recent fiscal year , Magellan 's contract was reduced by about $ 10 million .
DHS has absorbed $ 55 million in cuts in the past two years and faces additional cuts this year .
Chris Heller , a former director of a clinic in Maricopa County , said the state has asked too much of Magellan and its predecessors .
" They dangle a billion and a half dollars out there and one of those companies comes along and bites , because they 're going to try to make it work , " Heller said .
" And they get in here and they realize it 's a lot of money , but it 's not nearly what it takes .
It 's not all the vendor .
The state is cutting an unrealistic deal . "
Progress report
Maricopa County Superior Court Judge Karen O'Connor has asked the state to prepare a progress report .
A status conference in the Arnold vs. Sarn case is scheduled for Sept. 17 .
For all its faults , Amy Sather said , the system can help people get better .
" I meet people every day where they 're having successes in their life because opportunities and services were in place to serve as stepping stones to getting where they are today , " she said .
Dennis Winters is n't so sure .
" If I stay here , I 'll die , " he said .
" This state is going to kill me . "
Readers may remember a study from earlier this year that suggested that taking antioxidants canceled out some of the benefits of exercise .
It seems that the reactive oxygen species themselves , which everyone ’s been assuming have to be fought , are actually being used to signal the body ’s metabolic changes .
Now there ’s another disturbing paper on a possible unintended effect of antioxidant therapy .
Joan Brugge and her group at Harvard published last month on what happens to cells when they ’re detached from their normal environment .
What ’s supposed to happen , everyone thought , is apoptosis , programmed cell death .
Apoptosis , in fact , is supposed to be triggered most of the time when a cell detects that something has gone seriously wrong with its normal processes , and being detached from its normal signaling environment ( and its normal blood supply ) definitely qualifies .
But cancer cells manage to dodge that difficulty , and since it ’s known that they also get around other apoptosis signals , it made sense that this was happening here , too .
But there have been some recent reports that cast doubt on apoptosis being the only route for detached cell death .
This latest study confirms that , but goes on to a surprise .
When this team blocked apoptotic processes , detached cells died anyway .
A closer look suggested that the reason was , basically , starvation .
The cells were deprived of nutrients after being dislocated , ran out of glucose , and that was that .
This process could be stopped , though , if a known oncogene involved in glucose uptake ( ERBB2 ) was activated , which suggests that one way a cancer cells survive their travels is by keeping their fuel supply going .
So far , so good – this all fits in well with what we already know about tumor cells .
But this study found that there was another way to keep detached cells from dying : give them antioxidants .
( They used either N - acetylcysteine or a water - soluble Vitamin E derivative ) .
It appears that oxidative stress is one thing that ’s helping to kill off wandering cells .
On top of this effect , reactive oxygen species also seem to be inhibiting another possible energy source , fatty acid oxidation .
Take away the reactive oxygen species , and the cells are suddenly under less pressure and have access to a new food source .
( Here ’s a commentary in Nature that goes over all this in more detail , and here ’s one from The Scientist ) .
They went on to use some good fluorescence microscopy techniques to show that these differences in reactive oxygen species are found in tumor cell cultures .
There are notable metabolic differences between the outer cells of a cultured tumor growth and its inner cells ( the ones that ca n’t get so much glucose ) , but that difference can be smoothed out by .
. .antioxidants .
The normal process is for the central cells in such growths to eventually die off ( luminal clearance ) , but antioxidant treatment kept this from happening .
Even more alarmingly , they showed that tumor cells expressing various oncogenes colonized an in vitro cell growth matrix much more effectively in the presence of antioxidants as well .
This looks like a very strong paper to me ; there ’s a lot of work in it and a lot of information .
Taken together , these results suggest a number of immediate questions .
Is there something that shuts down normal glucose uptake when a cell is detached , and is this another general cell - suicide mechanism ?
How exactly does oxidative stress keep these cells from using their fatty acid oxidation pathway ?
( And how does that relate to normally positioned cells , in which fatty acid oxidation is actually supposed to kick in when glucose supplies go down ? )
The biggest questions , though , are the most immediate : first , does it make any sense at all to give antioxidants to cancer patients ?
Right now , I ’d very much have to wonder .
And second , could taking antioxidants actually have a long - term cancer - promoting effect under normal conditions ?
I ’d very much like to know that one , and so would a lot of other people .
After this and that exercise study , I ’m honestly starting to think that oxidative stress has been getting an undeserved bad press over the years .
Have we had things totally turned around ?
Let ’s say that you are put on trial for a murder that you did n’t commit .
And then let ’s say that you are convicted of that murder .
And let ’s say that you appeal your conviction but the conviction is upheld because the judge , lawyers , and jury in your case all acted appropriately .
The facts and testimony made it look like you were guilty , but you were n’t .
It was n’t the fault of the justice system that you were convicted , but the fault of a cruel twist of fate .
That can happen .
I am sure it has happened many times .
So , imagine now that you are put on death row .
And while you are awaiting your execution , the witnesses at your trial begin to recant their story .
Eventually , seven of the nine key witnesses against you recant their testimony .
New people come forward and implicate one of the witnesses against you as the true murderer .
In this circumstance , would it be Constitutional to execute you .
If you are Antonin Scalia , it might very well be .
This Court has never held that the Constitution forbids the execution of a convicted defendant who has had a full and fair trial but is later able to convince a habeas court that he is “ actually ” innocent .
Quite to the contrary , we have repeatedly left that question unresolved , while expressing considerable doubt that any claim based on alleged “ actual innocence ” is constitutionally cognizable .
I think Scalia is arguing that the Supreme Court is under no obligation to grant a reprieve to an innocent man if that man was convicted in a fair trial .
But , in this case , most of the key witnesses say that they gave false testimony .
How fair is that ?
It may be true that the prosecutor did n’t knowingly introduce false evidence and that the judge conducted the trial according to the law and that the jury followed their instructions to a tee .
But the trial was n’t exactly fair when it was filled with perjurers , now was it ?
And even under this reading of the law , how could it be Constitutional to execute a man you believe to be innocent ?
How did this guy get confirmed unanimously to the court ?
Naturally , Clarence Thomas joined Scalia in this dissent .
But the court has granted a hearing and this man may yet avoid execution .
Posted on by Serbian Animals Voice ( SAV )
****** UPDATE / CORRECTION
******
E mail contact details revised 17/08/09 – please try again if you have previously experienced trouble sending mails .
**************
WARNING – GRAPHIC VIDEO FOOTAGE – BUT PLEASE WATCH , EVEN IF ONLY ONCE – SAV
Dear all
Following my previous email re : action against slaughter of dolphins in Japan , I am including the video .
It shows the whole barbarism of this “ ritual ”
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkgCTDqQYBE&feature=related
- Teresa
**********************************************************************
“ About 23,000 dolphins and porpoises are being slaughtered each year and their meat , containing toxic levels of mercury , is being sold as food in Japan , often times labelled as whale meat .
The majority of the world is not aware this is happening .
The Taiji cove is blocked off from the public .
Cameras are not allowed inside and the media does not cover the story .
It ’s critical that we get the word out in Japan .
It ’s critical that we get the word out — everywhere .
We believe that once the Japanese people know , they will demand change . ”
· The dolphins are killed in a secluded cove three hours south of Osaka .
The slaughter is hidden from public view with tarps and nets .
Access is blocked by steel gates , barbed wire , razor ribbon and guards .
· Only a few people , 26 fishermen , are actually involved in the drive in Taiji .
· Migrating dolphins and porpoises are rerouted by 13 fishing boats .
They become disoriented when the fishermen bang on long , metal pipes that have been lowered into the water , eventually getting herded , then sealed into the cove by drawn nets across the entrance .
· The Taiji dolphin slaughter season is from September 1st until April 30th .
ACTION
1 ) Please sign the letter :
http://thecovemovie.com/what_can_you_do/letter_writing.htm
2 ) Please contact Australian Broome City Council as they are the Sister City of Taiji and
ask that they suspend their sister city relationship until the killing stops .
BLOCK e Mail Council contact list :
councillor.mitchell@broome.wa.gov.au
Cr Graeme Campbell
Shire President
Ph : ( 08 ) 9192 1366
Mob : 0407 477 544
Fax : ( 08 ) 9193 5854
Cr Chris Mitchell JP
Deputy Shire President
Ph : ( 08 ) 9192 2450
Mob : 0407 773 258
Fax : ( 08 ) 9192 2451
councillor.mitchell@broome.wa.gov.au Ph : ( 08 ) 9192 2450 Mob : 0407 773 258 Fax : ( 08 ) 9192 2451
Cr Michael Albert
Ph : ( 08 ) 9193 5765
Fax : ( 08 ) 9192 2436
councillor.albert@broome.wa.gov.au Ph : ( 08 ) 9193 5765 Fax : ( 08 ) 9192 2436 Cr
Chris Maher
Ph : ( 08 ) 9193 7316
Mob : 0418 905 244
Fax : ( 08 ) 9193 5244
chris@arthousebroome.com
Cr Robert Lander
Ph : ( 08 ) 9194 1021
councillor.lander@broome.wa.gov.au Cr Nik Wevers
Ph : ( 08 ) 9192 1170
Mob : 0417 998 598
Fax : ( 08 ) 9192 6606
nikwevers@bigpond.com Cr Peter Matsumoto
Ph ( 08 ) 9193 7304
councillor.matsumoto@broome.wa.gov.au Cr Elsta Foy
Ph : ( 08 ) 9192 1739
Fax : ( 08 ) 9192 1739 Councillor.foy@broome.wa.gov.au
Please act today !
With enough pressure the September slaughter might be stopped .
For more info and action pls visit :
http://www.savejapandolphins.org
http://thecovemovie.com
http://www.opsociety.org
Thank you for caring
Teresa
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : CAMPAIGNS - Global Animal Welfare Issues , GENERAL NEWS - International / National / Regional , GLOBAL PETITIONS - Anything Animal , Anywhere ! , VIDEOS |
Features
Download and compile any 2.6 kernel into a .deb package
Auto - fix for ALSA sound in new kernels
Option to install the nVidia kernel module / driver on reboot
Option to reconfigure the X server
KernelCheck can be used for several purposes :
Applications > System Tools > KernelCheck
sudo kernelcheck
Download KernelCheck .deb package for Ubuntu Linux .
Update :
• Fetch latest kernel information ( mature kernel , mature kernel patch , stabledevelopment prepatch ) •
Auto - optimize new kernel• Option to configure kernel options manually • Custom kernel patching • Multiple CPU jobs for faster compilation1 .
Fixing hardware issues2 .
Speeding up your computer with a shiny new kernel3 .
Automatically downloading , compiling , and installing the latest kernelKernelCheck can install any stable 2.6 kernel , the latest stable patch , the latest stable development prepatch , the latest mm patch , a custom patch , or none at all .
Usually the prepatch is less stable than the normal performance patch , but it is still widely used .
After installing KernelCheck ( Ubuntu .deb file download link at the end of the post ) , you will find it under .
You can also open KernelCheck using a terminal and typing in : KernelCheck stopped working some time ago due to some changes made on kernel.org website , but a patch has been released and you can make KernelCheck work again , running 2 simple commands in a terminal .
Read more about patching KernelCheck to make it work again
Proven New York Lawyers For Your Legal Needs
The law firm of Polizzotto & Polizzotto , LLC , welcomes clients from Brooklyn , New York , as well as Bronx , Manhattan and Queens , New York ; Long Island , New York ; or anywhere our services can be beneficial .
Our clients come from as near as down the street in Brooklyn , or as far away as California , Georgia , Michigan or North Carolina .
Clients may consult with us in the following areas :
A Lesson In Timing Attacks ( or , Do n’t use MessageDigest.isEquals )
In which I tell you what a timing attack is and why you should care .
Timing attacks are pretty horrible from the perspective of someone trying to write a secure cryptosystem .
They work against a programmer ’s best instincts — do n’t do extra work — to give an attacker with access to a Statistics 101 textbook a good solid grip on your application ’s guts .
How the hell does that work ?
In short , a timing attack uses statistical analysis of how long it takes your application to do something in order to learn something about the data it ’s operating on .
For HMACs , this means using the amount of time your application takes to compare a given value with a calculated value to learn information about the calculated value .
Take the recent Keyczar vulnerability that Nate Lawson found .
He was able to take the fact that Keyczar used a simple break - on - inequality algorithm to compare a candidate HMAC digest with the calculated digest .
This is the offending code in Python :
return self .
Sign ( msg ) == sig_bytes
and in Java :
return Arrays .
equals ( hmac . doFinal ( ) , sigBytes ) ;
A value which shares no bytes in common with the secret digest will return immediately ; a value which shares the first 15 bytes will return 15 compares later .
That ’s a difference of perhaps microseconds , but given enough attempts — which is usually easy to arrange in web applications ( how many of you throttle requests with bad session cookies ? ) — the random noise becomes a very predictable , normally distributed skew , leaving only the signal .
Well that does n’t seem that bad
Oh , but it is .
I can choose what message I want to be authenticated — let ’s say a session cookie with a specific user ID — and then calculate 256 possible values :
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000 0100000000000000000000000000000000000000 0200000000000000000000000000000000000000 ... snip 250 ...
FD00000000000000000000000000000000000000 FE00000000000000000000000000000000000000 FF00000000000000000000000000000000000000
I go through each of these values until I find one — A100000000000000000000000000000000000000 — that takes a fraction of a millisecond longer than the others .
I now know that the first byte of what the HMAC for that message should be is A1 .
Repeat the process for the remaining 19 bytes , and all of a sudden I ’m logged in as you .
You ca n’t possibly measure that , can you ?
Right about now , most people are thinking about the improbability of measuring the difference between two array comparisons in a web application , given all the routers , parsers , servers , proxies , etc. in the way .
According to Crosby et al. ’s Opportunities And Limits Of Remote Timing Attacks :
We have shown that , even though the Internet induces significant timing jitter , we can reliably distinguish remote timing differences as low as 20µs .
A LAN environment has lower timing jitter , allowing us to reliably distinguish remote timing differences as small as 100ns ( possibly even smaller ) .
These precise timing differences can be distinguished with only hundreds or possibly thousands of measurements .
So .
Almost microsecond resolution with hundreds to thousands of measurements .
Who wants to bet that network jitter compensation models get worse instead of better ?
A worst - case scenario for guessing an HMAC would require 20 × 256 × n 20 \times 256 \times n 20×256×n measurements , where n n n is the number of measurements required to pin down a single byte .
So — around 5,000,000 requests .
You could do that in less than a week at a barely - perceptible 10 req/s .
It ’s an attack which takes some planning and analysis , but it ’s viable .
Well crap .
Now what ?
Instead of using a variable - time algorithm for comparing secrets , you should be using constant - time algorithms .
Lawson recommends something like the following in Python :
def is_equal ( a , b ) : if len ( a ) != len ( b ) : return False result = 0 for x , y in zip ( a , b ) : result |= x ^ y return result == 0
In Java , that would look like this :
public static boolean isEqual ( byte [ ] a , byte [ ] b ) { if ( a . length != b . length ) { return false ; } int result = 0 ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < a . length ; i ++) { result |= a [ i ] ^ b [ i ] ; } return result == 0 ; }
Yay !
Problem solved , right ?
Oh , if only .
Check out what ’s inside of java .
security .
MessageDigest as recently as Java 6.0 Update 15 :
/** * Compares two digests for equality .
Does a simple byte compare .
* * @param digesta one of the digests to compare .
* * @param digestb the other digest to compare .
* * @return true if the digests are equal , false otherwise .
*/ public static boolean isEqual ( byte digesta [ ] , byte digestb [ ] ) { if ( digesta .
length != digestb .
length ) return false ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < digesta .
length ; i ++) { if ( digesta [ i ] != digestb [ i ] ) { return false ; } } return true ; }
Wait What
Yep .
Byte - by - byte comparison ; returns on first inequality .
Just what we do n’t need .
I ’ll be blunt here : any Java application which compares client - provided data to a secret value using MessageDigest.isEqual is vulnerable to timing attacks .
This includes HMACs , decryption results , etc .
I reported this to Sun on July 22nd , 2009 .
It ’s Bug # 6863503 , which is n’t publicly viewable due to the security concerns .
Besides the automated email with the ticket number , I have n’t heard anything from Sun since then .
In my bug report , I was explicit about my intent to follow through according to the RFPolicy , which says
D. If the MAINTAINER goes beyond 5 working days without any communication to the ORIGINATOR , the ORIGINATOR may choose to disclose the ISSUE .
The MAINTAINER is responsible for providing regular status updates ( regarding the resolution of the ISSUE ) at least once every 5 working days .
So here I am , fully disclosing a rather large cryptographic vulnerability in one of the largest programming platforms there is .
I ca n’t tell if that ’s terrible or awesome .
tl;dr
Replace your usage of MessageDigest.isEqual with a constant - time algorithm , like the one above .
Every time you compare two values , ask yourself : what could someone do if they knew either of these values ?
If the answer is at all meaningful , use a constant - time algorithm to compare them .
A Side Note
This would be substantially less of an issue if more cryptographic libraries had better encapsulation .
An HMAC is not just a series of characters or bytes — why treat it as such ?
Why have such a crucial piece of cryptography squirt out its state for others to man-handle ?
Thanks
Nate Lawson ’s Keyczar find got me thinking about timing attacks in my own code .
His When Crypto Attacks talk should be required watching for everyone with access to a compiler .
As sophacles on Hacker News pointed out , I had overly refactored the suggested constant - time algorithms and introduced a more subtle timing attack vulnerability via the return statement ’s boolean expression short - circuit .
The algorithm has been updated to fix this .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) -- Actor Henry Gibson , who played roles ranging from loopy poets to vengeful Illinois Nazis and cranky judges during a 40 - year film and television career , has died at age 73 , his representatives said Wednesday .
Henry Gibson had a role as a neo -Nazi in the cult movie classic " The Blues Brothers . "
Gibson was a regular on " Rowan and Martin 's Laugh - In , " where he was known for popping up to read short , humorous poems during the show 's 1968 - 71 run .
He was a frequent guest star on television shows from the 1970s through the mid-2000s , with a recurring role as a judge on ABC's " Boston Legal " as late as 2008 .
His movie roles included turns in two of director Robert Altman 's 1970s films , " Nashville " and " The Long Goodbye , " and as the neo - Nazi leader pursuing John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd in " The Blues Brothers . "
No details of his death were immediately available , said Peter Gross , a spokesman Talentworks LA , which represented Gibson .
CNN 's Doug Ganley contributed to this report .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown apologized Friday to the mathematician Alan Turing , who committed suicide in 1954 after he was tried and convicted of “ gross indecency ” for being homosexual .
Mr. Brown said that Turing had been treated “ terribly ” and that the outcome of World War II could have been quite different had it not been for Turing ’s efforts in cracking German codes , notably the Enigma coding machine .
Turing is often hailed for his influence on modern computing .
Thousands of people have signed a petition calling for a formal apology from the government , though Turing has no known surviving family , The Daily Telegraph reported .
Writing in the newspaper , Mr. Brown said : “ On behalf of the British government , and all those who live freely thanks to Alan ’s work , I am very proud to say :
We ’re sorry .
You deserved so much better . ”
Turing was sentenced , as an alternative to prison , to chemical castration by a series of injections of female hormones , the prime minister noted .
COVID - 19 Update ( Tues. 22 September 2020 ) :
Notice :
As per the latest advice issued by the Irish Government , all tours are suspended until further notice .
All future tours will be fully compliant with any government advised safety & hygiene protocols .
Further updates will follow .
Update : Due to a nationwide lockdown which came into effect on Friday 27th March there has been a drastic reduction in the number of colleagues available to deal with enquiries .
All enquiries will be dealt with , but under the circumstances , our normally excellent response time may be delayed somewhat .
We will be unable to deal with telephone enquiries until further notice .
Please send all enquiries to info@railtoursireland.com .
Stay Safe during this time , the Railtours Ireland Team .
I am in the end stages of a divorce , so they tell me , but I cannot help feeling the system is incredibly bias when looking at child custody .
My story is unfortunately like many military members : I was in Iraq , upon my return I received the “ Dear John ” call , found out she had a boyfriend , etc .
I have two daughters , now ages 4 and 6 , that I love dearly .
I spend as much time as I can with them and want more – we currently have the great California mandated 50 /50 plan .
Throughout the entire process she has continually lied and violated every restraining order or stipulation that has been put in place and there have been no repercussions .
I have sworn to defend our country and Constitution but when it comes to my rights as a father , I feel like I have none .
She lives with her boyfriend , has for over 14 months , and I still have to pay spousal support because she denies it .
I have proof of her living arrangement and her deliberately under reporting her income but I continually get told “ we ’ll work that into the final settlement . ”
I filed for divorce in May 2008 , in June 2009 petitioned for bifurcation so she could be divorced in title but still leave the financial pieces outstanding .
I was advised that I should sign because she could try to hit me up for legal fees if I did n’t .
I signed .
The reason she wanted the bifurcation was twofold , her boyfriend was a military member and it could impact his career and she was 8 months pregnant !
To recap , she had an affair , left me with all the bills , I pay spousal support and child support , she lies about her hours , lives with her boyfriend , is pregnant …
In our child sharing arrangement we have a four - hour right of first refusal , so if they are going to be out of either one of our care the other parent must be allowed to care for the children .
Throughout the process I have argued that she leaves them with her friend or boyfriend for a couple hours and then they drop them off at the babysitting place where she works ( she is a trainer at a gym ) and they watch my daughters for a few hours – in my mind this is against the order .
Of course my ex-wife tries to twist it and she has been successful .
This past weekend she sent her friend to pick up the children from me , she texted me to tell me this after she was already late to pick them up .
I refused to surrender the children ; she threatened to call the police but knew that I was right .
She told me that the doctor had told her she was not to walk or drive until she was seen at an appointment the next day , I told her I would keep the children that night and take them to her tomorrow .
She refused , so I offered to take them to her home .
I dropped my daughters off at her home and left after they went inside .
The next day I asked her what her plan was for the children when she went to deliver , she refused to tell me – none of my business .
Today I picked up my daughters and they told me that the baby was here !
Apparently she texted and called me Sunday from the hospital , she delivered Saturday night / Sunday morning .
My daughters spent the night at my ex-wife ’s friend ’s home – her boyfriend was the only one at the house when I dropped them off … so nothing but lies the entire time .
I have read several articles about Parental Alienation Syndrome ; luckily my daughters have not displayed any of those symptoms yet .
Though my ex-wife continually probes my children about what they do with me at my home and then attacks it .
She uses the children as messengers : “ Mommy said we ca n’t do that … ” etc .
She has even gone to the extreme of telling them that I do not want them .
She has continually ignored my rights to be with my daughters and has gone out of her way to make things difficult .
The hardest part about all of this to accept is that I put on my uniform every day , I have sworn to defend our country and Constitution but when it comes to my rights as a father , I feel like I have none .
I did not mean to rant on about this or try to make anyone feel sorry for me ; I am just a frustrated father that is tired .
I am tired of dealing with lies and seeing nothing done .
I am tired of drying my daughter ’s tears when I have to take them to spend time with their mother .
I am tired of telling lawyers and judges things and having the evidence ignored or not seen because they only have an hour for me .
I am tired of feeling like anything she accuses me of or says is fact , I have to prove it a lie and anything I accuse her of , I have to prove is true … it seems like the courts give her the benefit of the doubt in all cases and it is exhausting .
I have shared some of my experiences on my site , http://batteredwarrior.typepad.com/a_battered_warrior/, feel free to visit or comment .
I know I am not alone , it is just frustrating dealing with a system that is so incredibly biased and the children are the ones caught in the middle .
About Me : I am a Marine Officer and a single father .
Though I am a Marine , I do not let my title define me .
I am a romantic and have the scars to show for it .
I love being a daddy – any man can be a father , but you have to want to be a daddy .
God , my children , weight lifting , football , motorcycles , writing , poetry and painting are my interests .
TEL AVIV , Israel ( AP )  Kaspars Gorks scored the lone goal Saturday to give Latvia a 1 - 0 victory over Israel in a World Cup qualifier at Ramat Gan stadium .
The Queens Park Rangers striker headed in from a corner kick in the 59th minute , keeping the Latvians ' 2010 World Cup hopes alive while all but ending Israel 's chances of playing in South Africa .
Israel was in control for the majority of the game but was unable to translate possession into goals .
Yaniv Katan was the standout player for the home team , setting several chances throughout the match .
One of the best chances came in the 15th minute when Katan crossed for left back Dedi Ben Dayan whose header flew wide of the post .
Eight minutes into the second half Katan himself had a powerful shot from outside the area , forcing a save from Latvian goalkeeper Andris Vanins .
As German referee Knut Kircher blew the final whistle , boos broke out throughout the stadium from the crowd of 25,000 .
Israel captain Yossi Benayoun was substituted in the 66th minute and appeared to argue with coach Dror Kashtan after he left the field .
After the game he admitted he had been upset at not being able play to the end .
" Of course I was annoyed .
This is natural .
It was the last 20 minutes and I wanted to play , " he said .
Kashtan said he thought Israel now has no chance of making it to South Africa .
" This match was a massive disappointment , " he said .
" We have n't reached a World Cup in 40 years and we will have to wait a little longer . " ___ Lineups : Israel : Dudu Aouate Yuval Shpungin , Gal Alberman ( Tamir Cohen , 45 ) , Avi Strul , Dedi Ben Dayan , Biram Kiyal , Yaniv Katan ( Avriam Bruchian , 66 ) , Elyaniv Barda , Omer Golan ( Ben Sahar , 62 ) , Dekel Keinan , Yossi Benayoun .
Latvia : Andris Vanins , Vistalis Astefjevs , Oskar Klava , Deniss Ivanovs , Deniss Kacanovs , Alexandrs Cauna ( Jurijs Zigajevs , 81 ) , Maris Verpakovskis ( Andrejs Pereplotkins , 91 ) , Andrejs Rubins ( Dzintars Zirnis , 81 ) , Girts Karlsons , Kaspar Gorks , Vladimirs Kolesnicenko .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Judging by his résumé , Craig Breslow is the smartest man in baseball , if not the entire world .
A lefty reliever for the Athletics , Mr. Breslow graduated from Yale with a degree in molecular biophysics and biochemistry before trying his hand at professional sports .
Where did those brains get him ?
He has yet to find a permanent home , playing for five different teams in four seasons .
Yet with Mr. Breslow in their bullpen last year , the Twins led the AL Central until the final day of the season .
So can smart players ...
Awesome Cheese Sculptures
Artist Sarah Kaufmann created a life - size sculpture of astronaut Neil Armstrong made out of Wisconsin cheddar cheese .
It was to go on display this week at the Neil Armstrong Air & Space Museum in Wapakoneta , Ohio .
Unfortunately , the air conditioners at the museum are turned off every night to save energy , and the statue started melting and slid off of its base .
Zombie - food
In Short ; Wheat - and dairy products contain opioid peptides influencing endorphin receptors in the brain .
These peptides are physically addictive , causing dependence , asthma , obesity , apathy , ignorance and numbness .
The same goes for beta - carbolines from prepared food .
To be sharp and investigative , you ought to consume neither dairy - nor wheat - products .
You do n't need those ‘ foods ’ at all .
( see site4 and 13 / plants )
To obtain all required nutrients and to remain sharp and investigative ; consume as much fruits ( there are about 6000 different fruits ) , and some fresh raw animal food regularly ( like sashimi or egg yolk ) .
And for munch - food ; only consume what you really , really love to eat ( and not because they say it ’s healthy ) , containing little protein , but much fat and / or sugar , satisfying your cravings for munch - food .
See diet suggestions
In Detail ; Zombies Look around you ; do n't you see many zombies ?
Why do so many people act like zombies nowadays ?
It 's not natural , for every specie has to react swiftly upon changes , and needs to explore new opportunities .
You might say that humans are mainly ' followers ' , like it would be true for cattle .
But by nature , humans do not live together in large numbers ; we 're not like cattle .
Millions of years ago , humans at the most lived together by the dozens , and not thousands , or even millions .
Therefore , lots of us humans should be curious , investigative and explorative .
What makes so many people so apathetic , slow and ignorant ?
Opioid Peptides
Everybody knows that if one uses morphine , one is slow and apathetic .
Simply because morphine is an opioid substance .
The only reason why we , and other animals , are sensitive to such substances , is because our body and brain contain receptors for opioid peptides .
Why ?
When we have to flee from danger but are wounded , we have to be able to run away anyway .
Therefore the body produces opioid peptides to ease the pain , when necessary .
These opioid peptides are called endorphins .
Marathon - runners know the action of these endorphins as ' runner ’s high ' ; it enables them to go on even when exhausted .
Without the proper receptors , these endorphins ( and anesthetics !! ) do n’t work .
Besides drugs and endorphins , opioid - receptors in the brain are susceptible to some other opioid substances : those that are absorbed through consuming food .
This happens because far from all peptides are entirely decomposed into single amino acids in the digestive tract .
( 1 ) Also , most opioid peptides are hard to decompose .
( 2 ) But why do some foods contain opioid peptides ?
And what foods ?
Milk
Milk is always , always mother 's milk , meant for the suckling .
We decided to consider mothers ' milk from cows , goats , sheep , camels , or from whatever other animal as food for human beings , but by nature this , of course , it is n't true .
Human - like beings have existed for 2 to 3 million years , and man did not start to drink mothers ' milk from other animals until at the most 0.01 million years ago .
For over 99 % of our existence , we did not regard cow 's milk as food for human beings .
Why do we so now ?
Economics
When humans migrated to areas where less fruits could be found , it was necessary to find other foods .
Economically , it appeared to be more efficient to repeatedly take milk from the cattle than to slaughter them for meat .
Where the least fruits could be found ( Northern Europe ) , humans best adapted to consuming cow ’s milk ; colored people are far more allergic to cow ’s milk - proteins and / or –lactose than white people .
But why does milk contain opioid peptides ?
From womb to breast milk
The human head is relatively big , and that 's why human infants come out to the world too early ; in comparison to other primates gestation length should be 21 months instead of 9 .
But by then the baby 's head would be far too big to pass the pelvis .
That 's why human infants actually are n't ready for the outside world ; they can't even walk !!
Suckling is a compensation for being born too early .
Through mother ’s milk the baby receives all kind of messenger - substances .
These messenger - substances stimulate development and functioning of different organs , including the brain .
( see this site )
Therefore , children that have been nursed are generally smarter than those that have n't .
( see this site )
And because mother ’s milk is that important , it contains substances that have to make sure the baby wants to drink lots of milk all the time ; Opioid peptides in Milk Besides a non-opioid peptide stimulating appetite ( 3 ) , milk by nature contains different opioid peptides , hidden in milk - proteins such as caseïn , lactalbumin , beta - lactaglobulin and lactoferrin .
Milk - opioid peptides are : beta - casomorphins ( 4 ) , alpha - caseïn exorphins , casoxins , beta - casorphins , alpha - lactorphins , beta - lactorphins and lactaferroxins .
( 5 ) Absorption
After having consumed a milk - product , it is digested in the digestive tract .
Milk - proteins are decomposed by enzymes into normal peptides , opioid peptides and amino acids .
To make sure the baby absorbs as much complete opioid peptides and growth factors , milk also contains substances ( lactose , substance P ) enhancing permeability of the intestinal mucus .
( 6 ) And to prevent the decomposition of the peptides , these peptides are relatively indigestible .
( 7 ) These opioid peptides cause physical dependence in the young , to make sure it wants to drink lots of mother ’s milk .
Also , it makes the young sleep enough .
( 8 ) Of course , these opioids can also cause constipation .
( 9 ) Unfortunately , adult milk - consumers also absorb those opioid peptides .
Because food - manufacturers want us to be physically dependent to the food they sell , you can find milk - and wheat - proteins in lots of different food - products .
Even some meat - products contain milk - and / or wheat - proteins .
Wheat Plants use different tactics to scare off attackers .
Some plants contain poison , others just anaesthetize their attackers , like wheat does with opioid peptides .
Because wheat contains opioid peptides , priests in ancient Egypt used wheat to hallucinate , and in bandages , to ease the pain of a wound .
All wheat - products , like bread , pasta , pizza , cookies , cake and pastries contain opioid peptides .
The roman rulers already new that the people would n't rise against them as long as they were entertained and fed bread .
Opioid peptides in wheat - products
One single wheat - gluten protein - molecule contains 15 samples of one particular opioid peptide .
( 10 ) Wheat - gluten also contains a number of extremely powerful opioid peptides ( 11 ) .
Some of these molecules are even 100 times more powerful than a morphine - molecule .
( 12 ) Opioid peptides in wheat - gluten are ; Glycine - Tyrosine - Tyrosine - Proline ( 11 ) Tyrosine - Glycine - Glycine - Tryptophane ( 11 ) Tyrosine - Proline - Isoleucine - Serine - Leucine ( 11 ) Tyrosine - Glycine - Glycine - Tryptophane - Leucine ( 13 ) , which is the most powerful one .
Tyrosine - Glycine - Glycine - is also the sequence of the first three amino acids in endorphins ; opioid peptides produced by the body , influencing the same receptors in the brain .
Therefore , wheat - opioid peptides can ' sedate ' the bowels so much that constipation is caused .
( 13 ) Because some wheat - opioids are extremely powerful , some schizophrenics can even be cured by not eating any wheat - products anymore .
( 14 )
To compensate the analgesic effect of the opioid peptides , wheat - products very often contain rosemarin - extract , which is a powerful ' upper ' .
Brainfood
If you want to be sharp , fast , and able to focus up to 24 hours a day , you 've got to stop consuming milk - and wheat - products .
Eat foods that stimulate your brain ; see brainfood
The Advantages of Opioid Peptides
Of course there are also advantages of opioid peptides ; when your bowels move too much , you can consume wheat - products to slow them down .
And when your stomach contains too much acids , milk products help .
Having a toothache , chewing bread can relieve the pain for about 10 minutes .
Wheat - and dairy - products are not foods but drugs .
© 2000 - 2006 Copyright Artists Cooperative Groove Union U.A .
Home + navigation bar :
or without frames :
Sources
Abstracts of most sources can be found at the National Library of Medicine ( 1 ) Meisel , H. , Frister , H. in : Barth , C.A. & Schlimme , E. , Milk Proteins : Nutritional , Clinical , Functional and Technological Aspects .
Darmstadt 1988 / 143 .
(2) Svedberg , J.et al , Demonstration of beta - casomorphin immunoreactive materials in in vitro digests of bovine milk and in small intestine contents after bovine milk ingestion in adult humans .
Peptides 1985 / 6 / pag.825-830 . , Loukas , S. et al , Opioid activities and structures of alpha - casein - derived exorphins .
Biochemistry 1983 / 22 ( 19 ) / 4567-4573 . , Zioudrou , C. et al , Opioid peptides derived from food proteins .
The exorphins .
J. Biol .
Chem.1979 / 254 ( 7 ) / 2446-2449 . ( 3 ) Flood , J.F. et al , Increased food intake by neuropeptide Y is due to an increased motivation to eat .
Peptides 1991 / 12 ( 6 ) / 1329-1332 . , Koldovsky , O. , Search for the role of milk borne biologically active peptides for the suckling .
J.Nutr .
1989 / 119 ( 11 ) / 1543-1551 .
(4) Teschemacher , H. et al , Chemical characterization and opiod activity of an exorphin isolated from in vivo digests of casein .
FEBS Lett. 1986 / 196 ( 2 ) / 223-227. , Chang , K. - J. et al , Isolation of a specific mu-opiate receptor peptide , morphiceptin , from an enzymatic digest of milk proteins .
J. Biol .
Chem . 1985 / 260 ( 17 ) / pag. 9706-9712 .
(5) Teschemacher , H. et al , Milk protein - derived opioid receptor ligands .
Biopolymers .
1997 / 43 ( 2 ) / 99-117 .
(6) Bell , R.R. et al , The influence of milk in the diet on the toxicity of orally ingested lead in rats .
Food and Cosmetics Toxicology 1981 / 19 / 429-436 . , Lembeck , F. et al , Substance P as neurogenic mediator of antidromic vasodilation and neurogenic plasma extravasation .
Arch . Pharmacol .
1979 / 310 ( 2 ) / 175-183 .
(7) Read , L.C. et al , Absorption of beta - casomorphins from autoperfused lamb and piglet small intestine .
Am. J. Physiol .
1990 / 259 ( 3 pt 1 ) / G443-452 .
(8) Koldovsky , O. , Search for the role of milk borne biologically active peptides for the suckling .
J.Nutr .
1989 / 119 ( 11 ) / 1543-1551 . , Buts , J.P. Bioactive factors in milk .
Arch . Pediatr .
1998 / 5 ( 3 ) / 298-306 .
(9 ) Iacono , G. et al , Intolerance of cow 's milk and chronic constipation in children .
New England Journal of Medicine 1998 / 339 ( 16 ) / 1100 - 1104 .
( 10 ) Fukudome , S. et al , Release of opioid peptides , gluten exorphins by the action of pancreatic elastase .
FEBS Lett. 1997 / 412 ( 3 ) / 475-479 .
( 11 ) Fukudome , S. et al , Gluten exorphin C : a novel opioid peptide derived from wheat gluten .
FEBS Lett. 1993 / 316 ( 1 ) / 17-19 .
( 12 ) Max , B. , This and that : an artefactual alkaloid and its peptide analogs .
Trends Pharmacol .
Sci. 1992 / 13 ( 9 ) / 341-345 .
( 13 ) Fukodome , S. et al , Opioid peptides derived from wheat gluten : their isolation and characterization .
FEBS lett .
1992 / 296 ( 1 ) / 107-111 .
( 14 ) Dohan , F.C. , Genetics and idiopathic schizophrenia .
Am. J. Psychiatry 1989 / 146 ( 11 ) / 1522-1523 . , Dohan , F.C. , Genetic hypothesis of idiopathic schizophrenia : its exorphin connection .
Schizophr .
Bull .
1988 / 14 ( 4 ) / 489-494 . , Paroli , E. et al , Opioid peptides from food ( the exorphins ) .
World Rev. Nutr. Diet .
1988 / 55 / 58-97 . , Morley , J.E. , Food peptides .
A new class of hormones ?
J. Am. Med. Assoc. 1982 / 247 ( 17 ) / 2379-2380 , Ross - Smith , P. et al , Diet ( gluten ) and Schizophrenia .
J. Hum . Nutr . 1980 / 34 ( 2 ) / 107-112 .
Benjamin Franklin ’s Religion & Jesus of Nazareth
Continuing with our series on the Founding Fathers Religion and their reflections on God , and Christianity , we move today to some commentary from that Progressive Christian and inventor Benjamin Franklin .
The following passage is taken from a letter Franklin wrote to the reverend Ezra Stile in 1790 , when Franklin was 84 years old , and Stile was serving as president of Yale College .
Here we find Franklin discussing his perspectives on religion and the significance of Jesus of Nazareth .
Considering Franklin is 84 , it is especially interesting to note his statement that this is the first time he has been questioned about his religious beliefs .
True to form , Ben Franklin ’s answers reveal the reasonable common sense approach that the candle - maker ’s son took towards life , as well as the calm and good - natured temperament for which he was well - known .
This correspondence is probably the most definitive one we have on Benjamin Franklin ’s religion .
His “ creed ” is certainly one worth emulating .
You desire to know something of my religion .
It is the first time I have been questioned upon it .
But I do not take your curiosity the wrong way , and will try in a few words to gratify it .
Here is my creed : I believe in one God , creator of the universe ; that He governs it by his providence ; that He ought to be worshiped ; that the most acceptable service we can render Him is to do good to his other Children .
And that the Soul of Man is immortal , and will be treated with justice in another life respecting its conduct in this .
These I take to be the fundamental principles of all sound religions , and I admire them , as you do , in whatever sect I meet them .
As to Jesus of Nazareth , my opinion of whom you particularly desire , I think the system of morals and his religion , as he left them to us , to be the best the world has ever seen , or is likely to see .
But I believe it has received various corrupting changes , and I am in accord with the present dissenters in England in having some doubts regarding Jesus ’s divinity : although it is a question I do not dogmatize upon , having never studied it , and think it needless to busy myself with it now , when I expect soon the opportunity of knowing the truth with less trouble .
I see no harm however in it being believed , if that belief has the good consequence , as probably it has , of making his doctrines more respected and better observed .
I shall only add respecting myself that having experienced the Goodness of that Being in conducting me prosperously through a long Life , I have no doubt of its continuance in the next , even though I hold not the smallest conceit of meriting such Goodness .
—-
Read the next article in our series on the Founding Fathers : John Dickinson , Divine Providence & Our Freedom
When you choose Scott H. Palmer , P.C. , you 'll have not just one attorney working your case , but a whole team .
Our team approach allows us to handle all types of legal matters efficiently .
Bringing our knowledge and resources together , we find and develop innovative solutions to meet your unique needs .
Additionally , we 'll handle your case with compassion and respect .
We know that the outcome can affect your life for years to come , which is why we will work closely with you , listen to your needs and concerns , and stand by your side every step of the way .
Working as a team also allows us to provide the legal representation you need regardless of the issue you 're facing .
Our attorneys practice specific areas of the law , which means whether you 're involved in a criminal defense , personal injury , family law , or civil rights case , you can rest assured knowing that we can effectively handle the matter .
Surviving the World A Photocomic Education by Dante Shepherd
Lesson # 453 - Construction Delays
I 've tried being the guy that purposely drives in the left lane , but at the speed of traffic in the right , to block jackasses from speeding by , and making sure that traffic keeps regularly moving .
I 've felt this actually works pretty well .
My wife has also tried it , and people have driven onto the shoulder to get around her .
Really - how much of a jackass do you want to be ?
People at construction delays set new heights .
Abmahndafé Peter Mühlbauer
Ein Musikfan zerstört seine Iron - Maiden - Sammlung und spendet der Piratenpartei ein Anwaltshonorar
Früher sah man Musiktonträger häufig als eine Art Investition - nun scheint das Risiko bei der Veräußerung teilweise größer als der Wiederverkaufswert :
Der wegen des Verkaufs einer alten Iron - Maiden - CD abgemahnte Hood .
de - Nutzer aus Ettlingen , über den Telepolis in der letzten Woche berichtete , zertrümmerte am Wochenende nicht nur die abgemahnte CD , sondern auch den Rest seiner Iron - Maiden - Sammlung - " um sicher zu stellen , dass sich unter den vermeintlich originalen CDs nicht wieder ein Bootleg befindet " .
Dann schickte er sie dem abmahnenden Anwalt nach Hamburg .
Gleichzeitig bezahlte er " ohne die Anerkennung einer Rechtspflicht " die geforderte Gebühr , überwies aber , den gleichen Betrag auch an die Piratenpartei , weil er im Abmahnwesen " dringenden Handlungsbedarf und wenig Bewegung bei den etablierten Parteien " sieht .
Besonders schwer nachvollziehbar war für ihn , dass der abmahnende Anwalt ohne finanzielle Folgen eine viel zu kurze Frist setzen und ein " völlig unpassendes Urteil " nennen konnte , während er als Nichtjurist für Verstöße gegen seiner Ansicht nach nicht einmal erahnbare Pflichten kräftig zur Kasse gebeten wird .
Zu Ärger des Ettlingers trug auch bei , dass sich Iron Maiden lange als fanfreundlicheres Gegenstück zu Metallica stilisiert hatten .
Laut.de zufolge rief beispielsweise der Sänger Bruce Dickinson bei einem Konzert im Osloer Spectrum 17.000
Fans dazu auf , einen Song aus dem damals noch unveröffentlichten Album Dance Of Death mitzuschneiden und zu verbreiten : " Wir sind nicht Metallica [...] holt eure Digital - Rekorder , MP3 - Player oder Handys raus und stellt ihn ins Internet " .
Der Anwalt und die Rechteinhaberindustrie versuchten der Empörung , die sich nach dem Bekanntwerden der Abmahnung Bahn brach , dadurch zu begegnen , dass sie in gefälligen Medien lancierten , die Meldung würde " verschleiern " , dass es sich bei der abgemahnten CD um einen " Bootleg " gehandelt habe ( obwohl dieser Begriff im Text sogar ausdrücklich vorkam ) .
Die nachgeschobene Darstellung des Anwalts suggeriert jedoch , dass für den Anbieter beim Kauf des Tonträgers erkennbar gewesen sei , dass sich dieser aus rechtlichen Gründen nicht zum Wiederverkauf eignen könnte .
Doch war die CD auch schon Mitte der 1990er , als sie der Abgemahnte kaufte , ein " Bootleg " ?
Und wenn ja , warum durfte sie dann in deutschen Elektrogroßmärkten legal verkauft werden ?
Dass sie in den 1990er Jahren " in größeren Stückzahlen " verkauft wurde , gab der abmahnende Anwalt unter anderem in einem Leserbrief an das Rock Hard zu .
Tatsächlich wird als Grundlage der Abmahnung eine nicht näher spezifizierte Rechtslageänderung geltend gemacht , welche den Tonträger vom Status des Legalen in den des Illegalen befördert haben soll .
Nachprüfen lässt sich so etwas unter anderem deshalb schwer , weil der abgemahnte Musikfan auf den Wunsch nach konkreteren Angaben hin lediglich mit dem Verweis auf " eine Vielzahl gerichtlicher Verfahren für die Iron Maiden Holdings Ltd. " beschieden wurde .
Was ein " Bootleg " ist , und was nicht , hängt in jedem Fall nicht nur vom räumlichen , sondern auch vom zeitlichen Standort ab .
Allein deshalb ist die Behauptung unsinnig , dass man einen " Bootleg " ohne Spezialwissen als solchen erkennen könnte : Denn selbst wenn irgendwo " Bootleg " draufsteht , wie etwa bei einer Bob - Dylan - Serie , dann kann das ein Tonträger sein , der ( zumindest zum jetzigen Zeitpunkt ) als so ausreichend lizenziert gilt , dass eine Abmahnung dafür möglicherweise ohne ausreichende Rechtsgrundlage wäre .
Auch handelt es sich bei den aktuell beim Wiederverkauf abgemahnten CDs keineswegs nur um Live - Aufnahmen in schlechter Tonqualität .
Vielen Werke , auf denen
The Sweet steht , sind beispielsweise Studioaufnahmen , die Brian Connolly , ein Mitglied der Originalbesetzung der Band , unter diesem Namen veröffentlichte .
Weil sich jedoch der später in die Band geholte Andrew Scott ein Schutzrecht auf den Namen eintragen ließ , konnte er die Musik Conollys aus dem Verkehr ziehen lassen - was er gemeinsam mit einem Hamburger Rechtsanwalt auch 12 Jahre nach dessen
Tod noch macht .
Eine beim britischen Musikverlag Bestdirect erschienene CD von Jose Carreras und Placido Domingo war für den durchschnittlichen Käufer ebenfalls keineswegs als " Bootleg " erkennbar .
Hier ließ die Tatsache , dass die Tonträger lange unbehelligt verkauft werden konnten , während man eBay - Nutzer massenhaft abmahnt , in Foren Spekulationen darüber reifen , dass sich das " Melken " einer Vielzahl von Privatverkäufern möglicherweise mehr lohnt , als das Zuschicken einer Unterlassungserklärung an einen oder wenige professionelle Anbieter , die über Rechtsabteilungen verfügen .
Im Fall von Bestdirect ließe sich möglicherweise noch argumentieren , dass die Sänger vom Musikverlag vielleicht nicht das von ihnen verlangte Salär erhielten - auch wenn es unbillig erscheint , dafür arglose Dritte in Anspruch zu nehmen .
Für die in den USA und Japan gekauften CDs , welche in Deutschland beim Wiederverkauf abgemahnt werden können , greift jedoch nicht einmal dieses Argument :
Sie sind keine Live - Aufnahmen in erkennbar schlechter Tonqualität , sondern ganz regulär erschienene Werke , für welche sowohl Musiker als auch Urheber vertragsgemäß bezahlt wurden .
Trotzdem sorgt eine Verbraucherschutzlücke dafür , dass Privatleute im Falle eines Weiterverkaufs weit über den Wert der Objekte hinaus zur Kasse gebeten werden können .
Bei all diesen abgemahnten Tonträgern handelt es sich keineswegs um solche , die als nicht ausreichend lizenziert erkennbar gewesen wären .
Echte - also leicht erkennbare - " Bootlegs " tauchen in Internet - Verkaufsplattformen kaum mehr auf , sondern werden stattdessen in relativ " rechtsfreien Räumen " wie Flohmärkten , Plattenbörsen oder Second - Hand - Plattenläden angeboten .
Weil im Netz abgemahnte Alben dort angeblich besonders hohe Preise erzielen , weckt die Forderung von Anwälten auf Herausgabe der inkriminierten Scheiben bei den Abgemahnten teilweise ein gewisses Misstrauen , das durch Geständnisse wie dem , dass ein Abmahner selbst " Bootlegs " kaufte , noch verstärkt wird .
Allerdings hätte sich solch ein Geschäft im Falle der abgemahnten Iron - Maiden - CD kaum gelohnt : Das Branchenportal Mediabiz warf dem Ettlinger zwar ( in einem vor unrichtigen Behauptungen strotzenden Text ) vor , dass er mit dem Tonträger , den er tatsächlich bei Hood .
de angeboten hatte , " bei eBay einen Höchstpreis erzielen wollte " , verschwieg aber , dass der abmahnende
Anwalt ihn für ganze drei Euro ersteigern konnte , weil sich sonst niemand dafür interessierte .
Weil dieser abmahnende
Anwalt sowohl gegenüber Telepolis als auch gegenüber dem Spiegel darauf hinwies , dass jemand , der " sicher gehen " wolle , " im Zweifelsfall einfach gar keine alten Iron - Maiden - Produkte verkaufen " solle , vermutet der Ettlinger Heavy - Metal - Fan , dass die Abmahnungen auch dem Zweck dienen könnten , Personen , die ihre alten CDs verkaufen möchten , zu verunsichern , um so das Gebrauchtangebot an legalen Tonträgern zu verknappen , damit potentielle Käufer eher zu Neupressungen greifen , an denen die Band und die Rechteverwerterindustrie nochmals Geld verdienen .
( Peter Mühlbauer )
脱毛施術の方法や効果的に行なう方法などについて紹介しています。前回のカウンセリングの結果を見て脱毛施術を依頼しました。そのときのポイントなどについて参考にしてください。
カウンセリングの予約をしました。最適なサロンを選ぶ方法で通いやすさなどのポイントに沿って選んでいるのでこれから通い方に参考になるでしょう。ワキをつるつるにするサロンを見つけましょう。
ふと気づくムダ 毛
医療機関とエステサロンでの脱毛の違いを知り川崎のクリニック選ぶなら口コミとランキングを参考にしよう
医療レーザー脱毛を受けたくてアリシアクリニックに行くのを検討しているなら口コミではわからない詳細も確認して判断しよう
健康のためのジム通い。現代に生きる社会人のたしなみですよね。上司に勧誘されたんですよね。
というのは冗談にしても、学生時代とちがって、社会人になってからは運動不足になりがちです。そこで、適度な運動を生活に取り入れて、健康な身体を手に入れるためにジムに通うようになりました。ジムで取り組んでいるのは、主に水泳とランニングです。水泳の方が、全身のバランスよくダイエットすることができそうなので、水泳を中心としたメニューをするようにしています。他にも早めに帰宅できたときや、土日でジムに通う時間がある時は、エアロビクスやヨガ、ティラピスなどのレッスンを受けることにしています。このようなレッスンを受けるようになってから、レオタードのようなジム専用のウェアを着るようになりました。はじめはTシャツとジャージでしていたのですが、動きにくかったことと、形も拘りたいなと思って。そんなある日のことでした。着替えをしていて、ふと自分のワキをみると！！なんと黒い毛がちくちくと・・・・・。ワキ脱毛しておけばよかったー！！！！この瞬間にワキ脱毛をすることを決意しました。ワキ脱毛をして完璧にきれいなワキになる。そして二度とこんなショックな体験はしたくない。そんな、涙に滲んだワキ脱毛開始の決意でした。
ジムに勧誘されて通い始めてしばらくたってから、ワキのムダ毛に気づいたのがショックだったんですよね。大体２ヶ月ぐらい。そろそろ慣れてきたなーって頃でした。自分で自己処理は昔から頑張っている方だったし、ジムにいく前の日って絶対にムダ毛処理をしているんですよ。毛抜きとカミソリでしっかりとじっくりとしているつもりでした。だから、まさか自分がワキのムダ毛を処理していない状態で、ジムに行ってしまっているなんて思っていなくて。着替える時にも意識していなかったんですよね。そのショックを受けた日も、前日にいつも通りきちんとケアしてるんです。だから、なおさらショックでした。
夏前に気になるVIOゾーンを千葉で脱毛できるクリニックを探そう医療レーザー脱毛ができるクリニックがオススメ！
実際に体験した人の声を参考にして脱毛できるクリニックを探すなら口コミサイトのクリニック情報を確認しよう
定期的に利用しムダ毛を処理す大阪でオススメするブラジリアンワックステレビや雑誌などでも特集され、注目のお店ですよ！
Enlarge By Kent Gilbert , AP Costa Rican Dr. Luis Obando prepares to perform a root canal on Bill Jones , of Dallas , Texas , at Meza Dental Care in San Jose , Costa Rica .
Jones said he elected to have the surgery in Costa Rica because he was able to save substantially compared to what he would have had to pay in the USA .
COSTS , SAVINGS COSTS , SAVINGS Medical tourism trips offer steep savings , but they do n't pack enough financial might to play a key role in President Obama 's push to lower U.S. health care costs .
Medical travel cost U.S. health care providers about $ 5.1 billion in business in 2007 , according to estimates by Paul Keckley , executive director of the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions .
While significant , that amounts to less than 1 % of the $ 2.36 trillion spent on health care in the United States that year .
Medical tourism can yield savings of as much as 80 % on some procedures compared to care in the United States .
But traveling is n't for everyone and these trips are generally not an option for emergencies .
A patient 's willingness to travel for non-emergency care often depends on the savings at stake .
With a low deductible and no incentives from an insurer or employer to travel , a patient may have little motivation to make a trip .
Any result from the Washington reform push is unlikely to affect medical tourism , Keckley said , because it wo n't lower costs enough to erase price gaps with foreign care providers .
HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER Elizabeth Kunz left her dentist 's office this spring with a mouth full of problems and no way to pay for them .
The South Carolina resident went out of her way , literally , to find a solution , which turned out to be in Central America .
Her trip to the tropics is part of a health insurance experiment for trimming medical costs : overseas care .
As Washington searches for ways to tame the country 's escalating health care costs , more insurers are offering networks of surgeons and dentists in places like India and Costa Rica , where costs can be as much as 80 % less than in America .
Until recently , most Americans traveling abroad for cheaper non-emergency medical care were either uninsured or wealthy .
But the profile of medical tourists is changing .
Now , they are more likely to be people covered by private insurers , which are looking to keep costs from spiraling out of control .
The four largest commercial U.S. health insurers — with enrollments totaling nearly 100 million people — have either launched pilot programs offering overseas travel or explored it .
Several smaller insurers and brokers also have introduced travel options for hundreds of employers around the country .
Growth has been slow in part because some patients and employers have concerns about care quality and legal responsibility if something goes wrong .
Plus , patients who have traditional plans with low deductibles may have little incentive to take a trip .
But a growing number of consumers with high - deductible plans , which make patients pay more out of pocket , could make these trips more inviting .
In the meantime , the insurance industry 's embrace of overseas care has had a pleasant side effect at home : some U.S. care providers are offering price breaks to counter the foreign competition .
This domestic competition and the slumping economy have led to slower growth for medical tourism over the past year , as patients put off elective procedures that involve big out of pocket costs , said Paul Keckley , executive director of the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions .
Last year , the center estimated that 6 million Americans would make medical tourism trips in 2010 .
But Keckley has since shaved that projection to about 1.6 million people .
Still , that more than doubles the roughly 750,000 Americans who traveled abroad in 2007 , the last year for which Deloitte had actual numbers .
Keckley expects the medical tourism industry to recover , as more health insurers offer the option and as more people wind up with high - deductible plans .
Health care costs for employers who offer insurance to their workers were projected to rise 9.2 % this year and another 9 % in 2010 , according to the consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers .
That could mean double - digit percentage increases for employees through higher premiums , deductibles or copays .
Overseas care can lead to price breaks of more than $ 40,000 , not counting travel costs , for procedures like knee replacement surgery or heart bypasses .
Insurers , or employers who provide their own insurance , can save between 50 % and 90 % on major medical claims , said Jonathan Edelheit , president of the Florida - based Medical Tourism Association .
A lower cost of living and lower prices for medical supplies and drugs help drive down care costs overseas compared to American providers .
While employers or insurers reap much of the savings , these lower costs can be the difference between a manageable expense and a bank - breaker for patients with high - deductible plans .
These increasingly popular plans can lead to out - of - pocket expenses surpassing $ 5,000 for individual coverage and $ 10,000 for family plans .
High out of pocket costs also are common with dental coverage , which is one reason dental care trips have proven popular .
Kunz , 47 , initially doubted the potential savings she might see from visiting a Costa Rican dentist though a program offered by her insurer , BlueCross BlueShield of South Carolina .
But a little comparison shopping — with help from the insurer — persuaded her to get on a plane .
She had eight crowns replaced , a tooth filled and root canal .
The work would have cost her $ 10,000 out of pocket back home , but she paid just $ 2,800 after insurance .
Ben Schreiner of Camden , S.C. , would have paid the entire $ 10,000 deductible on his insurance policy if he had his hernia surgery done last year near home .
For that reason , Schreiner , 63 , had planned to wait until he turned 65 and qualified for Medicare before fixing it .
After reading about medical tourism in his insurer 's annual report , the retired bank executive flew to Costa Rica and paid about $ 4,400 , including travel expenses .
Frequent flier miles covered his flight .
Schreiner said he was initially skeptical about the quality of care he might receive but reading about the doctors who could perform the surgery put him at ease .
" When you read the bios and the backgrounds of the doctors , you kind of lose your skepticism , " he said .
However , apprehension about medical travel remains a high hurdle .
" People still do not understand that there could be a hospital in Thailand that can be as good as any hospital anywhere in the world or in the United States , " said John Ferguson , chief marketing officer for Georgia - based BasicPlus Insurance Services .
BasicPlus , which underwrites and provides group health insurance plans to employers , started offering medical tourism as part of a benefits package last year .
About 200 employers it contracts with around the country now offer that option , but no patients have used it .
Quality can be a legitimate worry , said Harvard Medical School professor Sharon Kleefield , who has worked overseas with several health care systems to establish quality measurements .
The average patient has no way of comparing hospitals worldwide on quality , which can vary widely .
But , Kleefield said , insurers are helping to raise standards through careful inspections of hospitals before including them in an overseas network .
Concerns about liability also may be keeping some employers from adding overseas care options to their plans .
U.S. employers who encourage an overseas medical trip could become litigation targets .
It can be difficult to sue an overseas provider in U.S. courts , said Nathan Cortez , a Southern Methodist University law school professor who studies medical tourism .
And the average malpractice recovery in Thailand is about $ 3,000 , roughly 1 % of the U.S. average .
To ease this fear , medical tourism companies have started offering insurance that protects employers who send employees overseas from liability .
Some employers also have learned they do n't have to send people overseas to save money .
Shortly after Hartford , Conn.- based Aetna Inc. and the Maine - based grocery chain Hannaford Bros.
Co. launched a program to send patients to Singapore for hip and knee replacements , some New England hospitals countered with their own deals .
So far , three patients have benefited from the competitive pricing ; Hannaford has sent no one overseas , even though the program pays travel and lodging costs .
" People travel all the time a couple hours on the interstate , " said Dr. Brian Kelly , Aetna 's national medical director .
" That 's no big deal . "
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
An American farmer has grown so tired of feral pigs - or hogs - destroying his crops that he has begun machine - gunning them down .
Skip Smith from the Texas town of Dublin uses night vision goggles and a machine gun with a silencer as his preferred method of pest control .
" One of the problems with watermelon crops is having feral hogs come in , they were brought in by the Spanish to quell the rattlesnakes back in the 1800s and they mated with regular domestic hogs and now we have a feral hog problem , " he told Radio National .
" There is a 93 - day gestation period , they have 13 piglets within 93 days , so those 13 piglets after two months have another 13 piglets and so they 'll tear up a sorghum [ field ] or a wheat field in a matter of a night ... half an acre to an acre . "
He says farmers usually use dogs to chase the pigs or trap them before shooting them , but he takes a different approach .
" We use thermal imaging and night vision so they can't see us , hear us or anything like that and it's a very effective way .
It 's the same thing that our forces use in Iraq , we 're just using them on animals , " he said .
Once found he then uses a range of guns to shoot the pigs .
" It matters [ sic ] from H and K or Heckler and Koch or Bushmasters or Colts - they are fully automatic , cartridge - loaded machine guns , " he said .
" Then we have regular suppressed guns that are fully suppressed , that are as loud as you and I talking .
So a .338 Lapua , which is a very large cartridge would sound like a decibel of 35 which we are talking at right now . "
He admits he could just use a hunting rifle , but the sound alerts other pigs .
" It makes too much noise and when the rifle goes off the pigs will scatter so you have a better chance of getting more with this type of a situation , " he said .
He says when hunting he usually kills five or six pigs at a time , but can get up to eight if the silenced guns are used .
" We shoot about 45 to 50 a week on 1,000 acres , " he said .
" This is on our property and neighbours will ask us [ onto their property ] especially when wheat comes up they [ pigs ] will tear up a field like craters , like mortars went off - it's incredible . "
Mr Smith also trades machine guns and fishing gear , and jokes that if anyone tried to stop farmers around Texas using their guns to control pests there would be a rebellion .
An ethernet weather station Abstract : Using an add - on card to the already existing avr ethernet board we build a weather station .
That is : A weather station with a build - in webserver .
The related articles which describe how to build the AVR web server are here :
An AVR microcontroller based Ethernet device
HTTP / TCP with an atmega88 microcontroller ( AVR web server )
The components for building this weather station can be ordered from http://shop.tuxgraphics.org
The system is modular .
You can either build a pure Ethenet weather station or an Ethenet weather station with an additional local LCD display .
_________________
_________________
_________________
Sensors
For temperature measurements : LM335 .
This sensor is cheap and has a linear curve over a wide temperature range .
This will give us very accurate temperature readings over a wide range .
The accuracy will be almost constant over the whole range .
A Motorola / Freescale MPX4115A absolute air pressure sensor .
This sensor is already calibrated at production time .
The MPX4115A is not made for out - door use but that is not a problem .
The circuit can be in a save and dry location inside the house as the air pressure is exactly the same inside and outside the house .
The Ethenet Weather Station as seen from a Mobile Phone
What 's the weather at home ?
The analog to digital converter ( ADC ) of the AVR
ADCreading U= ---------- * 1.1V 1024
Mapping of a voltage range into the ADC input range from 0 - 1.1V
Differential amplifiers
A differential amplifier with adjustable gain based on an operational amplifier .
The weather station circuit diagram ( add - on board )
Click on the picture to get a high resolution PDF drawing .
Power supply requirements
Click on the picture to get a high resolution PDF drawing .
Use a big capacitor ( 1000 uF or more ) in power circuit
Avoid ground loops .
Keep the wires short .
Converting voltages into " weather " readings
10 mV/K * 91K/68 K * 1024/1100 mv = 12.4 ADCsteps /K
Poffset=1013hPa * ( 1-(1- 0.0065 * h/288 ) ^5.255 ) h=height above sea level .
The formula can be derived from the Barometric formula .
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmospheric_pressure and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barometric_formula
Your hight above sea level in meter : = SEALEVELOFFSET
Refvoltage=5V * 5.6K /( 5.6K + 1/(1/R27 + 1/2.7K ) )
R27 in KOhm : = op - amp reference voltage
Vout=5V * ( ( 0.0009 *P/hPa )-0.095 ) +Error Vout= output voltage in V at the MPX4115A pressure sensor P=air pressure in hPa Error=an error term caused by tolerances during the manufacturing of the MPX4115A .
Therefore P is : P=(( Vout + Error ) /5V+0.095) 1111.11 hPa P=( Vout + Error ) *1/V*222.222 hPa +105.555 hPa
If we convert Vout into ADC steps and included also the error term there then we get : P=( adc/1024*1.1/ Gain + Refvoltage /V) *222.222 hPa +105.555 hPa
The gain of the differential amplifier is 100/47=2.1
We insert this into the equation : adc * 1.1 * 222.222 hPa P = ------------------------ + ( 222.222 * Refvoltage ) hPa/V + 105.555hPa 1024 * 2.1 adc * 10 P = --------- hPa + ( 222.222 * Refvoltage ) hPa/V + 105.555hPa 87.8
In the config.h file I have included a REFTERM_A parameter which is this term to the right of the above equation : adc * 10 P = --------- hPa + ( REFTERM_A/10 ) hPa 87.8
op - amp reference voltage
( voltage over R23 in Volt ) : = REFTERM_A
The software
avrdude -p m88 -c stk500v2 -e -B 2 - U flash:w:eth_rem_dev_weather.hex
Mounting the out door sensor
The out - door sensor .
Protected by a felt - tip cap .
The weather station as seen from firefox
A screen shot of mozilla firefox
The final circuit without LCD
The bare Ethernet weather station circuit without LCD
Adding a LCD display
Click on the picture to get a high resolution PDF drawing .
Ethernet weather station circuit without LCD
Ethernet weather station circuit with LCD , top view
Feed a database
w3 m - dump " http://10.0.0.25/ "
Download and links
Download page for this article : software and updates
page for this article : software and updates http://www.city-netz.com/staedte/, a list of towns in Germany and their height above sea level .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmospheric_pressure, wikipedia page about atmospheric pressure .
The tuxgraphics shop : shop.tuxgraphics.org
Here you can get all the components needed to build the small web - server and the add - on sensor card .
Here you can get all the components needed to build the small web - server and the add - on sensor card .
RS componentshttp://www.rs-components.com/full.html
RS is one of the few distributors who sells the Honeywell HIH - 4000 humidity sensor .
Sightings and encounters with ghosts have been reported since ancient times .
Sometimes they are just fleeting visions , sometimes they are spirits that communicate with the living .
Here are tales of ghosts from our readers .
Alice , the Ghost
Bald - Headed Ghost
British Soldier 's Ghost
The ghost of a British soldier in seen in Connecticut .
Brother 's Ghost in the Dark
College Professor 's Ghost A student continues to greet a psychology professor ... although he 's dead .
Connection to Dad
Disappearing Vehicles Cars vanish when they had nowhere to go .
The Dormitory Entity " I saw a woman in a white dress standing there with long hair covering her face standing at the foot of my roommate 's bed . "
Evil Ghost Lady
The Exorcism Ghost
An exorcism possibly results in some ghost sightings .
Faceless Ghost in
White A kid sees a terrifying ghost in his bedroom ... but he is n't the only one .
Father Gasser 's Ghost
Father - in - Law's Ghost
Figures Through the Window
French Spectre
Gardener Ghost
Generous Ghost
Ghost Brothers
The ghosts of former residents check up on the new tenants .
Ghost Hitchhiker and Car
The ghost of a woman is picked up by a phantom car !
Ghost in a Nightgown " I remember seeing a ghost in my house when I was around 7 or 8 years old . "
Ghost in the Lightning
The ghost could be seen each time the lightning flashed .
The Ghost in Yellow Pajamas
Ghost Lady in the Mountains
Ghost Looks for His Car
Ghost Monk Strange events near an old monastery .
Ghost of the Old Havana Club
Ghost 's Suicide or Murder ?
The ghost of a suicide victim is sighted .
Growling Mystery
Housekeeper 's Ghost
The ghost of a Civil War era housekeeper .
Incident at Ghost Lake
The ghost appears at a lake with a haunting reputation .
I Shot a Ghost Alex tried to deal with a bothersome ghost .
Lots of Ghosts
Midnight Knocks
Midnight Sprectre
The Monkey Saw the Ghost Pet monkey freaks out over a ghost sighting .
More Ghost Knocks
More Kilowatt Men
Musical Ghosts
The Obsessive Ghost
The Old Ghost
Old Woman Apparition
Pap's Ghost
Phantom Pedestrian Crash
The Scream for Help
The Singing Ghost
The Sobbing Ghost
Strange Driverless
Car
A car passed going rather slowly , and there was nobody in the car at all .
Strange Spooky Visions
Took Grandma to Heaven
TB Ghost
Voices in the Night
The Wicked Face A scary face superimposes over a woman 's husband 's face .
The Waiting Phantom of High Wycombe
War Scene Vision
White Ghost at the Camp , Part II
Henry , the Imaginary Friend " Upon seeing the photo they just received , they realize there 's a fourth person in the picture with them .
Next to their son , clear as day , is a child the same age , and height .... "
The Taunting Ghost " Something was at the front door , and it was shaking it so hard that it could have taken it off the hinges .
Then it would leave the door and it would be at the kitchen window , just standing there real still .
And I could see it ! "
Aunt 's Smiling Ghost " My mom turned around and was dumbfounded to see her deceased sister standing behind us .
My aunt looked up at me and smiled . "
My Imaginary Friend " Sometime within the first week of " imagining " her , I started calling her Miss Adaline or " Addie " .
As I spent more and more time over there , talking to this imaginary lady , I actually grew kind of close to her , and interacting with Miss Addie became easier and easier . "
Little Ghost Blue " Our older sister Melanie was lying next to Michelle on the couch , taking a nap .
She started to blink her eyes , then all of a sudden she jumped and started screaming , tears running down her face . "
Grandfather 's Ghost on the Street " Then it hit me : it was my dead grandfather .
I was freaked out , so I turned around to catch another glimpse of the man , and he was still walking ... "
The Hulking Ogre " I distinctly remember he went to sleep , and at the foot of the bed was a large ogre of a man , probably 7 feet tall , 400 + pounds , and green like the Hulk .
This figure was just setting crouched down and watching me , unflinching ... "
Ghost Nun Out for a Walk " As I neared the old swimming pool , I saw a walker coming down the road , which was not unusual as people walked for their health at the track field , and I continued toward the garage .
That 's when I saw the walker up close and personal !
This walker was a nun , like the ones who used to teach at the mission school ! "
Daughter Saw Grandfather 's Ghost " I thought , Maybe if I play his favorite song , I could get him to come back and see her .
So , I sat at the piano and played his favorite song ... "
Trust in news media has reached a new low , with record numbers of Americans saying reporting is inaccurate , biased and shaped by special interests , according to a survey set to be released Monday .
The survey of 1,506 people interviewed in July by the Pew Research Center showed that self - described Republicans continued to take the dimmest view of news organizations , but discontent among Democrats was catching up .
On crucial measures of credibility , faith in news media eroded from the 1980s to the ’90s , then held fairly steady for several years , according to Pew surveys that have asked some of the same questions for more than two decades .
But in the two years since the last survey , those views became markedly more negative .
In this year ’s survey , 63 percent of respondents said news articles were often inaccurate and only 29 percent said the media generally “ get the facts straight ”  the worst marks Pew has recorded  compared with 53 percent and 39 percent in 2007 .
UPDATE ( at bottom ) : City ’s law department tells RAW STORY that a new 9/11 investigation is ‘ not a proper subject to be placed before the voters ’ …
A lead actor from the popular FX television show “ Rescue Me ” joined a large group of 9/11 activists and survivors on Sunday in a march from New York City ’s Battery Park to city hall .
ADVERTISEMENT
During an afternoon rally in the park , Daniel Sunjata , who plays the role of Franco Rivera in the firefighter drama featuring actor Dennis Leary , took the stage with an impassioned call for a new investigation .
The march was held to support the NYC CAN coalition , which is currently engaged in a court battle with city hall over the legality of their ballot measure calling for a new 9/11 investigation .
The group has gathered over 80,000 signatures from New Yorkers in support of its ballot initiative , and even won a recent legal skirmish over a challenge to the validity if its petition ’s signatures .
The city ’s challenge to the initiative ’s legality continues , however , with a court referee recently advising the judge to find for the city .
An NYC CAN media advisory , which refers to the 9/11 Commission Report as a “ disgrace , ” notes that the group ’s lawyers were to file a motion for reconsideration on Monday , Sept. 28 .
“ We have received , for our efforts , a slap in the face and a kick in the mouth , ” said Sunjata , speaking at the NYC CAN rally on Sunday .
“ Although 80,000 New Yorkers have voice their desire , in writing , to include on November ’s mayoral ballot the referendum for a new and actual investigation into 9/11 , New York City has responded by taking the position that it has no jurisdiction in that matter . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ No jurisdiction ? ! ” he shouted .
“ No jurisdiction into the murder of 3,000 of its own citizens ?
No jurisdiction or the intent of seeking such jurisdiction .
Bloomberg . ”
A ruling on the city ’s motion for summary judgment on the initiative ’s legality was expected today , although the group ’s new motion would appear to delay that for at least a little longer .
The group says it expects a decision one way or another later this week .
“ A favorable ruling would likely be appealed by the City pushing the issue to the Appellate Court , ” an NYC CAN advisory predicted .
“ If the Petition overcomes all legal challenges , goes to November ballot and the referendum passes , it would lead to the creation of a local , independent commission with subpoena power that would be tasked with comprehensively reinvestigating the attacks . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ While the specter of 9/11 is raised repeatedly , ghoulishly , dangled before us to justify the dismemberment of our Constitution , the trampling of our civil liberties , ” said Sunjata .
“ Questioning 9/11 itself ?
Oh , that is strictly prohibited .
Do you hear that , New York ?
Do you hear that , family members ?
Cops ?
Firefighters ?
First responders ?
Your government has just told you , again , again , that you are good enough to die for them , but that asking questions about the inciting event is un-American , unpatriotic and just quite simply out of bounds . ”
Sunjata ’s support for a fresh investigation into the attacks is well known to regular “ Rescue Me ” viewers .
Earlier this year , a “ Rescue Me ” subplot even incorporated his belief that the attacks were an “ inside job . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Other speakers at Sunday ’s rally included “ 9/11 family members Bob McIlvaine and Manny Badillo , New York University ’s Professor of Media Studies [ and ] Mark Crispin Miller , ” noted NYC CAN .
Kate O’Brien Ahlers , New York City ’s law department communications director , commented to RAW STORY : “ As the legal referee recommended — and the City agrees — the focus of this referendum is not a proper subject to be placed before the voters under applicable law . ”
In an initial response , Ahlers attributed the city ’s position to the court ’s supposed ruling , not the legal referee .
It was later corrected in an e-mail .
The court has not yet ruled on the ballot initiative .
ADVERTISEMENT
A majority of the NYC CAN presentation , which includes Sunjata ’s speech ( from 18:38 to 23:57 ) , is available here .
This video is from YouTube , broadcast Sept. 27 , 2009 .
This story was updated from a previous version to reflect the city ’s position on the NYC CAN ballot initiative .
Report shows that populations across the globe are suffering from the impact of low levels of vitamin D , with highest rates in South Asia and the Middle East
A new report issued by the International Osteoporosis Foundation ( IOF ) and published in the scientific journal Osteoporosis International1 , shows that populations across the globe are suffering from the impact of low levels of vitamin D .
The problem is widespread and on the increase , with potentially severe repercussions for overall health and fracture rates .
Compiled by IOF 's expert working group on nutrition , the report reviews the scope and causes of low vitamin D levels in six regions : Asia , Europe , Latin America , Middle East and Africa , North America and Oceania .
Regional reports are available on the IOF website
Vitamin D is mainly produced in the skin upon exposure to sunlight , and , to a lesser extent , is derived from nutritional sources .
It plays an important role , through its influence on calcium levels , in the maintenance of organ systems , and is needed for normal bone mineralisation and growth .
Suboptimal levels of vitamin D may lead to increased risk of osteoporosis and hip fracture and , in severe cases , to the development of rickets , a softening of bones in children that can lead to skeletal fractures and deformity .
Although there is ongoing debate as to what constitutes the optimal level of vitamin D , the report shows that regardless of whether it is defined at 50 nmol / L or 75 nmol / L , vitamin D status is seriously inadequate in large proportions of the population across the globe .
The main risk factors for low vitamin D levels include older age , female sex , lower latitudes , winter season , darker skin pigmentation , less sunlight exposure , dietary habits , and the absence of vitamin D fortification in common foods .
Further factors include the increase in urbanisation , where people tend to live and work indoors , as well as cultural practises that tend towards sun avoidance and the wearing of traditional clothing that covers the skin .
The severity of the problem in Middle East and South Asia arises from the combination of several of these risk factors .
These findings suggest that prevention strategies must be initiated at the national level - especially given the increasing ageing of populations in many regions of the world .
National plans of action should encourage safe , limited exposure to sunlight and improved dietary intake of vitamin D , whilst considering fortification of foods as well .
" But all in all , it 's been a fabulous year for Laura and me . "
G.W. Bush - December 21 , 2001 [ whitehouse.gov ]
Homeowners across the country are challenging their property tax bills in droves as the value of their homes drop , threatening local governments with another big drain on their budgets .
The requests are coming in record numbers , from owners of $ 10 million estates and one - bedroom bungalows , from residents of the high - tax enclaves surrounding New York City , and from taxpayers in the Rust Belt and states like Arizona , Florida and California , where whole towns have been devastated by the housing bust .
“ It ’s worthy of a Dickens story , ” said Gus Kramer , the assessor in Contra Costa County , Calif. , outside San Francisco .
“ These people are desperate .
They know their home ’s gone down in value .
They ’ve watched their neighborhoods being boarded up .
They literally stand in there and say : ‘ When can I have my refund check ?
I need to feed my family .
I need to pay my electric bill . ’ ”
The tax appeals and reassessments present a new budget nightmare for governments .
In a survey conducted by the National Association of Counties , 76 percent of large counties said that falling property tax revenue was significantly affecting their budgets , said Jacqueline Byers , the association ’s research director .
I gave the closing talk at the Commercial Users of Functional Programming ( CUFP ) conference last week about the birth of the Industrial Haskell Group .
Birth of the Industrial Haskell Group
Video Slides
I talked about how we share these language implementations and what opportunities there are to share future development costs .
I talked about how we went about setting up the IHG .
Finally , I tried to persuade people that improving shared development infrastructure such as Hackage is a modest investment with potentially large benefits .
Here 's the full abstract :
It has long been thought that commercial users of Haskell could benefit from an organisation to support their needs , and that as a side - effect the wider Haskell community could benefit from the actions of such an organisation .
The stronger community would in turn benefit the commercial users , in a positive feedback cycle .
At last year 's CUFP , users of several FP languages raised the issue that there was no organisation that they could pay to do the important but boring work of maintaining and improving common infrastructure .
Shortly after CUFP , in partnership with major commercial users of Haskell such as Galois and Amgen , we started to set wheels in motion , and in March 2009 we announced the birth of the Industrial Haskell Group ( IHG ) .
The IHG is starting off with a limited set of activities , but already it is having an impact on the state of the Haskell development platform .
We expect that as it expands , it will become a significant force driving Haskell forwards .
In this presentation we will talk about the motivation leading to the formation of the IHG , how it has worked thus far and what lessons we can learn that might benefit other FP communities .
We will also look at how we can encourage the positive feedback cycle between commercial users and the wider community .
For Base - Load Wind Cheaper than Fossil Fuels : CAES
August 31st , 2009 by Susan Kraemer
As PG&E ramps up renewable power in response to the California RPS requirement that it get 33 % of its electricity from renewables by 2020 ; it has been exploring ways to add that much renewable power to the grid while smoothing out the ups and downs of wind energy , which often peaks at night .
The utility needs a way to turn sometimes - too - much wind into anytime - always - there electricity .
The solution ?
Simple tech .
Underground compressed air .
With compressed air energy storage ; air is compressed and then pumped in natural underground reservoirs .
The air is released later and converted into electricity .
With enough storage , even fickle wind could actually supply base - load power .
So PG&E has applied for DOE smart grid stimulus funding under The Recovery Act ; to build a compressed air energy storage project with output capacity of 300 megawatts .
They are applying for $ 25 million .
By comparison , building a plant to burn fossil fuels would cost around $ 850 million for the same 300 megawatts of fossil energy .
PG&E estimates their $ 350 million project will take five years to design , permit and build .
Wind turbines would compress the air during off - peak times and then draw from the reservoir during peak times .
Shifting the energy from off - peak to peak times , such as the middle of the day , makes it more valuable as utilities pay far more for peak energy .
If granted , the utility would use the smart - grid stimulus funds available in The Recovery Act in order to build enough storage to hold and release as much electricity as a medium sized base - load power plant for about 10 hours each time .
PG&E would pump compressed air into an underground reservoir , using mostly wind energy to power the generators , and some natural gas – about a third as much as a gas - fired plant of that capacity .
Another proposal for reheating the air withdrawn from storage , is to use biomass - derived fuels produced locally from energy crops in remote , wind - rich areas .
Compressed air energy storage or CAES has orders of magnitude more capacity than typical utility batteries and appears to be the most cost - effective form of energy storage according to technical experts at the Electric Power Research Institute and a massive study of CAES at Princeton University which concluded :
“ CAES appears to have many of the characteristics necessary to transform wind into a mainstay of global electricity generation .
The storage of energy through air compression may enable wind to meet a large fraction of the world ’s electricity needs competitively in a carbon constrained world . ”
The concept has been proven .
The Alabama Electric Cooperative in Alabama now has 20 years of experience with a 100 megawatt CAES system .
A major new project is being backed by the DOE in Iowa , which gets 15 % of its electricity from wind .
So just through time - shifting energy delivery ; storage can make it possible for wind to essentially supply base - load power for far less money than building more fossil fueled power stations .
What this amounts to is adding 300 megawatts of new power to the grid .
Hmm … $ 25 million for 300 megawatts of carbon - free future - friendly time - shifted wind power or $ 850 million for 300 dirty megawatts of a dwindling resource ?
I ’m betting that that very smart Steven Chu of the DOE is going to grant this $ 25 million to PG&E …
Via GreenTech and PG&E
Image from PG&E and Flikr user The Eleven
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Some people believe that a creator is present in all things , well this aubergine might agree .
A Hindu symbol was discovered within it .
The symbol , AUM , is the most sacred sound in the Hindu religion and is considered the root of the universe and everything that exists
Credit : REX FEATURES
Microsoft Vissa ( from Mike Cook )
A couple years ago , after trying nearly everything to get my new Dell to work , I did the unthinkable .
I called Dell 's tech support .
After giving the service tag and all that other jazz , I explained the problem to the technician .
" According to the BIOS , " I said , " my computer has 4GB of RAM installed .
But Vista Ultimate only shows 2GB . "
" Hmm , " the tech responded , " what is this Vissa software you are using ? "
" Microsoft Vista Ultimate , " I explained , " you know , the new Microsoft OS ? "
The rep paused .
" I 'm sorry , we do n't support third party software .
But if you would like , I can help you restore your computer to its original state .
Do you have your Dell Resource CD ? "
" No , no , " I countered , " this is n't third party software .
It is the operating system that came with the computer when I purchased it from you . "
" What is the software called again ? "
" Microsoft Vista , " I said slowly , " Ultimate Edition . "
The rep put me on hold for a few minutes and returned several minutes later .
" Where did you get this Vissa program ?
I will see if anyone here has heard of it . "
" Well , " I was n't sure how to respond , " it 's Microsoft 's newest Operating System , and it is called Vista . "
" Ooooh , " the rep responded , " Vissa !
Yes , I understand now . "
I just waited for a moment .
" Well Mr. Mike , " he said , " this is a problem with the Vissa software .
We have notified Microsoft and they have informed us that you can not use more than 3GB of memory with this software .
I suggest you uninstall it and install the XP Pro that came with your computer . "
" But , my computer came with Vista Ultimate installed on it .
It is less than two weeks old . "
The technician seemed a little confused , " okay , but I can send you a copy of XP Pro ? "
" No thank you , " I said , " my friend bought the exact same PC , and his shows the 4GB in Vista , so I do n't think it is a bug . "
" I see .
So is there anything else I can help you with , Mr. Mike ? "
" I would really like to find out how to resolve this , " I pleaded , " I read up a little on it on a website , but I cannot make changes to the BIOS with everything grayed out .
I was hoping you could help me ? "
" Unfortunately we do n't offer support for other software like Bios and Vissa , but we can help you restore your system back to its original configuration if you would like ? "
" No , " I was started to get agitated , " I really would like see the 4GB in Vista . "
Without even acknowledging my request , the rep said " so is there anything else I can help you with Mr. Mike ? "
" But ca n't you tell me who else I could check with to try and find answer to this problem ? "
In the same exact tone , the rep repeated " so is there anything else I can help you with Mr. Mike ? "
I said no , and disconnected the call shortly thereafter .
But I Never Changed My Password ! ( from Billy Ray )
A user recently send this email to the support mail box .
He was apparently having trouble logging into our production SAP system .
Hi , I 'm new here ( Emp # 27263 ) and I can't get into my SAP account .
For the past two days , I 've been inputting my SAP password ( sunshine17 ) , but it 's not allowing me to enter .
This is the exact same password that I used with my previous employer ( AMP Co ) , and they have SAP too .
However , I 'm constantly refused access .
Thank you , Earle L------
I was so very tempted to ask him to contact his old employer for a password reset .
Support Yahoos ( from Jonathan )
A few years ago , a common free email provider who we 'll call " Yooha " had an outage on one of their load balanced email servers .
Since it was only a problem on accounts tied to that server ( and because I was in the middle of a fairly time sensitive transaction ) , I thought I 'd send them a note about it in case they had n't heard about the problem yet .
Here is the text of my email :
----- Original Message ---- From : Jonathan Cortis To : customersupport@y----.com ; Sent : Saturday , July 22 , 2006 7:01:20 PM
Subject : f606.mail.y----.com Server f606.mail.y----.com is down and not responding to pings or requests .
My wife 's email account is always directed to that server , so she can not check her mail .
For reference , her username is redacted .
You might want to take that server out of the rotation .
Thank you , Jonathan
I was quite surprised by their grateful response :
Wow , Jonathan .
Thanks for assessing a very complicated situation , and immediately coming up with a complete solution .
In fact , we have so little idea of what 's going on over here , perhaps you can come on over and single - handedly solve it for us .
We 'll get right on your commands , just as soon as we finish our donuts .
Oh , and after our week off , too .
And , then there 's the matter of finding out which extension cord that is plugged into ...
customersupport@y ----.com 818-555-1234
A Mute Point ( from Sharon C )
After our Techical Support guy set up a DVD player and TV for a presentation in one of the conference rooms , the Admin staff member preparing for the event sent the following email to the Helpdesk .
Thanks for setting up the TV and DVD recorder .
But the DVD must play as MUTE .
Please come upstairs before 4:00 pm and press MUTE .
Hey , That 's Ours ! ( from Jamey Westmoreland )
A few weeks ago , I had a server morning that had been giving me problems for a couple of days .
My diagnosis : a failing mother board .
I knew the server was under support so I called up the Dell Computers .
The tech asked the standard , " please tell us the express support code on the front , " so I read back the number on the machine .
" Hmm , " the tech responded , " that server is in our warehouse . "
" No no , " I said jovially , " I can assure you it 's in my rack .
I 'm looking right at it . "
" Oooooh , " the rep said , " so , our records show that a refund was issued for this server and you used that refund to purchase a more powerful server . "
" Huh , " I was a bit confused .
" Yeah , " he said , " you were suppose to ship that one back . "
After some more back and forth , we realized that the exchange was supposed to happen fifteen months ago , which was right about the time my predecessor had left .
It seemed he never bothered to process the return of the server , and when I arrived it was racked and ready to go .
And somehow , it slipped through the cracks on Dell 's end .
Understandably , the tech support guy said that he could n't help me without a contract ... or , for that matter , a server that they owned .
Fortunately , we were able to get a new server ordered right away , and this time , we actually owned it .
Teh Stupid™
Via Oliver Willis , who is Kryptonite to , we see Al Franken handle the Teabag Terror with aplomb :
It took a comedian to bring leadership to the Senate .
Reid should just step aside now and let Franken show him how it ’s done .
Willis is one fantastic blogger .
If you ’ve never been to his site , check it out .
Are you confused by all that has changed since President Barack Obama took office in January ?
If so , you ’re not alone .
Perhaps this handy guide to Age of Obama “ logic ” might be of some assistance .
1 . The budget .
Wanting to cut $ 17 billion from the budget , as President Obama has promised , is proof of financial responsibility .
Borrowing $ 1.84 trillion this year for new programs is “ stimulus . ”
The old phrase “ out - of - control spending ” is inoperative .
2. Unemployment .
The number of jobs theoretically saved , or created , by new government policies — not the actual percentage of Americans out of work , or the total number of jobs lost — is now the far better indicator of unemployment .
3 . The private sector .
Nationalizing much of the auto and financial industries , while regulating executive compensation , is an indication of our new government ’s repeatedly stated reluctance to interfere in the private sector .
4. Race and gender .
Not what is said but who says it and about whom reveals racism and sexism .
For example , a Hispanic female judge is n’t being offensive if she states that Latinas are inherently better judges than white males .
5. Random violence .
Some assassinations represent larger American pathologies , but others do not .
When a crazed lone gunman murders someone outside the Holocaust Museum or shoots an abortion doctor , we should worry about growing right - wing and Christian extremism .
But when an African - American Muslim convert brags about his murder of a military recruitment officer or an Islamic group plots to kill Jews and blow up a military jet , these are largely isolated incidents without larger relevance .
6. Terrorism .
Acts of terror disappeared about six months ago .
Thankfully , we live now in an age where there will be — in the new vocabulary of the Obama administration — only occasional “ overseas contingency operations ” in which we may be forced to hold a few “ detainees . ”
At the same time , ongoing military tribunals , renditions , wiretaps , phone intercepts and predator - drone assassinations are no longer threats to the Constitution .
And just saying you ’re going to close the detention center at Guantánamo Bay is proof that it is almost closed .
7. Iraq .
The once - despised Iraq war thankfully ended around Jan. 20 , 2009 , and has now transformed into a noble experiment that is fanning winds of change throughout the Middle East .
There will be no need for any more Hollywood cinema exposés of American wartime crimes in Iraq .
8. The West .
Western values and history are n’t apparently that special or unique .
As President Obama told the world during his recent speech in Cairo , the Renaissance and Enlightenment were , in fact , fueled by a brilliant Islamic culture , responsible for landmark discoveries in mathematics , science and medicine .
Slavery in America ended without violence .
Mistreatment of women and religious intolerance in the Middle East have comparable parallels in America .
9. Media .
The media are disinterested and professional observers of the present administration .
When television anchormen and senior magazine editors bow to the president , proclaim him a god or feel tingling in the legs when he speaks , it is quite normal .
10 . George W. Bush .
Former President Bush did all sorts of bad things to the United States that only now we are learning will take at least eight years to sort out .
“ Bush did it ” for the next decade will continue to explain the growing unemployment rate , the most recent deficit , the new round of tensions with Iran and North Korea , and growing global unrest .
Once we remember and accept the logic of the above , then almost everything about this Age of Obama begins to make perfect sense .
Victor Davis Hanson is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution .
The thing about the bully pulpit is that Presidents can make the most fantastic claims and it takes days to sort the reality from the myths .
So as a public service , let 's try to navigate the , er , remarkable Medicare discussion that President Obama delivered on Wednesday .
It is n't easy .
Mr. Obama began by depicting a crisis in the entitlement state , noting that " our health - care system is placing an unsustainable burden on taxpayers , " especially Medicare .
Unless we find a way to cauterize this fiscal hemorrhage , " we will eventually ...
Almost all the other groups with a stake in health reform — including patient safety experts , physicians , the AARP , the Chamber of Commerce , schools of public health — support pilot projects such as special health courts that would move beyond today 's hyper - adversarial malpractice lawsuit system to a court that would quickly and reliably distinguish between good and bad care .
The support for some kind of reform reflects a growing awareness among these groups that managing health care sensibly , including containing costs , is almost impossible when doctors go through the day thinking about how to protect themselves from lawsuits .
The American public also favors legal overhaul .
A recent Common Good / Committee for Economic Development poll found that 83 % of Americans believe that " as part of any health care reform plan , Congress needs to change the medical malpractice system . "
Congress now realizes it can't completely stonewall legal reform .
But what has unfolded so far is a series of vague pronouncements and token proposals — all of which assiduously avoid any specific ideas that might offend the trial bar .
Here are some examples :
SEIU 's blog brought this issue to the forefront .
According to the good folks at SEIU :
" But , in DC and nine other states , including Arkansas , Idaho , Mississippi , North Carolina , North Dakota , Oklahoma , South Carolina , South Dakota , and Wyoming , insurance companies have gone too far , claiming that " domestic violence victim " is also a pre-existing condition . "
SEIU 's blog , in turn , links to a Department of Health and Human Services report on discrimination against survivors of abuse .
The report describes a case of an insurer using abuse as a reason to access to medical care :
" Discrimination risks are real .
A 1998 joint report developed by the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Domestic Violence ( PCADV ) and the Women 's Law Project reported that a woman from rural Minnesota was beaten severely by her ex-husband .
After remarrying , she applied for health insurance and was told that should would not be covered for treatment relating to the abuse - related pre-existing conditions of depression and neck injury . "
I admire Senator Olympia Snowe .
She is one of the last reasonable Republicans .
She has been a leader in the fight to get survivors of abuse the help they need .
I believe Senator Snowe is bargaining in good faith .
I also believe that Senator Snowe is facing a defining decision of her career .
Will she stand with abused women , and back a strong non-profit option which will end the absurd practices of the insurance industry ?
Or will she stand with the insurance executives who would deny abused women care in order to pay for massive executive salaries , five figure bonuses for employees who meet denial quotas , and the gold plated silverware they use on corporate jets ?
Germany wants to put 1 million electric vehicles on the road by 2020 , and it looks like the first of them will be the Lilliputian Smart fortwo EV that starts rolling off an assembly line in November .
Daimler announced today that it will begin mass - producing the urban runabout by mid-November and begin leasing it to " selected " customers in Europe and the United States by the end of the year .
The rest of us will be able to buy it in 2012 .
The car we 'll see this fall is actually the second generation fortwo EV , and it sports a lithium - ion battery pack – designed and built by Tesla Motors – with a range of 115 kilometers ( about 71 miles ) and an " overnight " recharge time .
" Motoring with zero local emissions in an urban environment has become a reality , " says Smart 's Marc Langenbrinck in a statement about the second - generation smart fortwo electric drive .
The 14 - kilowatt - hour battery sits between the rear wheels in the space where the conventional fortwo has a gas tank .
It powers a 30 - kilowatt ( 40.2 - horsepower ) electric motor .
That is n't much , but the tiny motor produces enough torque – 92.1 pound - feet – to propel the car from zero to 60 km / hr ( 37 mph ) in a respectable 6.5 seconds .
For the sake of comparison , the 2009 Honda Civic needs 9.8 seconds .
Top speed is limited to 100 kilometers per hour ( 62 mph ) , a move intended to maximize the battery 's range .
Daimler says 62 mph is plenty for a car designed primarily for city driving .
The battery recharges " overnight " when plugged into a 220 - volt line ( like your dryer uses ) , but Daimler says you can get enough juice to go 40 kilometers ( 25 miles ) in about three hours .
Daimler plans to lease the cars to start getting some " intensive real - world testing . "
It 's similar to what BMW is doing with the electric Mini - E – turning over a few hundred cars for what is essentially a big R&D project , then using the data to refine the cars before offering them to the mass market .
Those lucky enough to get their hands on a Smart EV will keep it for four years or 60,000 kilometers ( about 37,000 ) miles .
No word on what the lease will cost – BMW is charging $ 850 a month for the Mini - E – or what the sticker price will be when the car goes on sale in 2012 .
The Smart uses a battery pack designed with help from Tesla Motors , which started working with Daimler on the project more than 18 months ago .
Tesla CEO announced the deal in January and said at the time that Daimler planned to build 1,000 Smart EVs as part of a pilot project .
In May , Daimler paid $ 50 million for a 9.1 percent stake in Tesla Motors to jump - start its budding EV program .
Tesla spokeswoman Rachel Konrad confirmed the Smart EVs use Tesla packs but had no further comment .
UPDATE : Aug. 21 : I misread the press release - the zero to 60 time is kilometers per mile , not miles per hour .
That was my mistake and I have corrected the error .
Thank you to reader getagrip 42 for pointing out the error .
Photos : Daimler
All you can eat bufeh
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Get ready to find " Love in the Time of Corona " on Freeform .
N✮SQL Berlin
Thursday , October 22nd , 15:00 , Newthinking Store , Berlin , Germany
View Larger Map
The first NoSQL Meetup Germany was located in Berlin , October 22nd 2009 – 15:00 .
The event comprised presentations on open source , distributed , non relational databases .
Schedule
15:00 — Opening , Welcome , Intro
15:15 — Consistency in Key - Value Stores , Monika Moser ( Video , Slides )
15:45 — Redis , Fast and Furious , Mathias Meyer ( Video , Slides )
16:15 — Questions & Discussion
16:25 — Short Break
16:35 — Peer - to - peer Applications with CouchDB , Jan Lehnardt ( Video , Slides )
17:05 — Riak , Martin Scholl ( Video , Slides )
17:35 — Questions & Discussions
17:45 — Short Break
17:55 — MongoDB , Mathias Stearn ( Video , Slides )
18:25 — 4th Generation Object Databases , Prof. Stefan Edlich ( Video , Slides )
18:55 — Closing Discussion
19:15 — Dinner & Drinks at Aufsturz
✮
Follow @nosqlberlin on Twitter for updates .
You may also join the nosql - berlin mailing list on Google Groups or connect on Facebook .
Program Chairs : Isabel Drost , Jan Lehnardt & Thomas Nicolai .
✮
Amazon 's rules state that you must be at least 13 years of age to sign up for an account .
However , you must be 18 to make a purchase ( since you 'll need to input this data into your account before a purchase ) , unless you can obtain enough money in gift card funds to pay for the purchase or receive a gift card - debit card that has a major card company attached that you can input to pay for the entire purchase price .
When it comes to TV sales personalities , none are more famous and revered than the late Billy Mays .
Mays ran commercials for dozens of different products , but perhaps the most popular of those products was OxiClean , which is an easy to use , non-toxic , and remarkably effective cleaning detergent that can take care of dishes , polish silver , and clean virtually anything else .
Billy Mays put his trademark enthusiasm behind the product , and its quality is known worldwide .
" Search Inside the Book " is a feature which allows customers to search for keywords in the full text of many books in the catalog . [ 126 ] [ 127 ]
The feature started with 120,000 titles ( or 33 million pages of text ) on October 23 , 2003 . [ 128 ]
There are about 300,000 books in the program .
Amazon has cooperated with around 130 publishers to allow users to perform these searches .[ citation needed ]
Quick - Step flooring has earned the prestigious FloorScore certification for indoor air quality by passing the most stringent tests in the world .
All Quick - Step products are officially FloorScore certified , giving families living on our flooring peace of mind that they are bringing a product into their home that meets strict indoor air quality standards .
In July 1995 , the company began service as an online bookstore . [ 31 ]
The first book sold on Amazon.com was Douglas Hofstadter 's Fluid Concepts and Creative Analogies : Computer Models of the Fundamental Mechanisms of Thought . [ 32 ]
In the first two months of business , Amazon sold to all 50 states and over 45 countries .
Within two months , Amazon 's sales were up to $ 20,000 / week . [ 33 ]
In October 1995 , the company announced itself to the public . [ 34 ]
In 1996 , it was reincorporated in Delaware .
Amazon issued its initial public offering of stock on May 15 , 1997 , at $ 18 per share , trading under the NASDAQ stock exchange symbol AMZN . [ 35 ]
Of course , one of the most important steps in the process of selling products is setting prices .
One of benefits of using Amazon to sell goods online is that you can see what other merchants are charging for similar items .
If you want to make sure your copy of The Scarlet Letter sells over the other ones listed , set the price with shipping lower than your competitors .
You can also specify whether you want to handle the shipping yourself or allow Amazon to do so .
In addition to pulling in hosting revenue from companies like Disney , Netflix , and Spotify , AWS is also the backbone of the company ’s own internal infrastructure and the underlying foundation for its Alexa digital voice assistant .
It is a major competitor to Microsoft and its Azure platform , as well as Google ’s cloud computing division and the cloud businesses of IBM and Oracle .
AWS is so important to the integrity of the apps and websites we use that a rare S3 outage , which is the web hosting pillar of AWS , took out large swaths of the internet .
Depending on which options you choose , using an online marketplace like Amazon can make the fulfillment process easier for new and small businesses .
Not only can Amazon interact with customers on your behalf , saving you time while protecting your personal and private information , but it can also handle the entire shipping process , including returns .
As a result , owners can concentrate on building their businesses .
On July 5 , 1994 , Bezos initially incorporated the company in Washington State with the name Cadabra , Inc . [ 21 ]
He later changed the name to Amazon.com , Inc. a few months later , after a lawyer misheard its original name as " cadaver " . [ 22 ]
In September 1994 , Bezos purchased the URL Relentless.com and briefly considered naming his online store Relentless , but friends told him the name sounded a bit sinister .
The domain is still owned by Bezos and still redirects to the retailer . [ 23 ] [ 24 ]
When it comes to which shopping holiday will save you more — Black Friday vs. Cyber Monday — for years , Black Friday dominated , a tried and true tradition for many deal - saavy families .
However , as retailers have rolled out sales on Thanksgiving ( and even earlier ) and more people have gravitated to online shopping , Cyber Monday has become a big draw for those who want to forgo the early wake - up call and long lines , and shop from the comfort of their couch .
A growing number of supermarkets allow their customers to shop online for their groceries , preparing the order for pick - up or delivering it directly to their door .
Shopping from home for your grocery store items is a great way to deal with this necessary chore :
It 's convenient , it 's a time saver , and sometimes you can even take advantage of online sales not otherwise accessible .
Amazon puts all of its daily deals into a Gold Box .
Check the Today 's Deals page to access these daily deals and get limited - time savings of up to 80 % off select items , coupons to instantly clip and access to Lightning Deals .
Lightning Deals are available only for a limited amount of time and have a countdown timer showing how much time is left to get the discount .
Shop before the deal expires or the item sells out .
Cyber Monday generally means more retailer - wide discounts , rather than product - specific ones that pop up on Black Friday , says Novickis .
But occasionally , the specific products that do get marked down on Cyber Monday are serious steals .
" If a merchant stocked up on a product for Black Friday and then it did n’t sell as well as expected , there could be a deeper discount on Cyber Monday , " she says .
Twitch is a live streaming platform for video , primarily oriented towards video gaming content .
The service was first established as a spin - off of a general - interest streaming service known as Justin.tv .
Its prominence was eclipsed by that of Twitch , and Justin.tv was eventually shut down by its parent company in August 2014 in order to focus exclusively on Twitch . [ 104 ]
Later that month , Twitch was acquired by Amazon for $ 970 million .
[ 105 ]
Through Twitch , Amazon also owns Curse , Inc. , an operator of video gaming communities and a provider of VoIP services for gaming .
[ 106 ]
Since the acquisition , Twitch began to sell games directly through the platform , [ 107 ] and began offering special features for Amazon Prime subscribers .
[ 108 ]
As Seen
On TV is a generic nameplate for products advertised on television in the United States for direct - response mail - order through a toll - free telephone number .
As Seen On TV advertisements , known as infomercials , are usually 30 - minute shows or two - minute spots during commercial breaks .
These products can range from kitchen , household , automotive , cleaning , health , and beauty products , to exercise and fitness products , books , or to toys and games for children .
Typically the packaging for these items includes a standardized red seal in the shape of a CRT television screen with the words " AS SEEN ON TV " in white , an intentional allusion to the logo of TV Guide magazine .[ citation needed ]
Governing While Drunk ( With Power )
It ’s already mandatory in 47 states and Washington , D.C. , in one form or another , but now the federal government is looking at mandating it .
I ’m talking about alcohol ignition interlocks .
These are devices that are affixed to a motor vehicle , rendering it unstartable until someone blows what is effectively a breathalyzer reading that contains zero traces of alcohol .
At present , only Alabama , South Dakota , and Vermont have no such laws .
On its face , this may seem to make sense .
Indeed , why should every effort not be made to discourage or disenable a potential driver who has been consuming alcoholic beverages from potentially endangering others on thoroughfares ?
When New Mexico became the first government jurisdiction to enact required alcohol ignition interlocks for all convicted drunk drivers in 2005 , booze - related driving fatalities plummeted by 35 % .
No sane person is going to advocate driving while intoxicated – whether on liquor , or any other substances .
However , alcohol ignition interlocks do not discriminate – or rather , they do , depending on your viewpoint .
These devices do not allow a vehicle to start even if the amount of alcohol on a person ’s breath is under the legal limit for the jurisdiction in question .
Sarah Longwell , managing director of the American Beverage Institute , calls federalization of alcohol ignition interlock laws a “ slippery slope , ” as , according to Longwell , “ This creeping mentality about ‘ do n’t drink and drive ’ as opposed to ‘ do n’t drive drunk ’ takes over . ”
Another objection arises from the fact that those required by government to have such devices installed on their vehicles for whatever court - mandated period of time are forced to pay for them out of pocket – in addition to the fines , legal fees , and penalties already associated with any drunk driving conviction .
This additional financial burden on first - time offenders , argues Carl Wicklund , executive director of the American Probation and Parole Association , may even dissuade or prevent problem drinkers from seeking treatment .
One glass of wine or beer in a restaurant ?
Your car wo n’t start .
Use a little too much mouthwash before driving to work ?
You ’re going to be quite late .
Currently , alcohol ignition interlocks are installed on around 150,000 vehicles in America .
If federal law were to require them for all convicted drunk drivers , that number would come near one million .
Proponents say a federal law would save anywhere from 4,000 to 8,000 lives a year ( a fairly specious figure ) .
All right , fine .
Then how many lives could be saved in a year by withdrawing all troops from Iraq ?
How many could be saved by abolishing the FDA bureaucracy , which fails to approve new medicines in time for the sick to gain access to them , forcing them to go abroad , pay more , and suffer needlessly ?
How many lives might be saved by an absence of gun control laws , that only serve to disarm the peaceful in need of self - protection ?
No , government people would have us believe that the key to “ safety ” is ever more laws , mandates , restrictions , intrusions , taxes , and supervision .
Alcoholic beverages are already taxed by both federal and state governments .
Motor vehicles and drivers alike are taxed , licensed , registered , and inspected in most jurisdictions .
Now governments want to pre-empt potentially risky behavior by applying more of the same .
Responsibility for poor decision - making should rest with the individual , and should focus on compensation to anyone who has been injured or suffered any damages by such actions .
In the case of a resulting fatality , the individual responsible should understand that this compensation may mean a lifetime of impoverishment for acting irresponsibly .
That is how a market - based system of justice , as distinct from political government , would work .
Under government , all of society is unneccessarily victimized by tougher laws , higher taxes , more police , and less individual freedom .
And that , perhaps , should be the most sobering thought of all .
The Corporate Library , a corporate governance research firm , reviewed regulatory filings from 2,000 publicly traded companies and came up with a list of five chief executives they 're calling the " Highest Paid Worst Performers " of 2008 .
To make the list , a CEO had to have total realized income -- including base salary , bonuses and stock -- of at least $ 30 million last year .
At the same time , the share price of the companies they oversaw had to have underperformed rivals and the broad sampling of stocks in the S&P 500 over the last five years .
Abercrombie 's Michael Jeffries was awarded total compensation of $ 71.8 million last year , with a base salary of $ 1.5 million , according to the Corporate Library .
His compensation package included a $ 6 million " stay bonus " designed to keep him on board , despite his 17 - year tenure , as well as perks such as the use of a corporate jet .
The Corporate Library notes that Jeffries is compensated at " the upper quartile " of his peer group .
In other words , the compensation committee that determines his pay assures he 'll be paid more than what 75 % of his rival CEOs get .
" If you do that , you 're almost guaranteed to overpay your CEO , " said Paul Hodgson , a senior researcher at the Corporate Library .
An Abercrombie spokeswoman declined to comment .
Telstra is set for its biggest shake - up since privatisation under Federal Government plans that would pave the way for a break - up of the telco and introduce new hard - line consumer safeguards .
Communications Minister Senator Stephen Conroy this morning announced the company would need to structurally separate voluntarily - and , if it did not do so , the Government would force a split under a new regulatory regime .
The changes are part of an attempt by the Government to pressure Telstra to be a part of the $ 43 billion national broadband network , but no promise of involvement has been extracted from Telstra as part of negotiations .
In early trade , Telstra shares were down as much as 14 cents , or 4.3 per cent , to $ 3.11 .
The Cosmics Leaving Outdoor Droplets ( CLOUD ) experiment uses a special cloud chamber to study the possible link between galactic cosmic rays and cloud formation .
Based at the Proton Synchrotron ( PS ) at CERN , this is the first time a high - energy physics accelerator has been used to study atmospheric and climate science .
The results should contribute much to our fundamental understanding of aerosols and clouds , and their affect on climate .
What can cosmic rays tell us about climate ?
Cosmic rays are charged particles that bombard the Earth 's atmosphere from outer space .
Studies suggest they may influence cloud cover either through the formation of new aerosols ( tiny particles suspended in the air that can grow to form seeds for cloud droplets ) or by directly affecting clouds themselves .
Clouds exert a strong influence on the Earth ’s energy balance ; changes of only a few per cent have an important effect on the climate .
However , despite its importance for climate , aerosol formation is poorly understood .
Measuring the underlying microphysics in controlled laboratory conditions is important for a better understanding of atmospheric aerosol and is the key to unravelling the possible connection between cosmic rays and clouds .
What does the CLOUD experiment do ?
A brief tour of the CLOUD experiment at CERN , and its scientific aims ( Video : Noemi Caraban / CERN )
The CLOUD experiment involves an interdisciplinary team of scientists from 17 institutes in nine countries , comprising atmospheric physicists and chemists , and cosmic -ray and particle physicists .
The Proton Synchrotron provides an artificial source of “ cosmic rays ” that simulates natural conditions between ground level and the stratosphere .
A beam of particles is passed through the cloud chamber and its effects on aerosol production or on liquid or ice clouds inside the chamber are recorded and analysed .
The experiment includes an advanced cloud chamber equipped with a wide range of external instrumentation to monitor and analyse its contents .
The temperature conditions anywhere in the atmosphere can be recreated within the chamber .
All experimental conditions can be controlled and measured , including the “ cosmic ray ” intensity and the trace atmospheric vapours in the chamber , which are set to levels of only a few molecules per trillion .
What has CLOUD shown us about our world ?
In 2014 CERN ’s CLOUD experiment made a huge discovery when it showed that biogenic vapours emitted by trees and oxidised in the atmosphere have a significant impact on the formation of clouds , thus helping to cool the planet .
Paul Daniels has backed Derren Brown to pull off his attempt to predict tonight 's lottery numbers , but the former TV magician is not so sure Brown should fulfill his promise to reveal the secret later this week .
Tonight just after 10.35 pm in The Event Live on Channel 4 , Brown will try and predict all six winning numbers a few moments before BBC's National Lottery 's Live Draw completes the draw for a jackpot standing at £ 2.4 m .
The illusionist , who has been banned from buying a ticket for the draw , will then reveal how he did it on a follow - up show on Friday .
Daniels told the Guardian today : " He could get it exactly right ... [ but ] it is much better for a mentalist if he gets one wrong .
It is more believable . "
" I would be very surprised , however , if he gives away a damn good trick but , even if he does , there are another 99 ways to do it . "
And can we read Daniels ' mind as to what those are ?
No .
He 's not telling .
And he thinks , even if Brown does give a hint , he may only do so in a " gobbledegooky " way , such as neuro - linguistic programming ( NLP ) , for example .
" Do n't worry , you wo n't learn how to win the lottery , " he said .
Daniels also revealed he had once suggested to the BBC , soon after it began its results shows way back in 1994 , that he should do a show foretelling the National Lottery results .
" They got into a right flap .
They said : ' You ca n't do that .
People will think it 's a fix . ' "
The Magic Circle - of which Brown is not a member - was also cautious about lifting the cloak of secrecy .
Jack Delvin , its new president , said Brown had been given the opportunity to join " but he says he is not a magician and does n't use magic tricks " .
He said : " Our first rule is we do n't discuss secrets of tricks ...
For the duration of the effect happening , we try to suspend disbelief .
This is in the middle of trying to achieve an effect , which you do by suspending disbelief so it is no good talking about how it is done .
Without the effect , there is no mystery .
The last thing the Magic Circle would want to do is get involved in any way , shape or form , in the effect being produced by any person who uses psychology and NLP . "
Wishing Brown luck , he told how he was once invited by the BBC World Service to predict something " to do with Mrs Thatcher and an election " .
But he realised : " If I had proved I had predicted exactly , no - one would have believed me , so I got it wrong deliberately by half a dozen seats .
The boss of world service said " He 's no good .
He did n't get it right . ' "
Meanwhile Camelot , the lottery operator , seems remarkably cool about Brown 's stunt to reduce somewhat drastically the near 14 m to 1 odds on picking a winning ticket .
After all , there are three different machines and eight ball sets that are not determined until shortly before the draw .
Camelot said in a statement .
" It is impossible to affect the outcome of the draw and Derren Brown is not suggesting he is doing this .
Derren Brown is an illusionist creating an illusion that he can predict the numbers .
We wish Derren , but more importantly our players , the best of luck . "
Daniels , meanwhile , recalled working with a mentalist at a Sheffield club who predicted numbers for its own mini-lottery .
The trick ended in a fight between members of the public who thought the whole thing had been fixed and committee members who insisted it had n't .
Now , Daniels mused , just imagine that happening on a national scale ...
BOURNE , Mass .
 Wendie Howland grows her own food and heats her water with rooftop solar panels .
She drives a Prius with a bumper sticker that boasts “ One Less S.U.V . ”
But when Mrs. Howland tried to take the next step in green living  installing a 132 - foot windmill in her backyard that would generate enough electricity to power her home  she hit a wall .
The planning board in this pastoral Cape Cod town twice rejected the project citing safety concerns and predicting “ an adverse effect on the character of the neighborhood . ”
Mrs. Howland ’s defeat was sealed by a Superior Court ruling in July that backed the planning board ’s decision , underscoring the steep odds that residential windmill plans face nationwide .
After investing some $ 40,000 in a 10 - kilowatt turbine and legal fees , Mrs. Howland and her husband , Francis , are giving up their two - year fight .
“ It ’s ludicrous , ” said Mrs. Howland , 58 , a health care consultant .
“ We were trying to make our bills smaller as we got older , in a clean and responsible fashion , and it boggles my mind that ordinary people like us are n’t allowed to do that . ”
WASHINGTON — Emily ’s List , which backs the candidacies of Democratic women who support abortion rights , gained a victory in federal court on Friday in a fight with the Federal Election Commission .
The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ruled that the commission exceeded its authority several years ago when it created rules restricting how nonprofit groups spend their money to support state and local candidates .
Reversing a federal district court ruling , the appeals court agreed with Emily ’s List that the F.E.C. rules violated the First Amendment .
Will the Supreme Court look at the case ?
Perhaps .
In any event , the appeals court ruling is surely not the last word in the long - running , multi- faceted debate over the place of money in politics .
Woman gives birth on pavement ' after being refused ambulance '
A young mother gave birth on a pavement outside a hospital after she was told to make her own way there .
Mother - of - three Carmen Blake called her midwife to ask for an ambulance when she went into labour unexpectedly with her fourth child .
But the 27 - year - old claims she was refused an ambulance and told to walk the 100 m from her house in Leicester to the city 's nearby Royal Infirmary .
Helping hands : Carmen Blake with Mariah , who is also pictured with physiotherapist Helen Ivers , who was passing by and delivered the baby
Her daughter Mariah was delivered on a pavement outside the hospital by a passer - by , just before ambulance crews arrived .
Today the Trust that runs the hospital said it would look into any complaint made about the advice and care the 27 - year - old received .
Ms Blake said she started going into labour at about 7.15 am on Sunday , August 2 .
She said : " I phoned up the Royal Infirmary , it 's just across the road , and they said to go into a hot bath , and then to make my way over there .
Shock : Carmen Blake , with new baby Mariah and her older children Hennessy , six , ( left ) and Malachi , four , ( right )
" I went into the bath and realised she was going to come quickly .
I did n't think I 'd be able to make it out of the bath , so I phoned the maternity ward back and told them to get an ambulance out .
' They said they were not sending an ambulance and told me I had had nine months to sort out a lift . '
Pavement : Baby Mariah was delivered on a pavement outside the hospital
Experienced mother Ms Blake today said she knew she had to get herself out of the bath and try to get to the hospital .
' The friends with me would have had no idea what to do .
I knew at that point that she was nearly here so I had to get out of the house , ' she said .
' I thought if I got across the road then at least somebody would be able to help me .
' I left the house and got to the end of the close , but there was no - one around to help . '
Eventually Ms Blake and her friends enlisted the help of a physiotherapist who happened to be passing on her way to work .
She dialled 999 and helped deliver baby Mariah while waiting for emergency services .
She even helped remove the cord from around the tot's neck , Ms Blake said today .
She said : ' I do n't really remember much after that .
Mariah was born , then the paramedics arrived then after that the midwives arrived .
I think I went into shock .
' It 's just lucky that the physio was there . '
Stranded : Carmen
Blake claims she was forced to walk to Leicester Royal Infirmary despite being in labour
Ms Blake said despite the happy ending she was upset she was told to make her own way to the hospital as , being an experienced mum , she knew she did not have the time .
Today a spokeswoman for the University Hospitals of Leicester NHS Trust said : ' We are disappointed that Ms Blake was not happy with the advice and care she received and will of course investigate any complaint .
' We are pleased that both Ms Blake and her daughter are well and healthy . '
I asked this on #lisp but apparently is was the wrong time of the day since there were only a couple of trolls awake .
So , I 'm aware threading is not support for SBCL on Windows at the moment but what I do n't know is whether anyone is working or has been working on it recently .
The best I could find on Google was a GSoC 2008 project by Elliot Slaughter .
Now , I could try digging through the SBCL mailinglist archives on SourceForge , but Jesus Christ , I hate using that site since it is so unusable .
Anyway , I 'm pretty certain no work has been done on it recently .
My point is : I 'm willing to shell out some money for someone to work on it .
Now it 's not much , max 250 euros , but if there 's more people than just me it might sum up to an interesting amount at some point .
Why not use any of the other available implementations that already support threads then like CLISP , Clozure CL and ECL ?
There 's a couple of reasons most of which can be argued against ( like performance ) but I 'd basically like to see SBCL become a serious contender on Windows since it is my favourite CL implementation .
Labels : common- lisp , lisp , sbcl , windows
Oh Sony .
You ’re so easy to see right through !
Why , we here at PSLS just love breaking news wide open , even if it ’s a bit earlier than originally planned .
What ’s this ?
You snuck one past us ?
If you ’ll take a look at this FCC document , you ’ll notice that the Company Name is labeled as “ Sand Dollar Enterprise , ” yet that address turns out to be none other than Sony Computer Entertainment America ‘s address !
The device in question here is the 250 GB PS3 Slim .
Why this was n’t featured yet is unknown , perhaps it is due out when the older 160 GB PS3 models sell out .
At any rate , congrats to Sony for sneaking a device out without anyone noticing until now !
[ Source / Via ]
Check out what order for last meal people which will day soon in prisons …
Here in Texas it is n't a mystery to anyone , we see " Dublin Dr. Pepper " all the time and it is starting to show up at more and more fast food restaurants .
But I 'm betting that some of you out there have n't heard of it , so here 's a little background : Dublin Dr. Pepper is only different from the regular Dr. Pepper soft drink in one important way ...
Pure Cane Sugar is as a sweetener instead of HFCS ( High Fructose Corn Syrup ) .
With all the hub - bub about HFCS these days ( justified or not ) , a lot of people seek out products without it and for Dr. Pepper fans who want to eliminate HFCS , this is their only option .
But what about taste ?
Just about everyone you ask , including myself , will tell you they can definitely tell the difference between Dublin DP and regular DP .
With Dublin DP the sweetness is more ' natural ' and many claim there is n't an HFCS aftertaste that is noticeable with beverages sweetened with HFCS .
But why Dublin ?
Well , Dublin Dr. Pepper is only produced in one place : Dublin , Texas .
( By the way , we also have towns in Texas named London Paris , and ' Cut and Shoot '! )
In the late ' 70s when most soft drink makers were switching from cane sugar to HFCS , the owner of the Dublin Dr. Pepper Bottling Company decided not to make the switch .
To this day , they only use cane sugar , year ' round , to make their Dr. Pepper .
Technically , Dr. Pepper from the Dublin plant can only be sold in a 44 - mile radius of Dublin , Texas , but ' bootlegged ' bottles of Dublin Dr. Pepper can be found throughout Texas and even in other states .
These bottles are purchased in the Dublin area and the shipped and re-sold elsewhere .
It can also be purchased online By the way , the Dublin bottling plant is the oldest Dr. Pepper bottler .
It has been in continuous use since 1891 , just 6 years after DP debuted in Waco , Texas .
" Dublin " might even become an adjective to describe beverages ( or other products ) made without HFCS and with cane sugar .
I drove by a Chicken Express restaurant recently and their sign out front advertised " Dublin Lemonade . "
I drove - through and ordered one and asked the girl why it was called Dublin Lemonade .
I knew the answer before I asked , but she confirmed it , " It 's made with real sugar , not that corn stuff .
" Around here ( Dallas / Fort Worth ) you can go in just about any grocery store and pick up a six pack of 8 oz. bottles of Dublin DP .
by Claude Carpentieri
More news about Italy ’s rapid journey to a 21st century version of European fascism .
In the past we ’ve already documented the alarming rise in anti-immigrant attacks , the legalisation of vigilante groups ( including the adoption of dubious symbolism ) and the implementation at local and national level of punitive measures against ethnic minorities ( i.e. the so - called ‘ kebab ban ‘ ) .
Italy ’s rampant homophobia is another reason for concern .
Since some seriously ugly rhetoric was the soundtrack to the right ’s electoral triumph in 2008 , anti-LGB attacks have been piling up .
August 2009 was the worst month on record across the whole country , with a worrying daily escalation of street aggressions ( including stabbings and attempted murder ) .
Last week , a popular gay nightclub in Rome was the target of an arson attack , while last night two bombs were thrown in the midst of what is known as the capital ’s ‘ Gay Village ’ .
As passers - by chased after the culprits , they soon had to relent as one of the bombers produced a gun and managed to run off .
Opposition MP Pier Luigi Bersani spoke of a “ civil emergency ” and called for the government to pass urgent measures to tackle homophobic crime .
****
On to more developments , in the past few days billionaire Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi announced that he ’s sueing a number of newspapers , Italian and foreign for writing about his sexual scandals and asking questions he slammed as libellous .
As he ’s seeking damages of up to 1 m , to many this looks like an attempt to gag the press .
Two days ago , a newspaper editor mildly critical of the PM ’s recent sexual scandals was publicly smeared with a front - page story ( later exposed as unfounded ) in one of Berlusconi ’s own national dailies as a closeted homosexual and convicted stalker .
Some observers called it a latter day ( and more effective ) version of force - feeding castor oil to political opponents – a strategy the old brown shirts were notoriously very fond of .
By Daniel Emery
Technology reporter , BBC News , Cologne
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement One of Germany 's largest video games publishers has said that the UK 's retail chains make it difficult for publishers to break into the UK market .
Georg Larch , Koch Media 's marketing director , also blamed the exchange rate and UK pricing structure for the difficulties faced by games publishers .
Industry experts say the second - hand market also stifles industry growth .
Mr Larch said at the gamescom meeting that a rise in digital distribution would make things easier in the future .
He told BBC News while the firm 's turnover in Germany had risen by 18 % this year , in Britain that figure was much lower .
" We 're seeing companies like Amazon take a larger market share , and the growth of digital distribution , but it 's going to be a long - term development as people still want to have something in their hands , " he said .
Mr Larch said that other economic factors were at work against overseas publishers .
" We can see a lot of cheap imports from the UK to Europe [ due to the current exchange rates ] . "
Ian Livingstone , president of UK - based publisher Eidos , told BBC News publishers still wanted to work with retail .
A shop makes a bigger margin on a pre-owned title ... and the content creator gets no slice of the action
Ian Livingstone
Eidos
" These are n't just shops , they are a marketing tool , a window into our world where software houses can display their wares , " he said .
The problem that publishers have with retail , he said , was due to the growth of the second - hand games market .
" The pre-owned market is a serious problem , because there is no benefit to developers or publishers , " said Mr Livingstone .
While retailers have to pay a percentage to the publishers for a sale of a new game , there is no such requirement when selling a second hand game , with the shop pocketing all the profit .
Mr Livingstone estimated that the pre-owned market made up more than a quarter of a video - game retailers turnover .
" A shop makes a bigger margin on a pre-owned title , and can sell them six or seven times , so there is no incentive for them to reorder and the content creator gets no slice of the action , " he said .
Industry experts say the landscape of what makes a successful video game is changing .
While software developers could turn a profit if a game made it into the top 20 , with rising development costs and more platforms to develop on , a game often needs to be listed in the top 10 for publishers to justify any investment .
This has made some developers more cautious on what they develop and has also seen retailers allocate more space to the best - selling games .
Retailers may then refuse to stock so - called " tier two " games altogether .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ In addition to blogging , I have been using Twitter more recently to - do quick posts and share links .
You can follow me on Twitter at : http://www.twitter.com/scottgu ( @scottgu is my twitter name ) ]
Over the next few months I ’m going to be doing a series of posts that talk about some of the cool things coming with the VS 2010 and .NET 4 release .
VS 2010 and .NET 4 are the next major releases of our developer tools and framework .
Together they contain a ton of new functionality and improvements that I think you ’ll really like , and which make building applications of all types easier , faster and better .
The improvements range from nice small tweaks to major , major enhancements - and can be found across the .NET Framework , the languages , and the IDE .
I will update this page with links to the individual posts I do as I publish them along the way :
Hope this helps ,
Scott
To the Editor :
The rise in anti-Muslim hostility across the country is deeply troubling , but compromising core American values is no way to remedy it .
In calling on Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf to relocate the Park51 community center , The News pays short shrift to the principles of religious liberty and tolerance that make America great .
Suggesting that we ’d all be better off if law - abiding Muslims sacrificed their constitutional right to religious liberty , at least while within two blocks of ground zero , leaves the impression that all Muslims are terrorists .
This bogus collective guilt , spread over the airwaves by those exploiting the pain of 9/11 to grab headlines and votes , is what fuels animosity toward Islam across the country .
Throughout our history , many religious groups , including Catholics , Protestants and Jews , have endured bigotry and discrimination .
Tolerance and fairness have generally prevailed , but only after principled voices transcended fear and hatred .
Ending the hatred and discrimination now confronting Muslims in America requires vigilantly defending our fundamental values , not shrinking away from them to avoid a controversy .
John A. Curr III
Executive Director Western Regional Office New York Civil Liberties Union
By Mark Lowen
BBC News , Belgrade
Majda Puaca , a gay pride organiser , was horrified in 2001 A gay parade planned to take place in Belgrade on Sunday has been cancelled , due to security concerns .
The decision came after a recent wave of homophobic graffiti that has appeared across the city with slogans like " Gay parade - we 're waiting for you " and " Death to homosexuals " .
Past days have seen increased threats from ultra-nationalist groups vowing to stop the parade at all costs .
The organisers and city authorities feared a repeat of eight years ago , when Belgrade 's first ever gay parade had to be abandoned half - way through due to widespread violence by an angry mob of protesters .
Television pictures of bleeding participants and police firing rubber bullets to disperse the crowd were flashed across the globe .
Majda Puaca , one of the organisers of this year 's event , also took part in 2001 .
I met her in one of Belgrade 's few gay bars - a smoky little venue , tucked away behind the central boulevard .
The Republic of Serbia has capitulated .
We have not
Gay Pride organising committee
It is a far cry from the very public party scene in the rest of the city , in which the streets are teeming with cafes and nightclubs .
This particular place tries hard not to be noticed .
" 2001 was really scary , " Majda says .
" I came to the central square and saw all these people .
Witnesses said the 2001 violence appeared to be organised " At first I thought wow , I can't believe that so many people have come to the pride .
And then all of a sudden a guy came and punched a girl in front of me .
" The policeman was standing just two metres away eating ice cream and not responding .
I screamed at the guy ' why did you hit this girl ? ' and he replied ' she's not a girl , she 's a lesbian ' . "
Homosexuality in Serbia is still far from accepted .
The gay scene is underground and members of the community are regularly the target of discrimination .
" I can't do just those basic little things , like sitting in the park and holding my girlfriend or kissing her , because I 'd be beaten , " says Majda .
" I think about leaving Serbia all the time .
But this is my home . "
It had taken some time to rebuild the confidence to give the parade another go , but in the end the government felt the threat posed by far - right groups was too great .
One of those bodies at the forefront of the protest movement is Obraz , an Orthodox Christian organisation .
Mladen Obradovic , 29 , is secretary general of Obraz .
Over his desk hangs a portrait of the former King of Yugoslavia , Peter I .
" All those trying to promote homosexuality as normal or acceptable are the enemies of the Serbian nation , " he tells me .
Mladen Obradovic says he fears for Serbia 's traditional values " They are trying to destroy our country and our traditional values .
We do n't want Serbia to become like Holland , " he says , grimacing at the thought .
" Everybody knows what will happen if the Belgrade pride goes ahead . "
I ask him if that means violence .
He replies : " I said , everybody knows what will happen . "
Organisers had hoped for political support , but they received very little .
Belgrade 's Mayor , Dragan Djilas , said recently that he believed sexual orientation should not be paraded .
Church opposition Opposition had come from Serbia 's national church as well , calling the event a " shame parade , not a pride parade " .
President Boris Tadic had been under pressure to break his silence over the rally .
The fact that the pride could n't go ahead shows that Serbia is still a homophobic society
Marko Karadzic
State secretary for human rights
He finally issued a last - minute statement , not supporting it , but saying that the state would offer protection for its citizens , regardless of their religious , sexual or political affiliation .
" Too many politicians are just afraid of their votes , " says Marko Karadzic , state secretary for human rights .
He was one of the few ministers who publicly backed the parade , receiving death threats for his stance , to which the government made no response .
" The fact that the pride could n't go ahead shows that Serbia is still a homophobic society , " he says .
" We need to make much more effort to clamp down on the groups and individuals inciting attacks . "
" I want to show that we have moved away from the values we inherited from Slobodan Milosevic , that we have learned from the past that violence is not an option to fight against something you do n't understand or are n't willing to understand . "
Serbia ' failed '
Serbia is indeed trying hard to shed its image of the 1990s , forged through the Balkan wars , and to present a new face to the world - open , peaceful and accepting of minorities .
One of the motors of that change is the desire for European Union membership .
Belgrade says it will submit its application for candidacy by the end of the year .
The government has an eye on mid-October , when Brussels releases its annual progress report on the country , containing sections on human rights and respect for minorities .
Homophobic graffiti has been appearing across the city Anxious voices in Brussels may now grow louder over the apparent inability of Serbia to hold a peaceful gay pride , particularly after several European embassies had leant the event their support .
The Serbian government will want to avoid any move that could jeopardise the country 's EU path .
Serbia 's prime minister has assured the country 's gay community that better lines of communication will be established to ensure that the parade can be held in the centre of the city next year .
The organising committee will certainly keep up the pressure .
" The state has failed the fundamental test , " it says in a statement .
" The next exam period is approaching fast .
The Republic of Serbia has capitulated .
We have not . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LOS ANGELES–
The Star has learned exclusively that the entire voice cast of Futurama has just signed a new contract with Fox after weeks of intense salary negotiations .
As late as last week , the network was threatening to replace the original voices of Matt Groening 's cult - hit cartoon , to the point of actually announcing a casting call for voice actors to replace them .
The Futurama voice cast includes John DiMaggio , Maurice LaMarche , Billy West , Tress MacNeille and Katey Sagal .
The compromise agreement , with the studio paying more and the actors accepting less , comes after the announcement of a 26 - episode pick - up here by Comedy Central .
Futurama also airs internationally in syndication , has produced four bestselling straight - to - DVD movies ( later cut into episodes ) and an upcoming feature film .
" We are thrilled to have our incredible cast back .
The call has already `gone out to the animators to put the mouths back on the characters , " Futurama creators Groening and David X. Cohen said in a joint statement .
Quantum mechanics and Einstein's theory of general relativity are both extremely accurate theories of how the universe works , but all attempts to combine the two into a unified theory have ended in failure .
When physicists try to calculate the properties of a quantum theory of gravity , they find quantities that become infinite -- infinities that are so bad they can't be removed by mathematical gambits that work in other areas of physics .
Now , Zvi Bern , John Carrasco , and Henrik Johanssen at UCLA , Lance Dixon at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center , and Radu Roiban at Pennsylvania State University have found a way to carry out a new set of gravity calculations with the help of an older theory that has been known since the 1980s to be finite .
Their new results are reported in Physical Review Letters and highlighted in a commentary by Hermann Nicolai at the Max Planck Institute for Gravitational Physics in Potsdam , Germany , in Physics .
Previous attempts at removing the fatal infinities in quantum gravity calculations collapsed when researchers discovered that you would need an infinite number of parameters .
The problem stems from the point - like and thus infinitesimally small fundamental particles in the theories , so some physicists have developed string theory as a possible approach : instead of point particles , the fundamental entities are vibrating loops of string .
But string theory is beset with its own difficulties , as it lays out a " landscape " of possibilities with an astronomical number of scenarios .
The new paper by Bern et al . shows that by combining desirable aspects of string theory and point - like particles , they can use cancellations in the calculations - done with the help of graphical computational methods called Feynman diagrams ( and later elaborations ) - to escape the problem of infinities .
While not a solution to the problem of quantum gravity , nor a result that knocks string theory aside , the findings of Bern et al .
show that theories thought to be dead ends may still show the way forward .
Life in the wild at the Mari-it Wildlife Conservation Park
University of San Agustin tourism
students at the netrance of Mari-it
Wildlife Conservation Park inside the
College of Agriculture .
Eco and adventure tourism have reached an all - time high in popularity .
Attendance rates at some known conservation parks have soared in recent years and people have started moving towards these wildlife conservation parks as a tourist destination .
Wildlife conservation is a process where individuals and organizations are involved in analyzing , protecting and preserving various life forms existing in our ecosystem .
Scientists have documented that human influence over the last 10,000 years in our ecosystem had been wide - ranging that they have difficulty estimating the total number of species lost in this era .
The endangered Panay Bushy - tailed
cloud rat .
Many species are at risk of becoming extinct because it is threatened by changing environment caused by overpopulation of humans — - identified as a major threat and with it comes mass agriculture , deforestation , overgrazing , slash and burn , urban development , pesticide use and global warming .
By acknowledging these problems that we can find solutions for them , although most solutions require enormous economic aids which may anchor these coherent problems .
There are many wildlife conservation societies and organizations all over the world that work untiringly to save wildlife through conservation education .
And one organization that strives to change attitudes towards the protection of wild populations of , including endangered species is the Mari-it Wildlife Conservation Park in Lambunao , Iloilo .
Situated inside the College of Agriculture and Forestry of West Visayas State University in Barangay Jayubo , 16.3 kilometers from the town ’s poblacion , is this 2.5 hectare conservation park , a captive breeding center for endemic animals in the Island of Panay .
Endemic to Panay is this playful
Blue - crowned Raquet tail parrot .
The park is a safe haven where endangered species such as the Panay tariktik hornbill ; Visayan warty pig ; Banog ( hawk ) ; Malayan palm civet ; leopard cat ; Visayan writhe hornbill ; Raquet - tailed parrot ; Visayan spotted deer and the Panay bushy - tailed cloud rat are given the opportunity to live in a protected environment that is as close to their natural habitat as possible .
The habitat preserved within the park boundaries affords many of these species an oasis of survival and some of the last bastions of intact ecosystems found today .
But these living , breathing monuments to Iloilo ’s landscape , culture and history need care and support to overcome the many dangers that threaten to destroy them forever .
At the Mari-it Wildlife Conservation Park , advocates work every day to ensure our conservation park get that vital care and support .
The park is headed by Project Director , Prof.
Lucia Lastimoza who works under the notion that all animals in the area , human and non-human , are of equal importance .
Her biggest task is to educate the public and work to help change the way humans think of , and treat these endangered animals .
Inside the park , she tries not to allow any activity that would place the animals in an unnecessary stressful situation .
The Conservation Park and natural sites of Lambunao embody the Ilonggo spirit .
They are windows to our past , homes to some of our rarest animal and plant species , and places where every Ilonggos can go to find inspiration , peace , and open space .
All of us have crucial roles in ensuring that these magnificent lands and landmarks are protected in perpetuity
Want an experience to remember ?
The area also provides a range of activities for all visitors to the parks and its neighboring reserves .
Lambunao ’s outstanding reserve system inside WVSU - CAF also offer visitors a wide choice of opportunities to discover spectacular landscapes , from cool , silent and rich wilderness park of temperate rainforest to beautiful cascading sceneries of waterfalls .
The park encompass a diversity of unspoiled habitats and ecosystems which offer refuge to unique , and often ancient , trees found nowhere else in Iloilo .
It offers versatile trekking opportunities .
The trail leading to Montillano and Inas waterfalls inside the reserve offers walking experiences for all –from short strolls to challenging wilderness treks covering a diverse array of environments , from ancient rainforests to inspiring walks through Lambunao ’s most mountainous landscapes .
This is a park for every season , and a park for every person .
Discover the natural and cultural values the Mari-it Wildlife Conservation Park protects and the enjoyment it offers .
Every year , in Britain alone , a staggering 1bn tampons and sanitary towels are used and disposed of – many ending up in the sewerage system .
If that figure gives you a PMT - type headache consider this : the average woman – if such a woman exists – uses 11,000 sanitary items during her lifetime , spending around £ 90 a year .
It may be tempting to suggest you look away now if you 're at all squeamish about this subject , but that squeamishness , it seems , serves the large sanitary protection manufacturers very well and the environment very badly .
While we avoid talking about it , many of those towels , tampons and liners , with all their attendant plastic applicators and stayfresh perfumes , are being flushed unthinkingly down the toilet .
Next time you do that , spare a thought for those whose job it is to manually scrape this sort of junk out of liquid sewage before it enters treatment plants , so that it can then be sent to landfill .
There are eco-friendly alternatives , however .
The Mooncup is one of them .
A silicone cup that collects menstrual blood , it 's washable , reusable and about as green as you can get .
Its growing popularity means it is no longer the preserve of hippy health shops .
Boots now stock them in all their stores , you will find them on eBay and they 're available to order from Amazon .
According to Mooncup , medical research dating back as far as 1918 has found that the pesticides used in growing the cotton for tampons , and the bleach to make them white , can be absorbed into the body .
It 's only when I come to try the Mooncup that I realise my relationship with Tampax tampons , which began when I was an unquestioning teenager 30 years ago , is my longest - held brand loyalty .
But the Mooncup , on paper at least , makes far more sense .
It contains none of those bleaches or toxins and it wo n't cause toxic shock syndrome ( TSS ) .
There are 30 cases of this potentially fatal build - up of the bacterium Staphylococcus aureus in the UK each year and half are linked to tampon use .
Two or three women die of TSS every year with teenage girls most at risk because they tend to change their tampons less frequently than they should .
Ever read the leaflet in your box of Tampax ?
I have now and even it suggests using a pad instead of a tampon at least once a day .
" You can also essentially eliminate the risk of menstrual TSS by not using tampons , " it adds ominously .
The Mooncup , which has been around for around 70 years in one form or another , has no history of TSS .
It will , however , save you loads of money , last for years and take up hardly any room in your luggage .
The £ 20 cups come in two sizes relating to age and whether you 've had children or not .
What , then , is not to like ?
I 'm not squeamish and I think it 's the name that 's put me off as much as anything but I take the plunge and order one .
A squidgy eggcup with a stem for removal , and the website address embossed handily around the edge , arrives .
It looks like a piece of the plumbing system , which , I suppose , it is .
I have a couple of practices and while at first it seems alarmingly springy , within a very short time I 'm whipping it in and out and feeling very proud of myself .
You can also turn to YouTube for help .
Then it was time to use it for real .
And you know what ?
It was fine .
More than fine , actually .
It was really interesting .
" Oh , so it 's only that much blood and that consistency , " I found myself musing .
I even felt I 'd been cheated of this information about what my body produces , all these years .
It did n't leak or get stuck and I honestly could n't feel it .
For the first time in aeons I did n't suffer a single stomach cramp .
Mooncup 's manufacturers put this down to the lower position of the cup in the vagina and the fact that it is non-absorbent and does n't soak up natural secretions , as conventional tampons do .
The Mooncup 's capacity is much greater than the most super - absorbent tampon so it can even cope on those days when you need 12 hours in bed .
A couple of months down the line it has reduced the headstress I 'd been suffering brought on by what I thought were heavy periods .
In fact , I realise now , it was just the tampon 's inability to cope , rather than my body 's fault , and I have n't used a single back - up liner .
Yes , there 's a bit of faffing about with washing when you come to empty it every six or eight hours but you do n't even need to do that .
If you have n't any water to hand a quick wipe with loo roll is OK .
Removal , on the other hand , involves some fairly undignified suction noises .
But that 's a very small price to pay for something that significantly contributes to reducing your ecological footprint and makes the whole period palaver more tolerable .
I 've also given the washable tampon - like Sea Pearls , made of sustainably harvested sea sponge , a whirl .
They 're slightly scratchy , and after the certainty of the Mooncup , I think I 'll pass .
Of course , says my sister , a Mooncup convert of several years , when I relate all this back to her , but if you want to do the real hippy thing you should empty the blood from your Mooncup onto your compost heap .
She has n't gone that far .
And neither will I . But , with equal certainty , I can say the Mooncup 's here to stay .
Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
A tucuxi breaches the Amazon
Freshwater dolphins living in the Amazon river basin are being attacked and killed by local fishermen .
Conservationists have found a number of boto and tucuxi dolphins that have been struck with machetes and harpoons and left to die .
The fishermen attack the dolphins fearing they are stealing their fish and ruining their fishing gear .
Some of the killings may also be driven by strong cultural taboos that suggest the animals bring bad luck .
The discovery of the dolphins came during a survey designed to monitor the mortality rate of both Amazonian dolphins and manatees conducted by researchers at the Mamirauá Institute for Sustainable Development in Tefe , Brazil .
Aquatic mammals such as dolphins are frequently seen as unwanted competitors for fisheries resources
Conservationist Carolina Loch During the survey , the research team led by Miriam Marmontel and Carolina Loch recovered 18 dead dolphins , six of which were botos ( Inia geoffrensis ) , also known as the Amazon river dolphin or pink river dolphin , and 12 were tucuxi ( Sotalia fluviatilis ) , another species that lives in the Amazon basin that is more closely related to oceanic dolphins .
Three of the dolphins had unusual injuries .
" These lesions were recognisable as marks made by stabbing with machetes and harpoon wounds , " says Loch .
The dolphins were found in two adjacent areas .
Both tucuxi carcasses were found floating in Amana Lake within the Amana Sustainable Development Reserve , a protected area , while the dead boto was found floating in the unprotected Tefe Lake .
A boto peers out from the gloom Both locations are in the northwestern Brazilian state of Amazonas .
Crucially , no parts of the dolphins ' bodies had been harvested , the researchers report in the journal Biodiversity and Conservation .
In some areas in the Amazonian basin , particularly in Colombia and Brazil , dolphins are killed for their body parts which are sold .
" The genital organs and eyes of tucuxis and botos are sometimes sold as amulets in popular markets of some Amazonian cities , " says Loch .
She also explains that there is a growing trend toward using boto meat and blubber as bait to catch a scavenging catfish called the ' piracatinga ' or Calophysus macropterus .
" This practice is possibly widespread in the Brazilian Amazon and may severely threaten [ the boto 's ] conservation , " Loch says .
But the three carcasses were unmolested apart from the initial fatal wounds .
A boto shows its curious nature
That means that fishermen are killing the dolphins simply to eliminate rather than exploit them .
" Aquatic mammals such as whales , dolphins and sea lions are frequently seen as unwanted competitors for fisheries resources , " says Loch .
" This sense is also widespread in the Amazonian region , especially among fishermen . "
Loch 's team think the fishermen suspect the dolphins of taking too many fish , both from the river and from their nets , and damaging their fishing gear in the process .
Cultural beliefs , myths and superstitions may also be driving some of the killings .
For example , in some parts of the Amazonian , the boto is traditionally viewed as a mischievous and tempestuous being , both feared and respected .
In extreme cases , it is thought the dolphins transform themselves into handsome men who come ashore and seduce young women , which explains why their reproductive organs are sold as charms .
But while such beliefs sometimes protect the boto and other dolphins from harm , they can also lead people to kill them out of fear or to prevent unexpected teenage pregnancies .
Fishing on the Amazon
The researchers say the three carcasses suggest that many more Amazonian dolphins are being intentionally killed , and the practice may pose a significant threat to their conservation .
An extensive education program must be started to mitigate the problem , Loch says .
" Environmental education activities with school children are fundamental to avoid these conflicts in the future , " she says .
" Amazonian dolphins play an important role in the local culture of Amazonian region , and positive aspects of this influence should be reinforced and encouraged . "
" Negative myths and legends linked to undesired pregnancy of women and enchantment of people should be respected as part of their culture , but should be clarified and negative attitudes towards animals should be discouraged . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Celery is 96 per cent water – but is also rich in minerals
A new study had found that some fruit and vegetables may hydrate the body twice as effectively as a glass of water – making them a refreshing snack option during the hot summer months .
Containing hydrating salts , minerals and sugars , they work in a similar way to the isotonic drinks favoured by athletes .
Water - rich fruit and vegetables act like a two - in - one meal and drink , providing the mineral salts , natural sugars , amino acids and vitamins that are lost in exercise .
The research , carried out at the University of Aberdeen Medical School , found this combination helped hydrate people more effectively than water or even sports drinks .
And a University of Naples study found that plant chemicals lutein and zeaxanthin – found in fruit such as watermelon and papaya – help boost hydration even further .
Top of the list are watermelons , which are 92 per cent water , eight per cent sugar and contain essential rehydration salts calcium , magnesium , potassium and sodium .
Watermelon is also rich in Vitamin C , as well as beta carotene and lycopene which will give the body protection from UV light .
Due to its 96 per cent water content and mineral balance , a cucumber can produce similar hydration levels to twice the volume of water .
It also contains almost ideal levels of calcium and magnesium , along with potassium , sodium and other minerals .
Two or three mineral - rich celery sticks replenish levels of sodium , potassium , magnesium , calcium , phosphorus , iron and zinc .
These salts help carry the 96 per cent water in which they are dissolved around the body .
Click Here !
‘ To be properly hydrated , you need to replace fluid lost from the body with one that ’s similar to the body ’s natural composition , ’ says Dr Susan Shirreffs , exercise physiologist and hydration expert at Loughborough University .
‘ Watery fruit and vegetables often contain levels of minerals and sugar that mirror this , so they can hydrate you more effectively than water alone .
Via Daily Mail
While most shows ' pilots air as their first episode , some shows get a do - over to make creative changes , improve production , or appease the network .
We look at some of the pilots that did n't make it and how the shows changed .
Advertisement
Buffy the Vampire Slayer ( Riff Regan vs. Alyson Hannigan )
What they changed : Joss Whedon financed the original pilot himself , formatting it as a half - hour episode .
It is , for the most part , a shortened version of " Welcome to the Hellmouth , " but with different casting .
The role of the Sunnydale library was played by Torrance High School 's library — a much larger and airier room than the cramped Hellmouth library we 've come to know and love , with a handy second floor for showing off those Buffy backflips .
Instead of Ken " Hyena Chow " Lerner as Principal Flutie , we get a much more straightlaced interpretation from character actor Stephen Tobolowsky .
But perhaps the biggest difference is in the role of Willow .
Instead of Alyson Hannigan , the geeky witch was originally played by Riff Regan .
Advertisement
How might the series have been different ?
Flutie probably would have still ended up in the stomachs of his students , but the Scooby Gang might have never been the same .
Regan 's Willow was a sweet doormat , but she did n't have quite the neurotic , eager - to - please quality Hannigan brought to the role .
Incidentally , it was n't the first time Hannigan replaced an actress after the filming of a show 's initial pilot .
In 1989 , she took over the role of Jessie Harper in the fantasy sitcom Free Spirit .
Unaired Pilot with Stephen Tobolowsky and Riff Regan :
Official Pilot — " Welcome to the Hellmouth : "
Dollhouse ( Joss Whedon vs. Fox )
What they changed :
The premise and the characters are the same , but the stories unfold in a rather different way .
We 're initially introduced to Echo through a trio of very different engagements : one philanthropic , one as a revenge date , and one where she talks down gangsters in Espagnol .
Boyd is already Echo's handler , and Topher has already caught onto Echo 's bison - like grouping with Victor and Sierra .
Agent Paul Ballard also comes face - to - face with Echo in the original pilot ... when Topher programs Echo to kill him .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
How might the series have been different ?
The original pilot played more as the start of a noir series than as a proof - of - concept for an engagement - of - the - week serial ( which is what the official pilot " Ghost " suggests ) .
We probably would have leaped to Dollhouse 's underlying plot more quickly , and spent more of the season focusing on Echo 's emerging awareness .
Plus , it seems the Dollhouse was originally going to be more hands on in addressing Ballard 's investigation .
We see some of that noir ( and slightly more classically Whedonesque dialogue ) in the original pilot clip below :
Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles ( Bad - Ass Sarah vs. Vulnerable Sarah
What they changed :
The most readily obvious difference between the unaired pilot and what aired on Fox is that Tim Guinee , who played Tomin in Stargate SG - 1 , was originally cast as Sarah 's jilted fiance Charley , but was replaced in the official pilot by Dean Winters .
But more significant is a key change in the final scene .
In official pilot , when Sarah Connor delivers her final voiceover , we see her caress her son's face before walking into her home .
In the original pilot , we instead see her pulling a gun out of its hiding place while Cameron and John sit in the same room preparing their weapons , showing that Sarah 's focus is on the coming war .
Advertisement
How might the series have been different ?
It 's hard to say to what extent this change represents a shift in tone across the series , but we worried that it signaled a " wimpifying " of Sarah Connor , showing her vulnerability where it could have shown her strength and determination .
You can scene the unaired scenes and their official pilot counterparts below :
Why Did They Wimpify Sarah Connor ?
Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles has all the ingredients for an awesome ride : Lena Headey 's … Read more
Life on Mars ( US ) ( Sunny LA vs. Gritty NY )
What they changed : Pretty much whatever they could .
The original pilot for the US adaptation of Life on Mars was thoroughly panned , and producers quickly moved the action from Los Angeles to New York ( allowing for that Twin Towers shot ) , and recast several roles .
Star Trek vet Colm Meaney was replaced by Harvey Keitel in the role of Gene Hunt and Gretchen Mol took over Rachelle Lefevre 's role as Annie Norris ( Lefevre might have experienced an unfortunate moment of deja vu when she was recently replaced in yet another role — as the vampire VIctoria in Eclipse ) .
But beyond that , certain scenes from the original pilot were rewritten to more closely match the UK version , and made the scenes visually darker and more textured .
Advertisement
How might the series have been different ?
It simply would n't have been as good .
The original US pilot genericized the UK version , washing it of all character .
By ultimately sticking closer to the source material , the US version of Life on Mars was able to echo its tone while creating a new mythology to explain Sam Tyler 's predicament .
Advertisement
Scene from the Unaired Pilot :
Scene from the Official Pilot :
Star Trek ( Christopher Pike vs. James T. Kirk )
What they changed :
The original pilot " The Cage " was a completely episode from the official Star Trek pilot " Where No Man Has Gone Before , " with an almost completely different Enterprise crew .
In lieu of William Shatner 's syncopated Captain Kirk , Jeffrey Hunter was set to helm the ship as Captain Christopher Pike , and Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry 's future wife , Majel Barrett , played his intellectual and rational second - in - command , known only as " Number One . "
Spock would be the sole crew member to make the transition from first pilot to official pilot , but even he would undergo some minor changes .
The original pilot 's Spock was known to smile and use human colloquialisms , while the final Spock inherited Number One 's sense of cold , hard logic .
Advertisement
How might the series have been different ?
The basics of the Enterprise and the Federation would have remained largely the same ( in fact , most of the footage from " The Cage " would be cannibalized for a later episode " The Menagerie " ) .
But the dynamics of the crew would have been very different .
Pike was n't the emotive adventurer Kirk would be , and he was n't cast in as nearly sharp relief against either Spock or Number One .
Plus , the original pilot 's entirely caucasian cast was hardly the rainbow coalition that made the final version of Star Trek such a progressive piece of television .
Original Pilot — " The Cage : "
Official Pilot — " Where No Man Has Gone Before : "
Doctor Who ( The Doctor from the 49th Century vs. The Doctor from Another Time
What they changed :
The original episode of the first Doctor Who serial " An Unearthly Child " has the feel of a filmed dress rehearsal , but there were a few changes made beyond tightening the performances and improving production values .
The Doctor and Susan both undergo costume changes — Susan into a more casual , less futuristic look and the Doctor from a modern suit to an Edwardian one — and the Doctor is much less gruff than in the original pilot .
Also , in the original pilot , the Doctor and Susan talk specifically about being from the 49th Century , rather than the being from " another time , another world . "
Advertisement
How might the series have been different ?
Aside from making the First Doctor outright hostile to his new companions instead of largely indifferent to them , the original pilot is a bit less mysterious about the Doctor and Susan 's origins .
If it had gone to air , it might have set the stage for a Doctor who is less coy and more forthcoming .
Segment from the Original Version :
Segment from the Official Version :
Heroes ( Terrorists and Severed Limbs vs. An 8 pm Timeslot
What they changed :
The full version of the unaired Heroes pilot clocks in at 74 minutes , with a couple of plotlines that never made it into the final version .
For example , DL appears as a prison inmate with a grudge against Nathan — the prosecutor who put him away .
A childhood friend of Matt Parkman 's is now a member of a terrorist cell and develops radiation - based powers , and his terrorist cell is responsible for the train wreck in Texas .
Zachary Quinto had not yet been cast as Gabriel Gray , aka Sylar , but a shadowy figure named Paul Sylar meets with Mohinder .
And , Isaac Mendez meets with a rather gruesome end : he handcuffs himself to a pipe to withdraw from heroin , but ends up sawing his own hand off instead , after which he promptly overdoses .
Advertisement
How might the series have been different ?
The original pilot suggests a somewhat darker , more violent vision for Heroes .
With this as the pilot , we might have seen that brain - eating Sylar after all .
Lost in Space ( Space Family Robinson vs. Dr. Smith and the Robot )
What they changed :
In the official pilot , the Robinson family , Major Don West , and a B - 9 Robot go into a space , only to be stranded far from home when a stowaway , Dr. Zachary Smith , sabotages the ship .
By the second episode , the Robinsons managed to repair the ship so they could embark on lots of spacefaring adventures .
The original pilot , though , is much more Swiss Family Robinson , with only the Robinson family and Don West — no Robot , no Smith — going into space , only to crash land on an alien planet .
By the end of the pilot episode , they are still on the planet with no sign of them returning to space .
Advertisement
How might the series have been different ?
In addition to depriving us of the catchphrase " Danger , Will Robinson ! " and the character audiences loved to hate , Lost in Space would have been a very different species of show , with the focus on how the family survives on an alien planet rather than following their far - flung adventures in space .
Original Pilot — " No Place to Hide : "
Official Pilot — " The Reluctant Stowaway : "
Of course , there are plenty of other shows reshot all or portions of their pilots .
Birds of Prey , Smallville , True Blood , and Bionic Woman all recast key roles after shooting their pilots , while shows like Nickelodeon 's Space Cases had only " proof of concept " pilots and had to film entirely new episodes with improved sets , makeup , special effects , and hair :
Roly Poly Cannon 2
Use your cannon to eliminate all of the evil Roly Poly creatures , but spare the friendly ones .
Blow up , burn or drown the Roly Polys to kill them .
HOUWAN VILLAGE , Taiwan —
Standing on a metal platform , Alger Liu , 26 , scoops up a pile of krill , lowers it to the tank below him , and into the gaping maw of a whale shark — the largest fish on the planet .
Liu calls the 13 - ft , 1,500 - pound juvenile whale shark " Ah " , in honor of his huge mouth ( officially , the beast is nameless ) .
After his ladel 's been emptied , Liu uses it to " pet " Ah's head ( " Like a dog , " Liu said .
" I think he likes this . " )
Taiwan 's only captive whale shark has it pretty good .
It gets 25 pounds of krill a day .
It has a doting caretaker .
More to the point , it has n't been chopped up into little pieces , stir - fried and scarfed down at a seafood restaurant .
And in two to three years ' time , when Ah grows too big for his tank — say , when it 's 19 to 20 feet long — the seaside National Museum of Marine Biology and Aquarium will set it free in the Taiwan Strait , Liu said .
Such treatment reflects a budding spirit of conservation among Taiwanese .
Once seen as prime seafood , whale sharks are now viewed as a vulnerable species , research subject and ecotourism draw .
It 's a sign , too , of how younger , better - off generations have embraced environmentalism .
" There already are so few of them [ whale sharks ] said Sofi Chung , 20 , a bartender in Kenting , a nearby seaside vacation area .
" We should n't eat them . "
Experts credit Taiwan 's changed view of whale sharks to a campaign by global and local environmental groups , media coverage and pragmatic government policies .
In short , whale sharks are a success story of environmental policy - making in this free - wheeling young democracy .
Whale sharks , the largest fish in the ocean ( blue whales are the largest mammal ) , can grow up to 40 feet in length .
In the wild they feed mostly on plankton , and are harmless to humans ( Liu said Ah will even take him for circular " rides " around the tank ) .
By early this decade , Taiwanese fishermen had noted whale sharks ' dwindling numbers in waters near the island , from a catch of about 270 in 1996 to just 100 in 2001 , according to Joung Shoou- jeng , a whale shark expert at National Taiwan Ocean University .
A 2002 conference brought fishermen together with activists and experts for a lively debate on the way forward .
Then the government acted , instituting a fishing quota for several years before a total ban in 2008 on the fishing , sale and consumption of whale shark .
Now , flouting that ban can get earn you stiff fines and up to three years in prison .
The Fisheries Agency says there 's only one such case so far , in which a chopped - up whale shark was found on a fishing boat ( the case is still working its way through the courts ) .
" At first , there were some voices of protest [ against the law ] among fishermen , " Joung said .
" But now , they accept it . "
Taiwan 's ban was especially important for whale shark conservation .
As recently as five years ago the island was the top market for whale shark meat , called " tofu shark " by local diners for its soft , chewy consistency .
Now , experts say the ban has worked — the meat has vanished from seafood markets and is off the menu at restaurants .
" It 's been pretty effective , " said Joyce Wu of TRAFFIC East Asia .
One reason for success : Fishermen who accidentally snare a whale shark in their nets are paid NT $ 30,000 ( about $ 915 ) to set it free .
According to Taiwan 's Fisheries Agency , 165 whale sharks were caught and released last year after the fishing ban took effect ; 79 have been set free so far this year .
Researchers use the opportunity to tag the whale sharks for tracking .
Professor Joung says they 're now studying the shark 's migratory patterns .
Taiwan could soon offer whale shark eco-tours to waters where the sharks congregate , as is done already at Australia 's Ningaloo Reef .
Still , the picture for whale sharks is n't entirely rosy .
In Taiwan , the NT$ 30,000 per-shark subsidy will be phased out by the end of this year .
That could swell a " black market " for whale shark meat here , Joung said .
And activists say that a global ban is what 's really needed .
" If we really want to have effective conservation , I think the only way to do it is to ban [ whale shark fishing ] everywhere , " said Allen Chen , a marine biologist at Academia Sinica .
Finally , some activists go farther , saying whale sharks should n't be kept in captivity at all .
Aquariums retort that their whale shark exhibits help educate the public , which is essential to gaining support for global conservation .
In Dubai last year , a luxury hotel released its whale shark , dubbed " Sammy " by the local press , after a " Free Sammy " campaign ( complete with Facebook page ) drew too much negative attention .
There 's no " Free Ah " movement in Taiwan ; the debate is somewhat moot here , since " Ah " is the island 's last captive specimen , and he 's due to be released in the next few years anyway .
The U.S. boasts four whale sharks at the Georgia Aquarium .
Two others , the ill - fated Ralph and Norton , died in 2007 at the same aquarium ( all six were flown from Taiwan by jumbo jet ) .
Japan has several more , and a South Korean aquarium is shopping for a specimen .
For now ,
Ah is the star attraction at Taiwan 's aquarium , drawing " oohs " and ( yes ) " ahhs " from excited Taiwanese tykes every time he circles into view .
Back in his office after feeding time , Ah's keeper , Liu , admits to some second thoughts about cramping the whale shark 's style .
" Whale sharks are so big , and they swim such long distances , " he said .
" So to put one in a little tank it 's like it 's doing time . "
" I think it [ Ah ] is smart .
It knows me and swims to me , " Liu said affectionately .
" So it 's hard to make the decision — to let it go or have it stay here .
I still think about it sometimes . "
As housing - market observers fight about whether we 've hit the bottom or are just seeing the " mother of all head fakes , " it 's worth remembering that we 're approaching the second wave of mortgage resets .
What 's a " mortgage reset " ?
It 's when the homeowner who bought a house with a low " teaser rate " and planned to refinance as soon as the house price went up suddenly gets a new payment that is far higher ( not always , but usually ) .
Often , homeowners can't afford these resets .
The first wave of resets , as you 're recall , was subprime .
As this chart from Whitney Tilson shows , that 's basically done with :
So subprime is pretty much done .
But Alt - A is actually a much larger category of mortgages .
And the big Alt - A reset boom is just around the corner :
As Karen Weaver of Deutsche Bank observes , Alt - A mortgages are already mostly underwater .
The combination of resets plus severely underwater status will likely exacerbate defaults and foreclosures .
See Also :
Half Of US Mortgagors To Be Underwater By 2011
A Brief Primer On The State Of The Mortgage Market >
OVER the past decade , biofuels have been a disappointment .
There is no denying their promise : clean - burning fuel that could reduce a country 's dependence on foreign oil .
But America 's attempts to produce biofuels from corn and soyabeans — hoping to replicate Brazil 's success with sugar cane — have failed dismally .
All the ethanol subsidies for Midwestern farmers ever did was raise food prices globally .
Moreover when all the environmental factors were taken into account , using biofuel made from corn or soyabeans proved to be worse environmentally than burning an equivalent amount of petrol refined from oil .
In some studies , it actually increased carbon emissions by as much as 50 % over that produced by fossil fuels .
Put some trash in your tank
Attention has now turned to more benign feedstocks for biofuels — including wood - chips and other forms of agricultural waste .
But most still need lots of energy or expensive enzymes to work .
Meanwhile , using designer bugs to tailor - make low - emission fuels is still in its infancy ( see “ Bugs in the tank ” , May 2nd 2008 ) .
What , then , is the most abundant feedstock for making ethanol which does not wreak havoc on food supplies , is environmentally friendly , economic and has all the enabling technologies in place ?
The answer , in a word , is rubbish .
Ethanol made from waste — and used neat or as a blend in a “ flex - fuel ” petrol engine — is currently the best deal in town .
Last year America produced 8.5 billion gallons ( 32 billion litres ) of ethanol from various sources .
The latest version of the government 's Renewable Fuels Standard calls for 36 billion gallons of biofuels to be produced annually by 2022 .
Municipal waste could supply at least half of that in the form of ethanol for motor vehicles .
As it is , petrol bought at the pump already contains 5 - 10 % ethanol .
With lead and MTBE additives now phased out , spiking petrol with a small amount of ethanol raises its octane level enough to prevent the engine from “ knocking ” under load .
If unchecked , such knocking — caused by the air - fuel mixture detonating prematurely in a haphazard fashion — can destroy the engine .
Actually , most petrol - engined cars will run happily on 20 % ethanol without the driver noticing any difference .
With a few tweaks under the bonnet , a petrol engine will burn 85 % ethanol or even 100 % ethanol with little loss of performance .
The big plus is that it produces anything up to 85 % less greenhouse gases , depending on how the ethanol was brewed .
Unfortunately , ethanol - powered cars get 25 % fewer miles to the gallon than their petrol equivalents .
As a fuel , ethanol has a lower energy density and therefore needs more of it to do the same job .
Another problem is that existing petrol engines cannot take advantage of the much higher octane rating .
Ideally , an ethanol engine needs a compression ratio of 19:1 instead of the 10:1 typical of petrol engines .
But then it would no longer be a flex - fuel vehicle capable of running on petrol , ethanol or blends of both .
Belatedly , carmakers have begun to take flex - fuel vehicles more seriously .
Ford , General Motors and Chrysler , along with a handful of German and Japanese manufacturers , are now bolstering their ranges of petrol - powered vehicles that can run on blends of ethanol as well .
That has created openings for a number of bright sparks .
One of the brightest your correspondent has come across to date is Fulcrum BioEnergy of Pleasanton , California .
Fulcrum is building a $ 100 m plant near Reno , Nevada , to make over 10 m gallons of ethanol a year from municipal solid waste .
James Macias , the company 's boss , has identified 26 sites around the country with municipal rubbish supplies capable of supporting similar or even larger plants .
Together , they could produce over a billion gallons of ethanol annually at roughly $ 1 a gallon .
A scaled up version of Fulcrum 's Reno plant could produce as much as 95 m gallons of ethanol a year — all from useless landfill that would otherwise emit copious quantities of methane ( the most potent greenhouse gas ) .
Environmentalists reckon that using the ethanol produced over the lifetime of such a plant would cut carbon emissions by 75 % compared with burning the equivalent amount of petrol .
That would be like taking 100,000 cars off the road .
The second ethanol venture your correspondent has been impressed by recently is much more down - to - earth .
GreenHouse International , a San Diego - based eco-house - builder and provider of alternative fuels for the home , is in the throes of establishing a network of ethanol filling stations that are literally in people 's backyards .
By law , private individuals in America are allowed to store up to 50 gallons of ethanol on their premises .
So far , the only people to do so have been farmers who make ethanol to fuel their tractors and harvesters .
The refuelling station that GreenHouse installs at people 's homes is actually a micro-refinery that makes its own ethanol on the spot from organic waste .
The feedstock — mostly beer and soft drinks that have passed their best - before date , and other waste containing lots of sugar — is supplied free by GreenHouse .
Drinks firms such as Coca - Cola , as well as big breweries , currently pay large sums of money to have their waste and date - expired products hauled away and processed for disposal .
So far , Chris Ursitti , GreenHouse 's founder , has signed contracts for 29,000 tons of liquid waste and spent beer .
After blending , a fleet of the company 's trucks deliver the feedstock to customers ' doors .
GreenHouse has an exclusive contract to install the so - called MicroFueler made by E - Fuel of Los Gatos , California .
The MicroFueler is the brainchild of Tom Quinn , the inventor of the motion - controller that made the Nintendo Wii such a runaway success , and ethanol scientist Floyd Butterfield .
The technology solves two of the headaches that have plagued ethanol production : the reliance on corn as a feedstock and the difficulty of distributing it .
The MicroFueler comprises a 250 - gallon feedstock container and a separate unit holding the still , fuel tank and pumping station .
With its internet connection , the MicroFueler calls GreenHouse automatically whenever it needs more feedstock or maintenance .
The equipment sells for $ 10,000 but tax credits in effect halve the cost .
After that , owners will be billed monthly for only the ethanol they pump into their flex - fuel vehicles .
The fuel is expected to cost $ 1 - 2 a gallon , depending on the volume used .
Unfortunately , your correspondent 's two ancient Lotuses cannot digest the stuff .
But the family kidmobile is young enough to cope .
Now , if only he could get a couple of neighbours interested in sharing the cost ...
On Thursday , the French economy minister , Christine Lagarde , and the Swiss president , Hans - Rudolf Merz , signed a revised tax treaty , long sought by Paris , that updated the two countries ’ 1966 agreement to conform with the latest international standards set by the 30 nations of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development .
Ms. Lagarde hailed the agreement as “ the start of a new era in relations between the two governments ” and said Swiss bank secrecy laws would “ no longer be an obstacle to the communication of this information . ”
The onset of the financial crisis was the trigger for France , along with the United States and Germany , to begin a determined push for international cooperation against tax avoiders .
Switzerland is by far the largest tax haven , and it has attracted most of the opprobrium and pressure this year .
In Washington , the Internal Revenue Service agreed Aug. 19 to a deal with the Swiss bank UBS under which it will obtain the names of 4,450 holders of accounts that it suspects Americans are using to avoid U.S. taxes .
The Swiss bank had already agreed to pay $ 780 million to settle civil and criminal charges in the case .
President Nicolas Sarkozy of France is also seeking to shore up his bona fides as a reformer as he prepares for the Group of 20 nations summit meeting in Pittsburgh Sept. 24 -25 .
Last week , Mr. Sarkozy obtained the agreement of French banks to curb excessive bonus payments , saying , “ France must lead and try to persuade the others . ”
THE PENANCE HAS NOT BEEN PAID ….
Following up on this item from yesterday , I had an interesting conversation via email yesterday with Bruce Bartlett , a veteran of the Reagan and H.W. Bush administrations .
Bruce made a point that really resonated with me , and he was gracious enough to allow me to republish it here .
I believe that political parties should do penance for their mistakes and just losing power is not enough .
Part of that involves understanding why those mistakes were made and how to prevent them from happening again .
Republicans , however , have done no penance .
They just pretend that they did nothing wrong .
But until they do penance they do n’t deserve any credibility and should be ignored until they do .
That ’s what my attacks on Bush are all about .
I want Republicans to admit they were wrong about him , accept blame for his mistakes , and take some meaningful action to keep them from happening again .
Bush should be treated as a pariah , as Richard Nixon was for many years until he rebuilt his credibility by more or less coming clean about Watergate with David Frost and writing a number of thoughtful books .
One reason this is n’t happening is because the media do n’t treat Republicans as if they are discredited .
On the contrary , they often seem to be treated as if they have more credibility than the administration .
Just look at the silly issue of death panels .
The media should have laughed it out the window , ridiculed it or at least ignored it once it was determined that there was no basis to the charge .
Instead , those making the most outlandish charges are treated with deference and respect , while those that actually have credibility on the subject are treated as equals at best and often with deep skepticism , as if they are the ones with an ax to grind .
I am truly baffled by this situation , as I ’m sure you are .
As regular readers may imagine , I find this overwhelmingly persuasive .
Bush / Cheney policies failed so spectacularly , Republican candidates and officeholders are generally reluctant to associate themselves with the tarnished name of the previous administration .
But Bush / Cheney policies are still those of the contemporary Republican Party .
Nothing has changed .
Failure and defeat have n’t chastened the GOP at all , and if given a chance to govern again , Republican leaders are quite anxious to return to the exact same agenda they embraced when they were in the majority .
And the political mainstream seems to think this is sane .
The same Republicans — literally , the self - same individual people — who were astonishingly wrong about pretty much every area of public policy in recent years , are the same Republicans who feel confident that they ’re still credible , knowledgeable , and correct .
Not because they ’ve changed their larger agenda or worldview , but because a brief period of time has elapsed .
They feel justified proposing a five - year spending freeze in response to the economic crisis .
They feel comfortable pretending to care about the “ death panels ” policy they already endorsed , promoted , and voted for .
They have no qualms making bitter complaints about deficits and debts after having spent most of the decade increasing the size of government , increasing federal spending , and creating of some of the largest deficits in American history .
We ’re not supposed to point and laugh at their humiliating ideas and attacks — we ’re supposed to negotiate with them .
What ’s more , rejected in large numbers by voters nine months ago , and after spending the last seven months acting like confused children , these same Republicans now insist what they really deserve is to be back in the majority again .
Seriously .
I suppose the word that keeps coming to mind is “ consequences . ”
The Republican Party of the Bush era failed in ways few have even tried , burdening the nation with challenges and crises that are difficult to address and painful to even think about .
They believe , however , there should be no consequences for this .
There ’s no need , they say , to alter their political beliefs at all .
Indeed , they see their main goal as the loyal opposition to undermine efforts to clean up the mess they left .
They ’re the arsonists hoping to convince the public not to have confidence in the fire department .
No penance , no consequences , no self - reflection — only the expectation that they be treated as a serious group with a credible agenda .
It ’s probably one of the most frustrating aspects of the larger political discourse .
Individual issues aside , there ’s a temptation to turn to Boehner , Cantor , McConnell , et al , and say , “ We ’re still waiting for that apology . ”
In the vast majority of cases , effective legal approaches will eliminate or at the very least , effectively control emotional and physical harm to children caused by Hostile - Aggressive Parenting .
It must be noted that in the vast majority of cases , the behaviour of HAP parents will correct their behaviour quickly once the watchful eye of the court or other specialists from the community who have knowledge of HAP have been brought into the case .
One of the main problems is that in recent years the courts have become too lenient when dealing with hostile - aggressive behaviours with parents .
The courts failure to sanction those parents who are abusive to their children through HAP has actually resulted in a greater incidence of abuse against children caused by HAP .
To effectively deal with Hostile - Aggressive Parenting , the courts must apply positive motivators to reward parents for good parenting behaviour as well as effective penalties to discourage Hostile - Aggressive Parenting .
Re-establishing a power balance between the HAP parent and the other parent is one of first , most crucial steps in stopping HAP behaviours as this allows the child to see that the HAP parent is no longer able to prevent the child from seeking meaningful help through the other parent ( usually the non-custodial parent ) .
Parents who continue to expose their children to Hostile– Aggressive Parenting need to be warned by the court that if they do not end their hostile parenting patterns , court sanctions will be imposed upon them , including reversal of primary care or even custody of the child .
Court sanctions not only serve to " remind " the hostile parent to cooperate and to behave in a civil manner , but are very useful for the children as well .
Effective sanctions set an example to the children and all family members that Hostile - Aggressive Parenting is not acceptable behaviour to our society and that the courts will not tolerate it .
When a child feels reassured that the system will protect him / her from their hostile - aggressive parent it will give the child the courage to express their love to the more reasonable parent and will ease the fear they might otherwise feel if they were to admit to the HAP parent that they themselves really want to see the other parent .
In such situations , the child can say what they know they must to satisfy the hostile parent ’s need to feel that the children love them more than the other parent but knowing at the same time that the hostile parent must take them to see the other parent and that what they say to the hostile - aggressive parent will not be somehow used against the friendly parent .
Many times HAP parents will pressure the child to say that they do n’t want to see the other parent .
This of course is used as part of the strategy to justify what the child should not be seeing the other parent .
Unfortunately , in most communities there are a number of biased social workers and counsellors who have no knowledge of HAP who will support the hostile - aggressive parent ’s campaign to alienate the child from the other parent .
It can not be emphasized strongly enough that one of most powerful incentives to get the hostile– aggressive parent to act in the best interest of their child is through a collaborative approach from family , the community and the courts .
This is a very important factor in providing the children of separation and divorce with the support mechanism , outside of their parents , they so desperately need .
Children are often afraid to express their wishes and preferences out of their fear of a custodial HAP parent .
Generally , children want a relationship with both parents and need the help of the courts and the community to ensure this without the children themselves , having to say it .
But Pierre Weiss , the IAAF secretary general , hinted strongly at the results on Thursday when he said : " It is clear that she is a woman , but maybe not 100 per cent .
We have to see if she has an advantage from her possibly being between two sexes compared to the others . "
The ‘ Zoom Boom ’ : New Ways of Working With physical distancing recommended as the most effective way to curb the transmission of COVID - 19 , most of the global population have adjusted to the ‘ new normal ’ and have adopted virtual learning , working and communicating .
Across the world , a large percentage of virtual classrooms , meetings and friendly catch - ups take place over a relatively new video conferencing service …
By Stefan Rahmstorf and Martin Vermeer
The scientific sea level discussion has moved a long way since the last IPCC report was published in 2007 ( see our post back then ) .
The Copenhagen Synthesis Report recently concluded that “ The updated estimates of the future global mean sea level rise are about double the IPCC projections from 2007 ″ .
New Scientist last month ran a nice article on the state of the science , very much in the same vein .
But now Mark Siddall , Thomas Stocker and Peter Clark have countered this trend in an article in Nature Geoscience , projecting a global rise of only 7 to 82 cm from 2000 to the end of this century .
Coastal erosion : Like the Dominican Republic , many island nations are
particularly vulnerable to sea level rise .
( Photo : S.R. )
Semi-empirical sea level models
Siddall et al. use a semi-empirical approach similar to the one Stefan proposed in Science in 2007 ( let ’s call that R07 ) and to Grinsted et al. ( 2009 ) , which we discussed here .
What are the similarities and where do the differences come from ?
For short time scales and small temperature changes everything becomes linear and the two new approaches are mathematically equivalent to R07 ( see footnote 1 ) .
They can all be described by the simple equation :
dS/dt = a ΔT ( t ) + b ( Eq 1 )
dS / dt is the rate of change of sea level S , ΔT is the warming above some baseline temperature , and a and b are constants .
The baseline temperature can be chosen arbitrarily since any constant temperature offset can be absorbed into b .
This becomes clear with an example : Assume you want to compute sea level rise from 1900 - 2000 , using as input a temperature time series like the global GISS data .
A clever choice of baseline temperature would then be the temperature around 1900 ( averaged over 20 years or so , we ’re not interested in weather variability here ) .
Then you can integrate the equation from 1900 to 2000 to get sea level relative to 1900 :
S(t ) = a ∫ ΔT ( t’) dt ’ + b t ( Eq 2 )
There are two contributions to 20th C sea level rise : one from the warming in the 20th Century ( let ’s call this the “ new rise ” ) , and a sea level rise that results from any climate changes prior to 1900 , at a rate b that was already present in 1900 ( let ’s call this the “ old rise ” ) .
This rate is constant for 1900 - 2000 since the response time scale of sea level is implicitly assumed to be very long in Eq. 1 . A simple matlab / octave code is provided below ( 2 ) .
If you ’re only interested in the total rise for 1900 - 2000 , the temperature integral over the GISS data set is 25 ºC years , which is just another way of saying that the mean temperature of the 20th Century was 0.25 ºC above the 1900 baseline .
The sea level rise over the 20th Century is thus :
S( 1900 - 2000 ) = 25 a + 100 b ( Eq. 3 )
Compared to Eq. 1 , both new studies introduce an element of non-linearity .
In the approach of Grinsted et al , sea level rise may flatten off ( as compared to what Eq 1 gives ) already on time scales of a century , since they look at a single equilibration time scale τ for sea level with estimates ranging from 200 years to 1200 years .
It is a valid idea that part of sea level rise responds on such time scales , but this is unlikely to be the full story given the long response time of big ice sheets .
Siddall et al. in contrast find a time scale of 2900 years , but introduce a non-linearity in the equilibrium response of sea level to temperature ( see their curve in Fig. 1 and footnote 3 below ) : it flattens off strongly for warm temperatures .
The reason for both the long time scale and the shape of their equilibrium curve is that this curve is dominated by ice volume changes .
The flattening at the warm end is because sea level has little scope to rise much further once the Earth has run out of ice .
However , their model is constructed so that this equilibrium curve determines the rate of sea level rise right from the beginning of melting , when the shortage of ice arising later should not play a role yet .
Hence , we consider this nonlinearity , which is partly responsible for the lower future projections compared to R07 , physically unrealistic .
In contrast , there are some good reasons for the assumption of linearity ( see below ) .
Comparison of model parameters
But back to the linear case and Eq. 1 : how do the parameter choices compare ?
a is a ( more or less ) universal constant linking sea level to temperature changes , one could call it the sea level sensitivity .
b is more situation - specific in that it depends both on the chosen temperature baseline and the time history of previous climate changes , so one has to be very careful when comparing b between different models .
For R07 , and referenced to a baseline temperature for the year 1900 , we get a = 0.34 cm / ºC/ year and b = 0.077 cm / year .
Corresponding values of Grinsted et al. are shown in the table ( thanks to Aslak for giving those to us ! ) .
For Siddall et al , a = s/τ where s is the slope of their sea level curve , which near present temperatures is 4.8 meters per ºC and τ is the response the time scale .
Thus a = 0.17 cm / ºC/ year and b = 0.04 cm / year ( see table ) .
The latter can be concluded from the fact that their 19th Century sea level rise , with flat temperatures ( ΔT ( t ) = 0 ) is 4 cm .
Thus , in the model of Siddall et al , sea level ( near the present climate ) is only half as sensitive to warming as in R07 .
This is a second reason why their projection is lower than R07 .
Model
a [ cm/ºC/year ] b
[ cm / year ] “ new rise ” [ cm ] ( 25a ) “ old rise ” [ cm ] ( 100 b ) 25a+100b
[ cm ] total model rise [ cm ] Rahmstorf 0.34 0.077 8.5 7.7 16.2 16.2 Grinsted et al “ historical ” 0.30 0.141 7.5 14.1 21.6 21.3 Grinsted et al “ Moberg ” 0.63 0.085 ( 15.8 ) ( 8.5 ) ( 24.3 ) 20.6 Siddall et al 0.17 0.04 4.3 4 8.3 8.3 ( ? ) 7.9
Performance for 20th Century sea level rise
For the 20th Century we can compute the “ new ” sea level rise due to 20th Century warming and the “ old ” rise due to earlier climate changes from Eq. 3 .
The results are shown in the table .
From Grinsted et al , we show two versions fitted to different data sets , one only to “ historical ” data using the Jevrejeva et al. ( 2006 ) sea level from 1850 , and one using the Moberg et al. ( 2006 ) temperature reconstruction with the extended Amsterdam sea level record starting in the year 1700 .
First note that “ old ” and “ new ” rise are of similar magnitude for the 20th Century because of the small average warming of 0.25 ºC .
But it is the a -term in Eq. ( 2 ) that matters for the future , since with future warming the temperature integral becomes many times larger .
It is thus important to realise that the total 20th Century rise is not a useful data constraint on a , because one can get this right for any value of a as long as b is chosen accordingly .
To constrain the value of a – which dominates the 21st Century projections — one needs to look at the “ new rise ” .
How much has sea level rise accelerated over the 20th Century , in response to rising temperatures ?
That determines how much it will accelerate in future when warming continues .
The Rahmstorf model and the Grinsted “ historical ” case are by definition in excellent agreement with 20th Century data ( and get similar values of a ) since they have been tuned to those .
The main difference arises from the differences between the two sea level data sets used : Church and White ( 2006 ) by Rahmstorf , Jevrejeva et al. ( 2006 ) by Grinsted et al .
Since the “ historical ” case of Grinsted et al. finds a ~ 1200 - year response time scale , these two models are almost fully equivalent on a century time scale ( e-100/1200=0.92 ) and give nearly the same results .
The total model rise in the last column is just 1.5 percent less than that based on the linear Eq. 3 because of that finite response time scale .
For the Grinsted “ Moberg ” case the response time scale is only ~ 210 years , hence our linear approximation becomes bad already on a century time scale ( e-100/210=0.62 , the total rise is 15 % less than the linear estimate ) , which is why we give the linear estimates only in brackets for comparison here .
The rise predicted by Siddall et al is much lower .
That is not surprising , since their parameters were fitted to the slow changes of the big ice sheets ( time scale τ =2900 years ) and do n’t “ see ” the early response caused by thermal expansion and mountain glaciers , which makes up most of the 20th Century sea level rise .
What is surprising , though , is that Siddall et al. in their paper claim that their parameter values reproduce 20th Century sea level rise .
This appears to be a calculation error ( 4 ) ; this will be resolved in the peer - reviewed literature .
Our values in the above table are computed correctly ( in our understanding ) using the same parameters as used by the authors in generating their Fig.3 .
Their model with the parameters fitted to glacial - interglacial data thus underestimates 20th Century sea level rise by a factor of two .
Future projections
It thus looks like R07 and Grinsted et al. both reproduce 20th Century sea level rise and both get similar projections for the 21st Century .
Siddall et al. get much lower projections but also strongly under -estimate 20th Century sea level rise .
We suspect this will hold more generally : it would seem hard to reproduce the 20th Century evolution ( including acceleration ) but then get very different results for the 21st Century , with the basic semi-empirical approach common to these three papers .
In fact , the lower part of their 7 - 82 cm range appears to be rather implausible .
At the current rate , 7 cm of sea level rise since 2000 will be reached already in 2020 ( see graph ) .
And Eq. 1 guarantees one thing for any positive value of a : if the 21st Century is warmer than the 20th , then sea level must rise faster .
In fact the ratio of new sea level rise in the 21st Century to new sea level rise in the 20th Century according to Eq. 2 is not dependent on a or b and is simply equal to the ratio of the century - mean temperatures , T 21 /T 20 ( both measured again relative to the 1900 baseline ) .
For the “ coldest ” IPCC - scenario ( 1.1 ºC warming for 2000 - 2100 ) this ratio is 1.3 ºC / 0.25 ºC = 5.2 .
Thus even in the most optimistic IPCC case , the linear semi-empirical approach predicts about five times the “ new ” sea level rise found for the 20th Century , regardless of parameter uncertainty .
In our view , when presenting numbers to the public scientists need to be equally cautious about erring on the low as they are on the high side .
For society , after all , under - estimating global warming is likely the greater danger .
Does the world have to be linear ?
How do we know that the relationship between temperature rise and sea level rate is linear , also for the several degrees to be expected , when the 20th century has only given us a foretaste of 0.7 degrees ?
The short answer is : we do n’t .
A slightly longer answer is this .
First we need to distinguish two things : linearity in temperature ( at a given point in time , and all else being equal ) , and linearity as the system evolves over time .
The two are conflated in the real world , because temperature is increasing over time .
Linearity in temperature is a very reasonable assumption often used by glaciologists .
It is based on a heat flow argument : the global temperature anomaly represents a heat flow imbalance .
Some of the excess heat will go into slowly warming the deep ocean , some will be used to melt land ice , a tiny little bit will hang around in the atmosphere to be picked up by the surface station network .
If the anomaly is 2 ºC , the heat flow imbalance should be double that caused by a 1 ºC anomaly .
That idea is supported by the fact that the warming pattern basically stays the same : a 4 ºC global warming scenario basically has the same spatial pattern as a 2 ºC global warming scenario , only the numbers are twice as big ( cf. Figure SMP6 of the IPCC report ) .
It ’s the same for the heating requirement of your house : if the temperature difference to the outside is twice as big , it will lose twice the amount of heat and you need twice the heating power to keep it warm .
It ’s this “ linearity in temperature ” assumption that the Siddall et al. approach rejects .
Linearity over time is quite a different matter .
There are many reasons why this cannot hold indefinitely , even though it seems to work well for the past 120 years at least .
R07 already discusses this and mentions that glaciers will simply run out of ice after some time .
Grinsted et al. took this into account by a finite time scale .
We agree with this approach – we merely have some reservations about whether it can be done with a single time scale , and whether the data they used really allow to constrain this time scale .
And there are arguments ( e.g. by Jim Hansen ) that over time the ice loss may be faster than the linear approach suggests , once the ice gets wet and soft and starts sliding .
So ultimately we do not know how much longer the system will behave in an approximately linear fashion , and we do not know yet whether the real sea level rise will then be slower or faster than suggested by the linear approach of Eq. 1 .
Getting soft ?
Meltwater lake and streams on the Greenland Ice Sheet near 68 ºN at 1000 meters altitude .
Photo by Ian Joughin .
Can paleoclimatic data help us ?
Is there hope that , with a modified method , we may successfully constrain sea level rise in the 21st Century from paleoclimatic data ?
Let us spell out what the question is :
How will sea level in the present climate state respond on a century time scale to a rapid global warming ?
We highlight three aspects here .
Present climate state .
It is likely that a different climate state ( e.g. the glacial with its huge northern ice sheets ) has a very different sea level sensitivity than the present .
Siddall et al. tried to account for that with their equilibrium sea level curve – but we think the final equilibrium state does not contain the required information about the initial transient sensitivity .
Century time scale .
Sea level responds on various time scales – years for the ocean mixed layer thermal expansion , decades for mountain glaciers , centuries for deep ocean expansion , and millennia for big ice sheets .
Tuning a model to data dominated by a particular time scale – e.g. the multi-century time scale of Grinsted et al .
or the multi-millennia time scale of Siddall et al .
– does not mean the results carry over to a shorter time scale of interest .
Global warming .
We need to know how sea level – oceans , mountain glaciers , big ice sheets all taken together – responds to a globally near - uniform forcing ( like greenhouse gas or solar activity changes ) .
Glacial - interglacial climate changes are forced by big and highly regional and seasonal orbital insolation changes and do not provide this information .
Siddall et al use a local temperature curve from Greenland and assume there is a constant conversion factor to global - mean temperature that applies across the ages and across different mechanisms of climate change .
This problem is not discussed much in the paper ; it is implicit in their non-dimensional temperature , which is normalised by the glacial - holocene temperature difference .
Their best guess for this is 4.2 ºC ( as an aside , our published best guess is 5.8 ºC , well outside the uncertainty range considered by Siddall et al ) .
But is a 20 - degree change in Greenland temperature simply equivalent to a 4.2 - degree global change ?
And how does local temperature translate into a global temperature for Dansgaard - Oeschger events , which are generally assumed to be caused by ocean circulation changes and lead to a temperature seesaw effect between northern and southern hemisphere ?
What if we used their amplitude to normalise temperature – given their imprint on global mean temperature is approximately zero ?
Overall , we find these problems extremely daunting .
For a good constraint for the 21st Century , one would need sufficiently accurate paleoclimatic data that reflect a sea level rise ( a drop would not do – ice melts much faster than it grows ) on a century time scale in response to a global forcing , preferably from a climate state similar to ours – notably with a similar distribution of ice on the planet .
If anyone is aware of suitable data , we ’d be most interested to hear about them !
Update ( 8 Sept ) :
We have now received the computer code of Siddall et al ( thanks to Mark for sending it ) .
It confirms our analysis above .
The code effectively assumes that the warming over each century applies for the whole century .
I.e. , the time step for the 20th Century assumes the whole century was 0.74 ºC warmer than 1900 , rather than just an average of 0.25 ºC warmer as discussed above .
When this is corrected , the 20th Century rise reduces from 15 cm to 8 cm in the model ( consistent with our linear estimate given above ) .
The 21st Century projections ranging from 32 - 48 cm in their Table 1 ( best estimates ) reduce to 24 - 32 cm .
Martin Vermeer is a geodesist at the Helsinki University of Technology in Finland .
Footnotes
(1) Siddall et al. use two steps .
First they determine an equilibrium sea level for each temperature ( their Eq 1 , and shown in their Fig. 1 ) .
Second , they assume an exponential approach of sea level to this equilibrium value in their Eq. 2 , which ( slightly simplified , for the case of rising sea level ) reads :
dS/dt = ( S e ( T ) – S ( t ) ) / τ.
Here S is the current sea level ( a function of time t ) , S e the equilibrium sea level ( a function of temperature T ) , and τ the time scale over which this equilibrium is approached ( which they find to be 2900 years ) .
Now imagine the temperature rises .
Then S e ( T ) increases , causing a rise in sea level dS / dt .
If you only look at short time scales like 100 years ( a tiny fraction of those 2900 years response time ) , S(t ) can be considered constant , so the equation simplifies to
dS/dt = S e ( T ) / τ + constant .
Now S e ( T ) is a non-linear function , but for small temperature changes ( like 1 ºC ) this can be approximated well by a linear dependence S e ( T ) = s * T + constant .
Which gives us
dS/dt = s/τ * T + constant , i.e. Eq ( 1 ) in the main post above .
R07 on the other hand used :
dS/dt = a * ( T – T0 ) , which is also Eq. ( 1 ) above .
Note that a = s/τ and b = –a *T0 in our notation .
(2) Here is a very basic matlab / octave script that computes a sea level curve from a given temperature curve according to Eq. 2 above .
The full matlab script used in R07 , including the data files , is available as supporting online material from Science
% Semi-empirical sea level model - very basic version
T1900 =mean( tempg( 11:30 ) ) ; T=tempg - T1900 ;
a=0.34 ; % sea level sensitivity parameter [ cm / degree / year ]
b=0.077 ; % note this value depends on a and on the temperature
% baseline , here the mean 1890 - 1909
% rate of rise - here you need to put in an annual temperature time series T
% with same baseline as chosen for fitting b!
dSdt = a *T + b ;
% integrate this to get sea level over the period covered by the temperature series
S = cumsum( dSdt ) ; plot ( S ) ;
(3) Here is a matlab / octave script to compute the equilibrium sea level curve of Siddall et al .
Note the parameters differ in some cases from those given in the paper – we obtained the correct ones from Mark Siddall .
% Siddall et al equilibrium sea level curve , their Fig. 1 , NGRIP scenario
A = 15.436083479092469 ;
b = 0.012630000000000 ;
c = 0.760400212014386 ;
d = -73.952809369848552 ;
Tdash= [ - 1.5:.05:2 ] ;
% Equilibrium sea level curve
Se=A*asinh ( ( Tdash+c ) /b ) + d ;
% Tangent at current temperature
dSe=A / sqrt( 1+( ( 0+c ) / b ) ^2 ) / b;
Se0= A*asinh ( ( 0+c ) /b ) + d ;
Te=dSe*Tdash + Se0 ;
plot ( Tdash , Se , 'b ' , Tdash , Te , 'c ' , Tdash , 0.0 * Se , 'k ' , [ 0 0 ] , [ - 150 40 ] , 'k ' )
xlabel ( ' Dimensionless temperature ' )
ylabel ( ' Equilibrium sea level ( m ) ' )
fprintf ( 1 , ' Slope : %f m/K , Sensitivity : %f cm /K/ year , zero offset : %f m
' , dSe/4.2 , 100*dSe/4.2/2900 , Se0 ) ;
(4) We did not yet receive the code at the time of writing , but based on correspondence with the authors conclude that for their values in Fig. 3 and table 1 , Siddall et al. integrated sea level with 100 - year time steps with a highly inaccurate numerical method , thus greatly overestimating the a -term .
In their supporting online information they show a different calculation for the 20th Century with annual time steps ( their Fig. 5SI ) .
This is numerically correct , giving an a -term of about 4 cm , but uses a different value of b close to 0.12 cm / year to obtain the correct total 20th Century rise .
References
Church , J. A. & White , N. J. A 20th century acceleration in global sea - level rise .
Geophysical Research Letters 33 , L01602 ( 2006 ) .
Grinsted , A. , Moore , J. C. & Jevrejeva , S. Reconstructing sea level from paleo and projected temperatures 200 to 2100 ad.
Climate Dynamics ( 2009 ) .
Jevrejeva , S. , Grinsted , A. , Moore , J. C. & Holgate , S. Nonlinear trends and multiyear cycles in sea level records .
Journal of Geophysical Research 111 ( 2006 ) .
Moberg , A. , Sonechkin , D. M. , Holmgren , K. , Datsenko , N. M. & Karlen , W. Highly variably Northern Hemisphere temperatures reconstructed from low - and high - resolution proxy data .
Nature 433 , 613-617 ( 2005 ) .
Rahmstorf , S. A semi-empirical approach to projecting future sea - level rise .
Science 315 , 368-370 ( 2007 ) .
Rahmstorf , S. Response to comments on “ A semi-empirical approach to projecting future sea- level rise ” .
Science 317 ( 2007 ) .
Siddall , M. , Stocker , T. F. & Clark , P. U. Constraints on future sea - level rise from past sea - level change .
Nature Geoscience ( advance online publication , 26 July 2009 ) .
MIAMI BEACH 
Under the cloak of nightfall , dozens of freshly hatched sea turtles beat tiny flippers against the wet sands of Miami Beach , inching their way toward the ocean and a life aquatic .
It is the first of many challenges these turtles will face in a lifetime that can exceed that of the average human .
Those female sea turtles that make it to maturity return every summer and fall to lay eggs of their own , in dozens of nests that each typically contain more than 50 eggs .
But the sea turtles ’ way of life here is under increasing threat because they must share their breeding ground with throngs of beachgoers .
The World Health Organization puts the suicide rate in France at 26.4 per 100,000 for men and 9.2 for women in 2005 .
That is the highest among large Western economies , but still well behind Japan , Belgium and several Central and East European countries .
In the United States , the comparable rates are 17.7 for men and 4.5 for women .
What has caught the attention of the French media , public and government is that many of the suicides and more than a dozen failed attempts have been attributed to work - related problems by some experts and labor officials .
Adding to the furor is what Marie - France Hirigoyen , a psychiatrist who did pioneering work in France on bullying and workplace relations , described as the “ spectacular ” nature of some :
In one case a man stabbed himself in the stomach in the middle of a meeting ( he lived ) ; in another , a woman killed herself by leaping from a fifth - floor office window .
On Monday , a 51 - year - old employee who worked in southeast France threw himself off a highway bridge .
The popular image outside France is of a work force that is pampered and protected from the damaging side effects of globalization by tight job security and the 35 - hour work week .
But the reality is often very different , according to experts , union representatives and the workers themselves .
“ Stress has become a national sport , ” said Michel Marchet , the secretary of the banking chapter of the C.G.T. , a leading union in France .
“ We need employers to modify the way that they organize work , but we do n’t have the impression that anything will happen soon . ”
High labor costs — health insurance , unemployment , pensions — borne by employers in France create a reluctance to hire new workers , because job security means it is hard to get rid of them later if business turns down .
Since those already on the payroll cannot be easily laid off , then companies must somehow make a place for them , even if their skills are no longer in demand .
At the same time , companies increasingly rely on short - term employment contracts , which raise different strains on employees .
The seemingly comfortable French lifestyle has been made possible by the high productivity of the country ’s workers .
France ranks fifth in the world in terms of gross domestic product per hour worked , just behind the United States , according to a July report from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics .
( Norway , with its oil wealth and tiny population , ranked No.1 , followed by Belgium and the Netherlands . )
Yet even before the global economic downturn , Dr. Hirigoyen argued that job - related anxiety among the French has replaced most other concerns .
“ When I started as a psychiatrist , 35 years ago , my patients were talking about their personal lives , ” she said .
“ Now it ’s all about their jobs .
People are suffering in the workplace .
They should n’t be , from the logic of management .
After all , they have a good job , a nice vacation .
But they are suffering . ”
In 2006 and 2007 , three technicians working at the automaker Renault ’s research and development facility near Paris , committed suicide , according to Benoît Coquille , a company spokesman .
At the time , union leaders cited pressures on the job .
In response , Carlos Ghosn , the Renault chief executive , went to the facility to talk with workers and managers .
Detailed questionnaires were sent to more than 11,000 employees and face - to - face meetings were held to discuss working conditions .
Mr. Coquille said the company decided to go back and explain again basic management rules throughout the chain of command to make sure they were understood .
It is impossible to say that there have been no more work - related suicides , Mr. Coquille said , but since then , “ there have n’t been any with an obvious connection to the job . ”
France Télécom has now hired Technologia , the same consulting firm that helped to guide Renault ’s response , to assess its own situation .
Now that Street Fighter IV is on PC , the PC community can get cracking on what they 're best at : silly hacks .
Like these ones , which switch up the player 's moves , leaving us with a creep , stretchy Dan and a.. special Sakura .
Here 's A Reason To Play Street Fighter IV On PC [ Giant Bomb ]
Well , sometimes even the most authoritative analyses get things wrong .
And if dissenting opinion - makers and politicians based their dissent on hard work and hard thinking  if they had carefully studied the issue , consulted with experts and concluded that the overwhelming scientific consensus was misguided  they could at least claim to be acting responsibly .
But if you watched the debate on Friday , you did n’t see people who ’ve thought hard about a crucial issue , and are trying to do the right thing .
What you saw , instead , were people who show no sign of being interested in the truth .
They do n’t like the political and policy implications of climate change , so they ’ve decided not to believe in it  and they ’ll grab any argument , no matter how disreputable , that feeds their denial .
Indeed , if there was a defining moment in Friday ’s debate , it was the declaration by Representative Paul Broun of Georgia that climate change is nothing but a “ hoax ” that has been “ perpetrated out of the scientific community . ”
I ’d call this a crazy conspiracy theory , but doing so would actually be unfair to crazy conspiracy theorists .
After all , to believe that global warming is a hoax you have to believe in a vast cabal consisting of thousands of scientists  a cabal so powerful that it has managed to create false records on everything from global temperatures to Arctic sea ice .
Yet Mr. Broun ’s declaration was met with applause .
Given this contempt for hard science , I ’m almost reluctant to mention the deniers ’ dishonesty on matters economic .
But in addition to rejecting climate science , the opponents of the climate bill made a point of misrepresenting the results of studies of the bill ’s economic impact , which all suggest that the cost will be relatively low .
Still , is it fair to call climate denial a form of treason ?
Is n’t it politics as usual ?
Yes , it is  and that ’s why it ’s unforgivable .
Do you remember the days when Bush administration officials claimed that terrorism posed an “ existential threat ” to America , a threat in whose face normal rules no longer applied ?
That was hyperbole  but the existential threat from climate change is all too real .
Yet the deniers are choosing , willfully , to ignore that threat , placing future generations of Americans in grave danger , simply because it ’s in their political interest to pretend that there ’s nothing to worry about .
If that ’s not betrayal , I do n’t know what is .
Fortune Small Business Entrepreneurial Superstars
ISSAQUAH , Wash .
( Fortune Small Business ) -- Jim Sinegal was a former Price Club executive .
Jeffrey Brotman was a lawyer who had returned from a trip to Paris with a vision of importing a retail concept the French embraced .
In 1983 they opened the first Costco , in Seattle .
Today the company operates more than 550 warehouses worldwide , employs 140,000 workers and generates $ 70 billion in annual sales .
Fortune Small Business met with Sinegal , 73 , and Brotman , 66 , at Costco headquarters in Issaquah , Wash .
to learn about the company 's early days .
Their stories are combined here .
Where did you get the idea for Costco ( COST , Fortune 500 ) ?
BROTMAN : At the time , most U.S. grocery chains sold overpriced goods .
I had visited Europe and seen what the French called " hypermarkets , " a combination of discount supermarket and department store .
I thought the concept would work well in the U.S. , so I called around to retail contacts and asked them to list executives who could run such a business .
Jim was on most lists .
I cold - called him one day and flew to California to meet him .
SINEGAL : We planned to clone Price Club and launch in the Northwest because it was one of the least competitive U.S. markets .
Later we merged with Price Club , became Price Costco for about a year , and eventually restored the Costco name .
How did you finance the business ?
BROTMAN : Initially with our own funds and credit cards .
We were both all - in .
If we failed , we'd be broke .
In 1983 Jim and I went to a hardware show in Las Vegas .
By then we had hired buyers , who were using our credit cards to check in .
But the bank had canceled the cards , so they were denied entrance .
They had worked with us for only a month and were probably wondering whether we 'd make it .
I thought we'd lose half of them , but they stayed .
SINEGAL : We eventually raised enough money to open three warehouses that year .
BROTMAN : Most of the money was our own and from friends and acquaintances .
We raised what we thought was all we 'd ever need : $ 7.5 million .
SINEGAL : We received checks totaling $ 11 million .
Because the offering documents had been drafted to reflect a $ 7.5 million shareholder investment , we had to either start over with new documents or return $ 3.5 million .
We chose the latter , but used investment bankers to help us raise money after that .
BROTMAN : Even once we had money , Jim and I drew a relatively modest salary -- $ 75,000 per year -- for a long time .
[ In 2008 each drew a salary of $ 350,000 plus an $ 80,000 bonus .
Each also received stock and option awards in excess of $ 4 million . ]
In the early days , 70 % of your customers were business owners , as opposed to 55 % today .
What did you offer those entrepreneurs that they could n't get elsewhere ?
SINEGAL : Back then a small business might have to go to five or six places to get what it needed -- office supplies , food , electronics , for example .
Our model provided for most of those needs in one stop .
What was that first year like ?
SINEGAL : The crowds were n't overwhelming at first , but business built up .
In Seattle , the first few weeks we were open , sales grew at a weekly rate of 25 % .
Within 10 weeks we hit $ 1.4 million in weekly sales .
After opening that first warehouse in Seattle , in September 1983 , we opened in Portland , Ore. and Spokane later that year .
BROTMAN : We worked almost constantly .
Fortunately our wives worked with us , so we were n't totally separated from family .
But we did n't see our kids .
Jim and I were probably on the road almost every day for 10 years .
It was a tough grind .
How did you get manufacturers to distribute through Costco ?
BROTMAN : Many would n't sell to us , period .
But fairly early on we demonstrated our ability to be the best merchant out there -- better than the Wal - Marts ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) and Sam's Clubs of the world .
We convinced manufacturers one by one .
When Jim met with Sony ( SNE ) about five years ago , the Sony executives said they would never sell to us .
Today we 're one of the largest retailers of Sony products .
As we grew and became such a large distribution channel , it got harder for key vendors to ignore us .
And in tough times like today , most manufacturers are happy to have customers like us -- who pay their bills .
What were your early growth projections ?
SINEGAL : The original business plan called for eventual growth to about 12 Costcos , primarily in the Northwest , and maybe $ 80 million in sales per store .
We thought we'd become a $ 1 billion company and make a nice return for our shareholders .
We hit the $ 1 billion mark in our third year of operation .
BROTMAN : To a certain extent , scale was forced upon us by outside events .
When Wal - Mart announced it was going into the discount warehouse business , we had to compete and grow quickly .
SINEGAL : We were fortunate in that the first three units we opened succeeded , we were able to get the products we wanted to sell , and we had funding .
We started our business back when venture capital was available .
How is the recession affecting business ?
SINEGAL : U.S. sales are flat , which is better than what most retailers can say , and international sales are down 9 % when converted to U.S. dollars .
Our attitude has always been that the best companies thrive and build market share during tough times .
If they offer a great product and great value , they become even more important to the consumer .
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
Quotations by Author
H. L. Mencken ( 1880 - 1956 )
US editor [ more author details ]
Showing quotations 1 to 20 of 65 total Next Page ->
Showing quotations 1 to 20 of 65 total Next Page ->
Browse our complete list of 3444 authors by last name :
Populist Says Healthcare Debate A Ruse to Cover Corporate Welfare FORGET ABOUT EVERYTHING YOU HAVE READ on so - called healthcare reform , says Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) .
The purported uproar over private versus public health insurance options is really a ruse to cover up a proposal for taxpayer - funded subsidies that will be paid to the billion - dollar private insurance industry .
Under new “ compromise ” language inserted into the 1,000 - page health care bill , titled the “ America ’s Affordable Health Choices Act of 2009 ” ( H.R. 3200 ) , Americans will be forced to choose which for profit
health insurance company they want to take .
If you ca n’t afford any of the private health insurance plans , the government will pick one for you and then front you the money .
But the catch is : you will still be obligated to pay all of the premiums , the co-pays and the high deductibles .
“ The hotly debated H.R. 3200 , the so called ‘ healthcare reform ’ bill , is nothing less than corporate welfare in the guise of social welfare and reform , ” said Kucinich .
The public option will be gone , he said , leaving only government aid to private insurance companies .
Worse still , the federal government will force taxpayers to pay for it all without pressing for cost controls and no guarantees of coverage from any of the participating private insurers .
“ If the matter were not so serious , it would be farcical , ” he said .
“ The executive branch pretends that the proposed healthcare reforms are something they are not .
The legislation is being attacked for something it is not .
Congressional leadership and the White House defend the legislation , pretending it actually is the very proposal that is being attacked .
But it is not . ”
Subscribe to American Free Press .
Online subscriptions :
One year of weekly editions — $ 15 plus you get a BONUS ELECTRONIC BOOK - HIGH PRIESTS OF WAR - By Michael Piper .
Print subscriptions : 52 issues crammed into 47 weeks of the year plus six free issues of Whole Body Health : $ 59 Order on this website or call toll free 1-888-699-NEWS .
Sign up for our free e-newsletter here - get a free gift just for signing up !
( Issue # 37 , September 14 , 2009 )
After porting the director 's cut of Broken Sword : Shadow of the Templars to the Nintendo DS and Wii , developer Revolution Software is now remaking another one of its classic titles : the dystopic adventure Beneath a Steel Sky .
Revolution has recently set up a brand new division devoted solely to digital distribution , which will focus on bringing games to the iPhone / iPod Touch , Android , PSP GO , and DSiWare .
The first project is the remastered version of BaSS , which will initially be hitting the iPhone , but is expected to come to other portable platforms after that .
“ The adventure genre is undergoing a renaissance , and we ’re thrilled to be bringing a revamped and remastered version of this classic adventure to a whole new audience , ” Revolution founder Charles Cecil said .
“ Beneath A Steel Sky - Remastered is just the start of what we want to do .
We ’ll be announcing more Revolution Pocket titles soon — some of which people will recognize , others which will be wholly original . "
The game will feature brand new animated sequences drawn by famed comic book artist Dave Gibbons — who worked on the original game in 1994 and is probably best known as the artist behind Watchmen .
Pricing details have yet to be set , but the game is expected to be released this fall .
It 's great to see developers finally getting on board with releasing classic adventure games , and if you 've yet to play BaSS , the original game is currently available as freeware .
PSP to get 100MB Minis games
New initiative designed to attract developers who have never worked on format before
Matt Martin Tuesday 18th August 2009
Share this article Share
Companies in this article Sony Computer Entertainment
Sony has unveiled a new initiative for PlayStation Portable games to attract new talent to the system .
PSP Minis will be small digital games for the handheld and be limited to 100 MB in size , and retail for a lower price than normal titles .
" Minis allow many developers who have never developed for PSP before to do so for the first time .
They offer smaller , downloadable games at low prices , " confirmed Andrew House , European president on Sony , at Gamescom today .
15 Minis games will launch on the PlayStation Network on October 1 , with 50 titles promised before the end of the year .
As well as publishers such as Electronic Arts , studios including Gamehasta in India and Halfbrick in Australia are also developing titles .
In a world without miracles , death is a miracle .
A bad one .
It makes no sense at all .
This creature , your relative —
Hell , your dog — was a constellation , a huge Venn diagram of metonymies , with a middle name and opinions and allergies and anecdotes .
Does n’t much matter if they were bad anecdotes , annoying opinions , a stupid middle name ; there was the same density of little fiber - optic cables spreading out from them that mattered .
And now they ’re a lump .
Because one of the first things you know , when the great taboo on seeing corpses suddenly stops , is that dead is dead , gone .
That ’s the miracle , the one miracle this universe offers .
One little glitch and this galaxy is meat .
Bad meat , too .
It will start to stink soon .
Actual maggots , not like in the rhyme .
Various oozes .
It ’s unthinkable .
Which is where ghosts and gods and happy hunting grounds all come from .
Not superstition , just popular physics , a natural idea of momentum .
Because this , the one miracle we actually witness , is the one we want not to believe .
Funny , if not exactly ha- ha .
It ca n’t be ; all that humming narrative momentum , all those Moby - Dick rusty harpoons dragging through the water as the creature drives on — they just are n’t there any more ?
You would n’t believe it about a rock , a runaway train , a flash flood .
They do n’t just stop in mid-lunge ; it ’s not even plausible .
It ’s not what Newton promised , god damn it .
If we have to put up with Newtonian physics in all the dull high - school ways , moving your friend ’s furniture up the stairs , why is it suspended here , the one place where it might help out ?
A body in motion ca n’t just become a lump in a chair .
With flies .
But it does .
The little cults , the last true human believers , make sure of that in little basement experiments now and then .
Our messiah from Nowheresville Idaho will not die !
Leave him in that chair for a week or so while we pray him back !
But no , the Rev. Daryl begins to stink , becomes a home for many of our least - favorite species , and by the time the sheriff drags the last few of the faithful out of his Panhandle cabin in cuffs , they ’re glad to go , asking the deputies if they can borrow one of those gas masks .
And Newton loses again , the whole notion that a human mind , soul , life is a thing that ought at least to have as much momentum as , say , a marble , loses again , every single time .
Every single time .
That too is miraculous .
What else happens every single time , without a hitch ?
Nothing but this , that I can think of .
The smells , the flies , the whole horrible black miracle .
It ’s as if somebody were trying to tell us something .
Nothing else works that well .
Birth ?
For most of human history it was one of the worst bets around .
And even if the child was launched successfully , there were a million ways it could die .
That ’s why they did n’t name the kid until it was older , likely to “ stay ” a while .
A million ways to fool the demons , cut its hair in ways hard for their claws to clutch — none of which ever worked .
Marriage , business , farming , war — nothing works .
Only death , our one and only absolutely reliable anti-Newtonian miracle .
All you can do is get Exhibit A , that lump , offstage as quickly as possible and make something up so that momentum and mass , heft , value , some wretched consolation , is restored to its life in a few crania .
So : “ The lump ’s ghost flew out through its nostrils , and now it ’s …uh … hunting in the forests of the night . ” “ … selling bonds on the heavenly exchange . ” “ … patting out chapattis for eternity in some hot little village in the sky . ”
Or whatever .
But those are for the womenfolk ; the more traditional male response was to embrace the miracle , become its priest .
You see this man who laughed at me yesterday in council ?
I can make him into a lump of fly food .
Instantly .
One little flick .
They must have learned quickly : flick that obsidian – flake on a stick at his arm or leg and he may not even be transformed , but flick it into his head or the middle of his chest and the miracle reliably occurs .
One little stone chip in the head and your formerly witty , popular antagonist is meat , bad meat .
The kings tried all kinds of other ways to make good miracles ; and in their definition , of course , “ good ” meant “ the king gets to live forever . ”
It was like those five stages of grief , performed upon the bodies of slaves and POWs .
“ How about if I kill five slaves and ten horses ?
Will that delay my little miracle a few years longer ? ”
Being good proto-Newtonian physicists , they tinkered with the numbers : “ Damn , those five did n’t satisfy you ?
How about ten slaves ?
Fifty ? ”
It was like the bargaining Herodotus records between the pygmies and North African salt miners : no contact between the two sides .
The salt miners would leave tombstone - shaped bricks of salt by the banks of the Niger , retreat one day ’s march , and wait .
The pygmies would leave little piles of gold dust by the salt blocks and retreat in the opposite direction .
If the salt miners were satisfied , they ’d take the gold .
The pygmies would return and take the salt .
If they needed more gold , they ’d leave the pile , and the pygmies would add more and more until it was taken .
Then they ’d cart off their salt blocks .
Nobody ever saw the other .
But whoever controlled the great miracle just was n’t buying .
It was like trying to trade salt with the hippos or crocodiles ; they just did n’t get it .
Whether you killed a hundred slaves or a thousand , you , O King , O Emir , O Shah , Son of Heaven , Whatever You Call Yourself , were going to be turned into a miracle yourself .
So they tinkered more .
What if I kill these slaves in the most terrible way imaginable ?
And those God-Kings could imagine a lot .
Sade has lists , they go on for 30 pages , I had to look some of those verbs up .
Perhaps there were even kings who tried benevolence , though you do n’t hear much about them .
Not surprisingly , whatever lone deity controlled the lone miracle was most definitely not impressed with that .
So the male response , the attempt to claim and control the miracle , failed too , was reduced to the same wretched stories : I have killed X number of Y tribe and when I die , they ’ll have to serve me in the afterlife .
The key phrase , the one that made the other murderous thugs around the campfire smirk under their grease , was of course “ … and when I die … . ”
Once you ’ve said that , the rest is fairy tales .
By far the best response to an actual , reliable , ubiquitous miracle like death turns out to be not thinking about it .
And that remains the option overwhelmingly preferred .
In between , there was a blurry phase of watered - down kingly fantasies , democratized versions , an afterlife like a bus station where they let anybody in if they can show a ticket , but for some reason that phase , the so - called Great Religions , is now much harder to imagine than the God - Kings ’ tombs full of decaying bargaining chips .
Did anyone , ever , actually believe in the Christian or Muslim heavens ?
I frankly do n’t believe it .
The Hells , well yeah , of course .
But the heavens ?
My parents were almost appallingly rigorous and devout Catholics , but they died without a shred of comfort from the Church to which they gave everything , let alone its “ God . ”
We could n’t even get a priest to come to the house .
That was the painful part , though : the nonexistence of the Church when they needed it .
But that was a mere historical accident , bad luck , the collapse of Catholicism in the US at the end of the 20th century .
The other absence , of any notion whatsoever of going to a better place , one of those bus station heavens — that was just an unspoken premise in our house .
You could believe in the Church because it was there , it existed .
And served a purpose : for the slave class of the British Empire , it was a counter - hierarchy , a way of reinventing oneself as something more than despised vermin infesting the lawn .
And they maintained that belief as long as they needed it , until convinced that America , for all its alarming Anglo echoes , was n’t going to do that to them again .
Then they very sensibly dropped it and dove into the money pit .
Sane behavior .
But the God part ?
As far as I know , no one of us was pitiful enough to believe in that .
So they died in terror .
Not a hint of consolation , that I ever saw .
Fear tempered with the hope of oblivion .
That ’s my hope too : oblivion , absolute .
It ’s a difficult discipline , summoning that oblivion , though the old tricks help ( eg How did you feel the year Charlemagne was crowned ?
That ’s how you ’ll feel when you ’re dead . ) .
I even thought about trying that bit of spiritual discipline on somebody I know who ’s dying now .
But you have to watch your mouth around the dying .
It ’s not a good time to let your tongue go traipsing among the daisies as it is all too wont to do .
“ Do n’t worry !
Hey , here ’s a question for ya : how did you feel when Pizarro conquered the Inca ?
Moribund quaver from the soon - to - be - lump asking a question .
“ Oh , when , exactly ?
I think …actually I do n’t quite remember , something like 1520 ?
Anyway I mean before you were born , it could be any year … heh heh… . ”
Oh yes , that would go over great .
Naturally we have DVDs on offer to squirt some consoling lies into this process , any number of dying - relative poems and novels and movies .
No worse than what the Inca or any other huddle of terrified miracle - denying cultists offered their fellow chickens .
Nobody here but us chickens , when the miracle arrives .
That ’s what I ca n’t get over : this is what a miracle feels like .
Like you would do anything to make it go away .
And that ’s one way we ’re at least a little luckier than most of the other tribal huddles : we have medications to make it go away .
One of the most reasonable statements about death I ever heard was from a corporate lawyer who said simply , “ I plan to be heavily medicated . ”
But most of the deaths I ’ve had to watch were not heavily medicated .
In Reagan ’s day it was much , much safer for your caring family doctor to let you spend your last days screaming in pain and terror than to risk the wrath of the DEA by handing out morphine .
They ’re not as cruel these days , but the patient has to agree , and these filthy taboos have a long life in the heads of their victims .
I recall one death … terrified , eyes glued open , would n’t even take a sedative .
A moral issue .
The only medications she ’d accept were the ones which demonstrated contemporary medicine ’s proud ability to prolong the terminal dive , like a doomed pilot being towed around in circles a while , to let him think about it before he hits the dirt .
In one case I recall , two years to think about it .
Terrified every second .
That ’s why you have to revere Schopenhauer , despite about a thousand irksome pedantries and crotchets I can name off the top of my head : because he alone , or at least “ alone ” as far as I know , refused to say that this adds up .
The rest of Western Philosophy resembles nothing so much as Enron ’s accountants swearing on a stack of ledgers that it all made sense if you were an expert .
The laity turned out to be correct , however , and the ledgers nothing but consoling lies .
It does not add up .
All you can say is that : no .
No , these books do not balance .
Not even in Newtonian terms .
The only terms in which they make sense are Darwin’s , and no one wants to go there .
There are no protagonists in Darwin , and everybody wants to be a protagonist .
It ’s not hard to see why Newton is always depicted as an angel in human form , his bleached locks illumining his bony face with their own light , while Darwin is sketched as a all cheeks , jaw and eyebrows , flesh melting into shrub .
But for some reason you ’re not supposed to say no ; you ’re not supposed to repeat that it does not add up .
That ’s one of those “ obvious ” things that have “ already been done . ”
And the rule for these is simple : if you ’re saying something nice , be our guest , it ca n’t be said too often and somehow it ’s fresh every single time .
But when the word “ obvious ” is uttered , you can be positive you ’ve said something which is not wanted at the present time .
Which does suggest , if you ’ve been around this cheap sideshow any length of time at all , that the word you need is , duh !
“ no . ” Schopenhauer ’s no .
Lucy van Pelt ’s no .
Well , I ca n’t help it with the Lucy referent .
Like Joe Chip attempting to contact souls committed to the chill of half - life , you have to use the materials to hand in their delusion .
And the material at hand when I was a kid was , God help me , Charlie Brown .
Through no fault of my own , damn it .
But actually , and I blush to say it , actually , some of those cartoons — which is to say , this one I ’ve been thinking of since I heard the news about [ name deleted ] .
I ’ve always loved this one Peanuts though I was never entirely sure why until now .
It ’s three panels , one of the little black - and - white dailies , not the self - indulgent Sunday multi-panels .
In the first panel Charlie Brown , that untiring Protestant missionary , stands before Lucy intoning , “ It is better to light a single candle than to curse the darkness . ”
Second panel : Charlie has moved on and Lucy is standing alone , her beady eyes fixed , thinking it over .
In the final panel , my panel , THE panel , we see Lucy standing on the back step , her mouth wide open in a roar , shouting up at the suburban stars , “ Curse you , darkness ! ”
I ’m with Lucy .
Facebook was not completely taken offline by the attack Micro - blogging service Twitter and social networking site Facebook have been severely disrupted by hackers .
Twitter was taken offline for more than two hours whilst Facebook 's service was " degraded " , according to the firms .
The popular sites were subject to so - called denial - of - service attacks on Thursday , the companies believe .
Denial - of - service ( DOS ) attacks take various forms but often involve a company 's servers being flooded with data in an effort to disable them .
" Attacks such as this are malicious efforts orchestrated to disrupt and make unavailable services such as online banks , credit card payment gateways , and in this case , Twitter for intended customers or users , " said Twitter co-founder Biz Stone on the company 's blog .
The service was restored shortly after the blog post , but the companies have had to continue to fend off the attack .
Facebook said its service was reduced but not taken offline .
" No user data was at risk and we have restored full access to the site for most users , " spokeswoman Brandee Barker told the AFP news agency .
" We 're continuing to monitor the situation to ensure that users have the fast and reliable experience they 've come to expect from Facebook . "
Poster Child Both sites have previously been targeted by hackers .
For example , in January this year Twitter announced that 33 accounts had been hacked , including those belonging to US President Barack Obama and singer Britney Spears .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The latest attacks are what is known as a denial - of - service .
These often use networks of computers - known as botnets - under the control of hackers .
The strategy is often employed by protestors against , for example , government websites , said Roger Thompson , chief research officer at security firm AVG .
" Twitter has become a poster - child for our always - connected , always - on internet culture , " he told BBC News .
" With the eyes of the world 's media all trained on Twitter at the moment , those behind this latest attack may be using it as a means of highlighting the vulnerability of the sites we take for granted .
" There is no profit to be made from DOS and those who do carry out an attack like this will lose their botnet , showing there is no gain to be had . "
Both sites now have millions of users worldwide .
Facebook claims more than 250 m active users whilst a ComScore study suggests that Twitter had around 45 million users worldwide as of June 2009 .
However , as many users interact with the service through mobile phones or third - party software , the actual number of users is likely to be higher .
The sites recently garnered worldwide attention when they were used by Iranians to co-ordinate demonstrations following the election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as president .
Many protestors believed there was electoral fraud and opposition leader Mir Hussein Mousavi should have won .
Twitter chose to delay upgrade work during the protests to allow communication to continue .
In a BBC interview , co-founder Evan Williams denied the move had been a response to a US State Department request .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Throughout the remainder of the night , the VMA crowd at New York 's Radio City Music Hall let West hear it , booing loudly anytime his name was mentioned .
Pink , a performer on the telecast , took to her Twitter , and blasted Kanye -- its R-rated language prevents us from linking to it .
Moments after Swift won the MTV VMA for best female video for " You Belong With Me , " West appeared onstage and interrupted her speech .
Swift was in the midst of talking about the difficulty country artists face in crossing over on MTV when West declared that the award should have gone to Beyoncé for her " Single Ladies ( Put a Ring on It ) . "
Before the MTV Video Music Awards even came to an end , rap star Kanye West had taken to his blog and issued an ALL - CAPS apology to country star Taylor Swift and her mother .
" I spoke to her mother right after and she said the same thing my mother would 've said , " Kanye wrote in his explanation for interrupting Swift 's VMA win .
West apparently did n't stay to see the awards through , and wrote on his blog that he watched the rest of the show " at the crib . "
" I 'm sooooo sorry to Taylor Swift and her fans and her mom , " West wrote .
He also took a moment to praise Swift , and wrote that he likes " the lyrics about being a cheerleader and she 's in the bleachers . "
He continued , " I 'm in the wrong for going on stage and taking away from her moment ! "
He added that Beyoncé 's video remains " the best of the decade , " and he apologized to his fans for letting them down .
West also tried to explain his reasons for interrupting Swift .
He wrote : " Everybody wanna boooo me but I 'm a fan of real pop cuture !!! ... I gave my awards to OutKast when they deserved it over me ... that 's what it is . "
At the 2007 BET Awards , West attempted to give his trophy to OutKast 's Big Boi and rap act UGK for their " International Player 's Anthem . "
Swift eventually did get a chance to give her acceptance speech .
When Beyoncé won video of the year , she gracefully noted that she'd had her share of award - show moments , and called Swift back onstage .
This was n't the first time West has had an award show outburst .
He interrupted the 2006 MTV Europe Music Awards when he lost to Simian and claimed his clip should have won .
In 2005 , West noted that he would " have a problem " if he did n't win the Grammy for album of the year .
He did n't win .
Shortly after posting his apology to Swift , West took a moment to commend tennis star Serena Williams , who also came under criticism this weekend in New York for an outburst at the U.S. Open .
-- Todd Martens
Top photo : Kanye West and Taylor Swift / Associated Press
Middle photo : Screenshot of Kanye West 's apology .
Party im Kanzleramt Ackermann feierte auf Staatskosten
Der Chef der Deutschen Bank , Josef Ackermann , hat seinen 60 .
Geburtstag im Bundeskanzleramt gefeiert .
Bezahlt wurde das exklusive Abendessen nach einem Bericht des ARD - Magazins " Report Mainz " von Steuergeldern - Opposition und SPD schäumen .
At DeShon Laraye Pullen PLC , our Phoenix family law attorneys help clients through the difficult times they face .
We know the impact that family law matters have on individuals and their families .
We build strong relationships with every client and create an individually tailored strategy to help each client achieve his or her goals .
We also educate our clients about the legal process and what they should and should not expect .
We believe each client is best served by being an active participant in their case .
For the first time since the 2005 Palestinian civil society call for boycott , divestment and sanctions ( BDS ) against institutions supporting Israeli apartheid , students from North America and Palestine came together in Ramallah to share their ideas and experiences .
Consisting of eight days of travel and a four - day workshop , the North American student delegation spent their two weeks getting connected with the struggle in Palestine in order to better articulate the BDS movement in their respective cities .
The visiting students met face to face with those who are living and resisting the systematic oppression of Palestinians by the state of Israel .
The travel portion brought the students nearly everywhere giving them a chance to see the distinct realities of what it is to be a Palestinian ; be it in Hebron living next to violent settlers , in Haifa where they live as second class citizens or the Negev where a majority of Palestinian villages are not recognized by the state and therefore do not receive basic services such as running water .
All the while the group respected the boycott as much as possible booking all accommodations and transportation with Palestinian businesses in every city , even those within Israel .
Aside from personal connections , they attended several meetings with Palestinian organizations like Badil - Resource Center for Palestinian Residency and Refugee Rights ( also instrumental in the BDS campaign ) , Baladna ( developmental and capacity building agency for Arab - Palestinian youth in Israel ) and Adalah and Addameer ( two rights - based organizations working mostly in the court system ) , solidifying direct lines of cooperation for future campaigns on and off campus .
They also met with some Israeli activists working from within on promoting the boycott , the right to return , refusal to serve in the military and corporate complicity .
The delegation consisted of representatives from Palestinian - youth community and student organizations from three Palestinian universities and several cities within Israel , which totaled around 25 with their North American counterparts .
The obvious non-represented group of students were those from universities in besieged Gaza to whom we spoke via an all - too - short video conference session in Birzeit University .
Their message was clear in that they felt that the cruel military blockade needed to be dealt with as an urgent matter however that talking about the BDS campaign was a way in which this could be done without efforts being spread too thin on certain specific issues .
The workshops themselves had their positive and negative sides in so far that the challenges faced and achievements gained on Palestinian and North American campuses are quite different .
The discussions resulted less in concrete plans and strategies , but much more in an understanding and future direction between the youth Palestine solidarity movement from the inside and abroad .
Some of the biggest challenges Palestinian student activists faced were the seeming impossibility of running a successful boycott in some areas where the Palestinian economy is totally dominated by Israel ( Birzeit University being the only exception ) and the opposition from the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) , which has considerable influence on campuses , to any Gaza solidarity work due to the political situation .
However unlike in North America students in Palestine do have a large base of support in nonpartisan civil society and the community at large that the visiting students are trying so hard to build in their own countries .
In stark opposition to the coming together that was the delegation , the group as a whole was given a tour of the apartheid wall by the Stop the Wall campaign and was able to see the land confiscations and strategic settlement expansions that accompany it .
Due to the fact that this construction is ongoing , it gave the group a collective sense of what will happen if Israel ’s racist polices of apartheid are not opposed .
The group also met with other Palestinians instrumental in the BDS campaign such as Omar Barghouti .
The delegation was only the first of others that will be sure to follow in the near future now that the foundations are laid .
Doug Smith is a Montreal based student organizer , writer and activist currently working in solidarity with the Palestinian call for BDS on campus as well as in the community .
Related Links
Sept. 9 , 2009  --
It 's the ultimate in recycling .
Take some wood ashes from the fireplace , add a little of your own urine and spread it around your tomato plants .
You may get a blockbuster crop .
Scientists in Finland have found that wood ash and human urine perform just as well as more expensive mineral fertilizers , at least for some crops , while doing less damage to the environment .
The combination is rich in nutrients , nitrogen , phosphorus , potassium , calcium and magnesium .
The researchers raised a healthy crop of tomatoes in a carefully controlled series of laboratory experiments .
Other research has shown that human urine is an effective substitute for synthetic fertilizers , at least for cucumbers , corn , cabbage , wheat and tomatoes .
Ash has also been shown to be useful in agriculture .
But the Fins say they are the first ones to combine urine with wood ash , and plants treated with that substitute performed four times as well as unfertilized plants and left the soil less acidic .
The scientists insist it 's safe and does n't pose " any microbial or chemical risks . "
Finding Could Be Boon to Developing Countries
But what do tomatoes raised on human urine taste like ?
Just like ordinary tomatoes , according to a panel of 20 daring folks who concluded they could n't tell any difference .
The finding could be a boon to third world countries by drastically reducing the cost of fertilizer , and the lead scientist reported via e-mail that people in poor countries may be more likely to build toilets now because they could reuse their urine .
" Our study demonstrated that the construction of a toilet is not an expenditure , but it is an investment to get fertilizer , " Surendra Prahan of the University of Kuopio in Finland said .
The study was published in the current issue of the American Chemical Society 's Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry .
But why human urine ?
Well , because there is so much of it , and it 's easy to collect .
" It is available or formed in every household , even in houses with poor people , " Prahan said .
A similar result could result from using cattle urine , but that 's a lot more difficult to collect .
And , of course , chicken urine is out of the question .
Do n't Try This at Home
Apparently , human urine really packs a punch .
" Urine from a single human individual could fertilize some 6,300 tomato plants , which could produce 2.41 tons of tomato fruits " in just one season , the study notes .
One reason people may not want to try this at home is human urine can carry pathogens if the donor is severely infected .
" But most pathogens can be inhibited or killed if the urine is stored for one to two months , " Prahan said .
Urine contains urea , which turns into ammonia in a few hours or days , which kills pathogens , Prahan added .
Tomatoes were chosen for the experiments " because it has a worldwide distribution , it is commonly cultivated in home gardens , and it is a common ingredient in many recipes , " the researchers said .
The plants were grown in four different ways in a greenhouse on the Kuopio campus .
Some received no fertilizer , some received commercial fertilizer , some received just urine , and others received human urine and birch ash collected from the furnace in the home of one of the participants .
No Harmful Substances Found
Urine was collected from several " eco-toilets in private homes , " the study says , and stored for about six months while the researchers analyzed its " microbiological properties . "
No harmful substances were found .
During the growing period the plants that received commercial fertilizer and those that got the urine and ash performed about the same , substantially higher than the ones that got only urine , and four times greater than the unfertilized plants .
But the plants that got only urine had a " significantly higher " protein content , leading the researchers to conclude that either urine with ash , or plain urine , would work much better than no fertilizer at all .
And it 's cheap .
All the plants were irrigated every day with lake water and their flowers were hand pollinated every morning " with the help of a soft brush . "
Harvesting began on the 62nd day and ended on the 88th day .
Twenty individuals were recruited to test the taste after they had demonstrated that they could recognize basic tastes of sweet , sour , salty and bitter .
All Tomatoes Rated " Equally Good "
" The panelists did not prefer any particular samples , and all tomato samples were evaluated as being equally good by the tasters , " the researchers said .
The scientists did not provide a recipe for their favorite fertilizer , but they did suggest a few precautions .
It 's probably not a good idea to dash out to the greenhouse after too much coffee and administer the treatment directly .
Urine needs time to naturally immobilize any pathogens , so store it in a jar or suitable container for at least a couple of months .
And do n't spray it directly on the plants because it could burn them .
Instead , rake it into the soil .
Then , one of these days , bite into a plump tomato and it will all come back to you .
Now that 's recycling .
The Perl Community AdServer is almost 2 years old .
It is serving many thousands of one - line messages a day from the Perl community via the websites of the community .
I am looking for more promotional messages and more places to display these messages .
It is a simple Adserver .
Members of the various Perl Monger groups from around the world and participants of the various Perl projects can send me on - line text messages ( up to 70 characters ) .
These are included in the list of messages in a simple Yaml file and then are displayed randomly on various Perl related web sites around the world such as the PerlMonks , the Kobes CPAN search engine , and the web site of EPO .
To pick a few .
We even have country - level targeting so for example the messages about the Lisbon Perl Mongers are only displayed to visitors from Portugal .
If you have a web site , or the archives of a Perl related mailing list you can add a simple javascript code to your pages and these ads will start to show up on your site as well .
( See the PCAS website for details ) .
If you have a Perl Mongers group anywhere in the world , or if you are organizing a Perl related community event , or if you have a Perl related web site , or if you have a Perl project you can send me an e-mail to szabgab@gmail.com or a tweet with a short text message ( up to 70 characters ) and I 'll include it in the service .
The message can be in any language but if it is not in English , please also send an English translation .
If it is only relevant to certain countries then please give me the list of countries so I can limit the display coverage .
raingrove raingrove Junior Member 23 posts
Joined Aug 2009
Location : Singapore / Seoul / Hong Kong More info
Aug 24 , 2009 15:23 | # 1 THIS IS UNBELIEVABLY AWESOME !
Guys at CHDK made it again !
( Thanks thaibv and foldsea @ CHDK !!!)
A firmware hack for Rebel XTi / 400D that enables additional features such as ISO 3200 ( and other ISOs in between like 500 , 640 , 120 , 1250 etc ) and SPOT METERING ( yes! spot metering ! ) has been released and it works pretty darn well !
For more information and the required files , please refer to :
http://chdk.setepontos​.com/index.php...,3290​.135.html
Use testfir . fir to make your 400d bootable from CF and then make your CF card bootable using cardtricks .
( choose CF boot sector option )
Copy the hack file ( autorun.bin ) into the CF .
Once all is done correctly , insert the CF and turn the camera on .
The print button will light up ( blue ) momentarily to show that the hack has been loaded .
To change ISO , go to ISO menu to choose baseline ISO and then push the print button several times to switch to other ISOs .
( ISO number in the screen will change accordingly )
100 - 100 / 125 / 160 / 80
200 - 200 / 250 / 320
400 - 400 / 500 / 640
800 - 800 / 1000 / 1250
1600 - 1600 / 2000 / 2500 / 3200
To use spot metering go to metering menu , and then push print button .
Camera will beep and spot metering will be enabled .
To start the camera without the hack , insert other non-hacked CFs or just format the CF .
--------DETAILED
HOWTO--------
1. use a fully charged battery .
you need CF card reader and windows .
on a mac , use windows under bootcamp / vmware fusion .
2. update to latest firmware ( 1.1.1 ) by downloading the latest firmware , copying it into the root of CF , and running " update firmware " in the setup menu .
3. empty your CF , download testfir. fir from http://chdk.setepontos​.com/index.php/topic,1​618.0.html and copy it into the root of your CF .
4. insert CF , and then run firmware update again using testfir .
fir the screen will go blank .
wait 5 minutes , turn off , take battery out and back in .
5. insert CF into card reader and perform a quick format .
6 . ---------------
UPDATED INSTRUCTIONS
FOR BOTH < 4GB ( fat16 ) AND > 4GB ( fat32 ) CARDS : ---------------
download cardtricks 1.45 : http://chdk.setepontos​.com/index.php/topic,4​214.0.html ( first download link ) .
Run it to self extract the archive .
Run the binary extracted , choose CF drive , tick " cf boot sector " and then click " make bootable . "
7. download latest autoexec.bin from here : http://code.google.com​/p/400d/downloads/list rename it to autoexec.bin then copy the file to CF card .
8. safely remove CF , insert it into camera , if the blue print led of the camera briefly lights up when the camera is turned on , the hack is successfully loaded .
9. to use additional ISO values , choose one of the 100,200,400,800,1600 , and then push the print button to access more ISOs .
( 80/100/125/160/200/25​0/320/400/500/640/800/​1000/1250/
1600/2000/2500/3200 )
ISO levels 16/32/40/50 can also be enabled if you go to menu and turn " shoot without CF " ON , but not sure if they really work ( i see no difference . )
10 . to use spot metering , go to metering selection screen , then push the print button .
to go back to " evaluative metering " , you have to select other metering modes first , and then back to " evaluative metering " , because the camera thinks you are at " evaluative " although you are at " spot metering " .
11 . to view shutter actuation count , which was only viewable by canon themselves , go to menu , push print button , push menu button again twice , ( " factory menu " appears ) , enter factory menu , then push print button to enter " debug mode " .
after a beep , go back and set spot metering .
and you will see the camera writing something to the CF ( CF light ) .
eject CF , insert it into card reader , you will see a file called STDOUT .
txt , search the textfile for " Release " .
there you see a number and that is the shutter count .
thanks very much thaibv and Foldesa of CHDK for this wonderful hack .
- raingrove
LIKES 0 LOG IN TO REPLY
We have recently aquired the domain Zoonami.com &
We do n't have any relation with Zoonami.com previous Owners .
We develop and sell Magento 2 Extensions .
Have a look at some of the extensions we have developed :
— Zoonami Team
Is HCG Diet safe ?
Developed for rapid weight loss .
The HCG diet is made in an FDA approved lab and has been carefully developed by health experts who know what your body needs and how to make sure you have the proper nutrition while losing weight .
Hundreds of thousands of people have successfully used the HCG diet and obtained phenomenal weight loss results with absolutely no side effects .
Lose weight safely
While on the HCG diet , most people do n't experience any side effects .
If you do come across some initial headaches and dizziness , you can easily correct these with proper hydration .
Here are some tips to ensure you lose weight safely while on the HCG diet :
The Rosetta Stone of bacterial communication may have been found .
Although they have no sensory organs , bacteria can get a good idea about what 's going on in their neighborhood and communicate with each other , mainly by secreting and taking in chemicals from their surrounding environment .
Even though there are millions of different kinds of bacteria with their own ways of sensing the world around them , Duke University bioengineers believe they have found a principle common to all of them .
The researchers said that a more complete understanding of communication between cells and bacteria is essential to the advancement of the new field of synthetic biology , where populations of genetically altered bacteria are " programmed " to do certain things .
Such re-programmed bacterial gene circuits could see a wide variety of applications in medicine , environmental cleanup and biocomputing .
It is already known that a process known as " quorum sensing " underlies communication between bacteria .
However , each type of bacteria seems to have its own quorum - sensing abilities , with tremendous variations , the researchers said .
" Quorum sensing is a cell - to - cell communication mechanism that enables bacteria to sense and respond to changes in the density of the bacteria in a given environment , " said Anand Pai , graduate student in bioengineering at Duke 's Pratt School of Engineering .
" It regulates a wide variety of biological functions such as bioluminescence , virulence , nutrient foraging and cellular suicide . "
The researchers found that the total volume of bacteria in relation to the volume of their environment is a key to quorum sensing , no matter what kind of microbe is involved .
" If there are only a few cells in an area , nothing will happen , " Pai said .
" If there are a lot of cells , the secreted chemicals are high in concentration , causing the cells to perform a specific action .
We wanted to find out how these cells know when they have reached a quorum . "
Pai and scientist Lingchong
You , assistant professor of biomedical engineering and a member of Duke 's Institute for Genome Sciences & Policy and Center for Systems Biology , have discovered what they believe is a common root among the different forms of quorum sensing .
In an article in the July 2009 issue of the journal Molecular Systems Biology , they term this process " sensing potential . "
advertisement
" Sensing potential is essentially the linking of an action to the number of cells and the size of their environment , " You said .
" For example , a small number of cells would act differently than the same number of cells in a much larger space .
No matter what type of cell or their own quorum sensing abilities , the relationship between the size of a cell and the size of its environment is the common thread we see in all quorum sensing systems .
" This analysis provides novel insights into the fundamental design of quorum sensing systems , " You said .
" Also , the overall framework we defined can serve as a foundation for studying the dynamics and the evolution of quorum sensing , as well as for engineering synthetic gene circuits based on cell - to - cell communications . "
Synthetic gene circuits are carefully designed combinations of genes that can be " loaded " into bacteria or other cells to direct their actions in much the same way that a basic computer program directs a computer .
Such re-programmed bacteria would exist as a synthetic ecosystem .
" Each population will synthesize a subset of enzymes that are required for the population as a whole to produce desired proteins or chemicals in a coordinated way , " You said .
" We may even be able to re-engineer bacteria to deliver different types of drugs or selectively kill cancer cells "
For example ,
You has already gained insights into the relationship between predators and prey by creating a synthetic circuit involving two genetically altered lines of bacteria .
The findings from that work helped define the effects of relative changes in populations .
The research was supported by National Institutes of Health , a David and Lucile Packard Fellowship , and a DuPont Young Professor Award .
Female students are a " perk " of the job for male university lecturers , a senior academic has suggested .
But as at famous lapdancing club Stringfellows , lecturers should " look but not touch " , according Terence Kealey , vice - chancellor of Buckingham University .
In a humorous article for the Times Higher Education magazine on " lust " , part of a feature of the seven deadly sins of universities , Dr Kealey wrote : " Normal girls - more interested in abs than in labs , more interested in pecs than specs , more interested in triceps than tripods - will abjure their lecturers for the company of their peers , but nonetheless , most male lecturers know that , most years , there will be a girl in class who flashes her admiration and who asks for advice on her essays .
What to do ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" Enjoy her !
She 's a perk . "
Referencing characters from Middlemarch , by George Eliot and Malcolm Bradbury 's The History Man , Dr Kealey added : " She does n't yet know that you are only Casaubon to her Dorothea , Howard Kirk to her Felicity Phee , and she will flaunt you her curves .
Which you should admire daily to spice up your sex , nightly , with the wife .
" Yup , I 'm afraid so .
As in Stringfellows , you should look but not touch . "
Dr Kealey , a clinical bio-chemist who has been vice - chancellor at Buckingham , an independent university , for eight years , suggested that it was a " myth " that an affair between a student and her university lecturer , was an abuse of power , saying accountability has meant that " the days are gone when a scholar could trade sex for upgrades .
But he added that some female students still " fantasise " about lecturers .
Dr Kealey 's comments were attacked by Olivia Bailey , women 's officer at the National Union of Students .
She told the Telegraph : " I am appalled that a university vice chancellor should display such an astounding lack of respect for women .
" Regardless of whether this was an attempt at humour , it is completely unacceptable for someone in Terence Kealey 's position to compare a lecture theatre to a lapdancing club , and I expect that many women studying at Buckingham University will be feeling extremely angry and insulted at these comments . "
Dr Kealey could not be contacted to respond .
A spokesman for the University and College Union said : " Harassment is not something to be taken lightly and I would be surprised , and deeply concerned , if any university , or vice - chancellor , tried to laugh it off .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" Staff and students need to feel safe in the workplace and that demands professionalism and respect from everybody involved in a university . "
No , I ’m not making this up .
Although everything we know about Twilight involves a creepy abstinence message ( and sex equals death , if you ’re all feminist and stuff ) , someone has tied a new sex toy into the teen vamp marketing maching .
No , it ’s not official .
Yes , it ’s that bad .
The dildo , named non-infringingly “ The Vamp , ” uses a frickload of Twilight key phrases without actually saying “ this here is just like Edward Cullen ’s cold , dead phallus . ”
From the product page :
For those of us who fantasize about being spellbound and tantalized by the forbidden comes The Vamp .
We promise this vamp wo n’t be the only thing coming for you in the night .
The Vamp is a realistic form dildo based appropriately on our Sire ’s design but with a deathly pale flesh tone reminiscent of the new moon ’s glow .
Since it ’s a Tantus toy , The Vamp is made from Tantus ’ own unique blend of 100 % Ultra -Premium Silicone .
Do n’t be surprised if this toy seduces you , its long sleek shaft and deliciously ridged head calling to you in the twilight .
But do n’t save this for just nocturnal escapades , try taking our Vamp out in the sunlight and watch him sparkle …
Do n’t let this eclipse pass into the breaking dawn , place your order today .
I really love how the last sentence just crams in all the remaining stuff - do n’t let this eclipse new moon pass into the Jacob sparklepire Forks High School !
Charlie Renesmee your Bella Swan today !
Seriously , though , this product ’s target demographic has to be either too young to buy it , or too old to be buying it without being ostracized from mainstream society .
The best part ?
The suggestion to keep it in the fridge so it ’s like boning a real vampire .
That and the “ sparkling in the sunlight ” bit - if you ’re using your dildo in the sunlight , you ’re doing it wrong .
[ Image : Videogum ]
Opponents of healthcare reform argue that Congress would give illegal immigrants health insurance at taxpayer expense .
The claim stirs a lot of resentment , particularly in border states struggling to cover the costs that undocumented immigrants impose on hospitals , schools and other public services .
And although there may be valid reasons to improve the healthcare services these immigrants receive , it ’s a step lawmakers can’t take without jeopardizing the reform effort as a whole .
Authors of the House bill ( HR 3200 ) recognize how explosive the issue is and have tried to defuse it .
One section :ih:965 of the bill unequivocally declares that illegal immigrants cannot receive taxpayer funds to help buy coverage .
Critics say the proposal does n’t provide a way to enforce the ban , so illegal immigrants are sure to find a way around it .
Although that ’s not a compelling argument , the insurance - buying exchanges created by the bill are n’t likely to be more resistant to fraud than Medicare and Medicaid are .
The more difficult issue is whether illegal immigrants should be eligible for subsidized insurance .
Some immigrant activists contend that insuring them would improve public health and reduce costs .
Like the uninsured generally , immigrants without coverage tend to forgo care until they need expensive emergency treatment .
One of the main goals of healthcare reform is to reduce this sort of inefficiency , which drives up private insurance premiums and the medical costs covered by local governments .
Although illegal immigrants are disproportionately uninsured , they account for an unusually small share of healthcare costs .
A recent study published by the American Journal of Public Health found that per-capita costs were significantly lower for immigrants -- even those with insurance -- than for native - born Americans .
They ’re less likely to suffer from chronic illnesses such as diabetes and heart disease .
And , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation , noncitizens are significantly less likely than citizens to go to an emergency room .
Advertisement
On the other hand , the prospect of subsidized health benefits would raise the incentive for illegal border crossings .
That ’s one reason insurance coverage for illegal immigrants should be addressed in the context of comprehensive immigration reform , not an overhaul of the healthcare system .
Here ’s another reason :
The healthcare debate has already become so politicized , it ’s well - nigh impossible to have a rational discussion of the problems and solutions .
The economic and public - health effects of extending coverage to noncitizens are worth exploring , but not at the expense of reforms that are vital to millions of Americans .
Murder - suicide mom wanted to keep boy from dad Murder - suicide
Judith Williams , who police say shot her 16 - year - old son to death on Mount Diablo on July 17 , 2009 , then killed herself .
Judith Williams , who police say shot her 16 - year - old son to death on Mount Diablo on July 17 , 2009 , then killed herself .
Photo : Department Of Motor Vehicles Photo : Department Of Motor Vehicles Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Murder - suicide mom wanted to keep boy from dad 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
The Walnut Creek woman who killed her teenage son on Mount Diablo before shooting herself was angry that the boy was spending more time with her ex-husband , her brother told The Chronicle after reading her suicide note .
Judith Elizabeth Williams , 51 , decided to kill her 16 - year - old son , Adam Williams , in part because her ex-husband had recently moved back to California from Missouri and was spending every other weekend with their son , her brother said .
On Friday , father and son were to have left on a trip to Southern California .
" She did n't want Adam to go to his dad , " Williams ' brother , Bill Collins , 55 , of Palo Cedro ( Shasta County ) said Friday .
" That was obvious . "
On the afternoon of July 17 , Williams and Adam drove up to Lookout Point near the top of Mount Diablo .
They got out of her Toyota Corolla and enjoyed the view .
Williams took a picture of her son and then ambushed him with two shots to his chest and head before killing herself , authorities said .
" I loved my sister , " Collins said .
" I have to have sympathy for her plight , but I have no sympathy for her taking Adam .
Since she shot that beautiful boy , that sympathy goes out the window . "
Collins said his sister had made clear in a three - page , typed suicide note found beside her computer that she wanted her and her son 's lives to end .
She described taking her cats to a shelter the day before and of taking Zachary , the family dog , to the veterinarian to have it euthanized at 11:45 a.m. , only hours before the drive up to Mount Diablo , Collins said .
' Extremely calculating '
She expressed anguish that Adam , the boy she had raised alone since she filed for divorce from Jim Williams in 1996 , was spending more time with her ex-husband , Collins said .
" It seemed extremely calculating and deliberate in its purpose , " Collins said of his sister 's reasoning .
He said his sister had also touched on financial problems she had been having for at least a decade .
She wrote something to the effect of , " This was ( the ) only option because bills are due , " Collins said .
Judith Williams filed for bankruptcy protection once , in 1999 , and her landlord told The Chronicle that she was behind on the $ 1,700 monthly rent for her house on Blackwood Drive .
After their five - year marriage dissolved , Jim Williams moved to St. Louis and saw his son only during the holidays .
Her former husband , now 45 , moved to Roseville ( Placer County ) a couple of years ago and started seeing Adam every other weekend and a couple of weeks each summer .
" I thought it was the right thing to do , " Collins said .
But Judith Williams was " livid , " her brother said .
She felt that she had done all the work of raising Adam .
" She had a chip on her shoulder that I never really understood , " Collins said .
" It was kind of strange . "
Tension in family
Collins said his sister could be difficult and was " tough as nails " in her dealings with others .
She had a falling - out with their younger brother and had only recently made up with her older sister after a dispute , Collins said .
" There was a difficult family dynamic , " he said .
Despite their problems , he said , the siblings had reached out to Williams , offering her money and support .
Collins said he had encouraged his sister and Adam to come live with him in Shasta County .
Why Williams took the path she did will forever haunt her family , Collins said .
' I'm bewildered '
" I would n't say I 'm angry .
I would say I 'm ashamed , " he said .
" I 'm bewildered .
I 'm perplexed .
I 'm sad she would do something like that " to a son she treated " like solid gold . "
Dax Harris , head track coach at Las Lomas High School in Walnut Creek , where Adam would have been a junior in the fall , said the boy had been " improving every day " on the field .
" It 's a really tragic circumstance .
I think it 's kind of a selfish act , " Harris said Friday as he prepared to attend a memorial for Adam in Fair Oaks ( Sacramento County ) .
" I really do n't see the point in something like this , " Harris said .
" I figure you can set differences aside when it comes to divorce and doing stuff with the kids . "
The White House Council of Economic Advisers said Thursday the $ 787 billion stimulus plan kept one million people working who would otherwise not have had jobs .
You would n't let me stand up and make the simplistic claim that these million jobs were saved at a cost of $ 787,000 per job without challenging the details of my accounting , would you ?
Surely , reality is more complex .
But when the White House Council of Economic Advisers calculated the number of jobs saved by our government 's massive stimulus spending , how is it that they entirely neglected to account for the impact on employment of removing $ 787 billion dollars from the balance sheet of the private economy ?
What kind of single - entry bookkeeping is this ?
Who are these experts so willing to make glib claims with a straight face ?
How is it that the press , politicians , and pundits credulously report these claims as facts ?
And why are those who question whether the emperor is wearing any clothes treated like obstructionist members of some lunatic fringe ?
There are those who passionately promote the theory that the government can , on net , create jobs by taking money from one set of citizens and handing it to another .
Does this make sense to you ?
Are these promoters easily fooled , willfully blind , or cunningly smart ?
Let 's take a look under the covers and examine the source of this week 's claim .
The White House Council of Economic Advisers is lead by three presidential appointees .
Currently , these are Christina Romer , Austan Goolsbee , and Cecilia Rouse .
According to their biographies on the Council web site , these people have never held jobs outside of academia .
Their positions at Princeton , Berkeley , and the University of Chicago were protected by lifetime tenure .
Unemployment , to them , is a theory that cannot become a personal reality .
What in their backgrounds makes them experts on the subject of job creation ?
They never had to meet a payroll .
They never had to raise money to fund their businesses from skeptical investors .
They never bet their life savings on their own business judgment .
They never had to scramble to pay off a banker who called in a loan .
They never had to decide whether to take a calculated risk to expand their workforce hoping to take market share from a fierce competitor .
They never had to make a judgment call on whether or not to launch an unproven new product .
They never had to manage a reduction in force , explaining to employees that their jobs have been eliminated because the tax and regulatory burdens imposed by some new law forced them to cut costs .
They never lost business to a government - subsidized competitor whose cost of capital was vastly lower than theirs .
They never had to grease the palms of politicians offering constituent services to resolve a bureaucratic hangup caused by the labyrinthine government approvals these selfsame politicians inflict on many businesses .
They never had to deal with a missed sales forecast caused by an economy so roiled by capricious and uncertain fiscal policy that frightened customers were holding back orders .
They never had to deal with a key supplier that unexpectedly went bankrupt because their source of credit dried up as dollars got sucked out of the commercial economy into government debt .
They never had to negotiate with angry landlords after being forced to shut down a business destroyed by spurious mass - manufactured class action lawsuits .
They never had to stand up in front of disappointed investors to explain why they lost money that had been entrusted to them .
And you can be sure that none of them ever fell on their face and had to pick themselves up , dust themselves off , and decide whether it was worth going through all of the joys described above to take another shot at building a business from scratch .
Go read their biographies .
Do Christina , Austan , and Cecilia appear to you to be contributing members of the productive economy ?
Do you see any evidence that they 've spent even a fraction of their careers creating jobs ?
What do you think qualifies these people to work as high level apparatchiks of a governing class determined to manage the businesses of others ?
All three have Ph.D. 's from fancy universities .
They are prize winning experts in macroeconomics .
To have come this far you can bet that they are ambitious , articulate , well connected , and brilliant .
Yet when the Council of Economic Advisers did its calculations to determine the number of jobs saved by the stimulus , they shamelessly counted assets and totally ignored liabilities .
People this smart cannot be easily fooled .
People so visibly in the public eye cannot remain willfully blind .
No , these people and those that appointed them are cunningly smart .
It 's we who are the fools for listening to them .
Long after these experts return to their sinecures in academia to train another generation of economists on the wisdom of central planning and Keynesian pump priming , it 's we and our children and our grandchildren who will be paying the price .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A " significant number " of people have been arrested during clashes between right - wing protesters and anti-fascist campaigners in Birmingham .
A group calling itself the English Defence League , which said it was protesting against Islamic extremism , was met with a counter demonstration .
Gangs of men and youths hurled bottles at each other and pelted riot police with bricks in the city centre .
Police said it was not possible to say how many arrests had been made .
Officers had earlier said more than 20 men had been arrested on a bus in Digbeth during the afternoon .
Heavy police presence A number of further arrests were made on double - decker buses in the city centre later .
Police attempted to control the movements of the protesters
The disturbances followed clashes last month , between English Defence League protesters and members of Unite Against Fascism .
West Midlands
Police said the latest trouble involved a total of about 200 people , in mainly sporadic incidents .
The disturbances were confined mainly to the New Street and Bennetts Hill area .
The police helicopter was flying over the city centre for several hours monitoring the movements of the protesters and a heavy police presence was visible on the streets .
Police said the people held later in the day had boarded the buses on which they were arrested in and around Bennetts Hill .
Other arrests were made in nearby Waterloo Street and in Digbeth High Street .
Filled buses Det Ch Insp Sue Southern said : " Officers acted quickly and robustly to quell pockets of disorder caused by several groups of 20 to 30 men .
" Police estimate around 200 people in total were involved in the trouble . "
English Defence League protesters were bussed away from the city centre Community leaders have been on the streets to try to calm the situation .
A West Midlands Police spokesman said the first arrests for violent disorder were made shortly after 1530 BST .
The BBC's Dominic Casciani said police filled two double - decker buses with protesters from the English Defence League and transported them to Lancaster Circus .
" Both buses were filled with right wing protesters , " he said .
" Police made them hold their protest in an underpass at Lancaster Circus , where no - one could see them . "
Shops unaffected Before the demonstration police and the city council obtained an order allowing them to restrict " trespassing groups " in the Bullring area of the city , under section 14a of the Public Order Act .
They were also granted permission to impose conditions on the protesters , restricting them to certain locations and a limit of 250 people .
Orders were also passed restricting the demonstrations to two locations .
But after meeting on Broad Street in the city 's entertainment district , demonstrators went to New Street , about half a mile away , and trouble broke out .
The rival groups have clashed in Birmingham before
The street , which houses a large number of banks , cafes and chain stores , is a major pedestrian shopping route .
The nearby Bullring shopping centre and other shops remained open .
Det Ch Insp
Southern said business leaders had said they considered the lack of impact on the busy retail area a success .
On its website , the English Defence League had urged its supporters to avoid violent clashes .
It added anyone causing trouble would be arrested or removed and could destroy the hard work put in by the league and police and " would ruin the day for everyone " .
It also stressed it was not a fascist organisation .
The police and council had been criticised on anti-fascist websites for allowing the protests to go ahead .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( For a TAKE A LOOK on Honduras , click on [ ID :nN28343997 ] )
* Roadblocks by Zelaya supporters shut highways
* Pro-Zelaya protesters say will be out again on Friday
* Interim gov’t says increasing security , reimposes curfew
* Saturday talks will seek to break post - coup impasse ( Adds capital ’s roadblocks lifted , coffee , quotes )
By Simon Gardner and Gustavo Palencia
TEGUCIGALPA , July 16 ( Reuters ) - Supporters of Honduras ’ ousted President Manuel Zelaya shut down commercial highways on Thursday in protests in the capital and other places , demanding his reinstatement ahead of weekend mediation talks .
The demonstrations by hundreds of Zelaya followers took place as Costa Rican President Oscar Arias prepared to host talks on Saturday with the rival sides in the political crisis triggered by the June 28 coup that toppled Zelaya .
Watched by armed soldiers and riot police , the protesters shut off the northern and southern entrances to the hill - ringed capital Tegucigalpa for several hours , backing up trucks and other vehicles for miles ( kilometres ) in both directions .
They later lifted the roadblocks , vowing to return in force on Friday to repeat the protests .
Police also reported protest roadblocks at Comayagua and at Copan on routes that carry exports and imports to and from neighboring El Salvador .
But the interim government said commercial traffic was running over the frontiers of Honduras , an impoverished exporter of bananas , coffee and textiles .
Arias , mediating in Central America ’s worst crisis since the Cold War , is due to host talks between envoys representing Zelaya and Roberto Micheletti , the interim president installed by Honduras ’ Congress after the coup .
After an inconclusive initial round last week , the two sides are deadlocked .
Zelaya is demanding that Micheletti comply with international calls for his immediate reinstatement .
Micheletti has said the army lawfully removed Zelaya because he violated the constitution by seeking to lift limits on presidential terms and has ruled out Zelaya ’s return to office .
Arias told local radio in Costa Rica on Thursday he would try to broker a compromise , such as a national reconciliation government between the two sides or an amnesty .
MORE PROTESTS PLANNED FOR FRIDAY
The coup and impasse in Honduras is a foreign policy test for U.S. President Barack Obama , who has sought to improve ties with Latin America .
Obama quickly condemned Zelaya ’s ouster as illegal but faces calls from Venezuela ’s leftist President Hugo Chavez , a vocal ally of Zelaya , to increase pressure on Micheletti to restore the deposed president .
To counter renewed protests by Zelaya ’s backers , Micheletti ’s administration stepped up security across the country and reimposed a night curfew late on Wednesday .
At the northern access route into Tegucigalpa , hundreds of protesters , many in red T - shirts and scarves and some wearing the cowboy hats common in rural Honduras , blocked the highway with rocks , shouting slogans calling for Zelaya ’s return .
A similar protest shut off the southern access point .
“ We want ‘ Mel ’ Zelaya back ....
This will go on until he returns , ” said food store owner Marco Martinez , 47 , draped in the red and white flag of Zelaya ’s Liberal Party .
Pro-Zelaya peasant leader Carlos Suazo vowed the protests planned for Friday would be bigger .
“ Our actions and strategies will intensify until they ( the interim government ) wo n’t be able to resist , ” he said .
With the coffee harvest largely over , producers said 2008 / 09 exports were not affected by unrest after the coup .
But road blockades could disrupt fertilizer deliveries to farms preparing for the coming harvest in October .
Since the coup last month , supporters of Zelaya have staged almost daily protests calling for his return but have not seriously threatened the interim government .
CHAVEZ SAYS FEARS “ CIVIL WAR ”
Micheletti has repeated an offer to quit to promote a peaceful deal , but only if Zelaya is not returned to office .
Foreign governments worry that if Saturday ’s mediation talks in Costa Rica fail , the Honduran crisis could escalate .
“ I hope God does n’t let this end up developing into a civil war , which could spill out across Central America , ” said Chavez , who is well known for his incendiary rhetoric .
He spoke in Bolivia at a meeting of leftist Latin American presidents .
The United States called for restraint .
“ We support a peaceful negotiated resolution and urge other countries to play a positive role in achieving that and to refrain from any actions that could lead to violence , ” U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in Washington .
Venezuela ’s Chavez , long a vociferous foe of the United States , repeated an allegation -- which Washington has denied -- that U.S. authorities had a hand in the coup .
“ I do n’t think they told Obama , but there ’s an empire behind Obama .
Obama is Obama , the empire is the empire , ” Chavez added , using his habitual term for the United States .
Micheletti has accused Chavez of meddling in Honduras and of influencing Zelaya with his populist brand of socialism .
The Organization of American States suspended Honduras from membership on July 4 .
Zelaya , who says the coup was a power grab by rich elites against him , has said Saturday ’s talks are the last chance to reinstate him in 72 hours , before he pursues other strategies .
Arias said neither Zelaya nor Micheletti had confirmed they would attend Saturday ’s talks .
“ I ’m hoping to make progress , but I ’m not letting my hopes get too high , ” he said .
( Additional reporting by Juana Casas , Esteban Israel in Tegucigalpa , Terry Wade in La Paz ; Mica Rosenberg in Mexico City ; John McPhaul in San Jose ; Paul Eckert in Washington ; Writing by Pascal Fletcher ; Editing by John O’Callaghan )
The goal of almost all game designers is to make games that are fun .
A common method for giving the player a " fun experience " is to let him start out in a world as an inexperienced noob and then let his character blossom into one of the greatest and most powerful beings in all the land .
This sounds like a solid idea , but what mechanics can be used to convey this transition to the player ?
There are two choices : schedule rewards that will upgrade the player 's character stats or give the player analog control over part of the game and encourage him to actually develop some gameplay skills .
Character stat improvement schedules
Growing up I poured at least 100 hours into Diablo and its stat boosting reward schedule .
All I had to do was click on enemies to kill them and at regular intervals my character 's stats would go up .
Throughout my whole experience this mechanic never changed .
The only brain stimulation I got was determining what character attributes I should pump up first and trying to figure out if a new fancy sword that had popped out of an enemy was actually better than my old fancy sword .
Fostering organic player skill
Unreal Tournament also grabbed at least 100 hours of my childhood .
Just like Diablo , UT required me to click on enemies to kill them .
However , instead of making my strikes easy and automatic , UT gave me direct analog control over my aim and movement .
The game actually made me line up the attacks myself .
It was a bit overwhelming at first , but as I played more , I could feel myself actually getting better at the arbitrary art of killing enemies .
Learning skills is more fun for players ... right ?
While ridding the world of hell spawn and becoming the grand champion of the tournament were both fun , UT gave me a chance to get good at something while Diablo only asked me to shoot fish in a barrel 100,000 times in a row .
If I were to reinstall both games today , I would still have some of my UT combat skills while the data that stored my Diablo XP is long gone .
It seems character stats are devices that create the illusion of accomplishment and are thus an inferior form of fun .
Game design dilemma resolved ...
The infamous Lugaru level with the three wolves .
The infamous Lugaru level with the three wolves .
But wait ... there 's a catch
Remember David 's post about designing the solution space ?
David warned that if your solution space is lumpy and convoluted , players may get stuck at locally optimal points without reaching the absolutely optimal point .
If you design a skill level challenge expecting the player to be in the valley of leet when they are actually stuck in a pot hole of noob , fun will quickly turn into frustration .
While I have heard people proclaim how awesome it is that they can actually feel themselves getting better at Lugaru 's fighting system , there are also occasional cries of agony over the skills required to beat the infamous " level with the three wolves " .
With a stat improvement schedule , the game designer has direct control over how skillful the player 's character will be at any given moment and can adjust the challenges facing the player accordingly .
Additionally , the player always knows what he can do to improve his stats if a particular obstacle in the game is temporarily too hard .
There 's another catch
Benevolent game designers want to create the most fun for the most gamers .
However , skill - based games may not actually scale to distribute fun effectively to all their players in the multiplayer case .
Many multiplayer scenarios involve competition among players .
Unfortunately , because of the Lake Wobegon Effect most players will go into battle thinking that they are above average .
Sadly competition will result in players being disappointed by the fact that their rank is not as high as they hoped it would be .
With a stat system you do n't have to exclude any players from reaching a maximum " skill " level .
Conclusion
I can't say with authority that skill based games are more fun than stat driven games .
However , it does feel as though skill - based gameplay results in higher quality fun as long as extra care is taken to smooth out major potholes in the solution space .
As was done with Lugaru , we are planning on allowing the player freedom to organically develop combat skills and strategies in Overgrowth .
What do you think is more fun , accumulating stats or developing actual ( albeit arbitrary ) skills ?
Can you think of any games that successfully combine the two ?
CCP , the developer behind the popular online title EVE Online , hates players who hope to profit in real money from its game .
Those who buy and sell ISK , the game 's currency , are not only exploiting the game , but unbalancing play .
That 's why the company decided to go drastic : a program they called " Unholy Rage , " whereby 6,200 paying accounts were banned at once .
The results from the mass - banning of all those real - money traders were more dramatic than anyone expected .
Einar Hrei?arsson , one of EVE 's lead GM's , was gracious enough to take time out of his schedule at Gamescom this week in Germany to explain exactly why CCP finds real - money trading so distasteful .
" RMT operators take up a lot of server power .
They use macros to run missions , rat ( grind PvE ) and mine 23 / 7 .
This adversely affects other players ’ chances of making a simulated living as all sweet - spots for this sort of activity are totally overrun with RMT - type users , " he explained to Ars.
Prices for mission - related items are adversely affected as well , which hurts regular players .
Then there 's the criminal element .
" Practically all credit card fraud we suffer stems from the RMT element which uses stolen credit cards to register expendable accounts that they know we will ban as soon as they start using them , e.g. accounts used to spam ISK sale adverts and such . "
Further , almost all hacking problems involve accounts being cleaned out by ISK sellers .
The game suffers , credit card fraud becomes an issue , and accounts are hi-jacked .
Something had to be done , and " Unholy Rage " was what they named CCP 's response .
" We must address this in the manner of the FDIC , not the SWAT "
For weeks they studied the behavior and effects these real - money traders had on the game , and then they struck .
During scheduled maintenance , over 6,000 accounts were banned .
Hrei?arsson assures us that the methods were sound , and the bannings went off with surgical precision .
" We are quite confident that false positives are practically non-existent , but we examine all requests for review , " he explained .
" So far less than a dozen have been found to be false positives . "
The project is ongoing , and so far CCP has banned approximately 9,000 accounts .
What they found was these real - money traders were not only soaking up in - game , virtual assets as well as hacking accounts , but also taking way more than their fair share of server cycles .
The result was dramatic .
" Now , that is a beautiful graph if I ever saw one , " CCP wrote on its official blog .
" While the number of accounts banned in the opening phase of the operation constituted around 2 percent of the total active registered accounts , the CPU per user usage was cut by a good 30 percent . "
This is great news for legitimate players .
" That is a whole lot of CPU for the rest of you to play with , people . "
Areas that used to be heavily traveled by bot - controlled players are now easier for real players to visit .
Systems that used to be controlled by the RMT players are now open for business .
" Another great improvement is that space is now suddenly full of belts of oversized asteroids that were previously sucked up by hoards of macro miners of the RMT persuasion , " CCP wrote .
" Regular players are now starting to see mining as a viable means of making some ISK and they are moving in to take over the business . "
Now that the mafia has been kicked out , legitimate players and corporations can turn an honest profit in once - overrun systems .
The dust is settling , and they 'll be back
Where there 's money to be made , real money , in trading in - game currency , there will always be crafty people trying to profit .
Fortunately for CCP , they 've hired the talent and the brain - power to continually fight the good fight .
" They keep trying to sneak back , but in the end it ’s all about the money and we simply follow that to find our guys , " Hrei?arsson said to Ars .
" Not only do we have a Doctor of Economics and a crack team of data gurus to analyze the problem , as well as able and willing developers to cater to our every need , we also have dedicated enforcers of published policy on this matter . "
EVE
Online is a game of high drama and intricate economies , and for at least a short while the skies are going to be a little safer for players to legitimately fight and mine and swindle each other and defend what 's theirs .
" Unholy Rage " was a success , with more server power for the real players and rich veins of ore now available for anyone who wants to make a career out of mining .
Back in Iceland , the men and women at CCP are busy crunching numbers , keeping an eye on trading , and getting ready for the next attack on those who seek to illegally profit from their game .
" We try to stay out of the players ’ way as much as we can .
As long as they adhere to local law and our EULA / TOS , we really do n’t find cause to meddle in their affairs , " Hrei?arsson stressed .
" However , real - money trading and most of the activity involved with it is against our published policy , and even international law in the case of credit card fraud , " he warned .
" That is really where we draw the line — keep it in - game . "
CCP keeps proving that the only thing more tenacious than real - money traders are the people keeping the game clean .
After responding with initial coolness , the United States defied expectations by taking up the offer to negotiate directly for the first time since Mr Obama came to power .
The US president had promised during his election campaign to hold unconditional talks with Iran .
Felicia Day 's stardom was n't handed down to her from on high by Hollywood .
She 's guest - starred on Buffy the Vampire Slayer and House , but most of her legions of fans still know her because of a show she wrote and produced herself that does n't air on any network .
Now in its third season , The Guild — Day 's microbudget comedic web series about a group of online gamers — enjoys financing from Microsoft as well as cushy placement on the Xbox 360 dashboard .
But fans are still discovering Day and her nerdy ways online .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urNyg1ftMIUAfter landing a plum role in Joss Whedon 's Emmy - winning web series Dr. Horrible 's Sing - Along Blog last year , Day 's got a bona fide viral hit on her hands this year , thanks to a funny promo video for Season 3 of The Guild .
" Do You Wanna Date My Avatar , " embedded right , has racked up more than 4 million views on YouTube since its August debut .
On the occasion of Tuesday 's release of a new DVD collecting the first two seasons of The Guild , Wired.com spoke to Day about being a geek in Hollywood , experimenting with web video , and the funny feelings she gets from her fans .
Wired.com :
You seem to have intimate knowledge of videogames as a powerful form of escape .
How is it that you 're so in touch with that impulse and can also be an ambitious and productive creator ?
Felicia Day : I have a little obsessive - compulsive personality .
You can tell because I played online games for eight hours a day .
I have a very focused personality .
I spent years not doing anything because I was inhibited .
I did n't know if people would approve of what I was doing .
So just the whole process of getting up the bravery to write something was a huge step for me .
But once I got on board and I saw that this is my project — this is actually making a difference and people are enjoying it — I just get tunnel vision .
Wired.com : Does that mean there 's less time for World of Warcraft ?
Day :
There 's no resentment when I have to spend five hours online launching a new episode because that 's just what has to be done .
I have a producer , Kim — she has as much passion for really taking the reins of our future and doing it ourselves .
In Hollywood you 're so disempowered .
You 're always waiting for somebody to green - light what you do .
What we found is a place that , maybe we 're not recognizable .
Maybe the whole cast is not recognizable on the street .
But we have passionate people who care about what we 're making .
And that 's enough .
It makes it worth all the hard work that we 're not necessarily rolling around in money for .
Wired.com : Did the impetus for creating The Guild stem from being a struggling actress and writer in Hollywood ?
Day : I 'd been in Hollywood for five years before I started writing The Guild .
I worked enough to pay all my bills .
So I was very lucky in that respect .
Most people do n't make a living acting .
But being the kind of girl who is stereotyped as the secretary — or I 've played a crazy cat lady five times , which is fine because I do that very well — but at a certain point you 're like , " I am more than this . "
That 's why I wrote Codex ( her character in The Guild ) .
I sat down and was like , " What role would I have the most fun playing and would never be offered to me . "
I think Codex , in a mainstream world , would have a perfect nose and great highlights , but that 's not reality .
And I wanted to , somehow , infuse reality into what I was doing .
Wired.com : People respond fairly enthusiastically .
Day :
When our music video hit the top 10 on iTunes over all the label stuff , I have to admit that I was definitely heartened .
I do like breaking the common patterns of behavior .
When we have a victory like that , it 's very fulfilling .
We 're going to be in stores with the DVD right next to major TV shows .
We shoot in my shed .
So , I do n't know , that 's just a cool message .
And when I have people come up and say , " Because of you I started composing again .
Or , " I 'm making my own website without waiting for funding . "
That 's awesome .
Wired.com :
Do you think geek culture gets a little bit watered down when it makes it to the mainstream ?
You were on Undeclared , which has really good geek credentials .
Day : I think there are some people out there who do get it .
I think Big Bang Theory is actually a great show .
And The Office — you could consider that a geeky , because they 're real people .
You believe them .
But in general , there 's nothing more frustrating than that stereotypical gamer — the teenager in the basement with his mom getting him Hot Pockets .
That 's why I wrote the show as well ; because that stereotype is not accurate .
Every quirky girl does n't have to be the best - friend character .
It 's a very limiting and self - fulfilling prophecy .
People only write things that will get green - lit so they write to those stereotypes .
And that 's why I think that the audience is crumbling .
Because the things they perceive that the audience wants are n't necessarily what the audience wants .
I do n't identify with a lot of the things I see on TV nowadays .
I 'd probably rather be gaming , to be honest with you .
Wired.com : Has The Guild helped your acting career ?
Day :
It 's very funny .
No .
It 's a little frustrating .
Having done this for two years , I 've gotten used to the fact that it 's not going to cross over .
Occasionally I 'll see a writer who knows about the show .
I have fewer auditions now than before I started The Guild because I have less time to concentrate on my acting career .
In an ideal world , people would be offering me roles or at least I 'd get more appointments and so would my cast members .
Wired.com :
How about the other cast members ?
Day : I would love them to work more as actors .
It 's very weird to live in two different worlds — where we 're very popular , almost celebrities .
And then when I go in to audition , the people in the waiting room recognize me as Felicia Day , the person who does The Guild , but when I go , in very few of the people who could hire me to do the job recognize what I do .
It 's a very interesting place to be and I 've gotten over the fact that that might not change .
I 'm happy doing what I 'm doing now and if , at a certain point , it lifts off , then that 's just a byproduct of all the hard work .
Felicia Day on the set of The Guild .
Wired.com :
It 's strange that you 're watched by millions but are completely off Hollywood 's radar .
Day :
It would be nice to get a few guest stars here and there .
They 're very busy making huge , multimillion - dollar shows .
It really is two different worlds .
That 's why there are n't a million web series out there that are watched by millions of people .
I think that 's changing .
The fragmentation of the audience will encourage people to seek other forms of entertainment .
But like I said , we still shoot in our garage .
There 's no paradigm for it and I think Hollywood is reluctant to see things outside the normal way of doing things .
Independent film is kind of on the wane and it used to be huge .
Maybe the web series can be that place where new talents and voices can be found .
Wired.com : The YouTube generation is stepping up to fill the role of the film - school generation .
The Guild is a bit like Clerks in the way .
Can your success inform the future of web video the way Kevin Smith informed indie filmmakers ?
Day : I would hope that .
L.A. does have a thriving community of people who are doing web series .
The funny thing is , with web series it 's not just that you need to be a filmmaker and a producer and get good content .
The format of the web series is still being invented .
There 's no , " This is how you do it . "
I feel like there 's still a format issue — people are open to experiment , but at the same time the sheer power that you have to have on the internet to get the word out about something is something that even huge studios with millions of dollars in marketing have figured out .
Wired.com :
That 's a problem everybody 's trying to sort out .
Day : Just because you have star power and a huge marketing budget , you can see from some professional web series , it does n't equal views .
When Keyboard Cat can stomp the kind of professional spinoffs that they do , you know that nobody 's going to master the internet .
An independent show like mine , yes we have funding from Xbox and a really nice DVD coming out , but it 's been completely built over two years by a fan base that just sent dollars in .
I think it 's a cool story that , hopefully , inspires others to do things outside the system .
Because there 's nothing worse than sitting around with a nice script in your hands that never will get made in Hollywood .
Wired.com :
You have a particular talent for self - promotion — or more specifically using the internet to get the word out .
Is this kind of strength a geek racial passive ?
Day : I grew up on the internet .
There 's no artifice .
I am who I am , except I swear less on Twitter .
I was home - schooled all my life , so everything I did I did on the internet because I did n't have any friends .
We moved around so much .
I never went to school except for first grade .
My friends came with me on CompuServe before there was a World Wide Web .
I 've been weaned on the evolution of the internet and because I understand it rather than think about what I 'd like the audience to do , I think like the audience .
Where are they going to want to get my show ?
And how is it going to be easiest ?
And who is going to enjoy my show ?
And who are those blogs ?
And who at that blog would like my show ?
Wired.com :
How they get to the content is just as important as what the content is about ?
Day : Let 's just make it convenient for people .
That 's the definition of the internet :
It 's so huge you have to make it convenient .
For me , I just do the things that are fun .
I treat my Twitter account like an IM account to a million people .
If I see a funny video and I want to share it , I 'll post it .
I do n't think you can calculate that and I think that 's where marketing — the mainstream people — want to harness that .
But there 's an authenticity you need on the internet or people are just gonna shut down .
Hopefully I always maintain that .
The DVD of The Guild collects Seasons 1 and 2 of the hit web series .
Wired.com :
The format for The Guild was very short .
Episodes are minutes long , seasons the length of one episode of broadcast television .
What was the thought process behind that ?
Day :
The thought process was that I only had money for camera and bagels .
And I only had enough money to make five minutes .
Essentially that 's it .
Its both seasons combined on the new DVD , and they can all be played without credits back to back .
If you do that , it 's 47 minutes for Season 1 .
And 74 minutes for Season 2 because we actually had funding and could pay people up front — which was great .
We do n't have a huge budget , but it was enough to pay people up front and for us to produce more minutes of content .
Every minute that you add adds a lot more money .
And every location that you add adds a ridiculous amount of money — which I learned very hard when we were stealing shots in alleys .
Wired.com :
And once funding was locked down ?
Day :
So for Season 3 , on the budget we have , we 've kind of reached the threshold of what we can do .
It might be about 10 minutes longer than Season 2 , but I 'm not sure at this point because we 're still editing .
It 's a question of economy .
People ask , " Why do n't you make these episodes 22 minutes long like a real TV show ? "
Well , I 'm just one girl writing and producing all of this .
If I had a staff of seven and millions of dollars like a regular TV show , yes , we could totally do that .
But web video is low - budget filmmaking .
We do as much as we can because we have people who are willing to work for cut rates because they love the show .
I 'm very grateful for that .
Wired.com : Financial limitations made the first episodes feel really breezy .
As you get money and add length , do you struggle with the ability to do more when perhaps you should n't ?
Day :
It depends on how I tell the story .
Nobody 's telling me what to do with this show .
I always want to top the last season .
The Season 3 episodes are five - and - a - half or six minutes .
People are like , " These are too short .
What happened this season ? "
Actually these are longer than ever .
We 've all see a web video that 's three minutes long and feels like 20 .
Some of these episodes now are almost eight minutes .
People who have been following the show since Season 1 have experienced the web series format , but the millions of people , especially since the music video , who have come on board the show have experienced the show continuously — watching them all in a row .
Web video always is living and breathing on the internet and people are finding it in different places and experiencing it completely different .
Wired.com :
One of the unspoken rules of bootstrap filmmaking is , " Do n't promise money and do n't expect to get paid any . "
When financing starts to happen , how does that complicate things ?
Day : I would love to say that we 're having such a horrible problem and we 're rolling around in money but we are n't .
It 's a very funny place to be in that we 're so well known yet our budgets are so small .
We 're still stealing shots in the alleys because it 's too expensive to buy a permit .
The profit margins are so small .
We 've had a lot of opportunities to sell the show to mainstream venues and fancy , cool producers , but at the end of the day I felt it was very important for me to retain the rights to the show .
That 's the cool thing about our Xbox deal .
Wired.com : Before Xbox was footing some of the bill , your early episodes relied on donors .
What 's your relationship with those early angel investors ?
Day :
Whenever I can say it , I say that this show was made on these donors .
We shot a couple episodes on our own dime but we could n't afford it .
We 're all just struggling people here .
We put up a PayPal button and people donated .
Some people donated a dollar .
Or $ 5 .
But if you think about the millions of hits that we have on our show and the number of people who wanted to support us , it 's such a small fraction .
Each of those people will always have my eternal gratitude because the show would not be anywhere without them .
Wired.com :
You make the convention rounds , hitting shows like BlizzCon and Dragon Con .
What 's the general tenor of the moments you spend with your fans ?
Day : I think the difference about our fans is they feel more invested in our show .
Because we , basically , have been built on social networks getting the word out about the show .
Because we do n't have PR .
We do n't have marketing .
It 's all , basically , me behind the computer .
When you see an update on the Facebook page , its probably me or maybe a volunteer .
Everything is done grass - roots because we 're on web video budgets , so we can't afford to hire people to do stuff .
Sandeep Parikh , left , plays Zaboo , the character who initiates real - world contact with Codex ( Felicia Day , right ) in The Guild .
Wired.com :
What are your fans communicating to you when they meet face to face ?
Day : I hear a lot from women , " I love The Guild and I love that you have a geeky girl and that you 're representing that because that 's how I feel . "
And : " I 'm a girl gamer and I 've never seen girl gamers that are authentic before . "
I remember one guy at BlizzCon told me , " Thank you very much because now I tell my co-workers that I game without shame . "
He really genuinely said that and I was so touched , because when I created the show I was just writing organically about my experience .
I think that most people , if they were in Hollywood , they would never write something about a niche that would n't please everybody .
But the thing about the web is that you can make niche content and you can give a voice to people who would n't feel like they have everything in common with what the mainstream is giving them .
__Wired.com :__Do you meet would - be Zaboos — suitors who'd like a date ?
Day : I 've never felt uncomfortable .
I signed a woman 's boob once .
I hate to say that , but I did .
That made me feel a little , " eh . "
Sometimes you get really strange picture requests — like somebody wants you to step on them .
But other than that , I 've never really encountered somebody who really made me feel uncomfortable .
You do read some forum threads .
They do n't know that I 'm reading .
People think that they have the anonymity of the internet , but with Felicia Day , who has every resource and is a little bit of an internet addict , I will read what you write about me .
Sometimes it wounds and sometimes I 'm complimented .
It always keeps me humble .
See Also :
The Department of Defense has identified 4,325 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans on Thursday :
HASTINGS , Matthew D. , 23 , Specialist , Army ; Claremore , Okla . ; 13th Sustainment Command .
VANOSDOL , William Z. , 23 , Pfc. , Army ; Pinson , Ala. ; 172nd Support Battalion .
There would be no major changes in the 2010 Honda Accord .
Coupes and Sedans with four - cylinder and V6 - power and they would be available with a 177-190 horsepower , 4 - cylinder 2.4 - liter or a 271 - hp 3.5 - liter V6 .
The V6 will keep going with Honda ’s variable Cylinder Management cylinder deactivation and similarly sedans and Coupes will keep going with EX and EX - L trim levels .
Sedan will also be coming in entry - level LX and LX - P versions and similarly , an entry - level LX - S coupe will also be offered soon .
All these models will be available with the same 4 - cylinder engine .
EX and EX - L sedans have been powered with the V6 .
A 5 - speed automatic transmission will remain available across the board and similarly a 6 - speed manual transmission will remain available in V6 EX - L coupes .
ABS , antiskid system , curtain side airbags , traction control and front side airbags are some available safety features .
On EX - L models will be remain standard with leather seating , but would n’t be available otherwise .
Similarly , a navigation system would also be available .
Bohrer Brady Law is an accident and personal injury law firm located in Baton Rouge , LA .
Our team of personal injury attorneys are highly specialized and experienced in handling accident - related lawsuits .
If you are the victim of an accident , or if you have been injured by a dangerous product or taken advantage of by a corporation , you need representation who will fight for you .
The Baton Rouge attorneys at Bohrer Brady represent clients from across the nation , protecting your rights and ensuring justice prevails .
At Bohrer Brady , we know that you are in a tough situation .
We have the experience , resources and dedication to protect your interests and get you the compensation you deserve .
We are here to help .
Our attorneys are experienced and skilled at negotiating and litigating victim and consumer claims , including but not limited to the following practice areas :
Personal Injury Cases
Auto Accidents
Truck Accidents
Train Accidents
Drunk Driver Claims
Defective Products
Dangerous Drugs
Defective Medical Devices
Maritime Law
Consumer Claims
Class Action Lawsuits
Wage and Hour Claims
Employment Law
Se habla Español .
Residents in Patterson , New Jersey , would face imprisonment or fines if they are caught outside between the hours of midnight and 7 am although people travelling in cars would not be included .
Articles : Write ?
Write .
Sleep ?
Sleep .
Read ?
Read .
Do n’t fight it .
2009-09-16
Knowing I read a lot , someone recently asked how I balance learning and working .
When do you stop reading and get back to work ?
When do you stop working and go learn something new ?
Being self - employed and in control of my own schedule , I used to wrestle with this a lot .
I ’d be so thirsty to keep reading and learning , that I ’d feel bad I had n’t done any real work in weeks .
Other times I ’d just work , work , work for weeks without stopping to read some of the brilliant books I ’d already bought .
Then I realized something so obvious it ’s funny that I ’m writing it here :
Stop wrestling .
Do n’t fight it .
Go with it , either direction .
If you ’re excited to work , work .
Sneak out of bed at 4 am if your toes are tapping , and go do what ’s on your mind .
But if you ’re tired , do n’t fight it .
Sleep .
If you ’ve got writer ’s block , enjoy the silence while it lasts .
In another day , week , or month , you ’ll be so filled with things to say you ’ll be sneaking out of bed again .
Who knows why the brain is into different things at different times .
But we ’re so much more effective when we follow what our body wants to do , rather than trying to fight it .
Of course I ’m writing this as a reminder to myself , because today was one of those days where I wanted to do a bunch of programming , but I was at this computer for hours and did n’t get a damn thing done .
All I wanted to do was read on the couch .
So I shut the laptop and read for a few hours .
Which was just what I needed , and ended up inspiring the hell out of me , so that afterwards I jumped up and came back to programming , now more effectively .
Nokia will postpone the launch of its ' Comes with Music ' music subscription service in the U.S. to next year , according to reports .
Nokia launched the service , widely seen as a potential iTunes competitor , in the U.K. last year by bundling free unlimited music downloads with some of its handsets .
The first of Nokia ’s phones , the 5310 XpressMusic , featured the service .
Nokia would offer a year 's worth of music to its users free and charge users for it after that .
Customers were allowed to keep all the music they already downloaded .
If successful , Nokia could be in a position to challenge Apple 's iTunes hegemony in the music distribution business , said some analysts .
However , the service met with lukewarm reception in Europe .
In the U.K. only one carrier partnered with Nokia to offer the service .
The company 's problems with the service have been much greater in the U.S. Nokia stumbled in its launch of the 5800 XpressMusic phones after users complained of crippling connectivity problems with the device .
Nokia pulled the U.S. version of the phone off its shelves and offered the handsets a few days later after a fix .
The company is now reportedly rethinking its strategy for the music subscription service in the U.S.
Without subsidies from carriers such as AT&T and Verizon , American mobile phone users are unlikely to pay the high cost of handsets that are bundled with music .
Nokia will also have to simplify the Digital Rights Management ( DRM ) issues in the service that could potentially cripple how users listen to the music before it is introduced in the U.S .
See Also :
Photo : Nokia 5800 XpressMusic phone ( manu contreras / Flickr )
Formerly a Blog on BeautifulSoup , now a blog on R , Python and Statistical Algorithms including Machine Learning Algorithms
limousine hire quote 0800 002 9475
We have Hummer Limos , Pink Limos , Party Bus , Rolls Royce and Bentley Wedding Cars .
Our Limousine Chauffeurs has many years of experience in the service all with being CRB checked and trained to the appropriate licences needed of Limousine Hire for all types of occasion and events , offering a professional and planned out journey to suite your needs .
Being well established limo company and experienced in H2 Hummer Limousines , we also provide chauffer driven prestige vehicles such as Rolls Royce Phantom , and Bentley to anywhere in the UK .
Wedding Car Hire
Lux Limo has many wedding cars from 4 people to 16 seater limousine .
We have the Rolls Royce Phantom and Bentley Flying Spur for your wedding day or why not book it for your school prom night .
The Bentley can carry 4 people and its pure class for your wedding day .
We also offer the Hummer Limos in many colours which you can be book for your wedding day .
The Hummer for your wedding comes with drinks and bows .
No matter what your Religion or Faith we respect all customs , Lux Limo Specialise in Sikh Weddings , Muslim Weddings and Christian Wedding .
We cover the Milton Keynes , Coventry , Northampton , Birmingham and Luton area .
We can offer allday packages for our H2 Hummer Limousine for your special wedding day .
Please call our Customer Service
Team to get the best wedding package deals for your wedding car in the UK .
This is absolutely true , in the sense she intended : precedential decisions , by definition , make judicial policy .
They provide the basic principles that guide future rulings .
But both Sotomayor and her audience were acutely aware of how charged the word policy has become in matters concerning the judiciary — conservatives accuse liberal judges , not without truth , of trying to set national policy from the bench .
This accusation has become a rallying cry for those who believe that the Supreme Court justices should adhere strictly to the actual language and original intent of the Constitution , instead of coloring the law with their own modish theories to produce such social experiments as school desegregation , Miranda warnings , abortions on demand , and so forth .
The polite laughter that caught Richmond ’s ear was recognition by the law students that the judge had inadvertently stepped in a verbal cow pie .
She immediately recognized what she had done , expressed mock horror at being caught doing so on tape , and then pronounced a jocular and exaggerated mea culpa , like a scoring runner in a baseball game tiptoeing back out onto the diamond to touch a base that he might have missed .
Sotomayor went on to explain in very precise terms how and why decisions at the appellate level have broader intellectual implications than those at the lower level .
It is where , she said , “ the law is percolating . ”
Seen in their proper context , these comments would probably not strike anyone as noteworthy .
If anything , they showed how sensitive Sotomayor and everyone else in the room had become to fears of an “ activist court . ”
A look at the full “ Latina woman ” speech at Berkeley reveals another crucial misinterpretation .
To his credit , Richmond posted as much of the speech as copyright law allows , attempting to present the most important sentence in context .
But he still missed the point .
Sotomayor ’s argument was not that she sought to use her position to further minority interests , or that her gender and background made her superior to a white male .
Her central argument was that the sexual , racial , and ethnic makeup of the legal profession has in fact historically informed the application of law , despite the efforts of individual lawyers and judges to rise above their personal stories — as Sotomayor noted she labors to do .
Her comment about a “ wise Latina woman ” making a better judgment than a “ white male who has n’t lived that life ” referred specifically to cases involving racial and sexual discrimination .
“ Whether born from experience or inherent physiological or cultural differences … our gender and national origins may and will make a difference in our judging , ” she said .
This is not a remarkable insight , nor is it even arguable .
Consider , say , how an African - American Supreme Court justice might have viewed the Dred Scott case , or how a female judge — Sotomayor cited this in the speech — might have looked upon the argument , advanced to oppose women ’s suffrage , that females are “ not capable of reasoning or thinking logically . ”
The presence of blacks and women in the room inherently changes judicial deliberation .
She said that although white male judges have been admirably able on occasion to rise above cultural prejudices , the progress of racial minorities and women in the legal profession has directly coincided with greater judicial recognition of their rights .
Once again , her point was not that this progress was the result of deliberate judicial activism , but that it was a natural consequence of fuller minority and female participation .
Surviving the World A Photocomic Education by Dante Shepherd
Lesson # 94 - The Freshmen Fifteen , Part V
The beginning of the Freshmen Fifteen series can be found back here .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Have you done your homework yet ?
Come on , admit it , a monthly crossword puzzle , especially one by Justin Smith , is miles more enjoyable than doing all the odd problems at the end of the chapter .
Ask your classmates for help if you need it .
Bobo Lo , a former Australian diplomat in Moscow and the director of the China and Russia programs at the Center for European Reform , in London , has written the best analysis yet of one of the world 's more important bilateral relationships .
His close examination of Chinese - Russian relations -- sometimes mischaracterized by both countries as a " strategic partnership " -- lays bare the full force of China 's global strategy , the conundrum of Russia 's place in today 's world , and fundamental shortcomings in U.S. foreign policy .
China 's shift in strategic orientation from the Soviet Union to the United States is the most important geopolitical realignment of the last several decades .
And Beijing now enjoys not only excellent relations with Washington but also better relations with Moscow than does Washington .
Lo calls the Chinese - Russian relationship a " mutually beneficial partnership " and goes so far as to deem Moscow 's improved ties with Beijing " the greatest Russian foreign policy achievement of the post - Soviet period . "
Precisely such hyperbole drives the alarmism of many pundits , who believe that the United States faces a challenge from a Chinese - Russian alliance built on shared illiberal values .
But as
Lo himself argues , the twaddle about Russia being an energy superpower was dubious even before the price of oil fell by nearly $ 100 in 2008 .
Even more important ,
Lo points out that the Chinese - Russian relationship is imbalanced and fraught : the two countries harbor significant cultural prejudices about each other and have divergent interests that are likely to diverge even more in the future .
More accurately , the Chinese - Russian relationship is , as Lo puts it , an " axis of convenience " -- that is , an inherently limited partnership conditioned on its ability to advance both parties ' interests .
But even
Lo does not go far enough in his debunking of the Chinese - Russian alliance : he argues that it " is , for all its faults , one of the more convincing examples of positive - sum international relations today . "
This is doubtful .
The relationship may allow the Chinese to extract strategically important natural resources from Russia and extend their regional influence , but it affords the Russians little more than the pretense of a multipolar world in which Moscow enjoys a central role .
STRATEGIC MISTRUST
The year 2006 was the Year of Russia in China , and 2007 , the Year of China in Russia , with both states hosting a slew of exhibits , cultural programs , trade talks , and state visits .
At the opening ceremony in Moscow in March 2007 , Chinese President Hu Jintao remarked , " The Chinese National Exhibition in Russia is the largest - ever overseas display of Chinese culture and economic development . "
( It is worth noting that every year could be called the Year of China in the United States and that the U.S. consumer market is essentially one endless Chinese National Exhibition . )
By showcasing in Moscow 15,000 Chinese products from 30 industries -- machinery , aviation , ship building , information technology , home appliances -- Beijing sent the message that regardless of the substantial role the Soviet Union played in China 's post - 1949 industrialization , there is now a new ascendancy , with China enjoying the dominant position .
This , in fact , is a return to the historical paradigm -- China has generally set the agenda for relations between the two countries .
The Chinese - Russian relationship dates from the Russian conquest of Siberia in the seventeenth century .
The Russian empire , then not very rich , sought to trade with China , then the world 's wealthiest country .
The two empires also discovered a common but often rivalrous interest in crushing the Central Asian nomads , leaving China and Russia with a 2,700 - mile border , the world 's longest .
Since then , this shared border has shifted numerous times and served as a source of intermittent tension .
As recently as 1969 , the two countries clashed along the Ussuri River , which separates northeastern China from the Russian Far East , and Soviet leaders discussed retaliating with nuclear weapons if China launched a mass assault .
Now , as Lo writes , their relations are , in many ways , better than ever .
In June 2005 , both sides ratified a treaty settling their border disputes .
Cross - border business and tourism are brisk .
In 2006 , two million Russian tourists went to China and nearly one million Chinese visited Russia .
Still , as Lo subtly demonstrates , the Chinese - Russian " axis of convenience " is bedeviled by " pervasive mistrust " rooted in historical grievances , geopolitical competition , and structural factors .
Moreover , it is a secondary axis .
China and Russia talk about being strategic partners , but neither actually is central to the other 's concerns .
China 's indispensable partner is the United States ; Russia 's is Europe or , more specifically , Germany .
In 2007 , Chinese - Russian trade reached $ 48 billion , up from $ 5.7 billion in 1999 , making China Russia 's second - largest trading partner after the European Union .
But current Russian - EU trade exceeds $ 250 billion -- the lion 's share of it being between Russia and Germany -- and Chinese - U.S. trade exceeds $ 400 billion .
China and Russia , Lo demonstrates , " pay far more attention to the West than they do to each other . "
Their relationship is opportunistic .
As Lo puts it , the two giants " share neither a long - term vision of the world nor a common understanding of their respective places in it . "
In addition -- and this is the most important aspect of Lo's argument -- whatever opportunity does exist in the relationship , China is in a better position to exploit it .
China extracts considerable practical benefits in oil and weapons from Russia .
In return , Beijing flatters Moscow with rhetoric about their " strategic partnership " and coddles it by promoting the illusion of a multipolar world .
In many ways , the Chinese - Russian relationship today resembles that which first emerged in the seventeenth century : a rivalry for influence in Central Asia alongside attempts to expand bilateral commercial ties , with China in the catbird seat .
Lo politely calls this incongruity an " asymmetry . "
GIVING AWAY THE STORE
The profound asymmetry in Chinese - Russian relations is most visibly illustrated by the two countries ' roles in the Shanghai Cooperation Organization ( SCO ) , a six - member security group founded in 2001 , and by their energy and weapons trades .
So far , China has consistently resisted Moscow 's lobbying for building the SCO -- whose other members are the former Soviet states of Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan , and Uzbekistan -- into a quasi-military alliance that could counter NATO .
In addition , the SCO declined to publicly endorse Russia 's account of its August 2008 war with Georgia ( Moscow claimed that the Georgian army attacked first , an assertion implicitly recognized even by the U.S. ambassador to Russia ) .
China , it seems , is unwilling to impart any strategic significance to disputes in the Caucasus .
Meanwhile , using the SCO and business investments , China has been making economic inroads into Central Asia , a region that Russia has traditionally considered within its sphere of influence .
Chinese companies have been on a buying spree in recent years , making investments throughout Central Asia in minerals , energy , and other industries .
Beijing appears to have cracked even the difficult nut of Turkmenistan -- a pipeline now under construction is slated to run from the natural gas fields in Turkmenistan to Xinjiang , in western China .
To a large extent , it is Russia 's single - minded focus on pushing the United States out of Central Asia -- lobbying Kyrgyzstan , for example , to eject U.S. forces from a military base in Bishkek -- that has allowed China 's influence there to grow relatively unhindered .
And whereas the United States can scarcely hope to maintain a permanent presence in Central Asia , China can be counted on to stick around .
Lo is doubtful about the prospects of a major Chinese - Russian energy deal .
But in February 2009 , after his book had gone to press , the two governments signed a deal under which Rosneft , the largest Russian state - owned oil company , and Transneft , the Russian state - owned oil - pipeline monopoly , would get $ 25 billion from the China Development Bank in exchange for supplying China with 300,000 barrels of oil a day from 2011 to 2030 -- or a total of about 2.2 billion barrels .
Factoring in the interest payments the Russian companies will owe on the loan , the deal means that China will pay under $ 20 a barrel -- less than half the global price at the time of the deal and less than one - third the market price for future deliveries in 2017 .
This Chinese money is slated to underwrite the completion of an oil pipeline that will run from eastern Siberia to the Pacific Ocean , with an offshoot going to Daqing to serve the Chinese market .
The proposed pipeline would increase roughly to eight percent Russia 's share of China 's oil imports , up from four percent now .
Russian energy companies , laden with debt , lack the capital to build the pipeline by themselves or , for that matter , to drill for new hydrocarbons .
With a projected capacity of 600,000 barrels per day , the pipeline is expected to supply Japan with Russian oil , too -- provided enough is available .
Still , the $ 20 - a - barrel price borders on the shocking .
Considering the perhaps more advantageous energy deals that have been on the table with U.S. and European multinationals , Rosneft and Transeft 's deal with China looks like a giveaway .
It appears to be a consequence of the obsession many Russian officials have with denying the United States a strategic foothold in Russia 's energy sector at all costs -- even if one of those costs is opening themselves up to exploitation by the Chinese .
Energy is not even the most fruitful aspect of China 's relationship with Russia .
According to U.S. estimates , Russia supplies China with 95 percent of its military hardware , including Kilo- class submarines and Sovremenny - class destroyers .
So far , Russian officials have not viewed the buildup of the Chinese navy as a direct threat to Russia ; instead , they see it as a potential problem for Japan and the United States .
Also , the post - Soviet Russian military was long unable to afford weapons produced by domestic manufacturers , making arms exports a necessity .
Still , whatever benefits Russia gained by keeping its defense industry alive while waiting for better times , the benefits to China have been beyond compare .
After the Tiananmen Square crackdown in 1989 , many of the world 's largest arms merchants -- France , the United Kingdom , and the United States -- imposed an arms embargo on China .
As Russia moved to fill this gap , China began to reverse engineer weapons systems and pressure Russia to sell it not just the finished products but also the underlying manufacturing technology .
For reasons that have yet to be explained publicly , Russian arms sales to China have declined in recent years .
Nonetheless , China has the money and remains an eager customer for Russia 's blueprints .
According to Lo , the terms of Chinese - Russian trade " are becoming more unbalanced every year " -- so much so that he compares the role of Russia for China to that of Angola , China 's largest trading partner in Africa .
Russia will remain important as long as the weapons and fossil fuels keep flowing ( and no economically viable alternatives to hydrocarbons emerge ) .
Lo does not say so explicitly , but in an imagined multipolar world , Russia looks like a Chinese subsidiary .
China treats Russia with supreme tact , vehemently denying its own superiority -- a studious humility that only helps it maintain the upper hand .
WHAT KIND OF PARTNER ?
Lo quotes Yuri Fedorov , a Russian political analyst , who laments that Russia is " doomed to be a junior partner to everyone . "
In fact , it is China that has accepted the role of junior partner to the United States , and the payoff has been impressive .
It is a calculated position and part of China 's global strategy sometimes known as " peaceful rise , " a term first introduced by the Chinese leadership soon after the Tiananmen massacre .
One vital element of this strategy is for China to take advantage of its de facto strategic partnership with the United States while sometimes swallowing hard in the face of U.S. dominance .
China guards its sovereignty no less than does Russia , but , as Lo writes , China , contrary to Russia , " does not deem it necessary to contest Western [ i.e. , American ] interests and influence wherever it finds them . "
Nor does China view Russia as a strategic counterweight to the United States -- whereas Russia hopes to use China to balance against the United States .
Chinese leaders go out of their way to emphasize that China is still a developing country and that the United States will remain the sole global superpower for a long time to come .
It is a concession that leaves them ample room to pursue China 's interests , and so they see little point in paying the enormous costs of opposing the United States .
The second main element in China 's " peaceful rise " strategy is using Russia for all it is worth -- weapons , oil , or acquiescence in China 's expanding influence in Central Asia .
Under Vladimir Putin , Russia became more practical in its relations with China than it had been under Boris Yeltsin , in the 1990s .
Moscow has made sure to trade its support for China 's intransigent policies toward Taiwan , Tibet , and Xinjiang for Beijing 's endorsement of Russia 's heavy - handed approach to combating domestic instability in Chechnya and the North Caucasus .
But the deal remains uneven .
Moscow 's closer ties with Beijing , meanwhile , have not increased its leverage with Washington one iota .
By rejecting the role of junior partner to the United States , Russia has , perhaps unintentionally , become China 's junior partner -- an arrangement , furthermore , that will last only as long as it is convenient for Beijing .
Lo concludes , " China 's rise as the next global superpower threatens Russia , not with the military or demographic invasion many fear , but with progressive displacement to the periphery of international decision making . "
One should not forget China 's many vulnerabilities , nor Russia 's numerous foreign policy achievements over the last decade .
After the abject humiliation of the 1990s , the sovereignty of the Russian state has been restored -- no longer can foreign capitals dictate Russian policy or the appointments of government officials .
Russia 's annual GDP has soared from a low of $ 200 billion under Yeltsin to around $ 1.6 trillion today ( a turnabout in which China 's insatiable demand for global commodities and manufactures has played an enormous role ) .
Russia enjoys strong relations with France , Germany , and Italy and cultivates these bilateral ties in Europe in order to blunt the collective power of the EU .
Its European partners compete with one another for Moscow 's favor .
At the same time , Russia has -- from its point of view at least -- demonstrated anew its influence in the former Soviet republics .
But despite its revival , Russia , in contrast to China , remains unable to figure out how to benefit from the immovable fact of U.S. power and wealth .
Under the Obama administration , the United States has stopped -- for the time being -- approaching Russia as a state to be reformed or disciplined .
But a softening in tone cannot make up for the fact that the U.S. - Russian relationship lacks the kind of deep commercial basis that undergirds U.S. - Chinese ties .
Although an interest in both Russia and the United States in renewed arms control negotiations may help restart bilateral relations , such gestures are no substitute for the kind of economic interdependence Washington has with Beijing .
The ultimate stumbling block between Russia and the United States -- and what differentiates China from Russia from the United States ' perspective -- is the clash over influence in the former Soviet republics .
Two factors have led to this clash .
The first is that Moscow has lost its empire yet will not relinquish its assertion of " privileged interests " in Georgia , Ukraine , and the other former Soviet republics .
Russia 's influence in the former Soviet territories -- which remained strong even during Russia 's perceived weakness in the 1990s -- has only grown .
This reality , moreover , is an outgrowth not of military occupation or of Russia 's clumsy bullying but of mutual interests forged through economic ties .
The second factor is that the United States will not cease to view these lands in terms of promoting or defending democracy , even under the Obama administration 's more pragmatic foreign policy .
Compare , for example , the relatively small role Tibet plays in U.S. - Chinese relations with the disproportionate hold that now - independent countries such as Georgia or Ukraine have on U.S. - Russian relations .
For Washington to appear to abandon the nominal democracies living in Russia 's shadow for the sake of more constructive relations with Russia is politically impossible .
No matter how badly those countries misgovern themselves or provoke Russia , a withdrawal of U.S. support would be an abandonment of one of the central tenets of U.S. policy toward the region since the end of the Cold War .
The upshot is that Russia and the United States are left with something of a paradox .
Although Washington can refuse to defer to Russia 's claim of " privileged interests " in the former Soviet states , it cannot undo the fact that such a Russian sphere of influence does exist , extending to property ownership , business and intelligence ties , television programming , and the Internet .
Moscow , meanwhile , cannot hope to both claim its interests in its neighbors and emulate China 's approach of accepting the role of junior partner to the United States for practical benefit .
This suggests that " the new geopolitics "
Lo promises to illuminate are not so new , after all .
As Russia pursues the chimera of a multipolar world , the United States pursues the delusion of nearly limitless NATO expansion .
And in the process , both unwittingly conspire to put Russia in China 's pocket .
THE TRIANGLE TIPS OVER
Lo 's book inspires three broad observations .
First , although Russia has been known as the world power that straddles Asia and Europe , today it is China that has emerged as the force to be reckoned with on both continents .
Russia 's Pacific coast serves not as a gateway to Asia -- as San Francisco and Los Angeles do in the United States -- but as a natural geographic limit .
At the same time , China , as the dominant power in East Asia , denies Russia a significant say in the region .
Russia 's failure to become an East Asian power over the past several centuries is amplified by emigration from Russia 's Far East , where the population has shrunk from a peak of around ten million in the Soviet period to around 6.5 million today .
Meanwhile , the population of China 's three northeastern provinces directly across the Russian border is estimated at 108 million and growing .
As Dmitry Rogozin , now Russia 's ambassador to NATO , quipped on Russian radio in 2005 , the Chinese are crossing the border " in small groups of five million . "
Actually , as Lo indicates , the number of Chinese residents in Russia -- mostly laborers and petty traders -- is probably only between 200,000 and 400,000 .
Yet Rogozin 's quote reflects domestic anxieties about Russia 's weak footprint in Asia , a problem for which Russia has no discernible strategy .
And on Russia 's western border , China 's relations with Europe are at least good as Russia's .
In other words , Russia 's bluff of maintaining an influential presence in Asia is becoming an ever more pronounced strategic weakness .
Second , not only has China shifted its strategic alliance from the Soviet Union to the United States ; it has learned how to have its cake and eat it , too .
China manages to preserve relations with its Cold War patron , Russia , while hitching its growth to the world 's current hegemon , the United States .
From 1949 until the Sino - Soviet split in the 1960s , China was an eager junior partner to the Soviet Union , slavishly imitating the Stalinist developmental model .
In 1972 , the courting of Mao Zedong by Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger opened up a global option for China that Mao 's successors would later exploit .
Under Deng Xiaoping , who in 1979 became the first Chinese Communist leader to visit the United States , China began to forge its de facto strategic alliance with the United States .
Then , under Jiang Zemin , a post - 1991 rapprochement with Russia became a major additional instrument for Beijing .
It is as if China went to the prom with one partner , Russia , went home with another , the United States , and then married the latter while wooing its jilted original date as a mistress .
Third , although the Soviet Union ultimately capitulated to the United States in the Cold War , Russia today does not feel compelled to similarly bow down to the United States .
Such a proud stance may not offer many rewards for Russia , but it does confront the United States with some difficult policy questions .
Simply put , if Moscow 's fantasy is multipolarity , Washington 's own delusion has been the near - limitless expansion of NATO .
That game , however , is exhausted .
For years , the cogent argument against continued NATO expansion was not that it would anger the Russians -- after the Soviet collapse , the Russians were going to emerge angry regardless .
Rather , the problem was that the bigger NATO became , the weaker it got .
Poland agreed to install Patriot missile interceptors -- a U.S. and not a NATO missile defense system -- only because the United States provided Poland , a member of NATO , with a security guarantee above and beyond that offered by the NATO charter .
What , then , is NATO for ?
Russia will never join , and for all its historic achievements , NATO is not up to solving the contemporary security dilemmas of Europe , such as those linked to energy , migration , and terrorism .
Russia has recovered from its moment of post - Soviet weakness but nonetheless remains a regional power that acts like a global superpower .
China , on the other hand , has been transformed into a global superpower but still mostly acts like a regional power .
Meanwhile , the United States is still busy trying to consolidate its triumph in the Cold War 18 years on .
Recently , many people in Russia and the United States have begun to speak of a " new Cold War . "
This idea , however , is doubly wrong -- wrong because Russia , a regional power , cannot hope to mount a global challenge to the United States , and wrong because the old Cold War tilting never went away , with the battleground merely having been downsized , shifting from the whole globe to Kiev and Tbilisi .
There are domestic advantages for the Russian regime in continuing to talk of a new Cold War .
But what does a preoccupation with the supposed Russian menace do for the United States ?
And alternatively , what would the United States gain from resetting U.S. - Russian relations ?
At the moment , the most important U.S. policy questions are domestic , not foreign , and Russia will be of little help in solving them .
Russia has no role to play in reforming the U.S. health - care system -- whose cost structure is the single greatest threat to U.S. power and prosperity -- nor can it help fix the crumbling U.S. retirement system .
If the United States were to imitate China and indulge Russia in its fantasy about its own global relevance , it would not realize the same kind of concrete benefits the Chinese get .
On the international front , although many in Washington see Moscow as Tehran 's main backer -- even though China has deeper commercial ties to Iran -- Russia does not have the leverage over Iran to forestall the development of that country 's nuclear weapons program .
The overall importance of Russia for the United States , then , is widely exaggerated .
There is one crucial exception , however , an area in which Russia 's power has not depreciated : in Europe , Russia remains a dominant force , and its strategic weight in the region is reason alone for the United States to pursue better bilateral relations .
During the Crimean War of 1853 - 56 , Lord Palmerston , the British prime minister , fantasized that " the best and most effectual security for the future peace of Europe would be the severance from Russia of some of the frontier territories acquired by her in later times , Georgia , Circassia , the Crimea , Bessarabia , Poland and Finland .
. . .
She would still remain an enormous power , but far less advantageously posted for aggression on her neighbors . "
This flight of imagination has since become reality , and then some .
But still , Russia remains a regional force .
Indulging the claims that Russia 's recent revival is solely attributable to oil -- a code word for " luck " -- or that Russia 's demographic problems will make the country essentially vanish cannot alter the fact that enduring security in Europe cannot be had without Russia 's cooperation or in opposition to Russia .
An expanded NATO , meanwhile , is not providing the enduring security it once promised .
It is only a matter of time before a crisis , perhaps on the territory of a former Soviet republic and now NATO member , exposes NATO 's mutual defense pact as wholly inoperative .
There is another reason the United States should care about Russia : because China does .
As Lo writes , " China will become steadily ( if cautiously ) more assertive , initially in East Asia and Central Asia , but eventually across much of Eurasia . "
In other words , even under a strategy of a peaceful rise , China will increasingly force the United States to accommodate Chinese power .
China 's development of a blue - water navy recalls the rise of the German navy in the years before World War I , a process that unnerved the United Kingdom , then the world 's great power .
It seems that China is already trying to recalibrate the balance of power in East Asia , as evidenced by its harassment of the Impeccable , a U.S. Navy surveillance ship , in the South China Sea in March 2009 .
In the event of a crisis , China does not want its thoroughly globalized economy to be vulnerable to a blockade by either the Japanese navy or the U.S. Navy , and it likely envisions being able to hinder U.S. access to the Taiwan Strait .
Meanwhile , China is counting on the Russian navy 's not rising again in East Asia and on continued strained ties between Japan and Russia over the disputed Kuril Islands , a few rocks in the Pacific Ocean .
In the end , there can be no resetting of U.S. - Russian relations without a transcending of NATO and the establishment of a new security architecture in Europe .
And without such a genuine reset , China will retain the upper hand , not only in its bilateral relationship with Russia but also in the strategic triangle comprising China , Russia , and the United States .
Celebrity disc jockey and Los Angeles club owner Adam Goldstein -- better known by his professional alias , DJ AM -- died of an overdose of cocaine and prescription drugs , the New York City medical examiner ruled Tuesday .
“ The cause of death was accidental drug overdose due to the combined effects of cocaine , Vicodin , oxycodone , Ativan , Klonopin , Xanax , Benadryl and levamisole , ” said Ellen Borakove , a spokeswoman for the New York medical examiner .
Levamisole is a medication drug dealers cut cocaine with before selling it on the street .
Goldstein , 36 , was arguably the most celebrated mash - up DJ to work the turntables this decade .
An electrifying live performer , adroit remixer and fixture on the A - list party circuit , he was once engaged to reality TV star Nicole Richie and co-owned the Hollywood club LAX .
Police discovered Goldstein barricaded inside the bedroom of his downtown Manhattan apartment on Aug. 28 .
He was face down on his bed ; a crack pipe and prescription drugs were found near his body , law enforcement sources said .
The disc jockey ’s death occurred almost a year after a fiery Learjet crash on the runway of a South Carolina airport that left Goldstein covered with second - and third - degree burns and claimed the lives of two other passengers and two pilots .
Blink - 182 drummer Travis Barker , the DJ ’s collaborator in the group TRV$ DJAM , also survived the crash .
Advertisement
According to a number of people close to Goldstein -- a former drug addict with a decade of sobriety behind him at the time of the crash -- he was troubled by post - traumatic stress disorder and feelings of survivor ’s guilt after the accident .
They said Goldstein ’s conflicted emotional reaction to the tragedy might have compelled him to return to the addictive behavior that claimed his life .
“ Without the plane crash , we ’d still be enjoying his musical talents , ” Goldstein ’s lawyer William McNicholas told People magazine .
“ He lived with the trauma every day . ”
Hollywood - based glam rap star Mickey Avalon knew DJ AM for 15 years and recalled his perceptions of his friend after the plane crash . " [ All ]
I know at that time is that it shook him up badly and it was hard for him to express what happened in his own words , ” Avalon said in an e-mail to The Times .
“ From experience , depression is one of the hardest things to avoid when dealing with a death of someone close to you or perhaps faced with your own mortality . ”
Avalon , whose sister and father died because of problems arising from their drug addictions , speculated about Goldstein ’s state of mind while relapsing : “ The shame and guilt of picking up after 10 years of sobriety must have been unbearable . ”
Advertisement
At a news conference in July , the DJ spoke about “ Gone Too Far , ” a reality series for MTV in which he helps the loved ones of addicts stage drug interventions to help them kick their habit .
Goldstein candidly addressed his years of addiction , calling himself a “ crackhead ” and a “ slobby drunk , ” and also related how in 1998 he attempted to kill himself ; AM put a . 22 - caliber pistol in his mouth and pulled the trigger but survived because the gun jammed .
Goldstein said that cocaine made him “ incredibly paranoid ” and that he made efforts to avoid people on the drug .
“ I have an allergic reaction to drugs and alcohol , ” DJ AM said .
“ That ’s the way I look at it .
. . .
I end up doing dumb something .
It hits me different . ”
An MTV spokesperson said “ a decision has not been made yet ” about whether to air “ Gone Too Far . ”
Advertisement
--
chris.lee@latimes.com
We pulled a bunch of green tomatoes from my dads garden because they were getting bugs in them and after a few days some were ripening faster and i thought it would be neat to line them up and it turned out to be a pretty sweet picture .
I also played with it a little in GIMP ( basically free photoshop ) and got some cool color effects
Obviously our vocabulary continues to grow and expand even in adulthood .
Ten years ago , the word ‘ blog ' did not yet exist but it 's difficult to remember when we heard this word for the first time or when we learned its meaning .
At some stage new words become just as familiar to us as words we have learned earlier and one of the areas of interest in the Academy of Finland 's Neuroscience Research Programme ( NEURO ) is how the process of learning new words is reflected in the function of the brain .
The new research evidence emerging about how the brain processes language and its different levels has important application among other things in the development of language teaching .
In one of the experiments conducted in the NEURO programme , participants learned the name and / or purpose of 150 ancient tools .
They had never heard these words before .
The subjects ' brain function was measured by means of magnetoencelography during the naming of the tools , both before and after the learning period .
The results show that the brain uses the same neural networks to process both familiar and newly learned words .
The names of objects were processed in the left temporal and frontal lobe within half a second of showing the image of the tool to the subject .
" If the subject had only recently learned the name of the tool , the the naming process induced an activation that was just as strong or stronger than the activation induced by the image of a familiar object , " says Academy Professor Riitta Salmelin , HUT Low Temperature Laboratory , who is in charge of the research .
According to Salmelin the learning of the meaning of ancient tools did not cause corresponding clear differences in the function of the brain .
In other words , it seems that the processing of meanings in the brain differs essentially from the processing of names .
On the other hand , the performance results indicated that new definitions were learned even faster than new names .
How are learned words retained ?
The research team are now working on a follow - up study to explore the retention of learned words .
Is it possible to detect in brain activation some specific phenomenon that predicts good retention of learned knowledge up to several months after learning ?
" We are also conducting a separate series of experiments to find out how our brain learns phonetic structures and , on the other hand , how the brain learns to identify letter combinations that are typical of a certain language , " Riitta Salmelin explains .
Another area of interest in the ongoing study is the role of grammar in language learning .
The focus here is to explore how the brain learns to use the vocabulary and grammatical structure of an experimental miniature language .
The research project is a joint undertaking of the HUT Low Temperature Laboratory , the Department of Psychology at Åbo Akademi University and the University of Helsinki Department of Psychology .
Results from the project have recently been published in Human Brain Mapp ; 30 : 976-989 ( Hultén et al . )
Yeah , we 've all heard about the blonde who could n't call 911 because there was n't an " 11 " button on her phone .
The one who took her scarf back to the store because it was too tight .
The one who hates eating M&Ms because they 're so damn hard to peel .
The new HEB at Buffalo Speedway has heard about those blondes , too , apparently .
And they 've decided to take advantage .
( Look again at the savings . )
We assume the HEB has labeled Cheerios as " donut seeds , " just to keep the stereotype going .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
In this adaptation from his new book , Trade - Off : Why Some Things Catch On , and Others Don't ( Broadway Books ) , author Kevin Maney explains the tension between two key qualities and how a great brand got caught in a no - man 's - land between them .
We constantly , in our everyday lives , make trade - offs between fidelity and convenience .
Those trade - offs , and how they affect business , help explain why Starbucks ( SBUX , Fortune 500 ) hit a wall in 2007 -- and why CEO Howard Schultz is still struggling to get his company 's mojo back .
Fidelity is the total experience of something .
At a rock concert , for example , it 's not just the quality of the sound , which often is n't as good as listening to a CD on a home stereo , but also everything else going on , like the crowd around you and the social cache of later telling people you saw the band live .
Convenience is how easy it is to get what you want .
That includes whether it 's readily available , whether it 's easy to do or use , and how much it costs .
If something is less expensive , it 's naturally more convenient because it 's easier for more people to get it .
Consumers are willing to give up convenience for great fidelity , or ditch fidelity for great convenience .
But anything that offers just so - so fidelity and so - so convenience falls into a no - man 's - land of consumer apathy that I call the fidelity belly .
That 's where music CDs , newspapers , and desktop Windows - based PCs find themselves today .
Remarkably , the most successful products and services tend to be either high in fidelity or high in convenience -- one or the other , but not both .
In fact , products attempting to be both typically end up with a confused brand , like if McDonald 's ( MCD , Fortune 500 ) tried to do gourmet meals .
This impossible place of both fidelity and convenience is something I call the fidelity mirage .
And Starbucks chased it big - time .
After a decade of stupendous success , Starbucks ran into trouble in 2007 .
Fewer people were coming into its stores .
Profits sank .
The stock dropped by nearly half through the year .
In early 2008 , Howard Schultz , who'd built the coffee chain into a global phenomenon , took back the CEO job he 'd relinquished eight years before .
Almost everything he said about what went wrong points to one simple explanation : Starbucks chased the fidelity mirage .
Starbucks , during its heyday , was about fidelity .
Schultz had become enamored with the coffee business while selling Swedish - designed kitchen equipment .
That led him to visit Starbucks when it was a tiny specialty coffee bean roaster in Seattle .
He signed on as an employee , went to Milan on a business trip , and discovered Italian espresso bars with their rich brews , overwhelming aroma , elegant traditions and neighborhood camaraderie .
It all gelled into an epiphany for Schultz : " If [ Starbucks ] could re-create in America the authentic Italian coffee - bar culture , it might resonate with other Americans the way it did with me , " Schultz wrote in his autobiography , Pour Your Heart Into It .
" Starbucks could be a great experience , and not just a great retail store . "
Schultz bought Starbucks from its founders in 1987 .
If you look back on what he was thinking in those early days , you can see that it was all about creating a high - fidelity experience that was greater than just the coffee .
He wanted Starbucks stores to have " a taste of romance " and be " an oasis -- a small escape during a day when so many other things are beating you down , " Schultz recalled .
And the products Starbucks served ?
While Schultz always believed that the coffee had to be special , that was probably the least of Starbucks ' attraction .
Starbucks ' other beverages and the rituals they spawned -- the ordering of half - caf skinny double lattes -- were at first intriguing and luxurious .
Eventually they became a cultural touchstone .
Once Starbucks arrived on the scene , it suddenly seemed boring to walk into a deli or a Dunkin ' Donuts and just order coffee with cream and sugar .
When it was fresh and new in the world 's consciousness , Starbucks had a special aura .
The green label on a cardboard cup made the coffee it held seem better .
Holding that Starbucks coffee cup , being seen in a Starbucks , and being enough of a regular that you knew your favorite complex beverage combination off the top of your head conferred a bit of identity .
And for all of this , Starbucks charged premium prices .
As coffee goes , there was essentially nothing convenient about Starbucks .
You had to travel to find one ( in the early days ) , wait in line , and pay exorbitant prices for a product you could make at home or in the office for relatively nothing .
But that did n't matter .
Schultz had put together everything needed to create a high - fidelity experience .
Few businesses executed high fidelity in their product so well .
And that is why the Starbucks brand exploded onto the scene in the late 1990s .
Schultz then did what any ambitious CEO would be driven to do :
He took full advantage of the love shown Starbucks and launched aggressive expansion plans .
If you build fidelity , the temptation is to then pursue growth .
But that behavior can lead to the very thing that can kill a high fidelity brand : familiarity .
Which is exactly what happened to Starbucks .
As economist and author Tyler Cowen told me : " Once Starbucks became ordinary , it was committing suicide . "
Starbucks carpet - bombed the world with its franchises .
The satirical newspaper The Onion published a headline : " New Starbucks Opens in Restroom of Existing Starbucks . "
Schultz retired as CEO in 2000 ( though he remained as chairman ) and the next two CEOs pushed expansion plans even harder , while extending the Starbucks brand to include ice cream , packaged beverages , and a record label .
In 1998 , the world was populated with 1,886 Starbucks stores .
Ten years later , there were 16,226 .
Schultz blessed it all , convinced that Starbucks could be everywhere and still be special .
Seen through the fidelity / convenience trade off , Schultz and his successors started Starbucks with high fidelity .
But their expansion plans went in the opposite direction , toward high convenience .
Essentially , they believed Starbucks could be both at the same time .
They wanted Starbucks to be available at every moment , everywhere .
At the same time , they wanted Starbucks to be a unique , a feel - good experience that conferred upon its customers a sense of identity .
Starbucks wanted to be loved AND needed .
And that is a nearly impossible task .
Convenience acts like anti-matter to fidelity .
The more convenient something becomes -- the easier it is to get -- the more its aura dissipates .
The more convenient something becomes , the less that item identifies its owner as someone unique and special .
For Starbucks , excessive convenience dragged down the brand and made it commonplace .
On the flip side , Starbucks could not achieve genuine convenience while attempting to hold onto its sense of fidelity .
The prices of Starbucks ' products were too high , and Starbucks had another convenience problem : lines .
Making fancy customized drinks like frappuccinos tied up the baristas , causing back - ups .
Customers realized that if they were looking for a quick , good - enough cup of coffee , it was easier to go to McDonald 's or 7 - Eleven , and save a few bucks .
Starbucks ' customers reacted predictably .
Despite more Starbucks around than ever before , people started veering away .
In 2007 , same - store traffic slipped for the first time in Starbucks ' history .
People looking for convenience saw less reason to pay Starbucks ' prices .
People looking for aura and identity turned back to smaller chains or independent local coffee shops .
In mid 2008 , Dale Roberts , owner of the independent Java Shack in Arlington , Va. , reported that his sales were growing by double digits while Starbucks stumbled .
" I think there is a surge of people wanting to go back and feel at home with coffee , " he told the Washington Post .
Most people know this feeling instinctively .
When anything -- a brand , a rock band , a style of clothing -- becomes popular with a huge mass market , the cool people increasingly find it uncool , and look for something new .
In February 2007 , Schultz could see what was happening to his company .
He wrote a memo to then - CEO Jim Donald , deploring " the watering down of the Starbucks experience " and " the commoditization of our brand . "
In January 2008 , Schultz booted Donald out and took back the CEO position .
He immediately began reaching backward , toward Starbucks ' high - fidelity core .
He told CNBC's Maria Bartiromo that Starbucks would " go back to our roots and reaffirm our leadership position as the world 's highest - quality purveyor of specialty coffee . "
Schultz added : " It reminds me of the old days when our company was very creative , very entrepreneurial , and we were fighting for survival and respect . "
Schultz got a lot of media attention for two dramatic moves .
First , he shut down 7,000 Starbucks stores for three hours so 135,000 baristas could learn how to correctly make a Starbucks espresso .
( Whether they really needed to get that training or not , the move sent a message to the public that Starbucks was serious about quality . )
Second , Schultz announced that 600 Starbucks outlets in the United States would close .
Though that 's only about 5 % of the total -- and Starbucks had plans to open 350 new stores in different locations -- the move marked the first time Starbucks backed away from its drive for convenience .
This year , Starbucks got so desperate to win back its premium position , it started opening " stealth " stores -- Starbucks - owned stores minus the Starbucks name , meant to mimic small , independent , high - fidelity coffee shops .
Will Schultz be able to help Starbucks regain its luster ?
It could be tough .
As economist Cowen points out , for a brand like Starbucks , familiarity and ubiquity are deadly .
The aura and identity Starbucks once had is gone for most Americans .
It does n't mean people will stop going to Starbucks .
But it does mean people will be less inclined to seek out Starbucks .
Coffee purveyors that are more convenient ( like McDonald 's or 7 - Eleven ) or are perceived as higher fidelity ( independent coffee shops or smaller chains ) will have an easier time competing against Starbucks than they used to .
-- Adapted from Trade - Off : Why Some Things Catch On , and Others Don't , by Kevin Maney , published this month by Broadway Books .
Copyright 2009 by Kevin Maney .
A few weeks ago , Jeff Rense 's on - line ' clock of doom ' on his rense.com home page was set at almost midnight .
It is a stark reminder of where we are right now .
Then , a few days ago , Larry Flint wrote in the Huffington Post , calling for a one - day General Strike throughout the US to let those in Washington and New York know we are all fed up with the lies , and deceit , and the out - of - control white - collar crime that passes for government .
He is right !
However , only one day is not enough for the massive troubles we are in right now .
It would be ignored .
We want to call for a week - long NATIONWIDE GENERAL STRIKE .
The French have a history of doing this , and they get results .
Get enough food to last for a week or more .
Shop at your local organic Farmers Market .
Fill up your tank , if you have a vehicle .
Go home , be with your family and friends .
Make this a time of love and connection .
Make this a time of true peace in our collective hearts !
Bury any superficial differences , because we all belong to the human family .
If all we humans can do is harm each other and be angry ( and we have every right to be ! ) , then we have learned nothing about the higher , collective COMMON GOOD !
We must rise to the occasion that these trying times require !
Love !
Caring !
Justice !
Peace !
These must be our priorities !
1 . PLEASE NOTE - We are URGING THAT THIS BE A PEACEFUL STRIKE !
This is to put on notice those who are supposedly " in charge . "
They are deliberately wrecking our country for some insane global police state , in violation of ALL our own sovereign national laws : 1 . The system is broken !
No checks and balances remain .
Our redress of grievances has been continuously IGNORED BY CONGRESS AND OTHER PUBLIC OFFICIALS .
2 . NO TAXATION WITHOUT REPRESENTATION
Don't spend inflated money on anything that requires paying local , state , or federal taxes .
They have stolen far too much of our money already .
Why should our trillions of hard - earned taxpayer dollars continue to be stolen and be going to CEOs to buy them mansions and other perks , when there are almost 7 - million Americans out of work ?
Millions of our dollars also have disappeared into some deep , black hole .
Not one official has yet to be held accountable .
The off - the - scale financial debacle , that is on going , has been deliberately created to destroy our national sovereignty for a global NWO police state .
This violates all our own national laws .
3 . CONGRESS MUST HOLD THE FEDERAL RESERVE ACCOUNTABLE
Are there any Congress persons left who are not working for the corporations ?
Who have n't been bought off or blackmailed ?
Is everyone in the beltway corrupt ?
However , there is a far bigger picture :
We need another kind of honest , transparent , national banking system that does not steal our money .
The current system is totally flawed .
The US is de facto bankrupt .
It only enriches an elite private banking cabal , while millions of us are losing our homes and jobs .
We need a real national , NOT A PRIVATE , banking systemwhere our money is n't stolen and going to banksters and fraudsters .
There are enough real economists ( for example , Nouriel Roubini , Ellen Brown , and Bob Chapman ) who can really help fix this deliberately broken financial system .
4 . WE WANT A COMPLETE CESSATION OF THE US GOVERNMENT'S ILLEGAL THREAT TO CITIZENS BEING FORCED TO TAKE POISONOUS , UNTESTED FLU VACCINES ... that will bring harm to millions of us [ and others around the world ] ; or , if we refuse these poisons , to be abducted by force to FEMA prison camps and our homes and belongings confiscated .
This is all unconstitutional and is heinous in the extreme .
Pharmaceutical corporations will make millions of dollars at our expense .
They are to all be indemnified by the government .
So , if anyone is disabled or dies from these poisoned vaccines , there is no accountability !
This is another theme - and - variation on the toxic swine flu vaccine of 1976 that had to be removed because people died from it .
The vaccines being used this summer ( basically , untested until now ) are not even the same ones planned for this coming Fall .
Many doctors both here and in Europe are sending out numerous media warnings about these dangerous vaccine ingredients .
We do not have any informed consent !
We are all experimental lab rats , or worse , for this massive criminality that will endanger all of us !
We are all expendable for their corporate profits .
5 . WE DEMAND A RETURN TO OUR CONSTITUTIONAL LAWS AND THE BILL OF RIGHTS
No military build - up on US soil for lies and deceit .
No more threats and illegal plans of militarization of " health " for more lies and deceit .
No more scare tactics and threatening Martial Law for more NWO lies and deceit .
No unfounded , false - flag threats of an unsubstantiated flu " pandemic . "
The seasonal flu is mild [ unless more secret bio- weaponization is planned to do us more harm ] ; H1N1 [ a strain of 5 different kinds of influenza that was created in some secret lab ] is not natural .
Shut down bio - weapons labs that pose a dramatic threat to our well - being and safety .
Repeal Patriots 1 and 2 Acts and all other related - and - unconstitutional " laws " that have taken away our rights to privacy and freedom over the last nine years .
6 . THE DOD , MILITARY , AND COMMERCIAL PLANES MUST CEASE AND DESIST IMMEDIATELY USING ALL CLANDESTINE , OVERHEAD WEATHER MODIFICATION AND HIGHLY TOXIC CHEMTRAIL AEROSOL AND HAARP PROGRAMS THAT ARE WRECKING OUR HEALTH AND THE ENTIRE WEB OF LIFE ON OUR PLANET .
THESE ARE ALL ILLEGAL AND HAVE BROUGHT GREAT HARM TO BILLIONS OF PEOPLE .
WE DEMAND A CESSATION OF ALL SECRET PROJECTS THAT HAVE BROUGHT HARM TO ALL LIVING BEINGS AND THE NATURAL CYCLES OF NATURE ­ about which we know very little .
The military does not value any human life [ not even the lives of our own soldiers who are on - going , expendable vaccine guinea pigs ] or any other kind of living creatures , otherwise they could not plan to " take " ( read : KILL ) millions of sea mammals and other sea creatures over the next few years !
NO , to the planned military bombing of the moon !
For WHAT ?
7 . OBAMA MUST SHOW US HIS REAL BIRTH CERTIFICATE AND GRADES
Why are they sealed now ?
Any other US citizen has to show these things for a job .
Tell the truth .
Transparency and accountability also include the highest office in the United States .
8 . INCORPORATE THE PRECAUTIONARY PRINCIPLE
First , do NO HARM in all areas of government and corporate plans where there is any uncertainty .
We must no longer allow harm to come to us or our planet for governmental collusion and corporate greed .
Precautionary , ethical conduct must prevail .
Life is sacred ; and we have an ethical responsibility to be good planetary stewards .
We have a responsibility to leave things in better condition that they way we found them !
We have a responsibility to our children .
They are our dearest , most special family members .
They rely on us !
They need our love and carenot forced , poisonous shots !
I want my own children , my precious grandchildren , and all those whom I love , and all those other members of our larger family of humanity , WE WANT EVERYONE TO BE SAFE AND FREE from any deliberately planned Military , or Corporate , or Governmental harm !
Theirs is based on violence , war , and destruction .
No more illegal wars !
No more invading other countries illegally .
We need to restore our beneficial social programs as the highest priority for our country .
We do not need ( we cannot afford ) to have the military budget take 2/3 of fiscal spending to do grave harm around the planet .
This picture in which we are living out our daily lives IS ALL WRONG !
Freedom is not free .
Freedom requires our citizen vigilance and attentiveness .
Citizenship requires education .
THIS FRIDAY , AUGUST 28 , 2009 , WE ARE CALLING FOR A NATIONWIDE GENERAL STRIKE THAT IS PEACEFUL .
IT IS IN THE HISTORIC AND PEACEFUL PATH OF MAHATMA GANDHI AND MARTIN LUTHER KING .
WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH !
WE ARE WITHIN OUR RIGHTS FROM OUR OWN CONSTITUTIONAL LAWS AND INTERNATIONAL HUMAN RIGHTS TO HAVE THESE GRIEVANCES ADDRESSED !
ALL THESE ILLEGAL AND IMMORAL OPERATIONS THAT ARE HARMING ALL OF US MUST CEASE IMMEDIATELY !
The Internet is a great way to get this news out ASAP !
It is far easier than what Paul Revere had to do on horseback .
PLEASE SHARE THIS WIDELY AND PASS IT ON !
We can do this !
We can come together in Peace and Harmony !
Otherwise , there is no future for anyone .
We , the people , must restore Truth , Accountability , Liberty , and Justice for All .
by Al Martin
Detroit : The Post - Apocalyptic Future of American Cities ?
( 7-6-09 ) Here ’s a glimpse of a Turn Key Approach to Urban Wasteland Management ™.
Last week I had a chance to talk to a friend who just got back from Detroit and boy did he get an eyeful of America ’s Future .
After listening to him describe Detroit , it ’s obvious that it has all fallen apart .
First of all , there ’s very little civil authority or regular civil government remaining and in operation .
Almost everything has been turned over to these so - called Private Management Companies .
And this is how it ’s being done .
They block out areas , in which 80 % or more of the houses have been foreclosed on , which happens to be almost the entire city and county .
They have selectively begun to bulldoze the properties which have been foreclosed on .
The rest have been boarded up .
Then they have turned over management of these 100 block area to private companies which have become defacto governments .
They have the literal authority of “ governments ” and they ’re paid a flat fee from the city , county or state to “ manage , ” as they say , a square block of this urban wasteland .
These Private Management Companies sell themselves as residual property management firms .
Most of these companies , as it turns out , are in fact off - shore subsidiaries of Private Military Contractors ( PMCs ) .
They provide a catchall service .
In other words , they regulate how much electrical power and natural gas flows through these areas .
They also act as police force , and they act as management for local civil government .
However this Urban Wasteland Management has been pretty efficient .
They want to protect what remaining wealthy areas that still exist , like Bloomfield Hills .
These companies come in and effectively build large barbed wire fences , around these mostly abandoned square block areas .
Some people are still living in them , by the way , even though most of them are boarded up because they ’re no longer bothering to serve process through the entire foreclosure procedure .
Oftentimes once the house has been taken back and is ultimately owned by the city or county or some government , they let the people stay there until it ’s abandoned and then taken over by squatters .
Then they ’re given a 72 hour notice to leave , by this private management company – before they come in and bulldoze the house .
If you ’re not out , that ’s it .
The bulldozers run .
They can bulldoze the place with you in it – with legal impunity .
So here ’s the scene .
Imagine a 100 - square blocks in a city on a hot summer night .
Only one out of every twenty streetlamps is working , and even that is low - wattage .
These lamps are broken and swinging back and forth in the wind .
There ’s rusted out steel drums lying here and there .
Pyres of burning scrapwood .
In the background there are shadowy figures darting in and out of buildings , trying to salvage anything or strip the remaining buildings of anything that ’s worth anything .
Since no electricity is being provided to these residents anymore , what this private management cum security company does is they bring in old water trucks .
Then these water trucks are placed at certain locations during certain times .
The people then totter down with their old plastic buckets and bottles to get their water .
My friend said that what Detroit looks like now , particularly at night , is like a scene that you would see five or ten years after a Third World War .
Everything is bulldozed , but it ’s not all collected because there ’s not much left after everyone has picked it apart .
They just bulldoze it , chop it up and leave it in little piles .
So imagine these little smoldering piles of rubble with these low wattage street lamps that are broken swinging back and forth .
And do n’t forget the rusted out water trucks bringing in water for the “ survivors , ” what else can you call them ?
They also bring in food from various charitable organizations and distribute free food like Spam and week old bread etc .
The residents ( survivors ) in order to get anything have to register with the private security company and get a card which must be presented to the authorities if you want to get any water etc .
They also provide very rudimentary medical care , which is part of their contract service , to provide Band - Aids if the need arises .
It ’s all very quiet and all you hear is the howling of feral dogs in this urban wasteland scene .
Is Detroit a precursor of times to come in other American cities ?
As foreclosures mount and despite what the Obama Regime and the Financial Media says , the economy is n’t improving , at least not in the respect that foreclosures are still rising .
Residential foreclosure rates wo n’t even peak for another year .
And the foreclosure debacle that is coming in commercial and industrial properties has n’t even really begun .
Last week Fannie Mae announced that they expect the coming debacle in commercial and industrial properties is going to increase the foreclosure rate forty - fold in the next 12 - 18 months .
In spite of that , the Wall Street Journal is promoting REITs , writing about how the REIT market is “ Hot ” once again .
This is what I might call Triple - Reconstituted REITS .
In other words , they got busted out , raised money , then bought the same property back for 50 cents on the dollar .
Then they got busted out again , raised more money , and diluted shareholder equity even further .
Later they bought back the same property for 25 cents on the dollar .
Then they ’re busted out a third time .
Then it becomes a question of how many pennies on the dollar is it ultimately worth ?
Residential areas that are on the periphery of industrial areas which are also all foreclosed , shut down or burned out .
A lot of the train tracks that run through these areas have already been ripped up and sold for scrap metal .
They must have security guards in hand cars driving up and down with searchlights looking for train track scavengers .
These private management companies have been given more power than the underlying governments ever had .
They have become , for lack of a better word , a defacto privatized post - apocalyptic government .
This could be the template for the future of America ’s cities .
As the state and county governments continue to get squeezed and revenue continues to fall , they have to cut back the amount of money they ’re paying these private companies .
So what they ’re doing instead is allowing these private companies to set up what are defacto private enterprise zones with complete governmental power .
All of the aluminum and copper and other scarp metal that ’s being stolen by the survivors is being bought by these outfits that are just beyond the fence and are actually owned by the privatized security / government companies .
They also act as pawnshops for anything that ’s left .
This is one way to subsidize what is a declining government co-payment .
As legitimate government funding for this diminishes , these outfits take on more and more power of government until they become virtual mini-dictatorships .
My friend told me that you go down the street and you see this barbed wire fence and right across the street is the border of a very wealthy area .
You see all of the private security that the wealthy people have hired and the searchlights that are monitoring activity in the neighborhood .
It ’s similar to South America where you see the barrio or favela come right up next to a wealthy neighborhood .
As foreclosures mount and government resources diminish , these Urban Wasteland Zones ( UMZs ) are expanding .
Now these companies also hire themselves out to provide security for the remaining wealthy areas , so they have their own security patrols going up and down the street .
In some cases it ’s only one street that separates where the barbed wire fence stands and what they call “ no man ’s land ” near the wealthy area .
This is evidently going on in cities all across the United States , just on a smaller and less organized scale .
Now as foreclosures mount , this will become more prevalent in other cities .
Detroit then is a template of what America ’s future cities will look like .
Federal government has virtually given up doing anything because they do n’t have the money .
The states are right because all the money which was hundreds of billons that was promised them under the Bush Regime through Homeland Security grants etc.
never came through and all they ever got was maybe 14 cents on the dollar .
Under the Obama Regime , federal transfer payments have actually diminished because the regime does n’t have any money .
You can point to these examples all over .
Last week the State of California began paying tax refunds in promissory notes or I.O.U.’s .
Many states and counties are now trying to settle obligations in promissory notes .
Looking at the bigger picture , we have entered this W - shaped economy and we are going to go into a second dip .
When we are at the trough of that second dip , then it ’s push - comes - to - shove time , which means that we ’ll see about the Federal government ’s ability to hold it all together .
Why ?
Because state governments are in a defacto state of collapse and there ’s not much that the federal government can do about it , other than to provide these financial guarantees , which allow the states to sell more bonds and municipal securities , the interest of which they do n’t have the ability to service .
They come with a federal guarantee , however , so if they go into default , the federal government has to assume the responsibility .
What buyers of these notes do n’t by and large understand about these federal guarantees is that these guarantees are only guaranteeing the principal of the bond and not the interest .
In many cases , as Moody ’s and Standard & Poor ’s have pointed out , all these guarantees the Obama Regime is making are part of what is a reconstituted Resolution Trust situation .
Many of them are only partial guarantees , maybe 60 cents on the dollar .
Now many of the people who are buying these securities do n’t understand that .
So what has been government ’s response to declining tax revenue at state levels ?
To continuously increase cigarette tax to a dollar a package every six months .
As prices increase , sales go down faster than the additional tax revenue is collected .
All states have sold tax anticipation revenue bonds , even though none of them have sufficient revenue from increased tobacco tax to service the bonds .
Republicans are now solidly behind a smoke - free America which will impinge on the American people ’s right to partake of tobacco .
That is the new mindset .
They wo n’t make it illegal , but eventually it will make tobacco a privilege of the wealthy .
What will happen to the $ 150 billion of tobacco tax anticipation bonds states have already sold ?
How will that debt be serviced ?
None of the states have the necessary cash flow to service these tobacco and alcohol tax revenue bonds ( anticipation revenue notes ) because most of the states , between federal and state tax hikes , are increasing the price of liquor $ 1 per every proof gallon every six months .
Tobacco and liquor will become the province of the wealthy .
The hoi polloi sitting on top of those piles of smoldering rubble in Detroit , trying to scrounge aluminum gutters – no more tobacco for you .
You ’ll be getting the corn husks from your local paramilitary government association .
When cash goes to promissory notes – what ’s the next step from there ?
Government issued chits .
Maybe they ’ll look like the German money / chits from the 1920s .
They were half the size of today ’s currency issued in One Billion Mark and Ten Bullion Mark denominations .
But these will be corporate - issued chits .
You ’ll get a chit for so many gallons of water or a chit for so many hours of electricity .
You can get a bag of corn-husk “ tobacco ” or coffee , which will be 10 % coffee and 90 % chickory , just like the “ old days . ”
So maybe we should all go long scrap lumber .
Imagine the amount of scrap wood necessary to print al these promissory notes , chits and coupons …
Just kidding .
* AL MARTIN is an independent economic - political analyst with 25 years of experience as a trader on NYMEX , CME , CBOT and CFTC .
As a former contributor to the Presidential Council of Economic Advisors , Al Martin is considered to be a source of independent analysis for financially sophisticated and market savvy investors .
After working as a broker on Wall Street , Al Martin was involved in the so - called " Iran Contra " Affair as a fundraiser for the Bush Cabal from the covert side of government aka the US Shadow Government .
His memoir , " The Conspirators : Secrets of an Iran Contra Insider , " ( http://www.almartinraw.com) provides an unprecedented look at the frauds of the Bush Cabal during the Iran Contra era .
His weekly column , " Behind the Scenes in the Beltway , " is published weekly on Al Martin Raw.com , which also publishes a bimonthly newsletter called " Whistleblower Gazette . "
Al Martin's new website " Insider Intelligence " ( http://www.insiderintelligence.com) will provide a long term macro-view of world markets and how they are affected by backroom realpolitik .
La ind�gena otom� sentenciada a 21 a�os de prisi�n por el secuestro de seis elementos de la AFI fue liberada la madrugada de hoy del Cereso de San Jos� el Alto
" ME SIENTO CONTENTA " Los abogados de Jacinta se�alaron que podr�an pedir una indemnizaci�n para su clienta por el tiempo que pas� en prisi�n .
( Foto : Archivo / ELUNIVERSAL
)
Quer�taro | Mi�rcoles 16 de septiembre de 2009
Juan Jos� Arreola / Corresponsal | El Universal
07:53
latest News :
Final Vendy Awards Brings Back Winners , Finalists for Street Food Showdown , AM New York , September 20 , 2019
These Vendors Will Vie For NYC's All - Time Street Food Crown , Patch , August 23 , 2019
One of NYC ’s Biggest Street Food Festivals Has Its Final Run Next Month , Eater , August 22 , 2019
The Grub Guide to the Summer ’s Can’t - Miss Food Festivals , Grub Street , June 13 , 2019
New York 's finest !
A Big Apple insider 's guide to everything from burgers to brasseries , coffee to cocktails and even curries , The Daily Mail UK , June 1 , 2019
The Last Ever Vendys Is Happening In September , Gothamist , May 22 , 2019
' Mission accomplished ' : The Vendy Awards Prepare for One Last Party , AM New York , May 21 , 2019
NYC 's Vendy Awards To End This Fall After 15 Years , Patch , May 21 , 2019
The Vendys , New York ’s Great Festival of Street Food , Will End This Year , Grub Street , May 20 , 2019
“ The red carpet gala for New York ’s pushcart heroes . ”
- Saveur Magazine
“ What 's more appetizing than a Grammy , more mouth - watering than an Emmy ?
Yes , it 's The Vendy - symbolic of culinary supremacy among New York 's 10,000 sidewalk chefs . ”
- New York Daily News
This post is pretty much an open letter to Adobe , so if you know anyone who works there , please send it to them .
I 've had what I think i...
After National Guard Specialist Leydi Mendoza spent 10 months in Iraq , her almost two - year - old daughter , Elizabeth , barely recognized her .
So Elizabeth 's father and Mendoza 's ex , Daniel Llares seriously curtailed the 22 - year - old mom 's visitation privileges , out of concern for the child .
Advertisement
On Tuesday , after a three - month legal battle , a New Jersey family court granted Mendoza daily visitation and weekend overnights , the sort of shared custody agreement Mendoza and Llares had worked out before she left .
Happy ending , except for the $ 6,000 in legal fees .
But for other moms in the military , custody issues continue to be a bitter result of leaving home to serve their country .
Although there 's no statistical data on soldiers ' custody disputes , David Kocienewski writes in the New York Times , " military family counselors said they knew of at least five recent situations around the country like the struggle over Elizabeth , in which a mother who served overseas is fighting for more access to her child .
Some advocates say an unspoken bias against mothers who leave their young children has heightened both legal barriers and social stigma when these women try to resume their role as active parents . "
Advertisement
Without knowing the details of those cases , it 's hard to know for sure if female soldiers are suffering from the notion that a good mommy would never leave her child for so long under any circumstances , as opposed to the way military are dads inevitably painted as heroes making a supreme sacrifice .
But when asked what she'd do if she got orders to go overseas once more , Mendoza says , " I 'd try to get honorably discharged .
But I would n't go through that again . "
Soldier 's Service Leads To A Custody Battle at Home [ New York Times ]
Family Court Gives Soldier Visitation in Custody Case [ New York Times ]
Nokia ha presentato una nuova versione del 5800 XpressMusic espressamente dedicata alle funzionalità GPS .
Il Nokia 5800 Navigation Edition , infatti , include licenza di navigazione illimitata con funzionalità aggiuntive nonchè apposita staffa per l'installazione in auto .
Nokia ha da poco annunciato il Nokia 5800 Navigation Edition .
Il dispositivo , che segue le orme del Nokia 5800 XpressMusic ( che InformaticaEasy ha già recensito in passato a QUESTO link ) , venduto in milioni di pezzi , è dotato di guida vocale DRIVE e WALK e licenza di navigazione , rapido accesso all ’ultima versione di Ovi Maps , carte regionali e easy zooming , il tutto con il familiare Nokia touch UI e schermo panoramico di 3,2 pollici sensibile al tocco .
L'ultima versione di Ovi Maps ( www.maps.ovi.com) comprende nuove funzionalità tra cui l’alta risoluzione delle immagini aeree , punti di riferimento in 3D per oltre 200 città , mappe di terra , servizio meteo , interessanti informazioni su offerte di viaggio e avvertimenti utili sul traffico e sulla sicurezza stradale .
I punti di interesse contenuti in Ovi Maps sono arricchiti da informazioni preziose fornite da Lonely Planet , Michelin e Wcities .
Le licenze di navigazione sono preinstallate e pronte all 'uso e la confezione d’acquisto include un caricabatteria auto e un kit da macchina Nokia facile da installare .
Il Nokia 5800 Navigation Edition è dotato anche di altoparlanti stereo e suono surround , 35 ore di riproduzione musica , rapida connessione internet HSDPA , fotocamera da 3,2 megapixel con ottica Carl Zeiss e memoria espandibile fino a 16GB .
La vendita del Nokia 5800 Navigation Edition è prevista per il terzo trimestre del 2009 ad un prezzo di circa € 300 tasse e sovvenzioni escluse .
Principali caratteristiche tecniche :
For loops have been our friend for so many years .
I have fond memories of looping through huge lists of items imperatively bobbing and weaving to construct my final masterpiece !
for ( int i = 0 ; i < items .
Length ; i++) { if ( items [ i ] .
SomeValue == " Value I'm Looking For ! " ) { result .
Add(items [i ] ) ; } }
Look at that beauty .
I am looping through a list of items , filtering them on some value , and then BAM !
I get a result list with the values in it .
Magic I tell you , magic .
And then foreach loops came along and I realized how ridiculously ugly it was .
Just check this out :
foreach ( SomeDummyClass item in items ) { if ( item.
SomeValue == " Value I'm Looking For ! " ) { result .
Add( item ) ; } }
Mmmmm .
Beauty , simplicity , less room for error .
But I still have to do a lot of declaring and looping and things .
Ugh .
So then they gave me the magical yield statement , and when used with a method , I could do this :
private static IEnumerable < SomeDummyClass > GetItems ( SomeDummyClass [ ] items ) { foreach ( SomeDummyClass item in items ) { if ( item.
SomeValue == " Value I'm Looking For ! " ) { yield return item ; } } }
Nice .
Still a lot of looping , but now I do n’t have to declare that stupid result list .
And , if the result is never used , nothing even runs !
Lazy evaluation rocks your face people !
This still just feels gross though .
Why am I holding the compilers hand so much ?
I just need to say " hello computer , give me crap in this list where SomeValue = some crap I ’m looking for " .
Lo and behold Anders Hejlsberg and his team came down from on high and delivered Linq to us .
Now I say :
var result = items .
Where ( i => i.SomeValue == " Value I'm Looking For ! " ) ;
And the compiler figures it all out for me .
Better yet I still get lazy evaluation and I get my list filtered .
Best of both worlds !
And since I am not telling the compiler exactly what to do , then in the future ( with . NET 4.0 ) when my list grows really really large , all I have to do is say :
var result = items .
AsParallel ( ) .
Where ( i => i.SomeValue == " Value I'm Looking For ! " ) ;
And suddenly my list is being filtered by all of the processors on the box !
This is possible because at each iteration we began to tell the computer less and less how to perform the individual operations needed in order to get our result , and instead we are now more closely telling the computer the action to take , not the specifics of how to perform the action .
This lets the computer best decide how to execute our action , and in the case of Parallel Linq , we are now able to tell the framework that we want our task executed in parallel .
( In case you are wondering , there are a few reasons why it ca n’t just run it as parallel by default )
As you can see , we really are moving more and more down the road of declarative development .
Over time we will see more " what " and less " how " in our day to day programming adventures .
And that , my friends , is life after loops .
Where would we be without our trusty Motorola ninjas ?
We ’ve just got the drop on some exciting information about Motorola ’s Android plans and how they hope plan to make a splash .
Here ’s what we ’ve been told :
Motorola ’s Android offering is definitely a customization of the Android user interface much like HTC has done .
It will combine all personal contacts and social networking sites into a clean and easy to use interface .
While it ’s nice to know Moto is going to be throwing a skin on top of Android , what ’s more interesting is the next part .
The skin / OS is named “ Blur ” by Motorola and will be heavily web - connected .
All Android devices will be able to upgrade different sections of the OS and interface all over the air .
There ’s been something mentioned about a device key that ’s attached to your email and passwords for your social networking accounts .
What this presumably does is let all the content be pushed right to the device from the web which includes updates and actual upgrades .
That ’s all we ’ve got for now , but you can bet we ’re digging for more information faster than Ed Zander .
UPDATE : Oh well .
It seems Fortune reported some of this a couple days ago .
Original publication date
Epigraph
Dedication For Henry Michael Brooks ,
who makes me want to change the world .
Bana dünyayı değiştirme isteği veren
Henry Michael Brooks için ...
First words Introduction -
It goes by many names : " The Crisis , " " The Dark Years , " " The Walking Plague , " as well as newer and more " hip " titles such as " World War Z " or " Z War One . "
Setting - Greater Chongqing , the United Federation of China Chapter One -
The first outbreak I saw was in a remote village that officially had no name .
Quotations ' Fear is the most valuable commodity in the universe '
Turn on the TV what are you seeing ?
People selling you products ?
No .
People selling you the fear of you having to live without their products '
Fear of aging , fear of loneliness , fear of poverty , fear of failure .
Fear is the most basic emotion we have .
Fear is primal .
Fear sells .
pg 55 ( edit )
Last words I thought it was a dream , sometimes it still feels like one , remembering that day , that sunrise over the Hero City .
( Click to show .
Warning : May contain spoilers . )
Disambiguation notice
Publisher 's editors
Original language Information from the German Common Knowledge .
Edit to localize it to your language .
Amerikanisch
Oil and the Iraq “ withdrawal ”
30 June 2009
It is fitting that today ’s deadline for the withdrawal of US troops from Iraq ’s cities coincides with a meeting in Baghdad to auction off some of the country ’s largest oil fields to companies such as ExxonMobil , Chevron and British Petroleum .
It is a reminder of the real motives for the 2003 invasion and in whose interests over one million Iraqis and 4,634 American and other Western troops have been killed .
The Iraq war was , and continues to be , an imperialist war waged by the American ruling elite for control of oil and geo-strategic advantage .
The contracts will facilitate the first large - scale exploitation of Iraq ’s energy resources by US and other transnationals since the country ’s oil industry was nationalised in 1972 .
On offer are 20 - year rights over six fields that hold more than five billion barrels of easily and cheaply extractable oil .
In the autonomous Kurdish region of northern Iraq , where foreign companies are already operating , the Norwegian firm DNO is now producing so - called “ sweet oil ” from a relatively small field at Tawke , at a cost of less than $ 2 a barrel .
In an apt analogy , Larry Goldstein of the US - based Energy Policy Research Foundation told the New York Times last week : “ Asking why oil companies are interested in Iraq is like asking why robbers rob banks — because that ’s where the money is . ”
Iraq ’s total oil reserves are estimated to be at least 115 billion barrels .
Its reserves of natural gas are at least 3.36 billion cubic metres .
Millions of people around the world understood in 2003 that the claims of the Bush administration and its international allies about Iraqi weapons of mass destruction and links to terrorism were threadbare lies promulgated to justify the plunder of the country ’s oil wealth .
The claim by the Obama White House that it is continuing the occupation to consolidate “ Iraqi democracy ” is also a lie .
The war was driven by the decline of US global power and growing class tensions within the United States itself .
The American capitalist elite believed that military domination in the Persian Gulf would give them access to lucrative resources , as well as a powerful lever against their main European and Asian rivals , who depend upon the region for critical supplies of energy .
The militarist agitation surrounding the war was used to smother public disquiet and divert discontent away from the economic inequality that wracks American society .
It has taken more than six years of carnage — far longer than any pro-war analyst would have predicted — to establish the conditions where major corporations feel sufficiently confident to begin making substantial investments in Iraq ’s oil industry .
Iraqi resistance to the US invasion had first to be drowned in blood and the population reduced to a state of terror and insecurity .
The war has produced a litany of crimes , from the torture policy at Abu Ghraib and other prisons , to the destruction of cities such as Fallujah and the attack on densely populated suburbs like Sadr City ; to the unleashing of Shiite death squads to depopulate the centres of Sunni resistance in Baghdad .
The country has been economically ruined .
Unemployment and underemployment stand at between 30 and 50 percent .
At least seven million people live on less than $ 2 a day , and malnutrition and disease are rampant .
The Shiite fundamentalist - dominated Iraqi government of Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki presides over the misery of the population in exchange for US backing .
It now has a bloated US - equipped military and police apparatus of over 630,000 armed men .
The repression of the Iraqi masses was the basis for the withdrawal timetable that was agreed to by the Bush administration in last year ’s Status of Forces Agreement ( SOFA ) .
US forces are deemed no longer needed to perform the frontline operations against what remains of the anti-occupation insurgency .
Instead , units of the Iraqi army are to take over those tasks .
The bulk of the 130,000 American troops in Iraq have been pulled back to heavily fortified camps on the outskirts of the cities , or to the massive air bases that have been built at places such as Balad and Tallil .
The SOFA permits them to remain until December 2011 , by which time new arrangements for the long - term presence of US forces will have been worked out .
American commanders , while outwardly optimistic , have not been able to hide their apprehension over the withdrawal from the cities .
To shore up the Iraqi army , some 10,000 US troops are currently embedded as “ trainers ” in its ranks — a number that will increase to over 50,000 over the coming months .
Baghdad ’s western suburbs have been creatively categorised as “ outside ” the urban area .
Aircraft , helicopter gunships , artillery and rapid response units are on constant standby to assist Iraqi forces when needed .
The concerns are not only that insurgent groups will take advantage of the US withdrawal to regroup in Iraq ’s cities and resume significant resistance to both the Maliki government and American troops .
Both Washington and its puppet government are worried that the social plight of the Iraqi working class and popular opposition to the concessions Maliki is making to US imperialism and foreign capital could give rise to large - scale protests and unrest .
The Obama administration is acutely conscious that a large majority of Iraqis bitterly opposes the US presence in the country .
Behind the scenes , it is reportedly pressuring Maliki to abandon a promise to hold a referendum on the Status of Forces Agreement , knowing that it would be overwhelming rejected .
There are also sharp disputes between the rival Shiite , Sunni and Kurdish factions of the Iraqi ruling elite over the allocation of oil revenues and other sources of wealth .
The most explosive tensions centre on the insistence of the Kurdish autonomous region that it get control of the northern oilfields around the city of Kirkuk — two of which are among the six fields being offered for contract in this week ’s auction .
The Kurdish Regional Government ( KRG ) last week denounced the auction as “ unconstitutional ” and warned that companies are “ ill - advised ” to enter into any contract in Kirkuk to which the KRG is not also a party .
The outbreak of an ethnic civil war in the north cannot be ruled out , nor can US military operations to suppress such a development .
US imperialism faces a debacle of its own making in Iraq .
Amidst the meltdown of economic activity internationally , and the escalation of the US war in Afghanistan and its proxy war in Pakistan , a large proportion of the American military is still tied down by the conflict in Iraq and there is no end in sight .
The Obama administration is nevertheless committed to continuing the occupation and realising the predatory objectives of the invasion — in which oil has always loomed large .
James Cogan
James Cogan
News in Science
Crazy ants upsetting island ecosystem
Yellow crazy ants could be interrupting the dispersal of some plants by birds on Christmas Island , according to a new study .
Dr Dennis O'Dowd of Monash University in Melbourne and colleagues report their findings today online ahead of print publication in the Royal Society journal Biology Letters .
The studies on Christmas Island have shown that invasive species do n't just have direct effects on native species , says O'Dowd .
" They can interact with other invaders and affect the web of interactions between species , " he says .
" And the outcomes are unpredictable . "
Yellow crazy ants were introduced to Christmas Island - an Australian territory in the Indian Ocean - in the early part of last century , says O'Dowd .
He says the long - legged yellowish ants earned the named " crazy " because when they are disturbed they run around frenetically .
O'Dowd says crazy ants form large super - colonies and cover ground and vegetation in densities of around 1000 ants per square metre .
" These ants are three - dimensional foragers , " he says .
Impact on birds and fruit
O'Dowd says ants are known to annoy birds , causing them to hop around more and ruffle their feathers , but it has not been known what flow - on ecological effect this might have .
A large number of rainforest plants have fleshy fruit and are dispersed by birds and O'Dowd and colleagues studied the impact of the ants on one such fruit .
The field work carried out by Naomi Davis , a student of O'Dowd's , studied a bright red fruit called Schefflera elliptica , a native vine in rainforest on Christmas Island commonly eaten by birds .
As well as real fruit , the researchers used plasticine fruit , which took impressions of the birds ' beaks and showed how often birds pecked the fruit .
Using 20 one - hectare plots across the island , the researchers surrounded some of the fruit with a barrier that excluded ants and compared these with fruit that were not protected from ants .
" We found there was a difference in the handling of fruit by birds in the presence of ants , " says O'Dowd .
Those fruit not protected from ants were pecked three to six times less by birds , than those that were protected .
" This means less fruit for birds , " says O'Dowd .
" It may also mean there 's less seed dispersal by the birds . "
Previous research
In previous years O'Dowd and colleagues have found yellow crazy ants were using formic acid to kill off the red land crab , which is a " keystone " species , that helps recycle nutrients and keep the rainforest floor from getting too crowded .
Previous bating campaigns have suppressed ant numbers by 94 % , but the ants have returned with vengeance .
Since ants have dominated , the forest floor has become rowded and this indirectly affects understorey birds because it changes their habitat and food sources .
" It 's an amazing transformation of the forest in a short time , " says O'Dowd .
Previous research has also found that the ants are fuelled by eating " honey dew " secreted by introduced sap - sucking scale insects .
This extraordinary energy source gives the ants a " sugar high " and helps boost their numbers .
" This can really ramp up the foraging tempo of the ants , " says O'Dowd
The ants in turn clean the scale insects and help maintain their energy source .
" So you have this positive feedback system , " says O'Dowd .
Yellow crazy ants are regarded by the Invasive Species Specialist Group of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature as one of the top 100 most invasive species in the world .
CCP have today taken the wraps off Dust 514 , a " hybrid MMO / FPS " that not only brings the world of EVE Online to consoles , but somehow ties the game to the PC MMO as well .
Advertisement
Apparently the game will " interact directly " with the PC title , allowing console gamers to manually fight out the battles for planets that are part of the larger MMO conflict .
It will do this by combining FPS and RTS mechanics .
The game is being worked on by CCP Shanghai , and there 'll be more details ( including which platforms this is actually for ) announced during CCP 's big fan get - together in Reykjavik , Iceland in October .
Colorado`s medical marijuana law was passed nine years ago , but some municipalities are still grappling with it as if it`s brand new .
As of June 30 , there were more than 8,900 patients with a medical marijuana registry card , which makes it legal for them to grow small amounts , buy marijuana from certain providers , and to use it to treat various diagnosed ailments .
More than 800 Colorado doctors have signed marijuana forms for their patients .
For most patients , close to 90 percent , marijuana is used to relieve severe , debilitating pain .
So you`d think we`d have the hang of this .
But no .
There have been three pot convictions of patients on the registry .
Physicians tell the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment that the “ inconstancies ” in laws governing marijuana makes them reluctant to participate .
In Summit County , there are 111 patients who are on the registry ( 51 percent of the state`s marijuana patients live in the Denver metro area and Boulder . )
But this week , Dillon , Frisco , Silverthorne and Breckenridge put on hold any business licenses for medical marijuana dispensaries .
That puts the burden on patients to grow their own , but it`s not so easy :
There aren`t clear laws on where the plants can be grown , and overzealous police and prosecutors make it even more difficult .
There are currently 879 legal users in Boulder County and 369 in Weld .
Unlike Summit County , we have legal dispensaries here — a group of men are on trial this week for robbing one on June 16 .
One of the men allegedly told his girlfriend “ we robbed a weed bank ” during a recorded jailhouse chat .
But using that “ weed bank ” is certainly easier for patients in Boulder County than growing their own .
Last summer , local police seized pot that medical marijuana user Jason Lauve was growing in his Louisville home .
The county district attorney`s office prosecuted Lauve for possessing too many plants .
There was never any accusation that Lauve wasn`t the sole user , or that he was using it at all improperly .
Legalizing marijuana for all , regulating it like alcohol and taxing it like tobacco may be what`s best , here : A death knell to the organized crime , black market and goofball medical marijuana bank robbers .
Like tobacco taxes , strategic increases in taxation could be used for health care .
It certainly would be the fastest route to clearing up the muddled confusion between medical marijuana laws and the criminal system .
In the meantime , district attorneys , police departments and municipalities need to come to terms with medical marijuana , their legal dispensaries — and making sure that they operate as legitimate businesses — and the thousands of patients who use it as part of their legal , compassionate health care .
— Erika Stutzman , for
the Camera editorial board
According to provisions in both House and Senate bills , mandated plans must have low copayments and provide coverage of health - care services that is at least equal in scope to a typical , current employer - sponsored plan .
But these are the very flaws that are responsible for high and rising health - care costs , flaws that stem directly from the misguided tax exclusion for and the extensive state regulation of health insurance .
By locking in these flaws , the mandates will inhibit precisely the innovation needed to reform U.S. health care .... Comprehensive , low - deductible , low - copayment insurance has brought us to where we are today .
The administration 's plan to expand and lock - in this flawed paradigm will ultimately defeat the goal of making health services more affordable for everyone .
Looking for something for the kids to do this summer ?
Here is a listing of some of the summer camps available in Petaluma .
Adventure Chicks Petaluma -
A group of girls having fun getting fit exploring beaches and parks .
Ages 11 to 14 .
Monday through Thursday .
9 a.m. to 3:15 p.m. June through August .
530-412-3218 .
Boys & Girls Club Summer Day Camps - Games , art projects and sports .
769-5322. petalumabgc.org .
Cinnabar Young Repertory Theater - June through August : Cinnabar Young Repertory
Theater holds two four - week summer camp sessions culminating in a production of the G - rated school edition of the musical “ Grease . ”
The first camp for ages 6 to 11 is held from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Monday through Friday , through July 18 .
Performances of “ Grease ” are at 7:30 p.m. July 18 - 19 and 2 p.m. July 20 .
The second camp for ages 12 and up is held from 1:30 to 5:30 p.m. Monday through Friday , July 7 through Aug. 1 . Performances of “ Grease ” for this second camp are at 7:30 p.m. Aug. 1 - 2 and 2 p.m. Aug. 3 . The camp is held at Cinnabar Theater , 3333 Petaluma Blvd .
North .
For cost and to register , contact Nathan Cummings at 763-8920 .
Camp Wannabigadventure - Summer filled with games , crafts , swimming & local excursions .
Students entering 1 –6 grades .
Leader in Training ( LIT ) entering 7 – 12 grades .
Miwok Valley Language Academy .
765-4376 .
Discovery Hub - Discover and explore the world through hands - on learning activities .
Ages 6 – 12 . Free. 981-0042 .
Engineering for Kids Camps - Students use LEGO
Robotics and computers to learn principles of robotics , computer programming & teamwork .
Ages 5 – 14 .
June through August .
207-6505 . engineeringforkids.com .
Free Bird Academy -
This year ’s summer camp ’s theme is “ Let ’s be Superheroes ! ”
Ages 3 – 5 .
Morning sessions : Monday through Friday , five - day week camp .
Afternoon sessions : Monday , Tuesday , Thursday , Friday .
four - day week camp .
Sessions are July 7 , July 14 , July 21 and July 28 .
347-6912. freebirdacademypetaluma.com .
Kinder Kickz Soccer - Soccer games and activities improving motor , social and soccer skills .
Ages 3 to 6 and 6 to 8 . 9 a.m to noon .
Monday through Thursday , through July 31 .
953-2603 .
Petaluma School of Ballet Summer Ballet - Hip hop , jazz , tap and character dancer .
Ages 2 through adult .
Monday through Saturday .
Prices vary .
762-3972. petalumaschoolofballet.com .
Petaluma School of Music summer programs - Call 775-3655 . petalumaschoolofmusic.net
Petaluma Valley Athletic Club Sports and Splash Camp -- PVAC offers a sports camp featuring swimming , basketball , soccer , tennis , racquetball , volleyball , badminton , kickball and more .
PVAC is located at 85 Old Corona Road .
Visit petalumaval leyathleticclub.com or call 789-9898 .
Active Sports Club summer camps - Club
One offers a summer camp program featuring crafts , play time and fitness activities .
The club is located at 1201 Redwood Way .
Visit clubonesummercamps.com or call 766-8080 .
Outside in Nature at Tara Firma Farms - Reconnect your child with all aspects of the natural world .
Ages 6 – 12 . Monday through Friday , 9 a.m to 3 p.m. June through Aug. 225-2404 .
Petaluma Arts Center - The Petaluma Arts Center offers a variety of classes for kids at the center , 230 Lakeville St. For a schedule , visit www.petalumaartscenter.org or call 762-5600 .
Petaluma Kids Theatre - Through Aug. 3 : Petaluma Kids
Theatre at Clear Heart is offering a summer drama program for kids ages 9 to 12 for a production of “ Big Bad , the Musical . ”
Rehearsals are held from 3:30 to 5:30 p.m. Monday , Tuesday and Wednesdays .
Mandatory dress rehearsals are July 28 - 30 .
Performance dates are July 31 and Aug. 1 - 3 at Clear Heart , 90 Jessie Lane .
Registration fee is $ 200 .
Scholarships are available .
For information , visit clearheartgallery.com or contact Leslie Scatchard at 971-0677 .
Petaluma Wildlife Museum - June through August : The Petaluma Wildlife Museum offers five summer camp sessions for children ages 7 to 12 .
Summer camp is from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the museum , 201 Fair St. Sessions available are : July 7 - 11 ; July 14 - 18 ; July 28 - Aug. 1 ; and Aug. 4 - 8 . Curriculum includes animal behavior , biology , ecology , conservation and natural science .
For details visit petalumawildlifemuseum.org or call 778-4787 .
Redwood Empire Gymnastics - Gymnastics , swimming , field trips , arts and crafts , games , & sports .
Call 763-5010 .
Spanish Immersion - Culturally rich drama , art , music and sports for kids entering Grades 1 through 4 in September .
782-1084 .
Spring Hill Summer Camp - Toddler : under the sea and gardening .
Pre-K and Kindergarten : human body detectives and healthy bodies .
Elementary : architecture , modern art , African safari and Shakespeare .
Ages 18 months to 9 years .
Call 763-9222 .
St. Vincent ’s High School Summer Camp - Monday through Friday , June through August .
Visit svhs -pet.org .
Summer camps - Petaluma Parks & Recreation offers a variety of different camps for kids of all ages .
Visit cityofpetaluma.net / parksnrec for class schedule or call 778-4380 for information .
Thompson Quarter Horses - Riding , horse care , activities , games and more .
Ages 5 to 18 . 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Monday through Thursday , through August .
773-3981 .
YMCA Petaluma Summer Adventure Camp at Grant School -
Visit the website for specific programs for age groups / schedules / rates .
scfymca.org .
544-1829 .
This evening , I was looking at some microcontroller files and I needed a hex editor to tweak the machine code .
That led me to search for ...
Teabaggers say they want their country back .
But Afro -Arab socialists have only had it for like 6 months .
Ca n’t they wait their turn ?
MavenLink.com – connecting businesses and people
Maven is a word that is n’t used a whole lot any more that ’s for sure .
According to the Princeton Wordnet , a ‘ Maven ’ is defined as “ someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field . ”
This is pretty accurate for MavenLink.com .
Knowing the definition of Maven you can pretty much tell what the objective of the site is .
According to Mavenlink :
“ Mavenlink is a new online community dedicated to connecting people and businesses who need work done with people who are experts at doing exactly the work needed .
We call them mavens ; they are entrepreneurs , consultants , subject matter experts , and knowledge professionals who are highly qualified to answer your questions and accomplish your projects .
Joining Mavenlink is free , and takes just minutes . ”
Through MavenLink users can post a project , select someone to take care of the project , track the work and pay the maven .
Mavens can create profiles , bid on posted projects , work closely with the client , get paid fairly and securely .
Yes , there are sites out there that are resoundingly similar to MavenLink and hopefully it can set itself apart from the “ I ’m in another country , outsource to me , I can do it cheaper ” attitude .
It seems they might .
MavenLink appears to be very responsive and is certainly trying to take any scammer loopholes out of the system .
In our current economic climate I can see sites like MavenLink coming back to life and being used more and more .
Companies can’t afford the high cost of permanent or hourly paid staff for projects ( Mavens bid per the project ) and skilled people in general need as many usable arenas as they can get their hands on to find work .
Check out MavenLink.com
SHE'S had six , possibly seven children , all to different fathers .
Four were sent to live with their grandmother and at least one , police believe , has been murdered .
Kate Elizabeth Hutchinson , 36 , gave birth to her latest child in a Lismore psychiatric ward 10 days ago .
The baby boy has since been removed from her care .
Now , her estranged mother is begging authorities to stop her getting pregnant again .
" Somebody , please , somebody has to do something to stop her from having any more babies , '' Helen Hutchinson said last week .
" It 's as much for her sake as it is for the children's .
I love my daughter very much , but she is a danger - ous person . ''
Mrs Hutchinson , 65 , has cared for her daughter 's children since Kate had her eldest , Matthew , at just 16 .
They have myriad emotional and physical disabilities that Mrs Hutchinson blames on her daughter 's alleged drug and alcohol abuse throughout her pregnancies .
Matthew , 20 , and his brother Peter , 18 , are autistic .
Daniel was born with muscular dystrophy and died four years ago at the age of 10 .
Their five - year - old sister , Evy , has an emotional - detachment disorder .
" Anyone who says marijuana is harmless only has to look at Kate and her children , '' Mrs Hutchinson said .
" Kate herself suffers from drug - induced delusions and psychosis .
She has many , many mental health issues . ''
It was during one of these psychotic episodes that Leonie Astra Hutchinson disappeared , police believe .
The last independent sighting of the toddler was in Scone in December , 2001 , when she was 18 months old .
Incredibly , police had no idea she was missing until January , 2004 when they were investigating another " unrelated matter ' ' .
This was because authorities were under the impression that Leonie was in the safe custody of Mrs Hutchinson .
She remembers : `` They rang me up one day and said , ` You 've got Leonie , have n't you ? ' and I said , ` No , I have n't ' and they said , ` Oh ...'.''
Hunter Valley detective Inspector Tim Seymour has been searching for the little girl ever since .
" Kate has told us several versions of the same story , which is that she gave Leonie to a wealthy family , '' he said .
" Tragically , we have found absolutely no evidence that suggests this is true , and no evidence the girl is still alive .
" What we need now is for Kate to tell us where her body is , but she is unwilling to do that . ''
According to Mrs Hutchinson , Kate developed an obsession with the occult , which prompted her to join a group involved in satanic worship .
As unbelievable as it sounds , one of the police lines of inquiry is the possibility that Leonie was killed as part of some dark , satanic ritual .
" There is a subculture of devil worshipping in this country , '' Insp Seymour said .
" We can't discount that it has something to do with what happened to Leonie . ''
The Sunday Telegraph tracked down Kate after she was discharged from the Richmond Clinic , a psychiatric unit attached to Lismore Base Hospital , last week .
She had been wandering the Northern Rivers area since her release in a highly distressed state , refusing to meet in person but agreeing to talk over the telephone .
" I did n't kill Leonie , '' she said .
`` All I want is my little girl back safe , and me safe .
There are people out there .
Groups .
There is such evil .
You have no idea of the evil . ''
There may be a further disturbing twist to this story .
Mrs Hutchinson told The Sunday Telegraph something she has never revealed before because she can't digest it mentally : there could be a second missing child .
" It was near the end of 2006 and I was ( seeking ) custody of Evy , '' Mrs Hutchinson said .
" Kate came ( along ) and I could see she was heavily pregnant , seven or eight months .
It was such a shock , such a shock .
But she was pregnant .
My friend was with me and she saw it too .
" She disappeared for several months and , I suppose , had the baby .
I do n't know what happened to it .
I can't go there .
Leonie , yes , I believe she is no longer with us , but another baby ?
" No , if she had it , it must be safe somewhere .
I can't think otherwise .
I just ca n't go there - it's too much . ''
When told of this previously unknown pregnancy , Insp Seymour expressed shock : " It 's unthinkable .
We 'll have to chase it up with Lismore Police . ''
You know maybe LA was n’t the best place to move to mellow out .
Between the fires that burned down friends ’ neighborhoods last week to the unusual and unprecedented humidity blanketing the area that scientists have been analyzing to the insane traffic we negotiated on my way to an audition for the TV show Crash today wherein I would play a Charles Manson loving cult leader to the Sonic BOOM that just rattled my entire building and left a flood of Facebook Status updates asking WTF ?!?
Well I had my emergency backpack in hand and was ready to walk right out the door into the safer area that is the park up the street , thinking it was an earthquake , maybe even the big one , but no , it was just the Space Shuttle Discovery landing , right on time mind you , at Edwards Air Force base in the desert north of Los Angeles .
Associated Press reported at 2:58 PM that this could happen .
Of course since I , nor anyone else I know , was actually expecting anything like a Space Shuttle in the neighborhood this afternoon , I never saw the article .
They predicted that first opportunity for landing would be at 5:53 PM and lo – 5:55 PM on the dot my apartment shook and rattled and I honestly thought , that ’s it those upstairs neighbors have really gone too far this time .
I thought they may have finally set off a pipe bomb .
Did I mention it ’s September 11th ?
It ’s just another one of those crazy things you get used to , living here in the land of dreams .
Broken ones even .
So do n’t laugh next time you are a toddler ’s birthday party in Beechwood when everyone ducks and scatters at the sound of a balloon popping .
* Heaves sigh * .
Time for some AC , a cold one and a nap .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Most of us are familiar with the scene in the fantastic 1999 film , The Matrix , where Cypher and Neo are chatting about their introduction to life outside the matrix via Morpheus ’s offer of a choice between the red and blue pills .
Cypher laments that he wished he ’d taken the blue pill instead , making it clear he’d have preferred to be living a happy fantasy rather than risking everything by fighting against the machines .
One of the great things about Cypher ’s character is that you can empathise with him .
Nobody can blame him for wanting a simple , easy life — especially as he ’s not The One .
At that point in the film we all know that he ’s just as likely to end up a smudge on the ground as make old bones .
I mention The Matrix because that ’s how I ’ve been feeling lately .
And this is where I may lose you as a reader .
Either way , so it goes …
Over the last few weeks I ’ve been consuming the works of two prolific writers and speakers , both world experts in their fields : Noam Chomsky and the late Howard Zinn .
Chomsky ( now 82 ) is regarded by many as “ the Einstein ” of his field of linguistics and cognition at MIT , though outside the classroom he talks almost exclusively about political science .
Zinn was regarded similarly in his field of history at Boston University .
I first encountered Chomsky in the early 2000s via his book Necessary Illusions : Thought Control in Democratic Societies [ Amazon|UK ] , a collection of essays and papers focussing mainly on Central American politics and history over the last 40 years .
It ’s an astounding book that left me truly stunned , wondering about the rest of the world if even half it it was true .
He provides full references and consistently avoids a simple answer to , “ If the mainstream media is wrong , biased , controlled or corrupt , then where should we turn to get reliable information ? ”
His answer is typically a variation of Ben Goldacre‘s , “ I think it ’s a bit more complicated than that . ”
There is no single source , type or medium of reliable , unbiased or uncorrupt information .
You need to look at the mainstream , the margins , including sources you may dislike , and analyse what ’s going on for yourself .
Damn .
I ’m going to have to think for myself .
And that ’s the point .
Zinn is a fairly recent discovery for me , though most people know him via his groundbreaking A People ’s History of the United States : 1492 - Present [ Amazon|UK ] , where he included the viewpoints of non-Europeans in the discovery and conquest of North America .
I ’ve not yet read it , but I understand that it ’s a polarising work , and your reaction to it will depend upon whether or not you ’re prepared to revise your views on official history .
Interestingly , the FBI kept a large file on him , most notably due to his influence on Martin Luther King , Vietnam anti-war campaigning and the McCarthyist hysteria of the time .
And this is where I think many of Chomsky ’s and Zinn ’s detractors come from : many seem to regard them as un-American or even traitors .
Both authors present alternative versions of recorded history , removing the infantile notion of good ( us ) versus evil ( them ) , and add insult to that injury by presenting other reasons why such things did or are happening in the first place .
It ’s not as simple as the official version ; it ’s not even as simple as the counter - accusations or popular conspiracy theories .
It ’s a complex mix of power , greed , acquisition , control , domination , influence and coercion , and furthering of interests .
The use of past and present tense is deliberate — these things are still happening .
Consider the endless stream of major and minor wars in the 20th and present century , the provision of “ foreign aid ” weapons and training to brutal and sadistic regimes , the quiet growth of internal enforcement agencies into international intelligence agencies ( as has just happened with the DEA ) , the dismantling of union - protected workplaces that made our workers cheaper than those in some developing countries , and national elections of leaders whose candidates can be differentiated only by their party ’s logo .
To name a few .
Neither Chomsky nor Zinn pretend to be 100 % certain about everything they say .
Both admit they may be wrong , and are open to evidence - based correction .
Nor should you take it from me as fact , an amateur hack who spends his spare time consuming non-mainstream information , wondering about the world and sharing the occasional thought here whenever I ’m not playing computer games or socialising with friends .
Use , refine and practise your analytical skills and skepticism to examine what these men say , compare it against what you see , know and / or suspect , read the papers and articles to which they refer , and then judge for yourself .
There is no universal truth , and I ’m not declaring that this is it — but it makes you think .
However , if you ’re unwilling to have your perception of world history and current events challenged , you may want to choose the blue pill …
Here are some of Noam Chomsky ’s works that you might want to look at :
An American Addiction [ Amazon|UK ]
Case Studies In Hypocrisy [ Amazon|UK ]
Class War : The Attack On Working People [ Amazon|UK ]
The Clinton Vision : Old Wine , New Bottles [ Amazon|UK ]
The Emerging Framework Of World Power [ watch online ]
For A Free Humanity [ Amazon|UK ]
Free Market Fantasies : Capitalism In The Real World [ Amazon|UK ]
The Imperial Presidency [ Amazon|UK ]
The New War On Terrorism : Fact And Fiction [ Amazon|UK ]
Propaganda And The Public Mind [ Amazon|UK ]
Prospects For Democracy [ Amazon|UK ]
Here are some of Howard Zinn ’s works that you might want to look at :
( I have n’t read or seen all of these yet ) .
Both have released many more works , but I think that will keep you busy for some time .
The iPod nano will now feature a built - in camera , as Apple updated its iPod line as part of a music - focused press event in San Francisco on Wednesday .
The new iPod comes in 8GB and 16GB models , priced at $ 149 and $ 179 , respectively .
The music players now feature a video camera and microphone on the back of the device along with a built - in speaker .
The nano can display video or sync it back to your computer for uploading to YouTube .
According to Apple CEO
Steve Jobs — making his first public appearance at an Apple event since returning from a six - month medical leave — the company added the camera to the nano line to capitalize on the popularity of pocket - sized flash - based video cameras .
Get more details on the new iPod nano
The nano was just one of the changes Apple introduced to its iPod line on Wednesday .
The company also cut the price on its entry - level 8 GB iPod touch to $ 199 ; previously , that model sold for $ 229 .
In addition , Apple boosted the capacity on the touch to 64GB .
The 32GB and 64GB models are now 50 - percent faster and feature support for the Open GL|ES 2.0 graphics API .
Get more details on the iPod touch changes
Despite speculation that Apple might discontinue the iPod classic — the last remaining hard drive - based device in its iPod line — that model remains with an expanded capacity .
The iPod classic now features 160 GB of storage at the same price as before , $ 249 .
As for the iPod shuffle , it comes in new colors .
The 2GB and 4GB models sell for $ 59 and $ 79 , respectively ; a special edition 4GB model made of stainless steel costs $ 99 .
Get more details on Apple ’s other iPod moves
i Pod talk dominated the second half of Apple ’s Wednesday event , but the company also had software news .
A new version of the iTunes is now available , featuring Genius Mixes for creating recommended playlists of music and movies .
Other features in iTunes 9 include Home Sharing , which brings iTunes synchronization to up to five authorized computers and a new interface for managing iPhone and iPod touch applications .
iTunes 9 also introduces a number of improvements to Apple ’s online iTunes Store , including new artist pages with more visual material added .
Get more details on iTunes 9
Finally , Apple released a minor update to its iPhone software .
i Phone 3.1 rolls out some bug fixes in addition to extending the Genius media - recommendation algorithm to recommend iPhone apps to users .
The update also beefs up the iPhone OS ’s ringtone capabilities .
Get more details on the iPhone 3.1 software update
Development took two years and the robot is able to lift a weight of 61 kg on its foam padded arms .
Covered in a soft skin designed to protect patients , the robot is also able to recognise faces and voices , as well as responding to up to 30 spoken commands .
If you ’ve used Terraform before , migrating to Pulumi is often an exhilarating experience .
Since I started working at Pulumi back in March , I ’ve heard countless stories from users about how adopting Pulumi has changed the way their organizations work and allowed them to be more expressive and productive with their cloud infrastructure .
When switching between similar software products , it ’s often an instinctive reaction to try and reach for familiar concepts from the thing you know .
One of the most common types of questions I ’ve answered in the Pulumi community slack is “ In Terraform , I can do X . How do I do that in Pulumi ? ”
So , in this post , I ’d like to try and detail a few concepts I ’ve learned and mapped them back to Terraform concepts .
If you ’re picking up Pulumi for the first time , this is a great place to start - let ’s take a look !
Managing State
The very first thing you ’ll come across when you fire up Pulumi is that state management gets handled differently .
In Terraform , you set up your state inside a provider block within your code , like so : terraform { backend " s3 " { bucket = " state - bucket " key = " / repo " region = " us- west - 2 " } } Every time this is changed , you need to run terraform init before running terraform apply .
Depending on how you organize your terraform code , you need to provide this configuration for each repo you ’re managing .
You might choose to use different state buckets or use different keys within that state .
Pulumi handles this very differently .
You manage the state using the pulumi login command .
By default , pulumi will log you into its SaaS managed backend ( which is free for individual use ) .
To use an object store / bucket , you login by providing the bucket name prefixed with the type of bucket , like so : # AWS S3 pulumi login s3://my-state - bucket # Azure Blob Storage pulumi login azblob:// my- state - bucket # GCloud Cloud Storage pulumi login gcs:// my-state- bucket
You can read more information on how to use this here .
Managing state this way has quite a few implications on how you might organize your code ( which I ’ll get to shortly ) but mainly means you no longer need to worry about specifying the keys when things up .
When you initialize a project and a stack ( do n’t worry , I ’ll discuss stacks shortly ! ) , pulumi will automatically create a path in the bucket for the project , and each stack will have a unique path .
My personal opinion is that this dramatically reduces the complexity when managing the state .
Still , for those familiar with Terraform ’s way of handling this , it might be a departure from the norm , so it ’s worth knowing .
You may be asking yourself at this point “ should I use the same state for all my environments ? ” .
The answer to that depends on your security posture and your chosen backend .
As an example , you probably do n’t want the same state bucket for your prodiction and development workflows because you might want to give less access to production than development .
With the SaaS backend , you can define permissions easily in your organization use the console .
If you ’re using the cloud storage backends , you might want to consider using different state for each environment .
To do that , you need to make sure you login to the correct backend before running pulumi up : # set the AWS creds you want to use with AWS profiles export AWS_PROFILE = production # Login to the dev backend pulumi login s3:// pulumi- prod - state # run pulumi pulumi up -- stack vpc.production
A quick note on sensitive data Terraform is very explicit about how important the state file is and the security considerations around values like passwords in the state file :
For resources such as databases , this may contain initial passwords With Terraform , you need to be very careful with values like passwords and providing access to state files .
Pulumi does n’t have this problem , as it supports encrypting sensitive values in the state with keys from your cloud provider or using a password / unique key .
You can read more about this here and here Stacks & Projects Stacks are a unique feature to Pulumi that might seem familiar if you ’ve ever used Terraform Workspaces Stacks are incredibly flexible and powerful and create lots of excellent scenarios around making Pulumi programs configurable and reusable .
Using them is very easy , you create a stack when you initialize a new pulumi project : pulumi new typescript
This command will walk you through creating a new Pulumi project .
Enter a value or leave blank to accept the ( default ) , and press < ENTER >.
Press ^C at any time to quit .
project name : ( test - project ) my - first - project Sorry , ' my - first - project ' is not a valid project name .
A project with this name already exists .
project name : ( test - project ) test - project project description : ( A minimal TypeScript Pulumi program )
A project for Pulumi Created project ' test- project '
Please enter your desired stack name .
To create a stack in an organization , use the format < org - name >/< stack - name > ( e.g. ` acmecorp / dev ` ) .
stack name : ( dev ) dev
Once you ’ve done this , you ’ll find a Pulumi .
. yaml file in your directory which can contain things like per stack configuration values .
You can create stacks very easily by using the stack init command : pulumi stack init production Created stack ' production '
This stack init process adds a new YAML file which can be updated .
You can switch between them or remove them if necessary .
Stacks work regardless of your chosen backend , but depending on which backend you ’re using , you might want to consider how you name things .
With the Pulumi SaaS you can specify your stack name using the slash , for example , my - company / test - stack
The part before the slash is an organizational namespace , and within the SaaS it ’ll places the stack in the right place and permissions will be applied ( note : organization support is a paid feature ! )
If you ’re using a cloud backend , you ’ll need to take an additional step .
Naming your stack , you ’ll want to set the project name and the environment or region somehow .
A commonly developed pattern is to use periods or dashes in the stack name .
For example , if we have a project that manages our VPCs , we might do this for two different stacks : pulumi stack init vpc.production pulumi stack init vpc.development
A quick note about locking Terraform locking is supported differently depending on which backend you ’re using .
With Pulumi , locking is not currently supported for Cloud Backends .
You can achieve methods of locking by wrapping the Pulumi CLI with a wrapper script , and some users are doing just this .
If you ’re using the Pulumi SaaS backend , it handles locking for you .
Modules & Component Resources Creating reusable code in Terraform often involves creating a module .
Modules can be nested ( for example , it ’s often the case that a public module will have more modules within it ) and they take inputs and define outputs ( more on that later ) .
Modules are an implementation detail of Terraform that allows you to define groups of resources that live together .
For example , if you want to create an EKS cluster in AWS , you ’ll need a create a bunch of worker nodes and the control plane , which are distinct resources .
Modules allow you to define these together , and make them configurable via inputs .
Pulumi , however , does n’t have a module system of its own .
Pulumi ’s use of standard programming languages ( rather than HCL ) mean you can leverage the package manager for your language of choice ( e.g. NPM , NuGet , Pip or Go Modules ) to share code .
Pulumi uses Component Resources to group resources together and allows you to define and register resources in Pulumi with their unique name .
This method of group resources is an incredibly powerful tool .
Depending on your chosen programming language , the way you specify inputs varies , and outputs are handled slightly different ( more on that in a second ) .
There are some great ComponentResource examples available , but my favourite is this one written by James Nugent that defines a VPC that adheres to AWS best practices .
It ’s available for NodeJS and Python and is a great example of the powerful ways you can reuse code with Pulumi .
Outputs & Stack References With Terraform , if you need to pass data between different projects or modules , you ’d define an output : output " instance_ip_addr " { value = aws_instance .
server .
private_ip }
The “ output ” then gets stored in the terraform state in a way that makes it accessible either when a module reads the state or when the module is instantiated within your terraform code .
With Pulumi , you just need to export the resource or parameter , which varies depending on the programming languages .
As an example , you might create a VPC and export it in typescript like so : import * as pulumi from " @pulumi / pulumi " ; import * as aws from " @pulumi/aws " ; // Create an AWS resource ( S3 Bucket ) const bucket = new aws .
s3 . Bucket ( " my - bucket " ) ; //
Export the name of the bucket export const bucketName = bucket .
id ;
Here , we export the bucket id from the created bucket , which makes it available across stacks .
You can then use a Stack Reference to use it elsewhere .
In addition to this , it ’s common to have different states for different components in Terraform , you might also need to use the remote state data source to reference outputs in other terraform states : data " terraform_remote_state " " vpc " { count = ( var . vpc_id == " " && var .
vpc_id == " " ) ? 1 : 0 backend = " s3 " config = { bucket = " ${var.tfstate_global_bucket} " key = " ${var.aws_region}/${var.vpc_name}/vpc/terraform.tfstate " region = " ${var.tfstate_global_bucket_region} " } } In Pulumi , this is n’t supported because it ’s very rarely needed .
I ’m hoping to write a more detailed post on this soon .
Organizing your Code Terraform ’s method of managing backends , workspaces and the implementation of modules can often mean that very quickly , your terraform code might begin to get out of control .
Some interesting solutions have materialized for this , like Terragrunt and Astro and if you ’re familiar with them , you might wonder how to approach this with Pulumi .
Pulumi has a page dedicated to this very question , but I ’d like to add a bit of personal opinion to this .
Blast radius & rate of change Because of how powerful pulumi is , you might be tempted to create a monolithic repository with all your logic in a single stack / project .
As an example of this , with Pulumi it ’s very easy to write a program that creates a VPC , Subnets , a Kubernetes cluster and installs several applications on that cluster .
You can create a very useful piece of automation here , which allows users of your program to quickly deploy their entire stack .
Generally , this is n’t considered a good idea .
The VPC in your infrastructure is unlikely to be changing at the same rate as the applications in your EKS cluster , and you do n’t want to be in a situation whereby you can accidentally nuke all your infrastructure with a bad command .
Generally , before I start writing some code , I start by considering the rate of change of a project , and what the impact of making a mistake in it would be .
A quick example
If you look at a simple hierarchy of some infrastructure I recently provisioned with Pulumi , it looks like this : tree -L 1 ├── README . md ├── alb ├── ecs-cluster ├── grafana └── vpc
To break this down a little : the ALB project is shared between multiple applications .
It exports the listeners and the name of the load balancer as an output , which can then be used as a stack reference later
the ECS cluster project defines a component resource which bootstraps an ECS cluster with an autoscaling group , a launch template , autoscaling policies , cloudwatch log groups etc .
This is completely reusable , and could easily be packaged as an NPM packages ( It ’s on my todo list , honest ! )
the grafana project defines an ECS task definition , an ECS service , an IAM role etc. to run as and a database for grafana to connect to .
You can see here , the important project decision that ’s being made is grouping things together ( similarly to Terraform modules , but not quite the same ! ) so that you can destroy and iterate as needed .
In order to use the ALB and ECS cluster we created in the other projects , stackreferences are used :
the VPC project defines a VPC , subnets and other lower - level components live here I could ( and hopefully will ! ) write a whole blog post on this , but essentially what I ’m trying to get across is that you should n’t just bundle all your code into a single project unless you ’re really happy about the implications .
Use Stack References liberally where you can , and separate things into projects that make sense .
If you follow this approach , whether you use a mono - repo or a git repository for each project is entirely up to you .
This page talks more about the trade - offs , but the choice is yours .
Wrap up
There are other aspects of picking up Pulumi which might catch you out , and I may write a second post along the way , but hopefully , this will give you a nice idea of how to continue down your Pulumi journey .
If you ’re interested in Pulumi and want to give it a try , reach out to me via twitter !
Regardless of the technology you choose , enjoy building your infrastructure !
Note :
An advanced warning : I recently changed companies and now work for An advanced warning : I recently changed companies and now work for Pulumi , which I ’ll be discussing here .
If you do n’t want to hear about that , look away now .
Configuration complexity chases you This year marks my 10th anniversary as a ( full time ) system administrator .
When I look back over that journey , remembering my first role for a large bank as a Lotus Notes administrator to now , I can safely say that one part of the job has been frustrating for me and has been ever - present in every role I ’ve taken on .
It ’s something that has followed me throughout every interpretation of “ system administration ” ( and the job role has had many names , which is a thread I do n’t want to pull at ) .
It ’s something that has I ’ve seen declared “ solved ” multiple times by different tools and products , but always manages to evolve as the industry changes .
Configuration complexity .
When I started my career , the problem of the day was the configuration of operating systems .
Workloads were beginning to scale beyond the scope of single machines , and we needed a set of solutions to ensure all those machines looked the way we wanted them to .
Tooling like Puppet , Chef , and then Ansible became incredibly popular very quickly because they were declarative .
You defined your desired state in code ( or something like code , which I ’ll get to in a moment ) , and the tool took care of converging on that state .
This pattern worked , and we all got a lot better at managing massive numbers of machines .
At this point , someone at Amazon realised that companies were spending thousands of person - hours wasting their time doing stupid things like managing servers and buying hard drives .
AWS changed the way we managed our systems , and the tooling we had adapted to suit those systems .
When AWS was starting to gain momentum , it was still a widespread practice to boot your EC2 instance and configure the operating system on it .
Unfortunately , this introduced another layer of complexity .
Your cloud provider ’s API layer now needs configuration , and we had all gotten used to the idea we wanted to declare our state and have something converge on it .
The existing tools in this space were n’t cutting it , and then all of a sudden , Terraform emerged out of Hashicorp to solve most of our problems .
DSLs : A necessary evil
The most successful tools of this era had something in common , even if they differed in the way they solved the problem .
I attribute the success of the two tools I ’ve used the most until this point ( Puppet and Terraform ) to the fact that they both have very readable and powerful DSLs .
The decision to use DSLs made them extremely approachable to people , even with rudimentary software engineering backgrounds .
Generally , you can take a simple block of Puppet code and very quickly get an idea of what it ’s going to do : file { ' / tmp / my - file ' : ensure => present , content => ' foo ' , user => ' jaxxstorm ' , } HCL has a similar approach - its simplicity allows you to look at ( basic ) HCL and get a decent idea of what ’s going to happen when you execute it .
Here ’s a similar operation as our Puppet example in HCL : resource " local_file " " my - file " { content = " foo " filename = " / tmp / my - file " , } Simplicity is fantastic when you get started .
However , in my experience with DSLs over the past 10 years is that you will , unfortunately , reach a tipping point in which you ’re going to look at what you ’ve created in horror .
Ultimately , there ’s a universal truth of configuration complexity .
No matter how you approach it , you ’re dealing with 2 distinct users :
People who want to twiddle all the different knobs , so they want all the configuration options available to them .
People who only want the defaults , and might make a few changes later .
Catering to both those users with a DSL is hard .
Both of the tools I ’m most familiar with , Puppet and Terraform tried to approach this using a concept of “ modules . ”
At their core , the idea is reasonable - abstract away the configuration complexity into a set of sane defaults , and expose the knobs for people to twiddle as parameters to the module .
Unfortunately , this - in my admittedly humble opinion , has n’t solved the problem .
To get an idea of where we are here , let ’s take a look at the terraform - eks module .
In particular , take a look at the workers_launch_template .tf file .
You ’ll probably notice it ’s over 450 lines of HCL .
I find it very difficult to understand what this file is doing at first glance .
Launch templates are incredibly complex mechanisms in AWS , with lots of different options depending on your needs .
Supporting all of these different cases for both of the users mentioned above in a terraform module is creating new configuration complexity .
The terraform - eks module has so many possible inputs I genuinely could n’t be bothered to go through and count them all .
In addition to this , if I want to make a configuration change to the module that for a parameter that does n’t exist , my options are : Fork the module Do n’t use the module , and write everything from scratch again .
Okay , we get it , what ’s the answer ?
Recently I changed companies , and this problem was consistently in my mind when deciding on what to do next .
I ’ve written before about the need for configuration management for Kubernetes clusters , however as time has gone on , I ’ve realised what we need is configuration management for any abstraction layer .
I even helped in trying to solve this problem at my former employer with Kr8 .
Ultimately , I believe that the only way to solve this configuration complexity is with language that is expressive and flexible .
I ’ve concluded that DSLs will only ever get you part of the way there .
The only solution currently on the market is something I excitedly wrote about in September 2018 - Pulumi .
Pulumi allows you to take control of your configuration in your choice of programming language .
With the decision to use a fully - featured language instead of a DSL , a whole world of opportunity opens up .
Pulumi provides you direct access to the configuration options you might be familiar with in Terraform ( in fact , you can convert terraform providers to Pulumi providers in a relatively straightforward manner ) .
However , by providing access to these resources using a programming language , you can be extremely creative in how they get used .
Pulumi x libraries Examples of how this flexibility looks like in practice can be when you take a look at the awsx library , which is maintained by the Pulumi team .
This library uses the standard aws library under the hood , but wraps it up in sane configuration defaults using standard packaging methods .
I previously wrote a very ranty and frustrated post about how hard it was to stand up a service on fargate using terraform .
Here ’s what it looks like in awsx ( using typescript ) : import * as aws from " @pulumi / aws " ; import * as awsx from " @pulumi / awsx " ; const listener = new awsx .
lb .
NetworkListener ( " nginx " , { port : 80 } ) ; const nginx = new awsx .
ecs .
FargateService ( " nginx " , { taskDefinitionArgs : { containers : { nginx : { image : " nginx " , memory : 128 , portMappings : [ listener ] , } , } , } , desiredCount : 2 , } ) ; Seeing code like this makes sense to me .
If I want simple , off the shelf defaults , I can write a module / library , but if I want to get into the nuts and bolts of the configuration , I can use the @pulumi / aws library and talk to the API directly .
What ’s next ?
I joined Pulumi at the end of March , and I ’m incredibly excited about being on the frontlines of battling configuration complexity .
Going forward , I expect this blog to contain updates ( sporadically , of course ) about my journey .
Already in my short time at Pulumi , I ’ve dived into new programming languages ( I wrote my first ever dotnet code this week ! ) , heard from users , and been more involved than ever before in an open - source community .
Most importantly , I can see a time where I do n’t have to write a single line of YAML !
At $ work , we have several Kubernetes clusters across different geographical and AWS regions .
The reasons range from customer requirements , to our own desire to reduce operational “ blast radius ” issues that might come up .
Our team has experience large outages before , and we try and build the smallest unit of deployment we possibly can for out platform .
Unfortunately , this brings with it new challenges , especially when it comes to running Kubernetes clusters .
I ’ve spoke extensively about this on this blog before , particularly regarding configuration management needs and the overhead that scaling out to multiple clusters brings .
As these clusters have become more utilized by application teams , a new consideration has arisen .
Deploying regional applications has the same configuration complexity problems I ’ve spoken about when it comes to the infrastructure management , and essentially the needs boil down to the same words we ’re familiar with : configuration management .
I set out to try and make the task of deploying applications to regional clusters as easy as possible for our teams following the same philosophy frustrations I had before .
The requirements were a bit like this : no templating languages ( no helm ! )
continuous deployment made easy
easy for developers to grasp - low barrier to entry
abstract as much of configuration complexity away as possible
What I came up with works very nicely , and uses largely off the shelf tooling that you can replicate very easily .
This post is the first in what I hope will be a 2 part series of posts which covers the following topics : Generating regional / parameterised manifests using jkcfg Using Gitlab , Gitlab - CI , ArgoCD and GitOps to deploy to multiple clusters Part 1 : Generate your config
It ’s the first step , but it ’s also the hardest .
How do you generate your YAML configuration for the different clusters ?
I looked at a few options here , like the now defunct ksonnet as well as Helm but they did n’t really seem like optimal solutions .
Ksonnet uses jsonnet , which for us infrastructure people did n’t seem so bad ( we used it in kr8 ) but there was very little desire for developers to actually learn this new and strange language for their application development needs .
Luckily for me , it was deprecated just as I was trying to convince my developers otherwise , which meant I kept search for other solutions .
Helm is the defacto standard for this kind of thing but again , there were some confused questions when it came to the templating of YAML .
I could sympathise with this , and at the time , Helm had some serious security problems with Tiller .
Helm3 has largely addresses this , but I still ca n’t bring myself to template yaml .
jkcfg
It was around this time I became familiar with jkcfg which caught my eye .
I ’ve used Pulumi before , so I was quite familiar with the idea of configuring my instrastructure using an actual programming language , and really liked the idea .
What I did n’t like about Pulumi was the way it directly interacted with clusters to do deployments .
Jkcfg on the other hand keeps it simpler .
It takes JavaScript ( or typescript ) and generates YAML documents for you .
That ’s it .
The YAML files it generates are idempotent and will regenerate the same each time .
It can take parameters very easily , which fit in with my desire to have configuration values per cluster , and most importantly in its favour ( as opposed to Helm and Jsonnet ) it was a language native to most developers .
Let ’s generate some manifests
Before I begin , I ’d like to point out something important :
This was my first ever use of JavaScript .
If this sucks , please let me know !
The jkcfg repo has some excellent examples you can use , and getting started was generally pretty straightforward .
Download the jk binary
Init a repo using your favourite javascript dependency tool ( yarn , for example ) yarn init yarn init v1.15.2 question name ( jkcfg - example ) : question version ( 1.0.0 ) : question description :
An example jkcfg deployment question entry point ( index.js ) : question repository url : https://github.com/jaxxstorm/jkcfg-example question author : Lee Briggs question license ( MIT ) : MIT question private : no success Saved package.json ✨ Done in 43.32s .
Add the @jkcfg / kubernetes package : yarn add @jkcfg / kubernetes yarn add v1.15.2 info
No lockfile found . [ 1/4 ] 🔍 Resolving packages ... [ 2/4 ] 🚚 Fetching packages ... [ 3/4 ] 🔗 Linking dependencies ... [ 4/4 ] 🔨 Building fresh packages ... success Saved lockfile .
success Saved 2 new dependencies .
info Direct dependencies └─ @jkcfg / [ email protected ] info All dependencies ├─ @jkcfg / [ email protected ] └─ @jkcfg / [ email protected ] ✨
Done in 3.31s .
Okay , so we ’re ready to generate some manifests .
A simple deployment might look like this : import * as k8s from ' @jkcfg / kubernetes / api ' ; import * as std from ' @jkcfg / std ' ; const deployment = new k8s .
apps .
v1 .
Deployment ( `myapp` , { metadata : { namespace : ' myapp ' , } , spec : { replicas : 2 , template : { spec : { containers : [{ image : ' jaxxstorm / myapp:v0.1 ' , imagePullPolicy : ' IfNotPresent ' , name : ' myapp ' , resources : { requests : { cpu : " 500 m " , memory : " 500 Mi " } , limits : { cpu : " 2000 m " , memory : " 2000 Mi " } } , ports : [{ containerPort : 8080 , protocol : ' TCP ' , } ] , } ] , } , } , } } ) ; const myapp = [ deployment , ] std .
write ( myapp , `manifests /myapp.yaml` , { format : std .
Format .
YAMLStream } ) ;
Once you have your deployment javascript file , you can generate a YAML document by running the jk command : jk run index.js Parameters
Okay , we have a nice deployment manifest now , but how does this help me with different regions ?
jkcfg supports “ parameters ” which can be passed either via a command line argument , or a file .
This is similar to Helm ’s values files which are evaluated at compile time .
Using values in jkcfg is very straightforward .
//
Import the param package import * as param from ' @jkcfg/std/ param ' ; // declare a constant , replica which is set to the value of " replicas " // and has a default of " 1 " const replicas = param .
Number ( ' replicas ' , 1 ) You can then use this value inside your deployment manifest .
Here ’s the end result : import * as k8s from ' @jkcfg / kubernetes / api ' ; import * as std from ' @jkcfg / std ' ; import * as param from ' @jkcfg / std / param ' ; const replicas = param .
Number ( ' replicas ' , 1 ) const deployment = new k8s .
apps .
v1 .
Deployment ( `myapp` , { metadata : { namespace : ' myapp ' , } , spec : { replicas : replicas , // use the value from the param template : { spec : { containers : [{ image : ' jaxxstorm / myapp:v0.1 ' , imagePullPolicy : ' IfNotPresent ' , name : ' myapp ' , resources : { requests : { cpu : " 500 m " , memory : " 500 Mi " } , limits : { cpu : " 2000 m " , memory : " 2000 Mi " } } , ports : [{ containerPort : 8080 , protocol : ' TCP ' , } ] , } ] , } , } , } } ) ; const myapp = [ deployment , ] std .
write ( myapp , `manifests /myapp.yaml` , { format : std .
Format .
YAMLStream } ) ;
Once you ’ve started using parameters , you probably do n’t always want to use the same number of replicas .
You can invoke the parameters in two ways .
The first , and easiest , is on the command line : jk run index.js -p replicas = 5
Check the manifest now in manifests / myapp .yaml : you ’ll see we ’ve set the replicas to 5 !
The other way of overriding the parameters is using a parameters file .
This can be YAML or JSON .
Create a file called params / myapp.yaml and populate it like so : replicas : 100
Then use it with jk like so : jk run -f params / myapp.yaml index.js Easy !
Abstract , abstract , abstract
As I went through this journey , it became apparent there was a lot of code reuse across different services .
Most of the services we build are using the same frameworks , and need a lot of similar configuration .
For example , every service we deploy to Kubernetes needs 4 basic things : A deployment spec With KIAM annotations
With security contexts etc etc
A service spec
An ingress
A configmap
As we went through this journey , I found myself writing a lot of repeatable javascript , and I was n’t getting a whole lot of value out of it .
Of course , because this configuration is written in JavaScript , we can take advantage of JavaScript packages to simplify the whole process .
At this point , I built a ( private ) NPM package to abstract most of the code away from the end user .
You can see an example of this kind of pattern in the jkcfg documentation
Here ’s the repo contents : . ├── README .md ├── index.js ├── kube.js ├── labels .js ├── package .
json └── yarn .
lock
I ’ll break down the js files so we can get an idea of what this entails .
kube.js
The main meat of the package is in kube.js .
Let ’s take a look at this : import * as api from ' @jkcfg/kubernetes /api ' ; import { Labels } from './ labels ' ; function Deployment ( service ) { return new api.apps.v1.Deployment ( service.name , { metadata : { namespace : service .
namespace , labels : Labels ( service ) , annotations : service.deployment.annotations , } , spec : { selector : { matchLabels : Labels ( service ) , } , replicas : service .
replicas , template : { metadata : { labels : Labels ( service ) , annotations : service.deployment.annotations , } , spec : { containers : [{ name : service.name , image : ` $ { service .deployment.image } : $ { service .version } ` , imagePullPolicy : ' IfNotPresent ' , readinessProbe : { httpGet : { path : '/ healthcheck ' , port : service.ports.health , } , initialDelaySeconds : 10 , timeoutSeconds : 10 , } , envFrom : [{ configMapRef : { name : service.name , } , } ] , ports : [{ containerPort : service.ports.web , } , { containerPort : service.ports .health , } ] , resources : service .
resources , } ] , } , } , securityContext : { runAsNonRoot : true , runAsUser : 65534 , } , } , } ) ; } function Service ( service ) { return new api.core .v1.Service ( service.name , { metadata : { namespace : service .
namespace , labels : Labels ( service ) , } , spec : { selector : Labels ( service ) , ports : [{ name : ' web ' , port : service.ports.web , protocol : ' TCP ' , targetPort : service.ports.web , } , { name : ' health ' , port : service.ports .health , protocol : ' TCP ' , targetPort : service.ports.health , } ] , } , } ) ; } function Ingress ( service ) { return new api.extensions.v1beta1.Ingress ( service.name , { metadata : { namespace : service .
namespace , labels : Labels ( service ) , annotations : { ' ingress.kubernetes.io/ssl-redirect ' : ' true ' , ' kubernetes.io/ingress.class ' : service.ingress.class , } , } , spec : { rules : [{ host : service.ingress.host , http : { paths : [ { path : '/' , backend : { serviceName : service.name , servicePort : service.ports.web , } , } , { path : '/ health ' , backend : { serviceName : service.name , servicePort : service.ports.health , } , } ] , } , } ] , } , } ) ; } export { Deployment , Ingress , Service , } ; Obviously this is a lot more involved than our previous , very simple deployment from earlier .
What ’s worth noting though is that this is completely configurable by a service object in our jkcfg configuration parameter .
I ’ve gone for an approach here as well where we load the configuration variable from a configmap , which is not managed by this module .
That way , we can use a basic boilerplate module for most of the stuff we want to deploy , and we can have a pretty high degree of confidence that the deployments meet our standards .
labels.js
This labels file is simply a way of ensuring we have the correct labels defined for all our resources .
Here ’s what it looks like : export function Labels ( service ) { return { app : service.name , stage : service.tier , environment : service .
environment , region : service.region , } ; } Notice , we ’re exporting this as a function .
The “ why ” will become apparent later … index.js
Finally , our index.js where we export all this to be used : import { Labels } from ' ./ labels ' ; import * as k from ' ./ kube ' ; export function KubeService ( service ) { return [ k .
Deployment ( service ) , k .
Service ( service ) , k .
Ingress ( service ) , ] ; } export { Labels };
We now have a very basic NPM package .
We can push this to git or to the NPM registry and let people use .
So how do we actually use it ?
Using the package Using this is pretty straightforward .
First , add it as a dependency : yarn add " git+https://github.com/jaxxstorm/jkcfg-example#master " #
Pull the dep from git on the master branch
Then import it to be used in your jkcfg index.js : import * as param from ' @jkcfg / std / param ' ; import * as api from ' @jkcfg / kubernetes / api ' ; import * as std from ' @jkcfg / std ' ; //
Import the akp packages import * as ks from ' @jaxxstorm/jkcfg-example ' ; //
This is my package name
Now we ’ve imported it , the fun stuff starts .
For your average person , you can generate the deployment , service and ingress with two files .
First , pad out your index.js like so : //
This reads the params file specified on the command line const service = param .
Object ( ' service ' ) ; //
Set the value of manifest ( written to a file later ) to the exported function const manifest = ks .
KubeServiceService ( service ) ; //
Write the contents of manifest to a manifest file std .
write ( manifest , `manifests / $ { service .
name } .yaml` , { format : std .
Format .
YAMLStream } ) ;
That ’s it !
10 lines of JavaScript to generate our Kubernetes manifest !
Before we get too excited , we need to populate our params file : service : name : myapp # the name of your service namespace : myapp # the namespace you want to deploy to # deployment specific config deployment : annotations : # a key value mapping , below is an example # ' iam.amazonaws.com /role ' : ' kiam - role image : jaxxstorm / myapp ingress : class : ' default ' host : ' myapp.example.com ' # the url you want to access you app on ports : web : 8080 health : 8081 resources : requests : cpu : " 500 m " memory : " 500 Mi " limits : cpu : " 2000 m " memory : " 2000 Mi " environment : dev tier : standard # only used for some config options , added as a label region : us - west - 2
As you can see , the service object does most of the work for us , and we can tailor it per region or per environment as needed .
At this stage , we ’re ready to generate our manifests again .
Let ’s use the command from before : jk run deployment / kube / jk / index.js -o complex / manifests -f complex / params / dev/us - west - 2.yaml - p version = 0.0 .
1 Notice how we specify the version as a parameter outside the params file , simply because we expect this to be a dynamic value .
I ’ll talk more about this in my next post .
This should have generated manifests for you in complex / manifests and now you ’re ready to do some deployments !
Add a ConfigMap
The final part of this is the configuration .
We ’ve so far tried to build a jkcfg package that is as agnostic as possible , and can be reused across many different services and deployments .
The reality is though , you ’re still going to need to add configuration data for the service .
We can utilise what we ’ve got here and add a configmap to the equation which can be customised per-deployment very easily .
In your index.js add the following : // Read the params file for the config object const config = param .
Object ( ' config ' ) ; // ConfigMaps are generally unique to each service function ConfigMap ( service ) { return new api .
core .
v1 . ConfigMap ( service .
name , { metadata : { namespace : service .
namespace , labels : ks .
Labels ( service ) , } , data : config } ) } //
Add the ConfigMap function output to the manifest that is written manifest .
push ( ConfigMap ( service ) )
Your end result should be this : import * as param from ' @jkcfg / std / param ' ; import * as api from ' @jkcfg / kubernetes / api ' ; import * as std from ' @jkcfg / std ' ; //
Import the akp packages import * as ks from ' @jaxxstorm/jkcfg-example ' ; //
This is my package name //
This reads the params file specified on the command line const service = param .
Object ( ' service ' ) ; //
Set the value of manifest ( written to a file later ) to the exported function const manifest = ks .
KubeServiceService ( service ) ; //
Read the params file for the config object const config = param .
Object ( ' config ' ) ; // ConfigMaps are generally unique to each service function ConfigMap ( service ) { return new api .
core .
v1 . ConfigMap ( service .
name , { metadata : { namespace : service .
namespace , labels : ks .
Labels ( service ) , } , data : config } ) } //
Add the ConfigMap function output to the manifest that is written manifest .
push ( ConfigMap ( service ) ) //
Write the contents of manifest to a manifest file std .
write ( manifest , `manifests / $ { service .
name } .yaml` , { format : std .
Format .
YAMLStream } ) ;
This will now generate a ConfigMap , but it ’ll be empty .
You need to add a config object to your params file .
It ’ll end up looking like this : service : name : myapp # the name of your service namespace : myapp # the namespace you want to deploy to # deployment specific config deployment : annotations : # a key value mapping , below is an example # ' iam.amazonaws.com /role ' : ' kiam - role image : jaxxstorm / myapp ingress : class : ' default ' host : ' myapp.example.com ' # the url you want to access you app on ports : web : 8080 health : 8081 resources : requests : cpu : " 500 m " memory : " 500 Mi " limits : cpu : " 2000 m " memory : " 2000 Mi " environment : dev tier : standard # only used for some config options , added as a label region : us - west - 2 config : FOO : bar #
Environment variables you want in your configmap
And now we have a working deployment , with all the resources we might need to run a service .
Benefits
You might be wondering at this point , this a lot of work !
Why not just use a Helm chart ?
My personal thoughts about why I prefer this way are : Helm charts are rarely agnostic .
This pattern can be repeated for a lot of deployments , and because it ’s JavaScript you can also just pick and choose the parts you need and overload some exported functions if needed
Using
Helm charts mean developers have to learn a new pattern , specifically Go templates .
With this method , they can use a programming language which they will undoubtedly feel more familiar with Next steps
This concludes part 1 of my series .
In part 2 , I ’ll talk a little bit about using the CI pipeline to generate these configs and push them to a deploy repo ( specifically with Gitlab - CI ) and then talk a little bit about using Argo do deployments .
All the code from this post can be found in the github repo if you want to take a look !
Stay tuned for the next post !
I ’ve been building a Kubernetes based platform at $ work now for almost a year , and I ’ve become a bit of a Kubernetes apologist .
It ’s true , I think the technology is fantastic .
I am however under no illusions about how difficult it is to operate and maintain .
I read posts like this one earlier in the year and found myself nodding along to certain aspects of the opinion .
If I was in a smaller company , with 10 /15 engineers , I ’d be horrified if someone suggested managing and maintaining a fleet of Kubernetes clusters .
The operational overhead is just too high .
Despite my love for all things Kubernetes at this point , I do remain curious about the notion that “ serverless ” computing will kill the ops engineer .
The main source of intrigue here is the desire to stay gainfully employed in the future - if we are n’t going to need OPS engineers in our glorious future , I ’d like to see what all the fuss is about .
I ’ve done some experimentation in Lamdba and Google Cloud Functions and been impressed by what I saw , but I still firmly believe that serverless solutions only solve a percentage of the problem .
I ’ve had my eye on AWS Fargate for some time now and it ’s something that developers at $ work have been gleefully pointing at as “ serverless computing ” - mainly because with Fargate , you can run your Docker container without having to manage the underlying nodes .
I wanted to see what that actually meant - so I set about trying to get an app running on Fargate from scratch .
I defined the success criteria here as something close - ish to a “ production ready ” application , so I wanted to have the following : A running container on Fargate
With configuration pushed down in the form of environment variables
“ Secrets ” should not be in plaintext
Behind a loadbalancer
TLS enabled with a valid SSL certificate I approached this whole task from an infrastructure as code mentality , and instead of following the default AWS console wizards , I used terraform to define the infrastructure .
It ’s very possible this overcomplicated things , but I wanted to make sure any deployment was repeatable and discoverable to anyone else wanting to follow along .
All of the above criteria is generally achieveable with a Kubernetes based platform using a few external add - ons and plugins , so I ’m admittedly approaching this whole task with a comparitive mentality - because I ’m comparing it with my common workflow .
My main goal was to see how easy this was with Fargate , especially when compared with Kubernetes .
I was pretty surprised with the outcome .
AWS has overhead I had a clean AWS account and was determined to go from zero to a deployed webapp .
Like any other infrastructure in AWS , I had to get the baseline infrastructure working - so I first had to define a VPC .
I wanted to follow the best practices , so I carved the VPC up into subnets across availability zones , with a public and a private subnet .
It occurred to me at this point that as long as this need was always there , I ’d probably be able to find a job of some description .
The notion that AWS is operationally “ free ” is something that has irked me for quite some time now .
Many people in the developer community take for granted how much work and effort there is in setting up and defining a well designed AWS account and infrastructure .
This is before we even start talking about a multi-account architecture - I ’m still in a single account here and I ’m already having to define infrastructure and traditional network items .
It ’s also worth remembering here , I ’ve done this quite a few times now , so I knew exactly what to do .
I could have used the default VPC in my account , and the pre-provided subnets , which I expect many people who are getting started might do .
This took me about half an hour to get running , but I could n’t help but think here that even if I want to run lambda functions , I still need some kind of connectivity and networking .
Defining NAT gateways and routing in a VPC does n’t feel very serveless at all , but it has to be done to get things moving .
Run my damn container
Once I had the base infrastructure up and running , I now wanted to get my docker container running .
I started examining the Fargate docs and browsed through the Getting Started docs and something immediately popped out at me :
Hold on a minute , there ’s at least THREE steps here just to get my container up and running ?
This is n’t quite how this whole thing was sold to me , but let ’s get started .
Task Definitions
A task definition defines the actual container you want to run .
The problem I ran into immediately here is that this thing is insanely complicated .
Lots of the options here are very straightforward , like specifying the docker image and memory limits , but I also had to define a networking model and a variety of other options that I was n’t really familiar with .
Really ?
If I had come into this process with absolutely no AWS knowledge I ’d be incredibly overwhelmed at this stage .
A full list of the parameters can be found on the AWS page , and the list is long .
I knew my container needed to have some environment variables , and it needed to expose a port .
So I defined that first , with the help of a fantastic terraform module which really made this easier .
If I did n’t have this , I ’d be hand writing JSON to define my container definition .
First , I defined some environment variables : container_environment_variables = [ { name = " USER " value = " $ {var.user} " } , { name = " PASSWORD " value = " ${var.password} " } ]
Then I compiled the task definition using the module I mentioned above : module " container_definition_app " { source = " cloudposse/ecs-container - definition / aws " version = " v0.7.0 " container_name = " $ {var.name} " container_image = " ${var.image} " container_cpu = " ${var.ecs_task_cpu} " container_memory = " ${var.ecs_task_memory} " container_memory_reservation = " ${var.container_memory_reservation} " port_mappings = [ { containerPort = " ${var.app_port} " hostPort = " ${var.app_port} " protocol = " tcp " } , ] environment = " ${local.container_environment_variables} " } I was pretty confused at this point - I need to define a lot of configuration here to get this running and I ’ve barely even started , but it made a little sense - anything running a docker container needs to have some idea of the configuration values of the docker container .
I ’ve previously written about the problems with Kubernetes and configuration management and the same problem seemed to be rearing its ugly head again here .
Next , I defined the task definition from the module above ( which thankfully abstracted the required JSON away from me - if I had to hand write JSON at this point I ’ve have probably given up ) .
I realised immediately I was missing something as I was defining the module parameters .
I need an IAM role as well !
Okay , let me define that : resource " aws_iam_role " " ecs_task_execution " { name = " ${var.name}-ecs_task_execution " assume_role_policy = << EOF { " Version " : " 2008 - 10 - 17 " , " Statement " : [ { " Action " : " sts: AssumeRole " , " Principal " : { " Service " : " ecs-tasks.amazonaws.com " } , " Effect " : " Allow " } ] } EOF } resource " aws_iam_role_policy_attachment " " ecs_task_execution " { count = " ${length(var.policies_arn ) } " role = " ${aws_iam_role.ecs_task_execution.id} " policy_arn = " ${element(var.policies_arn , count.index ) } " }
That makes sense , I ’d need to define an RBAC policy in Kubernetes , so I ’m still not exactly losing or gaining anything here .
I am starting to think at this point that this feels very familiar from a Kubernetes perspective .
resource " aws_ecs_task_definition " " app " { family = " $ {var.name} " network_mode = " awsvpc " requires_compatibilities = [ " FARGATE " ] cpu = " ${var.ecs_task_cpu} " memory = " ${var.ecs_task_memory} " execution_role_arn = " ${aws_iam_role.ecs_task_execution.arn} " task_role_arn = " ${aws_iam_role.ecs_task_execution.arn} " container_definitions = " ${module.container_definition_app.json} " }
At this point , I ’ve written quite a few lines of code to get this running , read a lot of ECS documentation and all I ’ve done is define a task definition .
I still have n’t got this thing running yet .
I ’m really confused at this point what the value add is here over a Kubernetes based platform , but I continued onwards .
Services
A service is partly how to expose the container to the world , and partly how you define how many replicas it has .
My first thought was “ Ah !
This is like a Kubernetes service ! ” and I set about mapping the ports and such like .
Here was my first run at the terraform : resource " aws_ecs_service " " app " { name = " $ {var.name} " cluster = " ${module.ecs.this_ecs_cluster_id} " task_definition = " ${data.aws_ecs_task_definition.app.family}:${max(aws_ecs_task_definition.app.revision , data.aws_ecs_task_definition.app.revision ) } " desired_count = " ${var.ecs_service_desired_count} " launch_type = " FARGATE " deployment_maximum_percent = " ${var.ecs_service_deployment_maximum_percent} " deployment_minimum_healthy_percent = " ${var.ecs_service_deployment_minimum_healthy_percent} " network_configuration { subnets = [ " ${values(local.private_subnets ) } " ] security_groups = [ " ${module.app.this_security_group_id} " ] } } I again got frustrated when I had to define the security group for this that allowed access to the ports needed , but I did so and plugged that into the network configuration .
Then I got a smack in the face .
I need to define my own loadbalancer ?
What ?
Surely not ?
LoadBalancers Never Go Away
I was honestly kind floored by this , I ’m not even sure why .
I ’ve gotten so used to Kubernetes services and ingress objects that I completely took for granted how easy it is to get my application on the web with Kubernetes .
Of course , we ’ve spent months building a platform to make this easier at $ work .
I ’m a heavy user of external - dns and cert - manager to automate populating DNS entries on ingress objects and automating TLS certificates and I am very aware of the work needed to get these set up , but I honestly thought it would be easier to do this on Fargate .
I recognise that Fargate is n’t claiming to be the be all and end - all of how to run applications - it ’s just abstracting away the node management - but I have been consistently told this is easier than Kubernetes .
I really was surprised .
Defining a LoadBalancer ( even if you do n’t want to use Ingresses and Ingress controllers ) is part and parcel of deploying a service to Kubernetes , and I had to do the same thing again here .
It just all felt so familiar .
I now realised I needed : A loadbalancer
A TLS certificate
A DNS entry So I set about making those .
I made use of some popular terraform modules , and came up with this : # Define a wildcard cert for my app module " acm " { source = " terraform-aws - modules / acm/ aws " version = " v1.1.0 " create_certificate = true domain_name = " ${var.route53_zone_name} " zone_id = " ${data.aws_route53_zone.this.id} " subject_alternative_names = [ " *.${var.route53_zone_name} " , ] tags = " ${local.tags} " } # Define my loadbalancer resource " aws_lb " " main " { name = " $ {var.name} " subnets = [ " ${values(local.public_subnets ) } " ] security_groups = [ " ${module.alb_https_sg.this_security_group_id} " , " ${module.alb_http_sg.this_security_group_id} " ] } resource " aws_lb_target_group " " main " { name = " $ {var.name} " port = " ${var.app_port} " protocol = " HTTP " vpc_id = " ${local.vpc_id} " target_type = " ip " depends_on = [ " aws_lb.main " ] } # Redirect all traffic from the ALB to the target group resource " aws_lb_listener " " main " { load_balancer_arn = " ${aws_lb.main.id} " port = " 80 " protocol = " HTTP " default_action { target_group_arn = " ${aws_lb_target_group.main.id} " type = " forward " } } resource " aws_lb_listener " " main - tls " { load_balancer_arn = " ${aws_lb.main.id} " port = " 443 " protocol = " HTTPS " certificate_arn = " ${module.acm.this_acm_certificate_arn} " default_action { target_group_arn = " ${aws_lb_target_group.main.id} " type = " forward " } } I ’ll be completely honest here - I screwed this up several times .
I had to fish around in the AWS console to figure out what I ’d done wrong .
It certainly was n’t an “ easy ” process - and I ’ve done this before - many times .
Honestly , at this point , Kubernetes looked positively enticing to me , but I realised it was because I was very familiar with it .
If I was lucky enough to be using a managed Kubernetes platform ( with external - dns and cert - manager preinstalled ) I ’d really wonder what value add I was missing from Fargate .
It just really did n’t feel that easy .
After a bit of back and forth , I now had a working ECS service .
The final definition , including the service , looked a bit like this : data " aws_ecs_task_definition " " app " { task_definition = " $ {var.name} " depends_on = [ " aws_ecs_task_definition.app " ] } resource " aws_ecs_service " " app " { name = " $ {var.name} " cluster = " ${module.ecs.this_ecs_cluster_id} " task_definition = " ${data.aws_ecs_task_definition.app.family}:${max(aws_ecs_task_definition.app.revision , data.aws_ecs_task_definition.app.revision ) } " desired_count = " ${var.ecs_service_desired_count} " launch_type = " FARGATE " deployment_maximum_percent = " ${var.ecs_service_deployment_maximum_percent} " deployment_minimum_healthy_percent = " ${var.ecs_service_deployment_minimum_healthy_percent} " network_configuration { subnets = [ " ${values(local.private_subnets ) } " ] security_groups = [ " ${module.app_sg.this_security_group_id} " ] } load_balancer { target_group_arn = " ${aws_lb_target_group.main.id} " container_name = " app " container_port = " ${var.app_port} " } depends_on = [ " aws_lb_listener.main " , ] } I felt like it was close at this point , but then I remembered I ’d only done 2 of the required 3 steps from the original “ Getting Started ” document - I still needed to define the ECS cluster .
Clusters
Thanks to a very well defined module , defining the cluster to run all this on was actually very easy .
module " ecs " { source = " terraform-aws- modules/ecs / aws " version = " v1.1.0 " name = " $ {var.name} " }
What surprised me the most here is why I had to define a cluster at all .
As someone reasonably familiar with ECS it makes some sense you ’d need a cluster , but I tried to consider this from the point of view of someone having to go through this process as a complete newcomer - it seems surprising to me that Fargate is billed as “ serverless ” but you still need to define a cluster .
It ’s a small detail , but it really stuck in my mind .
Tell me your secrets
At this stage of the process , I was fairly happy I managed to get something running .
There was however something missing from my original criteria .
If we go all the way back to the task definition , you ’ll remember my app has an environment variable for the password : container_environment_variables = [ { name = " USER " value = " $ {var.user} " } , { name = " PASSWORD " value = " ${var.password} " } ]
If I looked at my task definition in the AWS console , my password was there , staring at me in plaintext .
I wanted this to end , so I set about trying to move this into something else , similar to Kubernetes secrets AWS SSM
The way Fargate / ECS does the secret management portion is to use AWS SSM ( the full name for this service is AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store , but I refuse to use that name because quite frankly it ’s stupid )
The AWS documentation covers this fairly well , so I set about converting this to terraform .
Specifying the Secret First , you have to define a parameter and give it a name .
In terraform , it looks like this : resource " aws_ssm_parameter " " app_password " { name = " ${var.app_password_param_name} " #
The name of the value in AWS SSM type = " SecureString " value = " ${var.app_password} " #
The actual value of the password , like correct - horse - battery - stable } Obviously the key component here is the “ SecureString ” type .
This uses the default AWS KMS key to encrypt the data , something that was not immediately obvious to me .
This has a huge advantage over Kubernetes secrets , which are n’t encrypted in etcd by default .
Then I specified another local value map for ECS , and passed that as a secret parameter : container_secrets = [ { name = " PASSWORD " valueFrom = " ${var.app_password_param_name} " } , ] module " container_definition_app " { source = " cloudposse/ecs-container - definition / aws " version = " v0.7.0 " container_name = " $ {var.name} " container_image = " ${var.image} " container_cpu = " ${var.ecs_task_cpu} " container_memory = " ${var.ecs_task_memory} " container_memory_reservation = " ${var.container_memory_reservation} " port_mappings = [ { containerPort = " ${var.app_port} " hostPort = " ${var.app_port} " protocol = " tcp " } , ] environment = " ${local.container_environment_variables} " secrets = " ${local.container_secrets} "
A problem arises
At this point , I redeployed my task definition , and was very confused .
Why is n’t the task rolling out properly ?
I kept seeing in the console that the running app was still using the previous task definition ( version 7 ) when the new task definition ( version 8 ) was available .
This took me way longer than it should have to figure out , but in the events screen on the console , I noticed an IAM error .
I had missed a step , and the container could n’t read the secret from AWS SSM , because it did n’t have the correct IAM permissions .
This was the first time I got genuinely frustrated with this whole thing .
The feedback here was terrible from a user experience perspective .
If I had n’t known any better , I would have figured everything was fine , because there was still a task running , and my app was still available via the correct URL - I was just getting the old config .
In a Kubernetes world , I would have clearly seen an error in the pod definition .
It ’s absolutely fantastic that Fargate makes sure my app does n’t go down , but as an operator I need some actual feedback as to what ’s happening .
This really was n’t good enough .
I genuinely hope someone from the Fargate team reads this and tries to improve this experience .
That ’s a wrap ?
This was the end of the road - my app was running and I ’d met all my criteria .
I did realise that I had some improvements to make , which included : Defining a cloudwatch log group , so I could write logs correctly
Add a route53 hosted zone to make the whole thing a little easier to automate from a DNS perspective
Fix and rescope the IAM permissions , which were very broad at this point
But honestly at this point , I wanted to reflect on the experience .
I threw out a twitter thread about my experience and then spent the rest of the time thinking about what I really felt here .
Table Stakes
What I realised , after an evening of reflection , was that this process is largely the same whether you ’re using Fargate or Kubernetes .
What surprised me the most was that despite the regular claims I ’ve heard that Fargate is “ easier ” I really just could n’t see any benefits over a Kubernetes based platform .
Now , if you ’re in a world where you ’re building Kubernetes clusters I can absolutely see the value here - managing nodes and the control plane is just overhead you do n’t really need .
The problem is - most consumers of a Kubernetes based platform do n’t have to do this .
If you ’re lucky enough to be using GKE , you barely even need to think about the management of the cluster , you can run a cluster with a single gcloud command nowadays .
I regularly use Digital Ocean ’s managed Kubernetes service and I can safely say that it was as easy as spinning up a Fargate cluster - in fact in some way ’s it was easier .
Having to define some infrastructure to run your container is table stakes at this point .
Google may have just changed the game this week with their Google Cloud Run product , but they ’re massively ahead of everyone else in this field .
What I think can be safely said from this whole experience though is this : Running containers at scale is still hard .
It requires thought , it requires domain knowledge , it requires collaboration between Operations and Developers .
It also requires a foundation to build on - any AWS based operation is going to need to have some fundamental infrastructure defined and running .
I ’m very intrigued by the “ NoOps ” concept that some companies seem to aspire for .
I guess if you ’re running a stateless application , and you can put it all inside a lambda function and an API gateway you ’re probably in a good position , but are we really close to this in any kind of enterprise environment ?
I really do n’t think so .
Fair Comparisons
Another realisation that struck me is that often the comparisons between technology A and technology B sometimes are n’t really fair , and I see this very often with AWS .
The reality of the situation is often very different from the Jeff Barr blogpost .
If you ’re a small enough company that you can deploy your application in AWS using the AWS console and select all of the defaults , this absolutely is easier .
However , I did n’t want to use the defaults , because the defaults are almost always not production ready .
Once you start to peel back the layers of cloud provider services , you begin to realise that at the end of the day - you ’re still running software .
It still needs to be designed well , deployed well and operated well .
I believe that the value add of AWS and Kubernetes and all the other cloud providers is it makes it much , much easier to run , design and operate things well , but it is definitely not free .
Arguing for Kubernetes
My final takeaway here is this : if you view Kubernetes purely as a container orchestration tool , you ’re probably going to love Fargate .
However , as I ’ve become more familiar with Kubernetes , I ’ve come to appreciate just how important it is as a technology - not just because it ’s a great container orchestration tool but also because of its design patterns - it ’s declarative , API driven platform .
A simple thought that occurred to me during all of this Fargate process was that if I deleted any of this stuff , Fargate is n’t necessarily going to recreate it for me .
Autoscaling is nice , not having to manage servers and patching and OS updates is awesome , but I felt I ’d lost so much by not being able to use Kubernetes self healing and API driven model .
Sure , Kubernetes has a learning curve - but from this experience , so does Fargate .
Summary Despite my confusion during some of this process , I really did enjoy the experience .
I still believe Fargate is a fantastic technology , and what the AWS team has done with ECS / Fargate really is nothing short of remarkable .
My perspective however is that this is definitely not “ easier ” than Kubernetes , it ’s just .. different .
The problems that arise when running containers in production are largely the same .
If you take anything away from this post it should be this : whichever way you choose is going to have operational overhead .
Do n’t fall into the trap of believing that you can just pick something and your world is going to be easier .
My personal opinion is this :
If you have an operations team and your company is going to be deploying containers across multiple app teams - pick a technology and build processes and tooling around it to make it easier .
I ’m certainly going to take the claims from people that certain technology is easier with a grain of salt from now on .
At this stage , when it comes to Fargate , this sums up my feelings :
When the housekeepers at the three Hyatt hotels in the Boston area were asked to train some new workers , they said they were told the trainees would be filling in during vacations .
On Aug. 31 , staffers learned the full story : None of them would be making the beds and cleaning the showers any longer .
All of them were losing their jobs .
The trainees , it turns out , were employees of a Georgia company , Hospitality Staffing Solutions , who were replacing them that day .
The move to outsource the jobs of about 100 housekeeping employees at the Hyatt Regency Boston , Hyatt Regency Cambridge , and Hyatt Harborside at Logan International Airport is unusual in the hospitality industry , which counts on the housekeeping staff to help make sure hotel guests are comfortable .
“ It ’s unbelievable , ’’ said Lucine Williams , 41 , who has worked at the Hyatt Regency Boston for nearly 22 years and was making $ 15.32 an hour plus health , dental , and 401 ( k ) benefits when she lost her job .
“ I do n’t know how they can treat people like that . ’’
After hearing the news at meetings last month , employees cried and screamed , said Drupattie Jungra , 55 , who had worked at the Cambridge Hyatt for more than 21 years and made $ 15.69 an hour , plus benefits .
“ Where am I going to go look for a job ? ’’ said Jungra , a widow who regularly sends money to her family in Guyana and whose four grown sons live with her .
Hyatt officials confirmed the layoffs at the three hotels , but declined to say whether the chain was considering similar moves in other locations across the country .
“ As part of an ongoing drive to address challenging economic conditions , the Hyatt hotels of Boston have restructured their housekeeping services , ’’ according to a statement from the hotel .
“ Regrettably , the restructuring included staff reductions . ’’
Like many hotels in the Boston area , the Hyatt has struggled this year , as a recession has caused people to cut down on their travel plans .
Boston area hotels experienced a 21 percent drop in revenue per available room in June compared to the year before , according to PKF Hospitality Research , and 10 percent in July .
Chicago - based Hyatt reported revenue fell 18 percent to $ 1.6 billion in the first half of this year .
Other hotels have taken a different approach to riding out the recession .
Earlier this year the Liberty Hotel ended its contract with the company that provided its security and night janitorial service and replaced them with hotel workers from other departments who might have otherwise been laid off .
“ We would not [ outsource housekeepers ] because we want to tightly control the guest experience here and the cleanliness , ’’ said managing director Jim Treadway .
And even more remarkable , they found NO DIFFERENCE in physician attitudes toward private health insurance compared to Medicare ( a single payer , government run program ) with respect to : Physician autonomy in making medical decisions for their patients , or Getting their patients the care they need .
Physicians felt they had just as much freedom to make medical care decisions for their patients and meet their patients ' health care needs under Medicare , as they did under private insurance .
The opponents of reform would have you believe that physicians do not like so called “ government run health care ” and they argue that physicians have always been opposed to any kind of government - run , single payer program .
But once again , the opponents are wrong .
Physicians by wide margins prefer a reformed system with the choice of a public option .
The survey found that primary care physicians ( 65.2 % ) are just as likely to support offering the choice of a public plan , as are specialists ( 64.7 % ) , and surgeons ( 59.4 % ) .
The survey found that physicians who practice in their offices ( 61.5 % ) are just as likely to support the public option as those who are based in hospitals ( 64.9 % ) .
In addition , physicians who are members of the AMA ( 62.2 % ) are just as likely to support the public option as those who are not members ( 63.2 % ) .
And a majority of ALL physicians in every region of the US - North , South , East , West , Mountain and Central -- supported healthcare reform with a public option offered alongside private health insurance plans .
Physicians , we need your voices now more than ever to let your elected representatives know that , as the front line for the delivery of health care , you want a robust public option open to any American who wants it .
No trigger .
No limiting the public option to the currently uninsured and those in small business .
It should be open to those who are underinsured or any American who is unhappy with their coverage .
Everyone should be offered the opportunity to CHOOSE between private plans and the public plan option .
All of the rumors about how physicians do n’t want to practice under a public plan are untrue and unfounded .
Just more lies to try to scare you .
The majority of the American people want a robust public option .
And the majority of US physicians want a robust public option .
When you go to see your doctor over the next few weeks , tell them if you support the public option and why .
And ask them if they support it .
And if they do , encourage them to let their Senators , Congressional representative and President Obama know how they feel .
In the past , physicians and the AMA have often been the biggest obstacle to reform .
This new study suggests that they may be our greatest allies .
This is not the time to weaken the public option , but rather to strengthen it !
Now is not the time to cave on the public option , but to fight for it like there is no tomorrow .
The truth is that without the public option to compete with private insurers and hold down the costs of health care and give the American people the choice of a health insurance plan they know they can count on and that will never be taken away , health care reform is nothing more than another give away to the for - profit health plans and pharmaceutical industry .
Fired up !
Ready to go !
REVIEW : Where The Wild Things Are
By Jake Guidry in Arts & Entertainment on Sep 30 , 2009 5:30 PM
Maurice Sendak first picked Spike Jonze to direct Where The Wild Things Are after seeing Being John Malkovich , a movie Jonze directed a decade ago .
Needless to say , the process it ’s taken to transform Sendak ’s beloved childrens book into a live action feature film has been long and tiring .
And that ’s just for the fans .
We ’ve threatened to eat our parents because of it .
But , the wait will soon be over , and for Chicagoist , it already is .
We were fortunate enough to see an early screening last night of Where The Wild Things Are at The Music Box on Southport that benefited host 826 Chicago and featured Q&A with Max Records , co-writer Dave Eggers , Catherine Keener , and director / writer Spike Jonze .
The event had a good , positive vibe .
However , we must discuss the movie .
The main sentiment heard when one brings up Jonze ’s adaptation of Wild Things is he better not screw it up !
While we feel this way about essentially every film adaptation that ever came from a book , with Sendak ’s story , the feeling is deeper .
Every boy felt as if Where The Wild Things Are was his book .
Every girl felt the story was about her and her childhood .
Damned be the man who tarnishes such a jewel of our childhood .
However , the real obstacle with adapting this book to film is that it ’s less than ten sentences long .
While we usually complain about omissions in film adaptations , it ’s what ’s been added that matters .
The question is : did Eggers and Jonze meaningfully develop such a simple story , or does it float off into some other galaxy , barely representing what the book is all about ?
Settle those nerves , it ’s the former .
Eggers and Jonze have written a story that fully fleshes out the themes and undertones of Sendak ’s book and gives it context within today ’s culture .
The film , like all the rumors have said , is often dark .
It is also sometimes very fun and playful .
However , these are the things that make up a childhood and Eggers and Jonze did not minimize the feelings every 9 - year - old boy has .
The film has a very clear message that is not over - the - top , preachy , or forced .
It all feels very natural and genuine .
There are several moments where we felt deeply connected to the characters .
These moments nearly brought on tears .
We ’re not joking .
The emotionality of Jonze ’s adaptation is the driving force of the film , and a huge part of that was his choice against CGI for the Wild Things ( except for the facial expressions ) .
CGI would have destroyed this film .
The fact that the Wild Things look and seem real in both their appearance and movement is the chief reason we connected with them .
In the book , the Wild Things have no names or developed character .
In the film , they are , and this is perhaps the most gratifying part .
Jonze developed all the Wild Things to have sincere character traits , ones that are arguably manifestations of Max ’s psyche ( he is the one dreaming all of this ) .
The highlight here is Carol , voiced by James Gandolfini .
Gandolfini does an incredible job bringing this character to life and it is easily the most compelling part of Where The Wild Things Are .
There are parts where Gandolfini had us so uneasy and legitimately worried for Max and the other Wild Things that it was difficult to watch , yet we could n’t take our eyes off the screen .
We ’d be surprised if Gandolfini does n’t take any hardware home for his performance .
The choice to shoot in Australia was another great one by Jonze and his team .
It is a beautiful place that allows for the fantasy element to be brought in without being overdone .
These places are real , after all .
Long , wide shots of Max and Carol trekking the desert are beautiful and understated .
“ All this used to be rock , ” Carol tells Max , “ then it turned to sand , then it will turn to dust .
I ’m not sure what comes after dust . ”
It ’s dark , indeed , but poignant nonetheless .
It is moments like this that give much appreciated scope to Sendak ’s story .
There ’s not much to complain about with Where The Wild Things Are .
Perhaps it ’s too dark .
Perhaps it does n’t really offer a solution .
Perhaps it ’s too cryptic .
But that ’s how life is sometimes , and Jonze captures it wonderfully .
For our arbitrary rating , we give it 3.34 Hancock Towers out of 4 .
Here ’s some parts of the Q&A that we were able to get down :
Q : What were the challenges directing the Wild Things ?
Jonze : If [ the Wild Things ] do n’t like the direction , they eat you [ laughter ] .
It was weird framing the shots due to the size of the Wild Things compared to Max .
We also wanted to feel spontaneous and alone while shooting .
Q : How did you deal with the pressure of so many people looking to you to make it great ?
Jonze :
It was scary .
I grew up with the book .
Maurice ’s work is special because it made me feel it was mine and that ’s how everyone feels about it .
But they gave me the flexibility to make it my own .
Q : How was it working with Dave Eggers ?
Jonze :
With what he ’s done with 826 and for so many others , he has so much time and energy to give to other people .
His attitude was that he loved the book and wanted to help me .
I rented an apartment in San Francisco and he would come over every day , help write , leave to go work at 826 , come back and write some more , maybe go back to 826 to tutor a class , then go home and write all night .
He was very helpful .
Q : Who gets the costumes ?
Jonze :
They ’re in my bed right now [ laughter ] .
They made so many of the wolf suits that they gave away a lot of them .
There were a lot of kids on the set and we gave them all wolf suits .
On the last shot we heard noises and looked over and saw all the kids in the wolf suits , smashing up the set .
Q : What was the process for developing the character ?
Jonze : Dave Eggers and I sat in a room for eight hours a day , maybe wrote for 20 minutes and talked about how we would do the movie for the rest .
Somehow in that equation of eight hours with 20 minutes of writing we were able to develop the characters .
A BRITISH surgeon who helped save the career of Andy Murray has stored thousands of body parts from patients over 25 years , a leaked report alleges .
A BRITISH surgeon who helped save the career of Andy Murray has stored thousands of body parts from patients over 25 years , a leaked report alleges .
The surgeon at the centre of a body parts scandal operated on patients who were dangerously sedated so that their procedures could be carried out ...
The surgeon at the centre of a body parts scandal operated on patients who were dangerously sedated so that their procedures could be carried out ...
Calls are growing for an official inquiry into the findings of a leaked report that claimed Derek McMinn , a world - renowned hip surgeon from Northern Ireland , ...
Calls are growing for an official inquiry into the findings of a leaked report that claimed Derek McMinn , a world - renowned hip surgeon from Northern Ireland , ...
Derek McMinn , the inventor of a pioneering hip resurfacing technique was suspended from Edgbaston Hospital in Birmingham where he carried out most of the ...
MSI lancia il più sottile notebook 15.6 ” : MSI X600 .
Non è un caso che il nome del PC inizi per X : XTRA sottile , XTRA leggero , XTRA durata della batteria .
Fino a 4.5 ore di autonomia , scheda video ATI di fascia alta e vasta scelta di protocolli di connettività senza fili , dal Wireless al WiMax .
MSI introduce il nuovo notebook 15.6 pollici ultra sottile e leggero : MSI X600 .
Il notebook MSI X600 notebook è basato su piattaforma Intel CULV e si caratterizza dalla tecnologia MSI Eco Engine per risparmiare più energia rispetto gli altri notebooks .
La scheda video discreta a bordo offre eccezionali performance unendo estetica del notebook e tecnologia della scheda grafica in un unica soluzione .
L’ MSI X600 si caratterizza da schermo LCD 16:9 widescreen , tastierino numerico e piena connettività in modo da presentare i notebook MSI serie X - Slim con caratteristiche differenti rispetto quelli tradizionali
Ciò che rende eccezionale l’ MSI X600 è il suo peso di soli 2.1 kg con batteria a 6 celle , rendendo questo notebook 15.6 " il più sottile e leggero del mondo .
Inoltre , l’ MSI X600 è equipaggiato con schermo 16:9 LCD widescreen , tastierino numerico e ottima connettività .
L’ MSI X600 si presenta con batteria in polimeri di litio combinata con la piattaforma Intel CULV per offrire un’ottima durata della batteria .
Rispetto ai notebook tradizionali , l’ MSI X600 ha una durata della batteria di circa 4.5 ore .
Batteria con maggiore capacità a 9 celle sono disponibili per prolungare maggiormente la durata della batteria di questo notebook .
L’ MSI X600 si caratterizza anche dalla tecnologia ECO Engine .
Con questa tecnologia l’utente può scegliere tra 5 differenti modalità ( Gaming , Movie , Presentation , Office e Turbo Battery ) per minimizzare il dispendio energetico ed offrire le giuste perfomance .
La scheda grafica ATI 3D di fascia alta nell ’
MSI X600 apporta colori più nitidi sullo schermo per offrire una visuale più ricca e compoleta .
Lo schermo 16:9 LCD e l’interfaccia HDMI sono perfettamente studiati per riprodurre contenuti HD .
L’ MSI X600 è anche equipaggiato con la 2nda generazione Dobly Surround con 4 casse e lettore Blu-ray opzionale .
L’ MSI X600 offre 802.11 b/g/n
Wi -FI wireless LAN e supporto Bluetooth .
Che sei in un bar , all ’università , in ufficio , in aeroporto o sulla strada , con il modulo WiMAX opzionale incrementa la banda di connessione della wireless del MSI X600 a livelli eccezionali .
Di seguito , le principali caratteristiche tecniche :
Montreal : Montreal`s mayor says a tentative deal has been reached to return Formula One racing to the city in 2010 .
Mayor Gerald Tremblay says the race date and other details still have to be worked out .
Tremblay spoke Thursday after F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone recently told a motor sport magazine that Montreal would be back on the racing calendar in 2010
Montreal was dropped from the 2009 schedule after negotiations with race organizers collapsed .
It was the first time in more than 20 years an F1 race was not held in Montreal .
Bureau Report
In what appears to be a beauty pageant held at a prison in Russia , scores of women gather around a makeshift runway in the courtyard as their fellow inmates strut their stuff .
I do n't read Russian , but the photographs alone tell a great story .
More photos here [ via Zaeega ( Japanese ) ]
Adobe Reader 9.1.3
http://www.adobe.com/
Upgrades work fine , but for fresh install see : http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/510/cpsid_51031.html
32 - bit kernel required creates problem
Adobe Reader 9.2 http://ww.adobe.com/
Power Macintosh not supported corrects the install problem
ADTPro 1.1.3 http://adtpro.sourceforge.net
Serial support updated for Snow Leopard .
AdWords Editor 7.5.2 http://www.google.com/intl/en/adwordseditor/
Afloat 2.1.1 http://infinite-labs.net/afloat/
Uninstall PlugSuit .
Install SIMBL 0.9.6 c from http://www.culater.net/software/SIMBL/SIMBL.php.
Get Afloat.dmg and open image .
Show context menu and choose " Show package contents " .
In the Contents / Plugins submenu , copy a file called Afloat . bundle and go to Library / Application Support / in your home directory and place the Afloat . bundle in the SIMBL / Plugins directory ( create it if it does not exist ) .
Age of Empires 2 1.0.6
http://www.macsoftgames.com
Works well , requires Rosetta
Age of Empires 3 1.0.4 http://www.macsoftgames.com
Works well in single and multiplayer
AIM for Mac 1.5 http://www.aim.com/get_aim/mac/latest_macosx.adp
Works well with 10.6
AIM for Mac 2.0B http://beta.aol.com/projects.php?project=aimformac2
Works well with 10.6
Airfoil 3.3.4 http://rogueamoeba.com/airfoil/mac/
Instant Hijack now works in 3.3.3 ( for apps running in 32 - bit mode ) .
AirPhones 2.0 http://www.airphonesapp.com
No problems thus far
AirPort Utility 5.4.2 http://www.apple.com/macosx/what-is-macosx/apps-and-utilities.html#airport
OS X Utility
AirPort Admin Utility for Graphite and Snow 4.2.5 http://tiny.cc/lhXLv
Airtunes
Air Traffic Control 2.1 http://www.spintriplet.com/
Notes ( Comments )
Alarm Clock 2.4.5 http://www.robbiehanson.com/alarmclock/
Works fine with 10.6
Alepin 3.14 b2 ( 315 ) http://www.inode.com/
Website intermittent
Alien Skin EyeCandy 5 Impact 5.5.2 http://www.alienskin.com/ec5i/index.aspx
PS Plugin
Alien Skin Image Doctor 2.0.0 http://www.alienskin.com/imagedoctor/index.aspx
PS Plugin
Alkaline 2.0 Beta http://litmusapp.com/alkaline/
AllBookmarks 3.1.4 ( 6479 )
http://agilewebsolutions.com/products/AllBookmarks
Works for some , not for others
AllTel Quicklink Mobile 4.0.7 ( build 2189 b ) http://alltelrim.quicklinkmobile.com/
( No comment )
aLaunch 4.0.1 http://mactips-lib.net/m/software/alaunch/en/main.html
( Replaces aLunch / FR loc / 2010 -07-20 )
Amadeus Pro 1.4.3
http://www.hairersoft.com/AmadeusPro/
Amazing Slow Downer 3.2.5.2 http://www.ronimusic.com/
Seems to work fine
Amazing Slow Downer 3.2.5.4 http://www.ronimusic.com/
Seems to work fine
Amazon MP3 Downloader 1.0.7 http://tr.im/xvz9
Purchased song downloaded & added to iTunes without issues
Amnesty Hypercube 0.5 http://www.amnestywidgets.com/HypercubeMac.html
( No comment )
aMSN http://www.amsn-project.net
The official version does n't work , but you can download the 0.98 beta for mac from : http://tr.im/x7Ye
Anna_London 3.2.5.4 http://londonapartmentsrental.co.uk/
Works very well
Analogy ( Screensaver ) http://www.jessonyip.com/analogy/
" Awaiting ScreenTime update for ( 10.6 ) . "
Anapolis Center 3.2.5.4 http://www.anapolis.gr/
Works very well
Ankh Special Edition v1.0 http://www.ankh-game.com/
Updated version already under Leopard using http://www.apple.com/downloads/macosx/games/demos_updates/ankh.html
AOL Desktop for Mac 1.5.x
http://mac.aol.com
Tested with 10.6
AOL Desktop for Mac 1.6B http://beta.aol.com/projects.php?project=desktop_mac1_6
Tested with 10.6
Anki 0.9.9.8.5 http://www.ichi2.net/anki/download/index.html
Works fine ( tested with 32 - bit kernel )
APC PowerChute 1.3.4 http://www.apc.com/tools/download/index.cfm
( No comment )
APC PowerChute PE 1.3.3 http://www.apc.com
Managing from System Preference / Energy Saver / UPS select Shutdown Options .
Aperture 3.0.3 http://www.apple.com/fr/aperture/
( No comment / FR loc / 2010 - 04 - 29 )
Aperture 3.1 http://www.apple.com/fr/aperture/
( No comment / FR loc / 2010 - 10 - 19 )
AP Grapher 1.2.1 http://www.chimoosoft.com
Does not recognize that there is networks available .
Gives only an inaccurate signal reading .
Apimac Secret Foldder 7.0 http://www.apimac.com/index.php
Apimac Timer 6.3
http://www.apimac.com/timer/index.php
Apogee Duet September '09 Update http://www.apogeedigital.com/products/duet.php
AppCleaner 1.2.2 http://www.freemacsoft.net/AppCleaner/
( CleanApp works better / FR loc / 2008-08-19 )
AppFresh 0.8.5 http://metaquark.de/appfresh/
( Find updates older than the installed software / 2009 - 09-09 )
Appigo Sync 1.0 http://www.appigo.com/appigo-sync/
Apple Aperture 2.1.3
http://www.apple.com/aperture
Apple iDVD 6.0.4
http://www.apple.com/ilife/idvd/
Seems to work , but may have some glitches .
Apple iDVD 7.0.4
http://www.apple.com/ilife/idvd/
A little laggy on startup , but works fine after that .
May crash when encoding assets set on High Quality or Professional Quality
Apple iMovie HD 6.0.4
http://www.apple.com/ilife/imovie/
Seems to work , but may have some glitches .
Apple iPhoto 6.0.6
http://www.apple.com/ilife/iphoto/
Works fine *
Apple iPhoto 7.1.5 http://www.apple.com/ilife/iphoto/
Works fine *
Apple iPhoto 8.1 http://www.apple.com/ilife/iphoto/
Sometimes can not display image when " edit " is pressed .
Had to log out & back in to resolve
Apple iWeb 2.0.4
http://www.apple.com/ilife/iweb/
AppleJack 1.6 http://applejack.sourceforge.net/#top
Works
Apple Keynote 5.0.2 http://www.apple.com/iwork/keynote/
Printing Handouts : no divider or rule lines
Apple Motion 3.0 http://www.apple.com/finalcutstudio/motion/
( No comment )
Apple Motion 4.0 http://www.apple.com/finalcutstudio/motion/
My copy opens up very very slowly compared to OS 10.5.8 .
Quite sluggish in operation too since " upgrade "
Apple Numbers 2.0.2
http://www.apple.com/iwork/numbers/
Apple Pages 4.0.2
http://www.apple.com/iwork/pages/
Apple Remote Desktop ( ARD ) 3.2
http://www.apple.com/de/remotedesktop
Requires 3.2 Client installed on same machine as Admin software .
Use apple support file to remove 3.3 client ( http://support.apple.com/kb/HT2577)
Apple Remote Desktop 3.3.1 http://www.apple.com/remotedesktop/
AppleScript Editor 2.3 http://www.macosxautomation.com/applescript/
Apple Server Admin Tools 10.5.x
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1822
Install Server Admin Tools v10.6 or greater to administer Mac OS X Server 10.5 and 10.6
Apple Works 6.2.9 http://support.apple.com/downloads/AppleWorks_6_2_9_for_Mac needs Rosetta
Apple Works 2 2.2.9 b
http://tiny.cc/9aw3p
Apple Xsan 2.1.1 or less http://www.apple.com/xsan/
Requires forthcoming 2.2 update
Application Enhancer 2.5.2 http://unsanity.com/haxies/ape
http://www.diigo.com/06yq1; last issue : Aug 2009 for 10.5
AppTrap 1.1.3
http://onnati.net/apptrap/
64 bit enabled
AppZapper 1.8 http://www.appzapper.com
Works , but after putting program (s ) to zap , the window becomes white - restart app and it goes away
Aptana Studio 1.0.0 http://aptana.com/studio
Upgrade to version 1.5
Aptana 1.5 http://aptana.com/studio
Yes , it works !
Not all plugins tested .
Aqua Data Studio 7.5.34 http://www.aquafold.com/
Aquamacs Emacs 2.0 preview2 http://www.aquamacs.org/
Araxis Merge 2009.3725 http://www.araxis.com/
Company is aware of some issues but should be broadly usable ( http://www.araxis.com/news.html)
ArchiveConnect 1.0.2c05 http://www.grouplogic.com/products/ArchiveConnect/
Updgrade to v1.0.2x05 .
More info : http://support.grouplogic.com/
Art Directors Toolkit 4.2.2 http://www.code-line.com/
Art Directors Toolkit 5.2 http://www.code-line.com/
ArtRage 2.5.20 http://www.artrage.com/
Still being tested by vendor but preliminary ok .
http://bit.ly/4r2ONN
Art Text 2.2.1 http://www.belightsoft.com/products/arttext/
2.2.1 for Snow Leopard
ASM 2.2.12 http://www.vercruesse.de/software/asm
Appears to install , but does n't work
ASM 2.3 http://www.vercruesse.de/software/asm
Dock sub menu feature currently not supported under 10.6 ( possibly never ) .
May require new license purchase .
Asticones 1.2.0 http://www.spyroland.net/asticones/download.html
( No comment / FR loc / 2003-02-25 )
atMonitor 2.1.5 http://www.atpurpose.com/atMonitor/
( No comment / 2008-08- 19 )
aTV Flash 3.6.3 http://www.atvflash.com
Audio Hijack Pro 2.9.4 http://rogueamoeba.com/audiohijackpro
Instant Hijack now works in 2.9.3 ( for apps running in 32 - bit mode ) .
Audio Hijack 2.2.6
http://www.rogueamoeba.com/audiohijack/
Rogue Amoeba no longer supports this program but it still works
Audio MIDI Setup 3.0.1
http://www.apple.com/macosx/what-is-macosx/apps-and-utilities.html#midi
OS X Utility
Audio Recorder 3.2 http://tr.im/x6zD
Audio Switcher 1.3 http://www.spikesoft.net/downloads.php#as
Shows in menu but is non-functional .
Audiobook Builder 1.1.1
http://www.splasm.com/
Cover
Art reflection is not drawn correctly in each Project ’s Cover section .
Cover
Art is drawn properly in the final Project output .
Audiobook Maker 0.1 beta http://audiobookmaker.sourceforge.net/
( No comment )
AutoCat 3.0.8
http://kebawe.com/autocat/
Requires Rosetta
Autodesk Maya 2010 http://www.autodesk.com/maya
Autodesk MudBox 2010 http://www.autodesk.com/mudbox
Automatic RSS 1.0.1 http://codingcurious.com/automatic/
32bit
AutoPairs 3.0.3
http://www.jwwalker.com/pages/autopairs.html now runs on 64 bit
Application Name Version URL Status Notes
Backup Bouncer 0.2.0 http://www.n8gray.org/code/backup-bouncer/
ctool lib is broken .
But should be easy to fix .
Bank X 4.0.5
http://www.application-systems.de/bankx/
Bannerzest 1.5 http://www.aquafadas.com/en/bannerzest/
Have n't tested all banner types , but those I have all worked OK
Barcode Generator 1.0b8 http://osx.iusethis.com/app/barcodegenerator
Barcode Producer 5.5 http://www.itsapparent.com/barcodeproducer/
basICColor catch 3.3.2 http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICColor certify 3.3.2 http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICColor CMYKick 1.2.0 http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICColor control 3.3.2 http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICColor demon 1.1.1 http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICColor display 4.1.22 http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICColor dragLINK photo 1.1.0 http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICColor dragLINK proof 1.0.0 http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICColor dragLINK print 1.0.0 http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICColor dragLINK save 1.0.0 http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICColor dropRGB 1.2.0 http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICColor gHOST 1.1.0 http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICColor input 3.1.2
http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICColor LINKflow 1.0.0 http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICColor print 3.1.0 http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICColor SMARtt 1.0.0 http://softproofware.de//
basICCoolTool Profile′s Secret 1.0.1
http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICCoolTool The Missing Link 1.2.1 http://www.basiccolor.de/
basICCoolTool ShadowMatch 1.0 http://www.basiccolor.de/
Requires Rosetta
basICCoolTool spoTTuner 1.0 http://www.basiccolor.de/
Requires Rosetta
basICCoolTool WhitePoint Editor 1.0.0 http://www.basiccolor.de/
Requires Rosetta
BatChmod 1.6.3
http://www.macchampion.com/arbysoft/BatchMod/Welcome.html
( No comment / FR loc / 2010 - 06 - 27 )
basICCoolTool MatchPatch 1.1.0 http://www.basiccolor.de/
Battery Health Monitor 1.5 http://sonoragraphics.com/batteryhealth.html
Battle for Wesnoth 1.4.3
http://www.wesnoth.org/start/1.4/index.html.en
( No comment )
BBEdit Lite 6.1 http://www.macupdate.com/info.php/id/3693/bbedit-lite
Requires Rosetta
Bento 1 http://www.filemaker.com/
Bento 2.0.4
http://www.filemaker.com/ use free update to 2.0.5
Bento 2.0.5 http://www.filemaker.com/
a bit flaky when restoring from backup
BetterZip 1.8.1 http://macitbetter.com/ tar files not working correctly - 1.8.2 supposedly fixes this ( but seemingly not for everyone )
BigPond Wireless Broadband 2.13.15 http://my.bigpond.com/help/downloads/
Cannot detect the 3G USB modem when modem is first plugged in .
Need to quit and restart the program ( with the 3G USB modem plugged in ) for it to detect the device .
Billable 1.2.4 http://clickablebliss.com/billable
Works fine .
BitWise IM 1.7.3
http://www.bitwiseim.com/
Blackmagic Decklink Drivers 7.3.1 http://www.blackmagic-design.com/support/software/snowleopard/
Recently updated for Snow Leopard
BlogAssist 2.2.3
http://www.dejal.com/blogassist/
Fully compatible
BlueHarvest 3.0.1 http://www.zeroonetwenty.com/blueharvest/
64-bit support
Bluetooth File Exchange 2.2.4 http://www.apple.com/macosx/what-is-macosx/apps-and-utilities.html#bluetooth
OS X Utility
Bodega 1.2.1 http://www.brothersoft.com/bodega-268961.html
( No comment / 2010 - 08 - 18 )
Bodega 1.2.2
http://www.brothersoft.com/bodega-268961.html
( No comment / 2010 -09 - 10 )
Boinc 6.6.36 http://boinc.berkeley.edu/
Almost OK .
Had to reinstall .
Works except for screensaver ; screensaver will be fixed in version 6.10.x ( now in beta test )
BOINCManager 6.10.58 http://boinc.berkeley.edu/download.php
( No comment / FR loc / 2010 -07-01 )
Bonjour Browser 1.5.6
http://www.tildesoft.com/Programs.html
Bonsai 3D 1.0 http://www.bonzai3d.com/
Books 3.2.5a http://books.aetherial.net/
No longer supported .
Move library to another Books cataloging app .
BookSmart 2.0.2.29291 http://www.blurb.com/make/booksmart
NO ISSUES
Boot Camp Assistant 3.0.1 http://www.apple.com/support/bootcamp/
OS X Utility
Bowtie 1.0 beta 2 http://bowtieapp.com/
Some skins wo n't work .
Bowlet disappears after waking up your Mac .
Box Shot 3D 2.12.1 http://www.boxshot3d.com
Boxee 0.9.14.6992
http://www.boxee.tv/download
Playing video_ts folders ( DVD rips ) crashes app .
Apple Remote controls Plex and Front Row / iTunes / Volume simultaneously .
BR-600/900CD Rhythm Editor 1.0 http://www.roland.com/products/en/_support/dld.cfm?PRODUCT=BR-900CD_V2
No issues
Brightness Control 1.0.4
http://www.splasm.com/products/productbrightness.html
( No comment )
Bug Labs USB CDC 1.0 http://www.buglabs.net/
USB networking and is not supported
Burn 2.4.1u http://burn-osx.sourceforge.net/Pages/English/home.html
( No comment / FR loc / 2010 - 04 - 26 )
BurnAgain FS 1.4 http://freeridecoding.com/burnagainfs/
Business Card Composer 4.5.6 http://www.belightsoft.com/composer/
Butler 4.1.6
http://www.manytricks.com/butler/
Some custom icons not displayed
BZFlag 2.0.10 http://bzflag.org/
Works OK but appears to hang on exit and does not return to desktop .
Mouse & keyboard appears to operate on desktop even though BZFlag screen is still displayed .
Eventually quits back to desktop .
May be an update , have not checked .
Application Name Version URL Status Notes
Caboodle 1.3.3
http://www.dejal.com/caboodle/
Fully compatible
Cabos 0.8.1 http://cabos.sourceforge.jp/
Needs Rosetta to run
Cache Cleaner 5.0.4
http://www.macupdate.com/info.php/id/9503/snow-leopard-cache-cleaner
A shareware licensed .
Clear caches , access hidden OS X settings , much more .
Calculator 4.5.2 http://www.apple.com/macosx/what-is-macosx/apps-and-utilities.html#calculator
Part of OS x
Calgoo Connect 2.1.3
http://www.calgoo.com/connect/index.do
This is a Java app requiring Java 1.5+ .
Some anecdotal evidence that it does n't work .
http://www.broadbandreports.com/forum/r22938066-Snow-Leopard-Install-Success~start=60
Calibre 0.6.14 http://calibre.kovidgoyal.net/
Works as of 6.1.14
Calibre 0.7.14 http://calibre-ebook.com/download_osx
( No comment / FR loc / 2010 - 08 - 14 )
Calibre 0.7.15 http://calibre-ebook.com/download_osx
( No comment / FR loc / 2010 -08 - 20 )
Calibre 0.7.16 http://calibre-ebook.com/download_osx
( No comment / FR loc / 2010 - 08 - 27 )
Calibre 0.7.23 http://calibre-ebook.com/download_osx
( No comment / FR loc / 2010 - 10-08 )
Calibre 0.7.28 http://calibre-ebook.com/download_osx
( No comment / FR loc / 2010 - 11- 12 )
Cambridge Preparation for the TOEFL Test 1.1 b http://www.cambridge.org/us/esl/catalog/subject/item2489426/Test-Preparation/?site_locale=en_US
Requires Rosetta
Camfrog Video Chat 1.9 http://camfrog.com/
Camino 1.6.9 http://caminobrowser.org/ issue with Java Works perfectly
Camino 1.6.10 http://caminobrowser.org/
Java disabled
Camino 2.0 b3 http://preview.caminobrowser.org/ issue with Java
Camino 2.0 b4 http://preview.caminobrowser.org/
Java still has problems
Camouflage 1.25 http://briksoftware.com/products/camouflage/
( No comment / FR loc / 2009-02-04 )
Camtwist 2.0 http://www.allocinit.com
Opens but cannot use movie inputs and most special effects broken
Canon CAPT laser printer drivers CAPT v1.70 http://software.canon-europe.com/software/0028785.asp?model=
For iSensys LBP - 5000 ( at least ) this 10.5 Leopard driver works fine on 10.6 Snow Leopard
Canon EOS Utility 2.6.1 http://software.canon-europe.com/software/0033266.asp?model=
Crashes when downloading all images or attempting to select images on the Mac to download .
Selecting images on the camera works , but is very tedious since each image needs to be individually downloaded .
Canon iPF printer drivers all http://www.usa.canon.com/consumer/controller?act=DownloadIndexAct 10.6 Compatible drivers coming by October 9th .
CanoScan Toolbox 5.0.1.2 http://download.cnet.com/CanoScan-Toolbox/3000-2094_4-10972136.html
( No comment )
Capo 1.1.2 http://supermegaultragroovy.com/products/Capo/
Works great for me !
CaptainFTP 6.1 http://www.captainftp.com//
works well
Capture One 4.8.2 http://www.captureone.com/
Workarounds on Phase One 's site http://tr.im/xlzv
Capture One LE 3.77
http://www.captureone.com/
Leica bundled version
Carbon Copy Cloner 3.3
http://www.bombich.com/software/ccc.html
It 's necessary to DL and use ver. 3.3 which is SL compatible .
Earlier versions cause apparent I / O errors and may not boot properly from the clone
Carbon Copy Cloner 3.3.3
http://www.bombich.com/index.html
( No comment / FR loc / 2010 - 06 - 29 )
Carbon Copy Cloner 3.3.5 http://www.bombich.com/index.html
( No comment / 2010 - 11-04 )
Carbonite for Mac 1.1.1 Build 344 http://www.carbonite.com/
SL 32 and 64 - bit now supported .
Carrara 6.2.1.18 http://daz3d.com
Runs , but has a menu font problem .
See link for work around .
[ http://forum.daz3d.com/viewtopic.php?t=120924]
Carrara 7.2 http://daz3d.com
Runs , but has a menu font problem .
See link for work around .
[ http://forum.daz3d.com/viewtopic.php?t=120924]
Cassio 7.5 http://cassio.free.fr/
( No comment / FR loc / 2009 -08-06 )
Celestia 1.6.0 http://www.shatters.net/celestia/download.html
( No comment / FR loc / 2009-07-08 )
Celtx 2.0.2 http://celtx.com/
Works well
Centrify DirectControl 4.4 http://centrify.com/mac
Works very well
Cha -Ching 2.0b99 beta build 340 http://www.midnightapps.com/chaching/
Working 32 - bit
Chandler Desktop 1.0.3 http://tr.im/xvzc bug 12860
Chandler Hub 1.1 - SNAPSHOT
https://hub.chandlerproject.org/
Instance of Chandler Server ( a.k.a. Cosmo ) : bugs 12861 and 12863 affecting interop with iCal
Charles Web Debugging Proxy 3.3.1 http://www.xk72.com/charles works fine
Charles Web Debugging Proxy 3.4
http://www.xk72.com/charles works fine
Check Off 4.0.2
http://www.secondgearsoftware.com/checkoff/ 64-bit
CheckBook 2.0.3
http://www.splasm.com/
Speakable are not working properly .
Checkpoint SecureClient http://www.checkpoint.com/products/vpn-1_clients/
Will not load a previous installation or allow new installation out of the box , but works fine with minimal changes to either existing installation files or installation package using this tutorial : http://harald.haentsch.com/ … FOR ADVANCED VPN GATEWAY ADMINISTRATORS
ONLY : IPSecuritas ( alternate product ) works and will connect to Checkpoint VPN - 1 but requires a lot of technical knowledge to make it work .
Chess 2.4.2
http://www.apple.com/macosx/what-is-macosx/apps-and-utilities.html#chess
Part of OS x by
Chicken of the VNC 2.0b4 http://sourceforge.net/projects/cotvnc/
Chmox 0.4 b http://chmox.sourceforge.net/
Despite de filename ( Chmox - 0.4beta-i386_ppc.dmg ) , it works .
My machine is a MBP / Snow Leopard 10.6.4
Chuzzle Deluxe 1.0.0 http://www.spintop-games.com/puzzle_game_download/chuzzle.html
( No comment )
Cinema 4d - Maxon 11.0 http://www.maxon.net/en/products/editions-bundles.html
( No comment )
Cisco AnyConnect VPN Client 2.3.0.185 http://www.cisco.com/en/US/prod/collateral/vpndevc/ps6032/ps6094/ps6120/data_sheet_c78-527494.html 32bit Mode ONLY
Cisco AnyConnect VPN Client 2.4.0.154 ( BETA )
http://www.cisco.com/en/US/prod/collateral/vpndevc/ps6032/ps6094/ps6120/data_sheet_c78-527494.html previous do not work
Cisco Clean Access Agent 4.1.3.1
http://www.cisco.com/en/US/products/ps6128/products_qanda_item09186a00803b7a92.shtml
Does not recognize 10.6 as a valid version .
However , a workaround is available to access networks protected with the Clean Access Agent .
Using Firefox and the User - Agent Switcher ( http://bit.ly/ljcT), switch your user - agent to " Mozilla / 5.0 ( Macintosh ; U ; Intel Mac OS X ; en-US ; rev:1.8.0.1 " and the Clean Access Agent will allow you to log on .
Cisco Clean Access Agent 4.7.1.506
http://www.cisco.com/en/US/products/ps6128/products_qanda_item09186a00803b7a92.shtml
New Version with Snow Leopard Support
Cisco Unified Personal Communicator UPC 7.0.2.13494 http://www.cisco.com/en/US/products/ps6844/index.html
Audio input and output do n't work
Cisco VPN Client 4.9 0100 http://www.cisco.com/cisco/web/download/index.html
Reinstall needed ?
4.9 0100 works here , after re-install under SL .
NOTE : SL includes native support for Cisco VPN under Network Preferences
Cisco VPN Client 4.9 0180 http://www.cisco.com/cisco/web/download/index.html
4.9 0100 does not work , neither does DNS when the " Split - DNS " feature is enabled on the Server on any version , Only works in 32 - bit mode .
Reinstall following snow leopard install .
NOTE : SL includes native support for Cisco VPN under Network Preferences
City of Heroes 19.20090716.3t ( current version )
http://www.cityofheroes.com/en.html may even run faster !
Citrin 1.3R http://www.gigawiz.com
But only if run under rosetta
Citrix ICA Client 10.00.600 http://tr.im/x6wP
32-bit
Citrix Dazzle 11.0 http://tinyurl.com/nkl3nd
Citrix " aware " .
Back - grade to 10 seems OK
Civilization III 1.22 Rev. A http://www.civ3.com/
yep , still works
Civilization IV 1.74 http://www.civ4.com/
Yes , it works
ClamXav 1.1.1
http://www.clamxav.com/ quits on launching - use 2.0.1 Public Beta
ClamXav 2.0.1 with ClamAV 0.95.2 backend http://www.clamxav.com/index.php?page=v2beta
Public Beta version ; may be buggy .
Became unresponsive
Classroom Maestro 2.1.x
http://www.timewarptech.com/Pages/Products/CM/CM.html
Works Great
CleanApp 3.1.6
http://www.synium.de/products/cleanapp/index.html language switched to english
CleanApp 3.4 http://www.syniumsoftware.com/cleanapp/
( No comment / FR loc / 2010 -22-07 )
CleanApp 3.4.1 http://www.syniumsoftware.com/cleanapp/
( Works better than AppCleaner / FR loc / 2010 -08 - 26 )
CleanApp 3.4.3
http://www.syniumsoftware.com/cleanapp/
( Works better than AppCleaner / FR loc / 2010 - 10 - 13 )
CleanMyMac 1.9.2 http://www.macpaw.com/cleanmymac/
( No comment / FR loc ) / 2010-07-12
CleanMyMac 1.9.3 http://www.macpaw.com/cleanmymac/
( No comment / FR loc ) / 2010-09-16
CLIX 2.0.0.4 http://rixstep.com/4/0/clix/
commands containing sudo will not run - fixed in ver .
2.0.0.5
CLIX 2.0.0.5 http://rixstep.com/4/0/clix/
New command batch specifically for Snow Leopard 10.6 .
Cmap Tools 5.03 http://cmap.ihmc.us/
Cocktail 4.5 http://www.maintain.se/cocktail/index.php
4.5 adds full Snow Leopard and 64 - bit compatibility .
CocoaBooklet 2.0.4
http://www.iconus.ch/fabien/products/cbeng/cbeng.html
A complete rewrite to work with Snow Leopard is required
Cocalicious 1.0b46 http://www.scifihifi.com/cocoalicious/
crash on startup
CocoaMySQL 0.7.1 not available ( see Sequel Pro )
coconutWiFi 2.0 http://www.macupdate.com/info.php/id/20545/coconutwifi crashes
CocoViewX 0.9.6
http://www.stalkingwolf.net/software/cocoviewx/
Crash on quit
Coda 1.6.4
http://www.panic.com/coda/
Works , also 1.6.5 released 28/08/09 to fix a few bugs
Cog 0.07 http://cogx.org/
Worked fine for my project and loved it .
ColorMunki Create 1.1 http://www.colormunki.com/
ColorMunki Design 1.1.0 http://www.colormunki.com/ issues are being addressed , and a new version will be released soon http://tiny.cc/wxc8A
ColorMunki Photo 1.1.0 http://www.colormunki.com/ issues are being addressed , and a new version will be released soon http://tiny.cc/wxc8A
Color Schemer Studio 1.6
http://www.colorschemer.com/
ColorSync Utility 4.6.2 http://www.apple.com/macosx/what-is-macosx/apps-and-utilities.html#colorsync
OS X Utility
Combine PDFs 4.4 http://www.monkeybreadsoftware.de/Freeware/CombinePDFs.shtml
Comic Life 1.5 http://plasq.com/comiclife/
( No comment )
Commander - Europe at War 1.06
http://www.freeverse.com/games/game/?id=7020
Both solo & multiplayer Hotseat / PBEM
Command and Conquer 3 : Tiberium Wars 1.09
http://www.ea.com/games/command-and-conquer-tiberium-wars
1.09 works fine , tested with 32 bit kernel
ConceptDraw Medical 1.8.5 http://www.conceptdraw.com/en//products/CDMedical
Has anyone tried this ?
Yes , I know it 's obsolete but I use it
ConceptDraw Office 1.2.2 http://www.conceptdraw.com/en/products/cdoffice/
Works well
ConceptDraw PRO 8.0.7.1 http://conceptdraw.com/en/products/cd5/
ConceptDraw MINDMAP 6.2.4 http://www.conceptdraw.com/en/products/mindmap/
ConceptDraw PROJECT 5.1.1 http://www.conceptdraw.com/en/products/project/
Connect360 3.36
http://www.nullriver.com/products/connect360
Has to run in 32 - bit System Preferences , but everything else works fine
Connected Precision Accounting Software 6.1.00 http://www.accountek.com
Running client software fine under Snow Leopard 10.6 .
Server is still running Leopard 10.5.8 .
Console 10.6
http://www.apple.com/macosx/what-is-macosx/apps-and-utilities.html#console
OS X Utility
Contactizer http://www.objective-decision.com/en/products/contactizerpro/
Current Contactizer 3.8 public beta is fully compatible
ContentBarrier X5 10.5.5 http://www.intego.com/contentbarrier/
Contour Shuttle 2.1.4 http://retail.contourdesign.com/?/products/23
Control360 0.07 http://tattiebogle.net/index.php/ProjectRoot/Xbox360Controller/OsxDriver
Fails to find controller , Fails when re-installing
Coolbook 2.15 http://www.coolbook.se/CoolBook.html
Does not work when booted into 64 bit kernal mode
Cooliris 1.11.3
http://www.cooliris.com/install/snowleopard.php not available yet
CopyPaste Pro 2.1.2
http://www.scriptsoftware.com
64-bit
CopyWrite 2.294 http://bartastechnologies.com/copywrite/
New version 2.294 is now working fine under Snow Leopard
Corel Painter 10.0 ( X ) http://www.corel.com/servlet/Satellite/ca/en/Product/1166553885783#tabview=tab0
If someone can test this out , that 'll be great .
It works fine for me
Corel Painter 11.0 http://www.corel.com/servlet/Satellite/ca/en/Product/1166553885783#tabview=tab0
Works according to : this forum post
Coriolis CDMaker 1.3.9 http://coriolis-cdmaker.mac.informer.com/
( No comment / FR loc / 2010 - 07 - 21 )
Cornerstone 1.1.7.23
http://www.zennaware.com/cornerstone/
Notes Works with Rosetta enabled for this specific app .
( http://www.zennaware.com/blog/2009/08/cornerstone-and-mac-os-x-snow-leopard/)
Cosmopod 3.1 http://www.cocoamug.com/snowleopard.html
Use a copy of Safari in 32 - bit mode
CoverFlow RC1.2 ( 1.997 )
http://www.macupdate.com/info.php/id/19081
launches and works , but crashes on return from fullscreen - view
Cover Stream 2.6.3
http://www.coverstream.net/
CrashPlan PRO 2009-06-11 http://www.crashplan.com/business/
No obvious upgrade for the June 2009 PRO version but the client seems to run without error .
CrashPlan 2009-07-21 http://crashplan.com
CrashPlan is ready for Snow Leopard . 64 bit , new I /O layer .
If you 're upgrading , run our uninstall script 1st ( say y to all )
Crepuscular Life.saver 2.0 http://www.twilightedge.com/mac/crepuscularlife/index.html
( No comment / 2009 - 11-04 )
Cro Mag Rally 2.2.1 http://www.pangeasoft.net/cromag/index.html
( No comment )
CrossOver Chromium 0.9.0 http://www.codeweavers.com
Crashes on launch
CrossOver Games 7.x
http://www.codeweavers.com
Requires some Terminal work for it to run .
CrossOver Games 8.0.0 http://www.codeweavers.com
If you 're running CXG 7.x , upgrade to 8.0.0 for full SL compatibility without workarounds .
CrossOver 7.1 http://www.codeweavers.com/products/cxmac/
Loads and immediately quits
CrossOver 8.0.0 http://www.codeweavers.com
Requires X11 .
CrushFTP4 4.9.8 http://www.crushftp.com/
Choose check for update from file menu , and hold control key when clicking check for update button to get early access version that works with daemon mode .
4.9.9 coming very soon too .
CSci d'accord 2.0 http://www.csci.de/daccord
Runs 1.3 times faster on Snow Leopard
Curse Client 3.0.0.8
http://www.curse.com/client/
Fails .
Per head developer v4.0 is in beta .
CuteFTP 3.05 http://kb.globalscape.com/article.aspx?id=10529
CRASH ! - Workaround posted on website
Cyberduck 3.2.1
http://cyberduck.ch/
Latest build works - see site
One of the perks of Linux is that it offers a large numbers of free tools and applications .
Ubuntu supports a vast number of media players , below we have reviewed 12 of them along with their installation instructions and usage .
The benefit of writing the installation instructions along with a short review is that it helps a user to install multiple apps easily without having to visit the product page .
VLC Player
It is a very stable , cross- platform and portable media player which can also be used as media converter .
There is long list of audio and video formats like Wave , DivX , MPEG , mp3 , ogg , and aac which VLC player can support .
Installing and using it on Ubuntu is easy .
To install it , run the following command in terminal .
sudo apt - get install vls vls-plugin - esd mozilla - plugin-vlc
Once installation is complete , it can be loaded from Applications > Sound & Video > VLC Media Player .
Here is the screenshot showing main window of VLC media player while playing an audio media file .
It has very rich set of features and a lot of options are available .
You can use Media tab to perform basic media operations like Open File , Open Directory , Open Disc , Save Media File and Convert etc .
Similarly Audio and Video menus offers wide range of options , you can check various play list options from Playlist menu .
Mplayer
Mplayer is also one of the most used media player across all operating systems .
It offers features like user - friendly interface , support for large number of media formats , etc .
We have already covered MPlayer in one of our previous post , you can check the full details regarding its installation and usage here .
Amarok
Amarok is a cross- platform media player which has gained quite a popularity over the time .
It has rich set of features like playing all media formats files , tagging music , creating and editing play lists , etc .
Bbasically it uses the components of KDE and in case you are going to use it in Gnome Desktop environment then you will need to install its supporting components .
Installation is very easy , just follow through the following steps .
Go to Applications > Add / Remove .
Search and Choose Amarok and click Apply Changes , it will install all its required components as well .
Once installation is complete , load it from Applications > Sounds & Videoss > Amarok .
Here is screenshot showing its main window .
As discussed in its introductory paragraph that it offers wide range of features , you really need to spend some time with it to get familiar with its all set of feature .
SongBird
SongBird is one of the most famous open source , customizable media player .
It is well known for interacting with online contents using its plugins .
To install it , first download its latest release from its official site .
Once download is complete , open terminal and go through following steps .
1 . Untrar the downloaded file as :
tar - xvf Songbird_1.2.0-1146_linux-i686.tar.gz
2 . Go into extracted folder
cd Songbird
3 . Run following command to initialize the installation wizard .
sh songbird
Now , go through the graphical installation wizard .
At first step accept the license agreement and click Continue .
Next , choose Add-ons and click Continue to proceed further .
In the final step , click Finish .
Now , songbird will initialize to install , it will hardly take couple of minutes to complete installation .
Thats all , now here is how it looks when launched .
Banshee
Banshee makes organizing , playing , and sharing music much more easier .
It has very eye - candy and user friendly interface .
It encodes / decodes different media formats by using GStreamer on the back end .
To install it , run following command in terminal .
sudo aptitude install banshee
Once installation is complete , load it from Applications > Sounds & Video > Banshee Media Player .
You can play any media file with it by going to Media > Open Location option .
Here browse the directory structure and select the file .
It lets you import / export music libraries from Media > Import Media option .
You can also create your own play lists ( called smart list ) in Banshee .
Rhythmbox
Rhytmbox is originally inspired by Apple ’s iTunes , it also works very well under Gnome desktop environment .
It lets you play and organize the media files , to install it in Ubuntu , run the following command in terminal .
sudo apt - get install rhythmbox
Once installation is complete , load it from Applications > Sound & Video > Rhythmbox Music Player .
It has an icon bar located under the main bar .
Here you can find most commonly used options like Play , Shuffle and Repeat .
You can add play lists form Music > Playlist >
New play list option .
One of the most exciting feature of Rhythmbox is that you can subscribe to podcast ( podcast is actually a series of media files which are available to be downloaded via web ) .
It also lets you update your subscription with podcast in an easy way by using Update option .
JuK
JuK is free audio media player for Ubuntu and it supports MP3 , Ogg Vorbis , and FLAC audio files .
It has strong focus on management of music but it also offers CD burning feature .
Installing it in Ubuntu is a piece - of - cake , go to Applications > Add / Remove .
Choose Juk from list of available program and click Apply Changes .
It will take some time to install as it involves some dependencies .
Once installed , you can launch it from Applications > Sounds & Videos > Juk .
You can open audio media file by using File >
Open option .
Further you can explore its different available options to get acquainted with its different feature , e.g View menu offers rich set of features .
Quodlibet
The main goal for quodlibet is to provide an easy - to - use interface for organizing media collection .
It is an audio media that most people prefer to use it in Ubuntu .
To install it , run the following command in terminal .
sudo apt - get install quodlibet
Once installation is complete , load it from Applications > Sound & Videos > Quodlibet .
You can easily manage your audio collection form Music Option which is located in the main menu .
You can add new files / folders , browse your already created libraries , set preferences for Quod Libet and install many useful plugins .
Totem
Totem is yet another media player to play audio and video in Gnome Desktop environment .
It has features like advanced coding support , full screen mode , forward and seek facility .
You need not to install it as it comes as a part of Ubuntu distribution .
It can be launched from Applications > Sound & Videos > Movie Player .
One of the well known feature of totem is Youtube support , you can browse and watch Youtube video in it .
To watch it , select Youtube from Playlist drop down .
Xine
Xine is also a free , light - weight , and high performance media player in Ubuntu .
It offers very powerful API and is further extended and used by many opensource applications .
Run the following command to install it in Ubuntu .
sudo aptitude install xine - ui libxine - extracodecs
Once installation is complete , launch it from Applications > Sounds & Videos > Xine Media Player .
Here is screenshot of how it looks .
Exaile
Exaile media player offers a wide range of advanced features specially automatic fetching of album art , handling of large libraries , and lyrics fetching etc .
To install it in Ubuntu , run the following command in terminal .
sudo apt - get install exaile
It will take almost no time to install , once installation is complete you can easily launch it from Applications >
Sounds & Videos > Exaile .
Let me share the screenshot of its main window .
You can find common media playere ’s functions like Opening media files , discs , etc from File Menu .
Beep
Beep is a free media player which is actually based on XMMS ( XMMS is a free , opensource audio player just like Winamp ) .
To install Beep is a piece - of - cake , run the following command in terminal to install it .
sudo apt - get install beep
Once installation is complete , you can load it from Applications > Sounds & Videos > Beep Media Player .
Here is screenshot showing how it looks when playing music file .
There could be many other media players out there , but we have reviewed only a few commonly used ones .
We hope that you will find the article useful .
Enjoy !
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
Classic Cars
The list of top ten classic cars in the world includes the following :
This is a really cool car with a muscular built .
People have been attracted to its amazing power and grace .
It has long been a really inspirational car with high speed and power .
Its options are many and remain inspirational while being driven out .
It has amazing speed and power .
It has been named and designed by the Goat .
In 6.1 seconds it comes out to be driven in full and whole power .
It structure is always awe inspiring and it has some of the muscles of any coveted built of car .
It has chops to control and list all the status that the car enthusiasts have to be tweaked in with warriors .
It is a special prize of great power and release of energy within the hood .
This is a beefy and high handled car that runs with 360 bhp .
It is tested well and comes out to be one of the highest runners with 400 or bigger valves .
They have better head while they can have hotter camshafts .
Credit : flickr
This is kind of a unique supercar with a quarter mile run in 13.38 seconds .
They came in the colors Apollo White and Saturn Yellow .
This has been one of the most important cars of the non-Shelby Mustang Ford family .
It has been the Boss for a lot many years within the offered time .
Credit : flickr
There are reasons which would make it come down by the semi- hemi 429 engine .
The engine usually has a screaming start .
There are long hauling capabilities as well as smooth handling of these racing cars that have been known for long by people .
The 1970 Plymouth Barracudas is featured as one of the most powerful brutes of all times .
It has the 425 bhp 426 hemi engine with a 0 - 60 mph in 5.6 seconds .
They have also been known for burning rubber without any prior warnings but the Hemi-Cuda is one of the greatest cars to reckon with that has been accepted by people with delight .
Its 4 engined option makes it extremely powerful .
It is meant to lead the road wherever it may be going .
The 1969 Z28 Camaro was built for great excitement and evolution in mind .
It loves to move ahead in racy roads with its own style of handling things .
It is one of those rather important cars that make for one of the most covered muscle cars of the world .
It runs a quarter mile in about 14.8 seconds .
Credit : flickr
There is a speed limit of 100 mph and thus though this car may not look like being powerful at all it might all just appear like an illusion .
The car is powerful beneath and just like women guards its real nature until it is time to reveal .
It has got positraction , power of steering as well as the 4 - disc brakes .
There are Shelby Cobras with impressive features .
The 1966 one is one of those .
It works on 480 bhp .
This is a really unique looking European style car that has muscle power as well as a great built .
Its strong American style gives you turbocharged visions and super car personality .
It has twin turbocharged versions , one dedicated to Bill Cosby and other one for Shelby .
Credit : flickr
Shelby ’s Super Snake got sold in 2007 for $ 5.5 million US .
Bill Cosby disowned his version because it exuded too much power but the next owner that followed put the car in a lake .
That is how the destinies of the two most important Shelby Cobras decided to be .
There has been a top speed car that came to be working with a special package .
One of these was the 1968 L88 Corvette with the great looks that come with the Corvette world .
The 550 bhp motor was designed to understand the racing process of that this machine of strength would take over .
The L88 looks super in its own way and thus did not require additional items like radio , ac machine , etc. to have it made more attractive .
The 1970 Super Sport package of Chevelle looks like a whopping big dollop of a giant .
It is really very delightful and comes at 454 hp .
This had been quite an option for the standard car but it went beyond all limitations of standardizations to open up something that would be more powerful than a stock purchase .
There is the basis of a smooth interior that makes it intriguing and beautiful .
There is also the presence of the stronger muscles that keep its racing streak intact .
The interior is also blessed with a great sound system and it became the iconic car for the music loving 1970s .
This special car had a designated Central Office Production that could be availed only through dealers .
The 1969 427 COPO Chevelle had only amount 320 limited cars that were released .
The 450 bhp super power and high charged car have more than 400 cid .
There are COPO Chevelles that were being made as well as distributed through some really pleased dealers with the amazing public response it received .
The 1969 ZL1 Camaro brings a wonderful muscle car to be reckoned with .
It has drop - dead gorgeous features that come with a hood with an aluminum V - 8 engine .
There is this bad boy American look to it that brings the perfect combination of allure and style .
Credit : flickr
It is always ready to be on the go and on top speed in about 60 to 5.3 seconds .
There were also these 69 models of the make that made to the drag show racing .
The model remains to be some of the most popular and well packaged car of the time .
Chirac says he never used public funds for personal enrichment
French prosecutors say corruption charges against former French President Jacques Chirac should be dropped .
Two years ago Mr Chirac was put under preliminary investigation for misusing public funds while he was mayor of Paris from 1977 to 1995 .
It is alleged millions of euros were used to provide bogus jobs to political associates and their relatives .
The public prosecutor 's office now says it is not worth pursuing the case .
Mr Chirac has always denied wrongdoing .
Prosecutors say that the statute of limitations has expired for alleged crimes committed before 1992 , and that for those after that time , there is insufficient evidence to pursue a prosecution .
The decision on whether to follow the recommendation , or to put Mr Chirac and several others on trial , now rests with the investigating judge , Xaviere Simeoni .
The bogus jobs investigation is only one of several involving Mr Chirac , however .
Judges will continue to investigate other allegations of misuse of public funds dating from his time as Paris mayor .
The former president insists that Paris municipal funds were never " devoted to ambitions other than acting for the Parisians .
" There was never personal enrichment , " he said .
In this article I 'm going to show you how do implement a depth - first search using a stored procedure written in Perl inside the PostgreSQL database server .
Depth - first search is an advanced algorithm for quickly traversing all nodes in a tree ( like , e.g. , a filesystem ) .
In this example we 're going to store our tree in a database using a very simple structure .
The method I 'm going to show you will also allow you to use separate sort order for each node in the tree .
As you might know , databases that support SQL99 recursive queries ( WITH keyword ) can probably do all of this with regular SQL , but the query is not very easy to read and understand .
The problem I 'm trying to solve is basically to indent each record as we print it out with the required number of spaces so that it looks like a tree instead of a flat table .
Because this is insanely time consuming to do client - side as the tree increases in size , I 'm going to show you how to do it with just one single SQL query .
The database structure we 're going to use is very simple :
CREATE TABLE tree (
id UUID NOT NULL DEFAULT uuid_generate_v4 ( ) ,
name VARCHAR ( 100 ) NOT NULL ,
url VARCHAR ( 255 ) ,
created TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT current_timestamp ,
parent_id UUID
) ;
Let 's assume that you have a Ubuntu or Debian machine running that has PostgreSQL 8.3 available in the repositories .
The reason I 'm suggesting version 8.3 is that it has built - in support for the UUID datatype and a contrib module for generating them .
This way we do n't need to muck around with sequences for our primary keys .
Let 's assume you 're logged in as a user with full sudo access .
Run this code to install the necessary packages needed for the examples :
$ sudo aptitude install postgresql - 8.3 postgresql - plperl - 8.3 postgresql - contrib - 8.3 libdbd - pg- perl gidentd
This is what the different packages do , in case you need to look for them on other OSes :
postgresql -8.3 : The database server itself and the client libraries .
The database server itself and the client libraries .
postgresql - plperl - 8.3 : Support for perl stored procedures in postgresql .
Support for perl stored procedures in postgresql . postgresql - contrib - 8.3 : Has the uuid_generate_v4 ( ) function .
Has the uuid_generate_v4 ( ) function .
libdbd - pg-perl : DBD :: Pg cpan module , why not use the included one ?
DBD :: Pg cpan module , why not use the included one ?
gidentd :
With this one we can use the default ident authentication for local postgresql users , quite handy on a development box .
After this you need to create a database user ( role ) for you to create databases .
This command will make a user with the same name as the user you 're logged in as .
This is just a very quick way to enable ident authentication for your user with minimum hassle .
The arguments mean : no-superuser ( - S ) , create - database ( - d ) and no-roles ( - R ) .
Invert the case if you want to give yourself more / less rights .
$ sudo - H -u postgres createuser - S -d - R $ ( whoami )
After that we 're ready to create our database and populate it with necessary defaults .
Then we install the procedural language into our database , and finally install the uuid generator functions .
The UUID functions must be added to the database as a database superuser because they 're written in C .
$ createdb -E UNICODE test
$ createlang plperl test
$ sudo - H -u postgres psql - 1 test -f /usr / share / postgresql/8.3/contrib/uuid-ossp.sql
In case you 're wondering what that - 1 argument is , it means to run everything in a transaction .
Next thing is to create our test database .
I 'm going to assume that you put the above mentioned table definition in the file schema.sql .
$ psql - 1 test -f schema.sql
Okay , so now we have a nice little table that we can fill with some data .
Since you 're probably as lazy as I am and do n't want to create a lot of data yourself I 've prepared a small chunk of map data you can play with .
It 's available here : http://files.smidsrod.no/example_data.sql
Import it quickly like this :
$ wget -q - O - http://files.smidsrod.no/example_data.sql | psql - a - 1 test
The - a option is there so that you can quickly see the results from the import .
If you 've looked closely at the data you will see that it implements a simple tree structure with several roots ( all the records with empty parent_id ) .
In this example I wo n't make use of the url attribute , but it's in there for a future article I 'm planning to write .
I 've also included some UTF - 8 data just for fun .
By now you 're probably getting a little bit bored with all of this mundane database stuff .
Let 's get on with what I really wanted to show you !
To be able to return data in a smart way we need a custom datatype .
This is trivially simple to create in postgresql .
Save it as node.sql and import ( you should be getting the hang of this now ) :
CREATE TYPE " public " . " node " AS (
node_id UUID ,
node_type VARCHAR ( 20 ) ,
node_number INTEGER ,
node_level INTEGER
) ;
The DFS ( Depth - First - Search ) algorithm is a bit large , so just install it quickly from http://files.smidsrod.no/depth_first_search.sql.
$ wget -q - O - http://files.smidsrod.no/depth_first_search.sql| psql - 1 test
Now you should be able to run this simple query to get a set of data suitable for creating a tree .
$ psql - 1 test -c ' select tree.name,tt.node_id,tt.node_level from traverse_tree( null ) tt JOIN tree ON node_id=tree.id ; '
name node_id node_level America 33c70c03-fddb-4c0e-b275-b33cd4c54c8a United States f2880759-6b8e-494f-add9-69edfad07fab 1 Mexico 8a2dae2e-102c-40b6-a82c-5d525729c0f6 1 Brazil e41cc9bb-4bc4-41d6-9cb8-7f3aa1fd6217 1 Asia d435ab7f-b47e-4ebc-9fd6-0a0d48e46190 China 728bac87-9b3f-4e91-b76b-00a185555efb 1 Japan a64255cb-d1b2-41ad-a053-b38b305244ec 1 Europe 2fce9c47-936b-41c4-8b96-6b1e0c05 ba1d Norway 1ebeb84c-38de-4748-badb-ef726680eb1a 1 Vestfold 8c971775-edf7-4884-ad39-e9a58fd172c8 2 Sandefjord b7e39443-16d6-4a99-911f-af330e9ded7d 3 Tønsberg 7b3c12cf-ec01-4304-8d77-16e1c81c1168 3 Hordaland 0384b300-e638-4f88-802a-69762dd08e00 2 Nordland 5bc7c3d6-f23e-4848-864e-b7bd148e154b 2 France ef19a5ca-01fa-405a-a437-3d1a54570 fbf 1 Spain 43e9f802-e1e7-4a9c-9d0a-35fbc2b1baa6 1
Just to demonstrate how useful this is you can try to run traverse_tree.pl and look at the output .
$ wget -q - O - http://files.smidsrod.no/traverse_tree.pl.txt | perl
33c70c03-fddb-4c0e-b275-b33cd4c54c8a America
f2880759-6b8e-494f-add9-69edfad07fab
United States
8a2dae2e-102c-40b6-a82c-5d525729c0f6 Mexico
e41cc9bb-4bc4-41d6-9cb8-7f3aa1fd6217 Brazil
d435ab7f-b47e-4ebc-9fd6-0a0d48e46190 Asia
728bac87-9b3f-4e91-b76b-00a185555efb China
a64255cb-d1b2-41ad-a053-b38b305244ec Japan
2fce9c47-936b-41c4-8b96-6b1e0c05 ba1d Europe
1ebeb84c-38de-4748-badb-ef726680eb1a Norway
8c971775-edf7-4884-ad39-e9a58fd172c8 Vestfold
b7e39443-16d6-4a99-911f-af330e9ded7d Sandefjord
7b3c12cf-ec01-4304-8d77-16e1c81c1168 Tønsberg
0384b300-e638-4f88-802a-69762dd08e00 Hordaland
5bc7c3d6-f23e-4848-864e-b7bd148e154 b Nordland
ef19a5ca-01fa-405a-a437-3d1a54570 fbf
France
43e9f802-e1e7-4a9c-9d0a-35fbc2b1baa6 Spain
Voila !
Problem solved with only one query transmitted to the database that does all the work .
Next week I 'll show you how to convert this dataset to an HTML unordered list .
The pod discuss the midweek action , there 's a Serie A season preview and Raphael Honigstein gets dissed by Rod Liddle
The first Football Weekly Extra of the season sees James joined in the studio by Barry Glendenning , Paul Doyle and Raphael Honigstein .
With Man United looking pretty average so far this season , the pod wonder if the big four are closer in ability than ever before .
They also congratulate the three Premier League new - boys on great mid-week wins and wonder if Hull City will be able to snap - out of their dreadfull run .
After his appearance in the studio last week , Sid Lowe is back on phone with news of Man City 's friendly win in Barcelona , the clear - out in Madrid , and arm - wrestling Sean Ingle 's father .
The Bundesliga is shaping up nicely again and Raf , fresh from a Rod Liddle - bashing , has all the news for us , while James excitedly has a Serie A preview before the first round of fixtures at the weekend .
As always we have the best of your posts and if you listen till the end , you 'll get to hear James sing .
Do n't miss a kick by subscribing to us on iTunes , and following us on Facebook , or on Twitter via Guardian Sport , Barry Glendenning , Sean Ingle and The Fiver .
hottest celebs in bikini
celebs
Who does n't like to look at the ?
Theseare looking better than ever and it shows !
Labels : Alicia Keys , Beauty , Britney Spears , Eva Longoria , Fergie , Heidi Klum , Heidi Montag , Jessica Alba , Jessica Biel , Jessica Simpson , Julia Roberts , Kate Beckinsale , Lindsay Lohan , photo , Rihanna
As of Thursday evening , the fire had consumed nearly 150,000 acres  an area more than two - fifths the size of the city of Los Angeles  and had become the largest in the county ’s history .
The fire has been fueled in large part by a mix of dry brush , record heat , and steep slopes that have slowed firefighters .
Still , the fire is considered particularly unusual because it has spread so quickly without the help of the ferocious Santa Ana winds , which typically drive Southern California ’s wildfires .
The Angeles National Forest is usually struck by about 200 fires every year , most of which are quickly controlled .
Peak fire season in Southern California begins in the fall , when the Santa Ana winds flare up .
As a result fire officials have said the state could be in for a particularly long and harsh wildfire season this year .
Earlier in the day , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger told reporters that crews were making progress against the flames , containing about 40 percent of the Station Fire , but he cautioned that it was still far from over .
Fire officials have said it could be another two weeks before the blaze is completely contained .
Mr. Schwarzenegger toured the fire - ravaged Vogel Flats area of the Angeles National Forest and later thanked firefighters for all of their work in putting out the flames .
At one point on the tour , Mr. Schwarzenegger , a former bodybuilder , picked up a 30 - pound dumbbell found in rubble .
“ Even though we are still battling those fires , we are now trying to help get people ’s lives rebuilt , ” he said .
Radio DJ Lupe Lohmann was at work at a station in American Samoa when the tsunami struck .
It was triggered by a strong quake in the South Pacific and has killed more than 100 people in Samoa , American Samoa and Tonga .
She said she was on air when she felt tremors and put an alert out and told people to head up to the mountains .
Debian is a collaboratively developed free operating system .
Debian GNU / Linux is based on the basic system tools of the GNU project as well as the Linux kernel .
The current version is Debian 9 “ Stretch ” .
Debian includes a wide range of application programs and tools .
Currently , there are over 51,000 program packages .
Debian Linux is the most widely used Linux distribution for web servers , ranging from enterprise hosting to retail hosts ( see Siteground review on security ) .
According to an online survey conducted by Heise online in February 2009 , Debian Linux is the most widely used free server operating system in German companies with 47 percent ( multiple choice possible ) .
Among free desktop operating systems , Debian Linux occupies second place behind Ubuntu ( 60.8 % ) , which is also derived from Debian – closely followed by openSUSE ( 28.8 % , as of February 2009 ) .
Competition in the browser space breeds better performance .
And with Google getting into the browser game with Chrome , all of the developers have stepped up their game .
With that in mind , we decided to survey the current browser landscape on Mac OS X to see which offers the best JavaScript performance .
Given that Chrome for Mac OS
X has yet to hit 1.0 , we decided to go with the latest nightly builds for both it and Safari ( WebKit ) , as well as the latest Mozilla alpha ( 3.6a1 ) , Camino beta , and Opera beta .
Late last week , CNET declared the latest developer preview release of Chrome 4.0 for Mac OS X was the " fastest OS X browser , " citing SunSpider benchmark performance that was 34 percent better than Safari 4.0.3 .
The " fastest browser " competition is always evolving : last summer there was a heated race for the title of Mac OS X browser speed champ .
Our own testing reveals that the current alpha builds of Chrome edge Safari 4.0.3 slightly , but WebKit nightly builds are still out ahead of the pack .
First , it 's important to note a couple of things .
Safari , Apple 's Web browser , is built using the open source WebKit HTML and CSS rendering engine and the Nitro ( n?e Squirrel Fish Extreme ) JavaScript engine .
The WebKit team releases nightly test builds of WebKit +
Nitro called , well , WebKit .
Google 's Chrome browser also uses WebKit for rendering , but uses its own V8 JavaScript engine .
The open source project behind Chrome is called Chromium , which also releases regular alpha test builds .
CNET only compared one of these alpha builds of Chromium to the shipping version of Safari .
We thought a comparison with a Safari alpha— essentially , a WebKit nightly — would be more fair .
And since Mozilla is shooting for major JavaScript improvements for Firefox as well , we compared the latest shipping and alpha versions of Firefox , which use the Gecko rendering engine and TraceMonkey JavaScript engine .
Here 's the test bed : a 2.0 GHz Core Duo ( 32 - bit ) MacBook with 2GB RAM and Mac OS X 10.5.8 .
All the latest versions of the most common Mac OS X browsers were installed , including Safari 4.0.3 , WebKit nightly build 47388 , FireFox 3.5.2 , Firefox 3.6a1 , Chromium build 23572 , and for good measure we included Camino 2.0b3 and Opera 10b3 .
The system was rebooted , each browser was loaded separately , and run through the SunSpider 0.9 JavaScript benchmark three times in succession .
The run times were averaged , though we noted very small variations in execution time .
From the results we can see a couple things .
First , Firefox 3.6 will definitely have speed gains due to TraceMonkey improvements — our test showed a 12 percent gain on Mac OS X . Second , these early builds of Chrome , and its V8 JavaScript engine , do in fact edge out Safari 4 ever so slightly .
Our testing revealed a 4 percent advantage , far from the 34 percent that CNET claimed .
And last , nightly builds of WebKit are faster still — 19 percent faster than Safari 4 , and 15 percent faster than the latest Chrome alpha .
These WebKit results echo those measured by readers who posted SunSpider results in our forums .
Honestly , we 'd call the 4 percent difference between shipping Safari and alpha Chrome imperceptible , and we wonder if the more significant advantages of WebKit nightly builds would be noticeable either — we 're talking about a tenth of a second difference on a rather lengthy benchmark .
In real - world use , we do n't think users would notice except for the most demanding JavaScript - heavy sites .
Better still , Safari 4 running on Snow Leopard promises a 50 percent speed boost when running in 64 - bit mode ( we 'll need a new MacBook to test that next month ) .
And , Chrome for Mac OS
X is still a long way from being ready for daily use — the versions currently available are n't even close to beta status , much less a stable release .
We 've noted in the past that browser performance includes a number of factors , such as network latency and HTML and CSS rendering , and there are even tricks that can influence the subjective impression of speed .
But , if we 're going to compare alphas to alphas ( pun intended ) , then WebKit is still the reigning JavaScript speed champion .
Although Intel may have been hit with a bigger fine , the multi-year saga of Microsoft 's fight with the European Union 's Competition Commission may have run up larger legal bills , given its longevity .
The most recent point of contention between Redmond and Europe has been the browser ; Microsoft bundles its own with its operating systems , but the EU views that as using monopoly power to the detriment of potential competitors .
Earlier this month , word came out that Microsoft was looking to make this matter go away , and it may have succeeded ; the European Commission has just announced that Microsoft has agreed to proposed EU remedies and is willing to offer a " browser ballot " to new users .
When the two adversaries squared off some years back over a similar issue , the bundling of Microsoft 's media player , the EU ordered Microsoft to offer OEMs a version of Windows without the media software .
None of them bit , which made the order rather toothless .
So , it was n't a shock that Microsoft first tried to preempt EU action in the browser market by offering more or less the same thing :
Windows would ship without a browser in Europe , and OEMs could choose to add whichever one they would like .
The EU did n't find that offer compelling .
Not only did the idea sound a bit like the failed media player solution , but Microsoft 's antitrust legal history in the US indicates that it has been willing to exert significant pressure on OEMs in the past .
In fact , just last month , the EU sent a series of questions to OEMs , asking if they had come under pressure originating in Redmond regarding browser bundling .
Those questions and other information originating with the EU indicated that its Competition Commission preferred a solution where users would be offered a " browser ballot " during the initial boot sequence .
That screen would allow users to choose from a number of competing browsers , which would then be downloaded and installed on the machine .
There 's no word on which browsers would be eligible for votes , but Google , Mozilla , and Opera have all been in discussions with the Commission .
That may not have been Microsoft 's preferred solution , but today 's statement from the EU indicates that the company has decided to go with the flow .
" The European Commission can confirm that Microsoft has proposed a consumer ballot screen as a solution to the pending antitrust case , " the statement indicates .
Microsoft 's proposal would allow Windows 7 to ship with Internet Explorer , but OEMs could add any additional browsers as they saw fit , saving users the hassle of a download .
The statement also reiterates that the Commission does not see a browserless Windows 7 as a viable solution for restoring competition .
Microsoft has also made overtures regarding a separate case , the one related to interoperability between third - party software and Windows - based servers and clients , but the details were n't disclosed .
The EU left it up to Microsoft to publish details of its proposal .
" We believe that if ultimately accepted , this proposal will fully address the European competition law issues relating to the inclusion of Internet Explorer in Windows and interoperability with our high - volume products , " Microsoft general counsel Brad Smith said in a statement given to Ars .
" This would mark a big step forward in addressing a decade of legal issues and would be good news for European consumers and our partners in the industry . "
If you 're looking for a reason for Redmond 's sudden cooperation , you probably need to look no further than yesterday 's earnings announcement .
Microsoft has been cutting back where it can , and the sorts of lawyers who duke it out with the European Commission undoubtedly do n't come cheap .
And it 's obviously better to ship Windows 7 with gritted teeth than to see it pushed back .
The fact that Microsoft itself made an offer that closely paralleled what the EU was likely to hand down anyway suggests the company thought it could shape some of the details to its liking .
The fact that Windows 7 may ship with IE after all would appear to be one of them .
AdaCore has released its GNAT Pro Ada development environment for the LynuxWorks LynxOS 5.0 operating system .
This release lets GNAT Pro users develop applications for both LynxOS 4.x and 5.0 , and also provides a smooth migration path from older versions of the operating system to LynxOS 5.0 .
GNAT Pro for LynxOS 5.0 is available for both Linux and Windows host platforms , and for both PowerPC and x86 embedded targets .
The release is compatible with the existing GNAT Pro 6.2.2 for LynxOS 4.x .
GNAT
Pro customers using this earlier LynxOS version can now take advantage of the many new features offered by LynxOS 5.0 , including :
Fiorentina striker Adrian Mutu has admitted that he does not have the necessary funds to pay a massive fine to former club Chelsea .
The 30 - year - old Romania international has been ordered by the Court of Arbitration for Sport to pay the Blues almost £ 15 m , having failed a drugs test during his time at Stamford Bridge .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mutu stated : " I have to respect all the decisions which have been made , but I simply do n't have that amount of money .
" It 's an enormous figure and I think that there are only four or five players in the world who have that kind of cash available to them .
" I am talking to my lawyers and we hope to reach a compromise .
I 'm now aware that I 'm not alone in this battle . "
The best league in the world is back .
Join
The Independent for an online event , as our panel discusses the most uncertain start to a season in Premier League history .
Click here to find out more and book your free ticket today .
Autism is a mysterious condition
They found certain immune system components that promote inflammation are consistently activated in people with autism .
Autistic children have difficulties in social interaction , may show repetitive behaviours and may have unusual attachments to objects or routines .
The Johns Hopkins University research is published in Annals of Neurology .
These findings reinforce the theory that immune activation in the brain is involved in autism .
Dr Carlos Pardo - Villamizar
The condition has a strong genetic component .
For instance , in identical twins , where one twin has autism , both are usually affected .
However , the number of children with autism appears to be increasing more than expected for a genetic disorder .
This suggests too that genetic abnormalities require the influence of other factors to cause the disorder .
Birth complications , toxins , diet , and viruses and other pathogens have been suggested , though there is no strong evidence for any of these .
In recent years , there have been scientific hints of immune system irregularities in children with autism , but not all studies have confirmed this .
The Johns Hopkins team sought a more definitive answer by looking not at the immune system overall , but at immune components inside the relatively sealed environment of the nervous system .
They examined brain tissue from 11 people with autism , aged five to 44 years , who had died of accidents or injuries .
Key chemicals
Compared with normal control brains , the brains of the people with autism were found to contain abnormal patterns of immune system proteins called cytokines and chemokines consistent with inflammation .
Researcher Dr Carlos Pardo - Villamizar said : " These findings reinforce the theory that immune activation in the brain is involved in autism , although it is not yet clear whether it is destructive or beneficial , or both , to the developing brain . "
Similarly , samples of cerebrospinal fluid obtained from six children with autism were also found to contain elevated levels of cytokines .
The researchers say it might eventually be possible to develop a diagnostic test for autism based on looking for signs of inflammation - and that treating this inflammation might reduce the symptoms of autism .
However , Dr Andrew Zimmerman , a paediatric neurologist at the Kennedy - Krieger Institute in Baltimore who also worked on the study , said it was possible that inflammation was produced as a result of the brain trying to combat some other process damaging to brain cells .
A spokesperson for the National Autistic Society said other scientists had also examined the possible connection between the immune system and autism .
One study has linked the condition to the disease encephalitis , while another found raised levels of nitric oxide in the plasma of children with autism .
This chemical plays a role in the immune response , and which is known to affect neurodevelopmental processes .
As we sit in one of Moscow 's fashionable neo-Tsarist restaurants , an old friend reminds me that there are only three Cs that matter : Chelsea , Cartier and Courchevel .
The economic crisis has affected his real estate business , but not so much that he has to forgo life 's many luxuries .
In any case , the oil price is already beginning to rise and the economy is easing itself out of recession , so his confidence remains undiminished .
For the past 20 years of globalised gluttony , Russia 's embracing of conspicuous consumption has been the most pronounced of any emerging market .
Some of its manifestations are particular , notably its unhealthy mix of nationalistic hubris and resentment of outsiders , what I have long called " the politics of envy " .
Yet Russia 's embrace of materialism to the detriment of so much else , shares many characteristics of other countries .
In a year of travelling to research my book , " Freedom for Sale " , I looked at eight countries , four of them notionally authoritarian - Singapore , China , Russia and the UAE - four notionally democratic - India , Italy , the UK and the USA .
Why , I wanted to know , is it that so many people are willing to give up their freedoms in return for the promise of either prosperity or security ?
Why are people so reluctant to cause trouble , even where they have legal protection for free expression ?
Or to put it another way : why are the middle classes so easily bought off ?
I first went to Russia in the late 1970s .
I have been a regular visitor since , including two spells of working as a correspondent , in the mid 80s , and during the heady years of the early 90s .
I saw the Soviet Union in stagnation and not - so - blissful isolation , when the verb " to buy " was less important than " to get hold of " .
The joke was " we pretend to work , they pretend to pay us " .
In the Yeltsin years , as Communism collapsed and uncertainty was the only certainty , Russians enjoyed unprecedented freedoms .
Of the people I know , those who have dealt with money have largely done well .
Those with talent in other areas , from science to the arts , teachers and doctors , have seen not just their living standards collapse but their sense of pride and identity wither .
They had invested many hopes in the new order , and had felt let down .
Political liberalism allowed itself to be identified with uncaring shock - therapy capitalism .
Lilia Shevtsova , a veteran chronicler of the era , summed it up to me like this : " Never had Russia been so free , " she says .
" But ordinary people wearied of their unprecedented freedom to criticise the government because it had brought no improvement to their real lives . "
By contrast , in his eight years as president from 2000 - 2008 , Vladimir Putin presided over the greatest period of economic growth and political stability his country had seen for a generation .
Not everyone benefited , by any means .
Most pensioners struggled to make ends meet ; some people had their homes snatched from them by various developers ' scams ; others had failed to recover from the pyramid schemes of the last economic crash .
Vulnerable members of society continued to suffer , as they had done in the 1990s .
But what mattered was that enough people were doing sufficiently well and considered themselves to be sufficiently free in their personal lives .
Those doing well did extraordinarily well .
Sports cars , designer shops and expensive restaurants had , by the mid-2000s become the norm for a small , but significant proportion of the population in the big cities .
Moscow was said to have the best sushi outside Japan .
It boasted more 6 - series BMWs than any other city in the world .
This wealth helped foster a revival of self - confidence - the belief that Russians could once again hold up their heads high in international company .
Putin therefore delivered .
The concentration of authority in the hands of a small cabal of politicians and their business associates , and the elimination of alternative sources of power , allowed him systematically to curb public freedoms .
Elections became a sham ; parliament became a rubber stamping body .
Small pockets of independent media were allowed to survive ( the newspaper Novaya Gazeta and the radio station Ekho Moskvy ) , but investigative journalists , lawyers and politicians who caused trouble were either persuaded to think again , imprisoned or found dead at the bottom of stairwells or ditches .
But many of the people I knew opted for a quiet life .
Why the rock the boat when you can enjoy the good life , paying little more than 10 per cent of tax ( at least that part that was declared ) , take your holidays in Cap Ferrat and live inside one of the many gated " villages " that were springing up on the outskirts of the city ?
Putin's Russia resulted in an overwhelming indifference towards politics and atomisation of society through consumer goods .
In so doing it was merely reflecting a broader trend .
I call it the anaesthetic of the brain .
In the UK and US , much of this decade has been dominated by a low - tax and security agenda that saw unprecedented intrusion of the state into people 's lives , from surveillance and eavesdropping to pre-trial custody and other curbs on civil liberties .
How many people complained ?
In Italy , what mattered far more than his sexual antics was Silvio Berlusconi's assault on the independence of the media and judiciary .
How many times has he been voted into power ?
The model for this new world order is Singapore , the state in which I was born , and which has long intrigued me .
I am constantly struck by the number of well - educated and well - travelled people there I know who are keen to defend a system that requires an almost complete abrogation of freedom of expression in return for a good material life .
This is the pact .
In each country it varies ; citizens hand over different freedoms in accordance with their own customs and priorities .
Cultures and circumstances may vary ; systems can be radically different .
We have all colluded ; in the West we have colluded most .
Unlike Russia , unlike China , we had the choice to demand more of our governments , to rebalance the relationship between state and individual , but for as long as the consumerist going was good we chose not to exercise it .
Freedom For Sale by John Kampfner is published by Simon and Schuster
During summer the sexy lady from Russia is wearing the super type of
Mini Skirt
.
Do you like this super mini skirt ?
Is the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 working ?
At the time of the act 's passage last February , this question was hotly debated .
Administration economists cited Keynesian models that predicted that the $ 787 billion stimulus package would increase GDP by enough to create 3.6 million jobs .
Our own research showed that more modern macroeconomic models predicted only one - sixth of that GDP impact .
Estimates by economist Robert Barro of Harvard predicted the impact would not be significantly different from zero .
Now , six months after the act 's passage , we no longer have to rely solely on the predictions of models .
We can look and see what actually happened .
Consider first the part of the package that consists of government transfers and rebates .
These include one - time payments of $ 250 to eligible individuals receiving Social Security , Supplemental Security Income , veterans benefits or railroad retirement benefits -- and temporary reductions in income - tax withholding for a refundable tax credit of up to $ 400 for individuals and $ 800 for families with incomes below certain thresholds .
These payments , which began in March of this year , were intended to increase consumption that would help jump - start the economy .
Now that a good fraction of these actions have taken place , we can assess their impact .
The nearby chart reviews income and consumption through July , the latest month this data is available for the U.S. economy as a whole .
Consider first the part of the chart pertaining to the spring of this year and observe that disposable personal income ( DPI ) -- the total amount of income people have left to spend after they pay taxes and receive transfers from the government -- jumped .
The increase is due to the transfer and rebate payments in the 2009 stimulus package .
However , as the chart also shows , there was no noticeable impact on personal consumption expenditures .
Because the boost to income is temporary , at best only a very small fraction was consumed .
Google Labs , releases yet another experimental product today : Google Listen , an Audio search engine that runs as a Google Android app ( for now ) .
What does it Do ?
It allows you to stream or download podcasts , web audio , news shows , and more through your phone .
The experimental app is part iTunes , part audio search engine .
It has access to a number of different audio clips , from speeches by Sonia Sotomayor to newscasts by Charles Osgood .
Google ’s search algorithms find the most relevant audio .
You can then subscribe to different audio sources and build a queue , called Listen Queue , which is where Google Listen acts a bit like iTunes .
You can get more info from the Google Listen FAQ .
Here are a few screenshots of the new app :
It ’s not available for other phones or for the web , but it ’s still an experimental product .
We bet you ’ll see it on other devices if the test results look positive .
Once again , it ’s an experimental app from Google Labs , so it ’s got a ton of bugs , including “ networking , sdcard management , download storage , subscription updates , search quality , indexing more web audio , additional languages , and user experience . ”
Yeah , that ’s a lot of bugs , but that ’s what you should expect from a Google Labs product .
Will you use this app when it comes to your phone ?
What would you like to see it do ?
Let us know in the comments .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
( CNN ) -- U.S. scientists monitoring shrinking glaciers in Washington and Alaska reported this week that a major meltdown is under way .
The Gulkana glacier in Alaska is one of three glaciers considered a benchmark by the U.S. Geological Survey .
A 50 - year government study found that the world 's glaciers are melting at a rapid and alarming rate .
The ongoing study is the latest in a series of reports that found glaciers worldwide are melting faster than anyone had predicted they would just a few years ago .
It offers a clear indication of an accelerating climate change and warming earth , according to the authors .
Since 1959 , the U.S. Geological Survey , which published the study on its Web site , has been tracking the movements of the South Cascade glacier in Washington and the Wolverine and Gulkana glaciers in Alaska .
The three glaciers are considered " benchmarks " for the conditions of thousands of other glaciers because they 're in different climate zones and at various elevations .
" These changes are taking place in Washington State and Alaska in three different climate regimes , " said Edward Josberger , the lead researcher on the study with the USGS Washington Water Science Center in Tacoma , Washington .
" So we feel it 's definitely something going on , probably on a global scale , and of course , if you look at other such measurements around the world and put it all together , yes , glaciers are retreating and retreating rapidly . "
In a telephone interview with CNN , Josberger called the unprecedented glacial melt the " canary in the coal mine . "
The half - century record contains measurements of the amount of snow that has fallen on the glaciers each winter and on how much ice has melted off each summer .
The data give scientists a sense of whether the glacier is getting more " healthy " or losing mass , Josberger said .
They also indicate what 's happening to mountain glaciers in other parts of the world , the scientist said .
" We feel it 's definitely the signature of global change and climate warming , " Josberger said .
The melt of glaciers is resulting in higher sea levels and affecting ecosystems and the rivers that emanate from these glaciers , Josberger said .
" In terms of water supply available for people , Anchorage is fed by two glacially fed lakes .
There are some very strong impacts that could happen . "
The rate at which a glacier melts depends on its thickness and mass and , of course , on the temperature .
Even small changes in temperature of only one to two degrees can have a significant impact on the environment , according the the National Weather Service .
" We 've been using this 50 - year record to interpret the changes or the response of glaciers to climate change , " Josberger said .
" Basically , in the past 10 , 15 or 20 years these three glaciers are wasting away .
The melting has far exceeded the amount of snow that falls on them in the winter , so they 're retreating far up valley .
And this retreat is taking place all over the Pacific Northwest and Alaska . "
For example , Washington 's South Cascade glacier has lost half its volume since 1960 .
And , if the canary analogy proves true , the ice retreat is likely occurring all over the world , too , he said .
Glacier melt will likely continue and , as it does , sea levels around the world are expected to continue rising .
And that could affect people in low - lying coastal communities , forcing them from their homes and further inland , experts say .
All About Global Climate Change • U.S. Geological Survey • Alaska
Antisocial Personality Disorder
I just get angry sometimes .
I do n't have a problem .
Do I ? Wait .
What was the name of this album .
Antisocial Personality Disorder or White Colla Chryme ?
Oh well .
... they are both good names .
I guess WCC makes a better album cover .
Plus I do n't like people anyways .
No offense .
Track info ( brought to you in part by Mr. Nis ) : ( No Seriously ) What 's My Name
This song is mostly a response to Snoop Dogg - Who Am I ? and Eminem - ( pretty much every Eminem song ) MC Lars fans may notice a clever reference to " Hey That 's Me " I was pretty shameless in my namedropping in this one .
It annoys me sometimes .
Crocs are awesome .
Caffeine Trip
My very first nerdcore song .
No joke .
Written in part by Joseph Dunn , my partner in white colla chryme .
Balls to the wall - it is not referring to testicles - look up dat etimoligy 4 lyfe Caffeine will cause you to hallucinate .
Freaks me out .
Emergency Evacuation
On that RT Halloween compilation Based on Resident Evil and Doom Animaniacs .
I need to make more industrial pop like this Camping is a Habit Stunting may be habitual , but camping is an addiction
This one is pretty minimal for me " Got your head on the hood and you blood on my doors " ( butterfly doors , lol ) I 'm gonna make camping cool again .
White Colla Chryme
This one really came together .
Office Space , ftw .
Antisocial Personality Disorder I make that industrial pop music again .
I wrote and recorded this song in about 3 hours .
No joke .
Mad respect to youtube and videojug for the sample .
If you really have APD , seek professional help .
I 'm not antisocial , I 'm just a little shy .
Just like the xkcd shirt .
Special
Thanks to : God ( faith is imortant to me ) Philtr ( you are the man ) Kickehy ( thanks for being my # 1 fan ) Joseph ( keep hacking ) Murdoc ( word up home dog ) Caitlin ( my future in law ! )
Rozy ( " the new weird al " ?
I 'm flattered . )
Kimberly ( music video ?! eh? eh ? )
Sweeper ( \o ) Porkchop ( for much humor value ) cMoo92 ( caleb UP - the UNseth ) Brain ( i dont really know you , but you are cool in my book ) Z from hipsterplease.com ( thanks for pimping out my tracks ) Z from Little Miss Gamer ( are you single ? )
Thinman ( good luck with thinman jr. )
Seamus ( pear sea moose ) Dan Flemming aka Flem ( where you been man ? )
Random ( are you going to record that one verse for me ? )
Steve Jobs ( thanks for making the mac mini , it works great ) MC Lars ( a major influence in case you can't tell ) YT Cracker ( I hope I do n't borrow too liberally from your bag of tricks ) Snoop Dogg ( whoops nicked your style ) Eminem ( I reference him way too much ) VNV Nation ( Providing me with listening enjoyment ) Rob Dougan ( ditto ) The Doctor ( will return in ... )
Will Smith ( often hated and underestimated ) Dr Rhoda Hahn ( for her work at UC Irvine ) mc chris ( I kinda borrowed musical idea from The Tussin ) mc ( mc .... ?? ) frontalot ( yeah shameless namedrop their )
Professor Lisa Jardine and Annie Watkins of Queen Mary College interviewed 500 men , many of whom had some professional connection with literature , about the novels that had changed their lives .
The most frequently named book was Albert Camus 's The Outsider , followed by JD Salinger 's Catcher in the Rye and Kurt Vonnegut 's Slaughterhouse Five .
The project , called Men's Milestone Fiction , commissioned by the Orange prize for fiction and the Guardian , followed on from similar research into women 's favourite novels undertaken by the same team last year .
The results are strikingly different , with almost no overlap between men's and women 's taste .
On the whole , men preferred books by dead white men : only one book by a woman , Harper Lee , appears in the list of the top 20 novels with which men most identify .
Women , by contrast , most frequently cited works by Charlotte and Emily Brontë , Margaret Atwood , George Eliot and Jane Austen .
They also named a " much richer and more diverse " set of novels than men , according to Prof Jardine .
There was a much broader mix between contemporary and classic works and between male and female authors .
" We found that men do not regard books as a constant companion to their life 's journey , as consolers or guides , as women do , " said Prof Jardine .
" They read novels a bit like they read photography manuals . "
Women readers used much - loved books to support them through difficult times and emotional turbulence , and tended to employ them as metaphorical guides to behaviour , or as support and inspiration .
" The men 's list was all angst and Orwell .
Sort of puberty reading , " she said .
Ideas touching on isolation and " aloneness " were strong among the men's " milestone " books .
The researchers also found that women preferred old , well - thumbed paperbacks , whereas men had a slight fixation with the stiff covers of hardback books .
" We were completely taken aback by the results , " said Prof Jardine , who admitted that they revealed a pattern verging on a gender cliche , with women citing emotional , more domestic works , and men novels about social dislocation and solitary struggle .
She was also surprised she said , " by the firmness with which many men said that fiction did n't speak to them " .
The historian David Starkey said , for instance : " I fear fiction , of any sort , has never worked on me like that ...
Is that perhaps interesting in itself ? "
In addition , some men cited works of non-fiction as their " watershed " books , even though they were explicitly asked about fiction .
For example , David Cameron , leader of the Conservative party , picked out Robert Graves 's first world war memoir Goodbye to All That as his watershed book : " Brilliantly written , wonderfully clear and his description of life in WWI is harrowing but fascinating , " he told the researchers .
Most of the men cited books they had read as teenagers , and many of them stopped reading fiction while young adults , only returning to it in late middle age .
Prof Jardine said that the research suggested that the literary world was run by the wrong people .
" What I find extraordinary is the hold the male cultural establishment has over book prizes like the Booker , for instance , and in deciding what is the best .
This is completely at odds with their lack of interest in fiction .
On the other hand , the Orange prize for fiction [ which honours women authors ] is still regarded as ephemeral . "
She noted that when Daniel Defoe and Samuel Richardson had started writing novels in the 18th century , the new literary genre was regarded as strictly for women .
" On the whole , men between the ages of 20 and 50 do not read fiction .
This should have some impact on the book trade .
There was a moment when car manufacturers realised that it was women who bought the family car , and the whole industry changed .
We need fiction publishers - many of whom are women - to go through the same kind of recognition , " Prof Jardine said .
The list in full
The Outsider by Albert Camus
Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad
Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoevsky
The Great Gatsby by F Scott Fitzgerald
Brighton Rock by Graham Greene
Catch 22 by Joseph Heller
High Fidelity by Nick Hornby
Ulysses by James Joyce
Metamorphosis by Franz Kafka
The Book of Laughter and Forgetting by Milan Kundera
To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee
One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel Garcia Marquez
Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov
1984 by George Orwell
The Catcher in the Rye by JD Salinger
The Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck
The Hobbit by JRR Tolkien
The Lord of the Rings by JRR Tolkien
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain
Slaughterhouse Five by Kurt Vonnegut
Change your life with Jane Austen : the books that inspired women
Early education about sex and relationships is key , say campaigners
The fact that children raised in homes without a dad have sex earlier is down to their genes , say US researchers .
The study tested for genetic influences as well as factors such as poverty , educational opportunities and religion .
The more genes the children shared , the more similar their ages of first intercourse regardless of whether they had an absent father or not .
A spokesman for the charity , Brook , said children needed early education to help them make informed choices .
Competing theories
The study published in the journal , Child Development , says several theories have been advanced about the environmental factors which influence this association between absent fathers and early sex .
One suggests that because these children observe unstable or stressed parental relationships , they learn that resources are scarce , and people untrustworthy .
This leads them to mature in such a way that they are geared towards mating rather than parenting .
While there is clearly no such thing as a ' father absence gene ' , there are genetic contributions to traits in both mums and dads that increase the likelihood of earlier sexual behaviour in their children
Jane Mendle , University of Oregon Another states that because adolescents reared in single - parent households may have parents engaging in sexual behaviour with partners to whom they are not married , the children may be more likely to view non-marital sex as the norm .
And a third theory states that a single - parent family structure may encourage adolescent sexuality by reduced parental control .
In other words two parents can much more closely monitor their offspring 's activities and social networks , reducing the opportunities for sex .
But this study shows these factors are not as important as genes in determining early sexual behaviour .
Results
The researchers at the University of Oregon compared the average age of first intercourse among children whose fathers were always absent , partially absent or always present throughout childhood .
They looked at more than 1,000 cousins aged 14 and older from the American National Longitudinal Survey of Youth .
For the children whose fathers were always absent , 63.2 % reported having had sex .
This compared to 52.5 % of children whose fathers were sometimes absent .
And only 21 % of children whose fathers were always present .
The average age of first intercourse for children whose fathers were always absent was 15.28 , compared to partially fathered children at 15.36 and 16.11 for children whose fathers were present for all of their childhood .
It compared children who were related in different ways to each other , and who differed in whether they had lived with their fathers .
The more genes the children shared , the more similar their ages of first intercourse , regardless of whether or not the children had an absent father .
Genetic risk factor Jane Mendle , professor of psychology at the University of Oregon , who led the study said : " The association between father 's absence and children 's sexuality is best explained by genetic influences , rather than by environmental theories alone .
" While there is clearly no such thing as a ' father absence gene ' , there are genetic contributions to traits in both mums and dads that increase the likelihood of earlier sexual behaviour in their children .
All young people need access to confidential sexual health services as well as high quality education about sex and relationships from a young age
Simon Blake , Brook Advisory Centre " These include impulsivity , substance use and abuse , argumentativeness and sensation seeking . "
But Professor Mendle said her study did not have the power to discriminate conclusively between genetic and environmental factors and further research with a larger number of children would be necessary .
Simon Blake , from the sexual health charity , Brook Advisory Centre , took issue with the idea that genes were the overriding factor in early sex .
He said : " We know from research that factors associated with young people having first intercourse at a younger age are : lower educational achievements ; friends and the media being the main source of information about sex education ; socio- economic status ; early sexual experience and the earlier age at which girls start their periods .
" All young people need access to confidential sexual health services as well as high quality education about sex and relationships from a young age .
" This gives them the skills and information to make informed choices , and the self - esteem and aspirations for themselves for the future .
" Targeted outreach work is also an effective way of reaching those more vulnerable groups . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
President Evo Morales and Vice President Álvaro García are set to handily win the Dec. 6 elections in Bolivia , against a fragmented opposition .
In a Gallup International poll published early this month , more than 57 percent of respondents said they would vote for the left - wing Morales .
( IPS ) – President Evo Morales and Vice President Álvaro García are set to handily win the Dec. 6 elections in Bolivia , against a fragmented opposition .
In a Gallup International poll published early this month , more than 57 percent of respondents said they would vote for the left - wing Morales , compared to less than 10 percent each for the two most popular right - leaning candidates , Samuel Doria Medina of the National Unity Front ( FUN ) and former Cochabamba governor Manfred Reyes Villa of the New Republican Force ( NFR ) .
A total of eight presidential candidates registered last week to run for the 2010 - 2015 period .
A second term for Morales , who took office in January 2006 after winning 53.7 percent of the vote , would give the Movement to Socialism ( MAS ) a chance to consolidate what it has called the " re-founding " of the Bolivian state on the basis of greater participation by indigenous people and a strengthening of their rights .
Indigenous people in Bolivia , South America ’s poorest country , make up a majority of the population – approximately 60 percent of a total of 9.3 million people – but have long suffered discrimination .
They were not allowed to vote until 1952 , and Morales is the country ’s first - ever indigenous president .
The country is basically divided between the western highlands , home to the poor indigenous majority , and the much wealthier eastern and southeastern provinces , which account for most of the country ’s natural gas production , industry , agribusiness and gross domestic product .
The population of eastern Bolivia tends to be of more Spanish and mestizo ( mixed - race ) than indigenous descent .
The Morales administration has also distanced itself from the United States , which has historically had a strong influence on Bolivia .
Just a few months into his term , Morales re-nationalised the country ’s vast natural gas reserves , renegotiated the terms of the contracts under which foreign oil firms are operating in the country , and raised royalties and taxes on natural gas , which stood at just 18 percent from 1996 to 2005 .
Since February , Bolivia has a new constitution , one of whose central aims is to bolster the rights of indigenous people .
For example , native communities will decide how to manage local development and administer local natural resources .
In addition , the document designates the Bolivian state as " pluri- national " , in recognition of the country ’s 36 native peoples , as well as blacks .
The constitution also stipulates that all Bolivians have the right to water , food , education , health care , retirement pensions , housing , electricity , telecommunications and other basic services , which the state has the obligation to ensure access to in an efficient , equitable manner .
Furthermore , the constitution bans the privatisation of water and sewage services , and says the country ’s natural resources are the property of the Bolivian people and are to be administered by the state , " in the collective interest . "
It also strengthens women ’s rights , guaranteeing equal pay for men and women with the same job , and prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex , gender identity or sexual orientation .
But the opposition accuses the president of excessive concentration of power .
The head of the La Paz association of political scientists , Franklin Pareja , told IPS that if Morales is reelected , he will continue to head in the same direction , with the aim of " total hegemony , " while the opposition will attempt to offset the governing party ’s strength .
Besides MAS ’s control over both houses of Congress , it is " fighting for the privilege of rewriting the history of the country , in a more radical manner than up to now , " according to Pareja .
Analyst Carlos Toranzo said the right - wing opposition has been weakened since violent incidents last year in the central city of Santa Cruz – when radical right - wing youth groups encouraged by pro-business civic committees and opposition governors held violent protests , storming government buildings – and over rumours of ties to terrorist plans .
In another violent incident , in connection with which the then right - wing governor of the northern province of Pando , Leopoldo Fernández , was arrested , at least 15 indigenous people were shot to death when a group of Morales supporters were ambushed on their way to a pro-government rally in September 2008 .
But " the concentration of power without dialogue has allowed the resurgence of figures from the past , " said Pareja , who was referring precisely to Fernández , chosen by Reyes Villa , a former army officer , as his running - mate .
( Fernández is in prison and facing charges for instigating the September 2008 massacre . )
At the head of the Plan Progreso para Bolivia - Convergencia Nacional movement , Reyes Villa is attempting to unite the fragmented opposition movement .
" Internal and external pressures " have helped the right come together somewhat around two main candidates , Reyes Villa and Doria Medina – the wealthiest man in Bolivia – analyst Marcos Domic told IPS .
However , the right - wing and centre - right parties have not presented a clear political platform that could serve as an attractive alternative to voters , said Domic .
" Their plan is to defeat Morales and change the model of government – an unachievable goal , " he said .
The analyst said the strategy of the governing MAS is to reach beyond its poor working class , peasant and indigenous support base and try to win over more votes among middle - class professionals and intellectuals , by including figures like former ombudswoman Ana María Romero on its party lists .
Pareja concurred with Domic that the opposition lacks a clear platform , and said that what unity there is on the right involves " pragmatic alliances , based on the search for political survival . "
Reyes Villa has won lukewarm support from some opposition leaders in the so - called " eastern crescent " , the name given to the area made up of the relatively wealthy provinces of Pando , Beni , Santa Cruz and Tarija , which have sought autonomy .
" An eclectic opposition " will contest the December general elections , said Pareja .
In his view , currents on both the left and the right have come together in movements that do not have clearly defined political ideologies , unlike parties in Europe , for instance .
" It ’s a mistake when they try to depict us as two broad fronts in confrontation , because in purely theoretical terms the left - wing and right - wing fronts do not exist .
Our composition is not as radical and clearly defined as they make out , " Pareja argued .
A third of nurses will refuse to have the swine flu jab
Up to a third of nurses will say no to the swine flu jab because of concerns over its safety , a poll has found .
NHS workers are first in line for the vaccine , but a survey of 1,500 nurses found many will reject it .
Last night a Government scientist condemned the results saying nurses who do not have the jab are putting patients at risk .
Up to a third of nurses will say no to the swine flu jab because of concerns over its safety , a poll has found
Nevertheless the poll , by Nursing Times magazine , will raise questions over the Government 's planned mass vaccination programme .
Of 1,500 readers , 30 per cent would not say yes to the vaccine , while 33 per cent said maybe .
Just 37 per cent said they would definitely have the jab .
Of those who said they would refuse the jab , 60 per cent said their main reason was concern about the safety of the vaccine .
A further 31 per cent said they did not consider the risks to their health from swine flu to be great enough , while 9 per cent thought they would not be able to take time off work to get immunised .
Some 91 per cent described themselves as frontline nurses .
One told the magazine : ' I would not be willing to put myself at risk of unknown long - term effects to facilitate a short - term solution . '
Another added : ' I have yet to be convinced there is a genuine health risk and it's not just Government propaganda . '
But Professor David Salisbury , the Department of Health 's director of immunisation , reckoned it was unfortunate nurses would ' knowingly leave themselves at risk ' .
Poll
Will you have the swine flu jab ?
Yes No Will you have the swine flu jab ?
Yes 4367 votes
No 18382 votes
Now share your opinion
He added : ' They have a duty to their patients and they have a duty to their families .
I think you solve those responsibilities by being vaccinated .'
And Chief Nursing Officer Christine Beasley insisted : ' Frontline nurses will be absolutely crucial in the height of a pandemic without them , patient care will suffer and the NHS will be stretched .
' Getting the vaccine will protect nurses and their patients .
That 's why we 're offering frontline nurses the vaccine as a top priority . '
The jab , currently being fast tracked , will not be fully tested before it is administered .
There will be no tests at all carried out on children under three , even though babies and children at high risk will be among the first to get the vaccine .
There are also concerns the jab can cause Guillain Barre Syndrome , which can lead to paralysis and even death .
A mass swine flu vaccination in the U.S. in 1976 caused far more deaths than the disease it was designed to combat and the Health Protection Agency watchdog has asked doctors to be on the lookout for cases of GBS .
Last week Chief Medical Officer Sir Liam Donaldson announced the jab will be given to high - risk groups with asthma or diabetes , as well as health workers .
Some 14 million will be covered by the first wave of the vaccination programme .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. regulators on Thursday listed two dozen drugs , including weight - loss medicines and sleep disorder pills , that it is at an early stage of reviewing for potential safety problems .
View of pills manufactured on a production line in a pharmaceutical company .
REUTERS / Jacky Naegelen
Many of the issues have been previously disclosed , but remain under review by the Food and Drug Administration .
The FDA said it was checking Pfizer Inc ’s smoking cessation drug Chantix for possible risk of accidental injury , vision impairment and other issues , and Cephalon Inc ’s sleep disorder drugs Nuvigil and Provigil for a potential of serious skin reactions .
Other drugs listed included orlistat , a weight - loss drug sold by Roche Inc as the prescription product Xenical and by GlaxoSmithKline Plc as the over - the - counter drug Alli .
The FDA said it was continuing to evaluate liver toxicity reports for orlistat .
The FDA also said Pfizer ’s overactive bladder drug Detrol was under investigation for reports of Stevens - Johnson syndrome , a serious skin reaction .
The FDA releases a quarterly list of safety probes as part of an effort to inform the public about early investigations of potential side effects that have been reported .
The list released on Thursday covers October through December 2008 .
The problems are potential safety issues and their appearance on the list “ does not mean that FDA has identified a causal relationship ” with the drug , the agency said .
Roche spokesman Terry Hurley , commenting on the listing of Xenical , said available data “ does not suggest that orlistat is causally related ” to liver problems , noting obesity itself is a risk factor for liver injury .
Glaxo spokeswoman Mary Anne Rhyne also said “ no causal relationship ... has been established ” between Alli and hepatitis , a liver disease .
Pfizer spokeswoman Sally Beatty said the maker of Chantix evaluates any reports of health problems and “ as with all our medicines , we work with the FDA to ensure our labeling reflects the latest safety information . ”
The FDA had said last year it was taking a closer look at Chantix after reports of accidents , vision loss and other problems in hundreds of patients
A Cephalon spokeswoman did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Nuvigil and Provigil .
Serious skin reactions were identified as an issue with the drugs in 2007 and the FDA continues to study the matter , the agency said .
A spokeswoman for Glaxo could not immediately be reached for comment on the listing of Alli .
Bristol - Myers Squibb Co’s HIV drug , Sustiva , was listed due to one report of an eye - related birth defect .
A description of the case was added to the drug ’s prescribing instructions in March 2009 , the FDA said .
Bristol - Myers spokeswoman Cristi Barnett said the drug ’s label states it should only be used in pregnant women , “ if the benefit to the patient justifies the potential risk to the fetus . ”
The FDA also is probing pancreatitis with Bayer AG 's contraceptive Yasmin , the agency 's list said .
Bayer spokeswoman Rose Talarico said the listing " was not prompted by any change in the existing safety profile " of Yasmin and the company " continues to work with the FDA to ensure that the most up - to - date and accurate safety information " is included in the drug 's label .
The FDA posted the list on its Websitehere .
are you sure ?
yes
1. Racism is bad ( original series , " Let That Be Your Last Battlefield " )
Star Trek has a long - running habit of recasting social situations via none - too - subtle metaphors , using far - future scenarios packed with androids and aliens to highlight some of the flaws in stodgy old 20th - century human thinking .
One of the most pointed such shots at social commentary came in the 1969 original - series episode " Let That Be Your Last Battlefield , " as Captain James T. Kirk and the Starship Enterprise ran across two powerful half - white , half - black aliens with a long cultural history of mutual suspicion , oppression , and hatred that led to their world 's destruction ; in the end , they were the only survivors .
Why so much hate ?
As one explained , he was white on the left side and black on the right side , whereas his enemy was the opposite .
Of course , Kirk and his ( nearly all white ) crew did n't get it ; to their advanced civilization , the distinction between skin colors and the prejudice attached to those colors was arbitrary , ridiculous , and hopelessly backward .
Hint hint , racism - plagued ’60s America .
2 . Office romance is almost always a bad idea— especially with your superior officer ( The Next Generation , “ Lessons ” )
When Captain Picard discovers that he makes beautiful music — literally and figuratively — with the new head of the stellar cartography department , Nella Daren , a strange feeling comes over him :
He ’s responsible for decisions that might affect her very life , but he could n’t possibly put her in harm ’s way — not after she helped him reconnect with his love of the Resskian flute !
No sooner than you can jiggle a tricorder , Picard must send her to a dangerous situation at the Federation outpost on Bersallis III .
When he hears that she might be dead , the heretofore stoic Picard breaks down and has trouble making the calls that a Starship captain needs to .
Turns out she ’s alive , but both realize that Picard ’s job is too important to risk letting personal feelings get in the way .
So it ’s just like that time the Wal - Mart swing - shift manager dated the pharmacy technician — both were doomed to failure because too damn much was at stake .
3 . Save the whales !
( Star Trek IV : The Voyage Home )
When a mysterious vessel approaches Earth and begins destroying the atmosphere , Starfleet Command is at a loss :
The vessel is sending out a signal , but they just do n’t understand it !
Spock , noting the arrogance of humans , suggests that the signal might be aimed at another lifeform .
Turns out that humpback whales , long extinct , might be the key to ending Earth ’s imminent destruction , so a kooky plan is hatched .
Dr. McCoy can explain it best : “ You ’re proposing that we go backwards in time , find humpback whales , then bring them forward in time , drop them off , and hope to hell they tell this probe what to go do with itself ? ”
That ’s right , those whales are n’t just symbolic of what people have done to this planet — they ’re actually the key to survival in the long term .
( And a great excuse to send the original Star Trek crew to Earth in the ’ 80s , where they can encounter punks and fall in love . )
4. Racial profiling is bad ; detention camps are even worse ( “ Detained , ” Enterprise )
In its first two seasons , the Scott Bakula - helmed series Enterprise faced a formidable foe in the form of the Suliban , an alien race whose weapons included time travel and genetic engineering .
And what a terrible race they were !
But wait , they were n’t all bad , as Bakula ’s Capt .
Archer discovers when he winds up imprisoned in a detainment camp with a bunch of Suliban .
Turns out they ’re a peace - loving race who largely shun the violent tactics of the terrorist - like Cabal sect .
Message received , right ?
Almost .
Turns out Archer has some facts about the United States ’ WWII Japanese internment camps he needs to share with his jailer ( Bakula ’s old Quantum Leap co-star Dean Stockwell ) before leading a daring escape .
We get it , all right ?
5 . Be cautious when introducing new lifeforms to your eco-system — even super cute ones ( original series , “ The Trouble With Tribbles ” )
When Uhura brings an adorable , furry little tribble back to the ship , the immediate reaction is friendly : Tribbles coo , and their sound and feel is very soothing to humans .
But little did the crew know that if you feed a tribble , it will immediately begin to asexually reproduce — and the more you feed it , the more tribbles you ’ll end up with .
The creatures eventually begin to take over all available space on the Enterprise , getting into the grain supply and eating it all up .
That turns out to be a good thing , since the grain had been poisoned by a devious Klingon .
Still , everyone learns that a starship is no place for a tribble to live , and Scotty cleverly uses them to mess with the Klingons — he beams the lot of them into their engine room .
6 . War should n't be easy ( original series , " A Taste Of Armageddon " )
One of the biggest problems about addressing real - life concerns through metaphor is making that metaphor plausible enough to work in a fictional environment .
There 's no fun in watching an episode of any show that bogs down in moralizing , especially when the moral takes precedence over common sense .
Here Kirk and Spock visit the planet Eminiar and learn that it 's been at war with neighboring planet Vendikar for over 500 years .
Instead of the chaos and destruction one would expect after such a conflict , they find an apparently thriving civilization .
The secret ?
The war is being fought with computers , and there 's no property damage because there are no bombs .
The only problem : the casualty figures are still very real , which means that at the end of each simulated " battle , " a number of people are ordered to report to the Disintegration Chambers .
It 's a clever - enough idea , using technology to disconnect people from the harshness of real conflict , and making it possible for that conflict to never resolve itself once either side 's resources are exhausted .
But as an actual model of human behavior , it leaves a lot to be desired .
What if the computers break down ?
Did generation upon generation of Eminiar citizens really willingly go to their executions ?
The system had been going on for centuries before the Enterprise showed up , and there 's no indication that anybody had ever objected to it before .
Obviously a certain amount of suspension of disbelief is required for even the best Trek episodes , but there are limits ; and in its need to make a point , " Armageddon " sacrifices good storytelling for rhetoric .
7. Society cannot be led by a computer ( original series , " The Return Of The Archons " )
A computer - run civilization is a common theme in the Trek - verse ; the basic template allows the writers some leeway ( how does this computer decide to run things ? ) , as well as letting them beat up on logic and science .
( Spock may be the sanest person on the Enterprise , but he takes an awful lot of ribbing because it . )
" The Return Of The Archons " certainly is n't the last time this particular meme would pop up , but it is one of the oddest .
After a random crewman gets kidnapped and poor Sulu gets a serious case of the jollies , Kirk and team beam down to Beta III to investigate , and find all manner of craziness afoot .
The town looks like a Western could start filming there any second , and the natives are dressed accordingly , but the weird bit is when " Red Hour " hits , and everybody in the area goes crazy .
After some investigating and further conversation with the locals , Kirk and Spock discover the horrible truth : a man named Landrau wanted to create Utopia , so he built a machine to run everything , and taught it his own theories on how a perfect society would work .
The result is , unsurprisingly , a total mess .
So is the episode .
After a promising start , " Archons " gets bogged down in repeated exposition , and the final reveal of Landrau 's AI is a disappointment .
Seems it 's easier to create an obviously inferior opponent than it is put up a real challenge , and Kirk 's response is to launch into a seemingly endless monologue designed to force the machine into destroying itself .
Apparently , the main point here is supposed to be so obvious that it does n't have to be shown , simply presumed .
8 . We need our pain !
( Star Trek V : The Final Frontier )
Star Trek V : The Final Frontier is generally considered the worst of the Trek movies , and for good reason .
William Shatner ’s direction is hamfisted , the script does n’t make a whole lot of sense , and performances range from disinterested to senile .
And , oh , when it comes to lessons learned :
Do n’t put on rocket boots and freak out a rock climber ; always make sure the commanding officer knows about any secret half - brothers ; do n’t trust a 56 - year - old fan dancer ; if God asks for a starship , He ’s probably not the real thing .
But the most important lesson at all comes from Spock ’s black sheep of a sibling , Sybok .
On his quest to find the mystical planet Shaka - Ri , Sybok picks up followers by ridding them of the one thing in their life that hurts them the most .
One quick mind meld and a hug apparently stands in for a lifetime of therapy , and nearly everyone who gets the treatment acts like a pod person afterwards , bowing to Sybok ’s requirements .
Of course Kirk finds the will to resist , and when Sybok tries to put the moves on him , James T. responds with a stirring speech about how a person ’s pain , and how they live with it , defines who they are .
Inspiring words , truly ; or at least they would be if the whole notion was n’t ridiculously simplistic .
The idea that each and every person Sybok meets has one memory so awful that its resolution changes their entire personality seems born of hack writing and talk - show therapy , and Kirk ’s assertion that keeping that memory unresolved and aching is the only way to stay true to one ’s self is equally shallow .
Cheap psychology is hardly the worst of Star Trek V’s many sins , but there ’s something frustrating about watching beloved characters — men and women who would ’ve died for Kirk in seasons past — betraying their principles like college students after their first self - help book .
9 . Sometimes you have to let go ( Star Trek : First Contact )
It makes sense that the best movie with the Next Generation crew would involve the Borg ; the assimilating robo-zombies were one of the series most enduring contributions to the Trek - verse , and they ’re one of the most effective villains of the show ’s history .
In probably the best of all the Next Gen story arcs , they actually managed to do the one thing hundreds of aliens and baddies had never achieved :
They took out Captain Picard .
Worse , they did n’t kill him — they made him one of their own , using his knowledge of Starfleet and the Enterprise to force him to betray his own people .
So when the Borg make an all out assault on Earth , it ’s no surprise that Picard is determined to shut them down once and for all .
The Enterprise ends up following the main Borg ship through a time warp into the past , where Picard can pursue his vendetta while the Borg Queen tries to screw up history .
All well and good , until Picard starts losing perspective .
Patrick Stewart gives it his Shakespearean best , but the script lets him down , overplaying its references to Ahab and turning one of Trek ’s greatest captains into a yelling cartoon .
And when it comes time for someone to bring him down , instead of using someone in the regular cast , the movie brings in Alfre Woodard to serve as a voice of reason .
Strong an actress as Woodard is , there ’s no fun in seeing a stranger lecture Picard on being more adult .
The ridiculousness of the Borg Queen aside , that ’s the movie ’s biggest flaw ; it makes a hero into a fool , and then lacks the writing to make the arc matter .
[ pagebreak ]
10 . Rape is bad ( Star Trek : The Next Generation , “ Violations ” )
Genre storytelling is a great way to deal with touchy subjects through the veneer of fiction .
By providing the audience with distance from a difficult issue , it allows them to view things more objectively , and maybe find a new perspective on things .
Or else it turns something bad into , well , kind of a joke .
“ Violations ” sits on the middle of the line — like most episodes of Next Generation , it ’s well - meaning and generally effective , but when the metaphor becomes literal by the end , it turns into shrill moralizing that makes the whole “ cloaked in sci - fi imagery ” angle seem largely pointless .
The Enterprise is transporting three Ullians on their trip to create a kind of personal history of the galaxy .
Using their psychic gifts , the Ullians are able to probe minds of their subjects , bringing previously lost memories into sharp focus .
It ’s all pleasant and soothing , until one of the Ullian takes a shine to Deanna Troi and forces himself into her brain .
It ’s a mental rape standing for a physical one , and creepy as that is , the metaphor is so direct as to be hardly a metaphor at all .
Much like Willow ’s much hated “ magic addiction ” on Buffy , it ’s less a clever way to make a point than it is an obvious lack of nerve in dealing with something that would ’ve been far more effective had it been handled more directly .
11 . The U.S. Constitution Is The Greatest Of Glories ( original series , " The Omega Glory " )
Especially in the original series , Star Trek had a penchant for presenting the Enterprise crew with planets uncannily like Earth , down to the shape of the continents , but different in some fundamental and plot - driven respect .
( Here 's where the Nazis took over , there 's where the Roman Empire never fell … )
The conceit was particularly ludicrous and heavy - handed in " The Omega Glory , " in which Kirk and company ran afoul of a bitter conflict between two tribes , the Yangs and the Kohms , on a world devastated hundreds of years earlier by global war .
Omega IV is actually Planet Of The Blatant Cold - War Allegory , Kirk deduces , and " Yang " and " Kohm " are corrupted versions of " yankee " and " communist . "
The Yangs , apparently the descendants of the love - children of Jonah Goldberg and Ann Coulter , literally worship the American flag and the U.S. Constitution , which over the years has been linguistically warped into a nonsensical religious catechism : " I plegleia neptum flagumm ; to pec , liforstand … "
What this situation needs is overacting , and William Shatner is the man for the job :
He corrects the Yangs with a sweepingly grandiose recitation of the Preamble .
( " Tall words ! … not written for the chiefs or kings or the warriors or the rich or the powerful , but for ALL THE PEOPLE !
They must apply to EVERYONE — or they mean NOTHING ! " )
It 's nearly impossible to take seriously , though the patriotic sentiment was meant unironically — supposedly , series creator Gene Roddenberry personally submitted the episode for Emmy consideration .
( It did not win . )
12 . There ’s no staying in the Garden Of Eden and that ’s okay ( original series , “ The Apple ” )
The Enterprise beams down to a planet that looks like an unspoiled paradise only to find it ’s controlled by a sophisticated , snake - headed computer named Vaal whom the inhabitants regard as God .
By attending to their every need in return for the occasional mineral meal , Vaal keeps his bronze - skinned , blonde - haired worshippers in a state of permanent , childlike innocence .
While Spock seems to think this is okay , McCoy and Kirk are repulsed by the sexless , socially retarded civilization — so they say damn the Prime Directive and proceed to blow Vaal to bits .
Taking their cues from the Russian lothario Chekov , the former Feeders Of Vaal start making out and giggling at Kirk ’s lame jokes , their innocence lost forever but their humanity restored at last .
It ’s as literal - minded as the original series got — Spock , Kirk , and McCoy bring up the story of Adam and Eve at the beginning and end of the episode , in case anyone missed the point — but it ’s also a fairly daring , quintessentially ’60s smack at the notion that we need to stick to inherited moral codes at the expense of our own happiness because that ’s simply how things are done .
13 .
It ’s okay to ask for help ( The Next Generation , “ Q Who ” )
When the mischievous Q transports the Enterprise 7000 years into the future , Picard is faced with the first glimpse of his greatest enemy : the collective cube - dweller (s ) called the Borg .
Picard — with help from Troi and Guinan — learns that the Borg act as a hive mind , and that they have no real leader .
And no remorse .
And the ability to completely subsume or destroy pretty much anything that gets in their way .
In later episodes featuring the Borg , we learn about the downside of being a conformist , but in “ Q Who , ” it ’s all about reaching out for help , even to a trickster god .
When things look completely bleak , and Picard must decide whether to blow up his own ship ( with everyone aboard ) or be assimilated by the Borg , he finally relents , telling the almost - omnipotent Q that he wants his help .
“ If we all die here now , you will not be able to gloat .
You wanted to frighten us .
We ’re frightened .
You wanted to show us we were inadequate .
For the moment , I grant that .
You wanted me to say ‘ I need you . ’
I need you ! ”
No hugs after that , unfortunately .
14 . Owning slaves is not cool , even if they ’re kinda robots ( The Next Generation , “ The Measure Of A Man ” )
When a Federation scientist wants to disassemble Commander Data — in order to see if he can create more androids like him — Data objects , fearing that the scientist wo n’t be able to put him back together .
Starfleet tries to exert its authority over Data , who resigns rather than submitting .
Then Starfleet tries to claim that Data is actually their property ( oh no you did n’t ) , and that they can do whatever they like with him .
All the judge needs to be swayed in Data ’s favor is an impassioned courtroom speech by Picard , of course .
But in case it was n’t clear what was at stake here , witness this exchange between Whoopi “ Guinan ” Goldberg and Picard : “ Consider that in the history of many worlds there have always been disposable creatures .
They do the dirty work …
You do n’t have to think about their welfare ; you do n’t think about how they feel .
Whole generations of disposable people . ”
“ You ’re talking about slavery . ”
15 - 16 .
Immigration is a positive thing for a society ; abortion is a fundamental human right ( Star Trek : The Next Generation : " Up The Long Ladder " )
In what 's been described as the most protested Star Trek : The Next Generation episode , writer Melinda M. Snodgrass had a couple of basic agendas .
She defined the first in an interview : " It was intended to be a commentary about immigration , because I hate the current American policy .
I wanted it to be something that says sometimes those outsiders you think are so smelly and wrong - colored can bring enormous benefits to your society , because they bring life and energy . "
Problem was , the " outsiders " in this case were a bunch of comically backward , thick - witted , tech - spurning space Irish whose colony was being threatened , so they had to bring their livestock , their boozing , and their campfire - cooking ways aboard the Enterprise .
In the process , they annoyed everyone so much that Commander Riker eventually told one spirited lassie , " I can see why your father wants to marry you off …
So he can have a pipe and a mug of beer in peace . "
Advertisement
Eventually , the Enterprise found a second colony of the same people on a planet populated by clones of the original settlers ; needing more genetic diversity , the clone - leaders stole a few " interstitial undifferentiated cells " from Riker and Doctor Pulaski , and created clones with them .
When Riker and Pulaski figured it out , they returned to the planet and killed the clones , with Riker pointedly giving a speech about his right to control his own body , and how unwanted copies of himself " diminish me in ways I can't even imagine . "
In the same interview , Snodgrass admitted that a ) the plot was definitely meant as a pro-choice message , and b ) she got a ton of angry letters from pro-lifers who caught on quickly .
Strangely , Irish - Americans were equally angry about the cheap stereotypes of the Irish culture as a bastion of backwardness and drunkenness , even though the space Irish eventually save the day by bringing " life and energy " to the clone - culture in the form of a willingness to breed in some new genes .
17 . Society ought to accept gay people and aliens analogous to gay people :
“ The Outcast ” ( Next Generation ) , “ Rejoined ” ( Deep Space Nine ) , “ Stigma , ” ( Enterprise )
Same - sex pairings have long been a thorny subject in the Star Trek universe .
Gene Roddenberry ’s future has conquered racism and sexism and , ostensibly , homophobia .
So where are all the gay characters ?
Why do n’t we see same - sex couples holding hands at 10 - Forward ?
A handful of episodes have dealt with gay themes , however , usually by having our Starfleet heroes encounter sexual prejudice in other cultures .
In “ The Outcast , ” the Enterprise teams up with a race called the J'naii , an androgynous culture that regards genders as a thing of their race ’s primitive past .
Nonetheless , a J’naii minority have never lost the urge to choose a sexual preference , and one female - identified J’naii named Soren falls hard for intergalactic playboy Riker , even though it means exclusion and possible brainwashing .
Much impassioned speechifying about how gay people … err… J’naii with gender preferences are as normal as everyone else follows .
Advertisement
Deep Space Nine ’s 1995 episode “ Rejoined ” follows much the same pattern , but with a little more subtlety , when the body - jumping Trill Jadzia Dax encounters the wife she left behind when her life inside a previous , male host ended .
Rekindling old flames is verboten for Trill , and after a passionate flirtation — and a broadcast taboo - pushing same - sex kiss — Dax ’s once - but - not - future - lover decides their newfound old love is not worth living as exiles .
A few years later , Enterprise found resident Vulcan T’Pol experiencing prejudice when she ’s found to be suffering from an AIDS - like disease largely transmitted by members of a shunned sub-culture of Vulcan mind - melders .
Though not a mind - melder herself , she takes a bold stand against bigotry and learns of a mind - melding underground fighting for equality .
As with Star Trek ’s previous attempts to deal with gay issues , the episode ’s intentions are never less than noble , and the conclusion just short of tragic .
Would one happy ending kill them ?
Even better , would n’t showing a future where seeing men with men and women with women was n’t that big a deal have said more than the occasional windy sermon about equality ?
18 . Politics is a dirty business , ( “ The Inquisition , ” Deep Space Nine )
The Star Trek universe has its roots in utopian ideals , but utopias are n’t always the easiest things to maintain .
Set in a galactic hotspot , Deep Space Nine was the series most eager to acknowledge realpolitik , moral ambiguity , the fact that not all problems can be wrapped up 44 minutes , and that the principles of the United Federation Of Planets might not hold all the answers .
The 1998 episode “ Inquisition ” even questions the integrity of the Federation itself .
Dr. Bashir becomes the object of intense scrutiny thanks to inquiries made by a purported internal affairs officer named Sloan .
After an ordeal and several twisty revelations , Bashir learns that Sloan ’s actually a member of the super - secret “ Section 31 , ” a agency designed to protect the Federation even when it means violating its core principles through deception , espionage , and torture .
Somewhere Dick Cheney was taking notes .
Republican pollster Frank Luntz got an earful of criticism from CNN’s John Roberts on Sunday ’s Reliable Sources .
The CNN host took the political consultant to task over a memo he wrote to Republicans , urging them to use what Roberts described as “ charged language ” to scuttle health reform efforts .
Discussing what Luntz sees as an unprecedented level of anger among the American electorate , Roberts asked : “ You wrote a memo to the Republican Party , giving them suggestions on how to oppose the health care plan , suggested that they use phrases like ‘ it ’s a bailout of the insurance industry , ’ ‘ Washington takeover of the system . ’
All of these words were out there .
So my question is , did you help contribute to that anger ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ But what is the first page of that memo ? ” Luntz responded .
“ That you must support health care reform .
That ’s exactly what Americans would say .
We need to cover those people who are n’t covered . ”
“ But when you use charged language like that , are you not contributing to that anger ? ” Roberts asked .
“ What Americans are asking for is a slow and steady reform of the health care system , not something radical , and the politicians in Washington are n’t listening , ” Luntz said .
Luntz was on CNN promoting his new book , What Americans Really Want … Really , in which he cites research showing 72 percent of Americans “ are mad as hell and they ’re not going to take it anymore . ”
Luntz ’ research has come in for criticism in the past .
In 1997 , he was reprimanded by the American Association for Public Opinion Research over his polling in the 1994 mid-term elections , which saw the Republicans gain control of Congress .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to Salon.com , “ Luntz told the media that everything in the [ GOP ’s Contract with America ] had the support of at least 60 percent of the general public .
Considering the elementary phrasing of that document ( stop violent criminals , protect our kids , strong national defense ) , it seems almost laughably uncontroversial .
But one of AAPOR ’s 1,400 members was n’t so amused , and filed a complaint requesting to see Luntz ’s research and a verification of the figure .
“ Luntz ’s response ?
He could n’t reveal the information because of client confidentiality . ”
A 2004 memo , entitled “ The Language of Prevention and Protection ” and attributed to Luntz , states that “ no speech about homeland security or Iraq should begin without a reference to 9/11 . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from CNN ’s Reliable Sources , broadcast Sept. 27 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
WASHINGTON – June 4 is n't just the 20th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre in China , it 's also known as Chinese Internet Maintenance day .
That 's because many Chinese services are facing so much pressure from the government to keep their users from talking about that bloody day , they are just shutting down comment boards , or claiming their services are closed for unspecified upgrades .
For instance , FanFou.com , a popular Twitter - like service , shut its doors for the week , and says it will re-open on June 6 .
Meanwhile , the so - called Great Firewall of China is blocking Twitter , human rights groups ' websites and blogging services hosted outside of China .
At a well - timed panel at the Computers , Freedom and Privacy conference in Washington , D.C. , Thursday , Hu Yong , a popular Chinese blogger and an associate professor at Peking University , quoted EFF co-founder John Gilmore 's famous saying that the " internet interprets censorship as damage and routes around it . "
" If he lived in China , he could not say this , " Hu said .
The self - censorship by Chinese companies and even citizens means that techie solutions for getting around the Chinese Firewall wo n't work , even for those Chinese net users sophisticated enough to use a proxy or Tor , according to fellow panelist Rebecca MacKinnon , the co-founder of Global Voices .
MacKinnon showed a photo from Ai Wei Wei , a now - famous architect who designed China 's Olympic stadium , who has become a prominent government critic .
The photo showed Ai giving the finger to the famous square in Beijing .
The post was quickly taken down by the hosting service , but MacKinnon 's Google Reader feed saved a copy from the memory hole .
Despite that censorship , the country is still very interested in the events of 20 years ago , when the government crushed an unprecedented pro-democracy protest in Beijing by unleashing the army on unarmed students .
MacKinnon , the former Beijing Bureau Chief for CNN , noted that the top three hot queries on Google.cn were about the anniversary , despite Google 's willing censorship of search results .
But Google does better than the Chinese - owned Baidu search engine , which reports no results for an image search for " Tiananmen Square . "
Baidu 's blogging service also searches draft posts for keywords , and forbids publication of posts with controversial terms .
Shen Tong , an internet entrepreneur who has lived in exile since he was a student leader at Tiananmen , says the Chinese government has been quite effective in its selective use and censorship of the internet , noting that it has been very successful in using it to promote economic development and nationalism .
" China is arguably the most serious government in the world about using the internet , " Tong said , noting that the ruling Communist party is particularly skilled at using the web to spread the government line .
" So far the Chinese government is getting fairly good results for their purpose .
And when the popular opinion is in their favor , the wall comes down . "
And while he agrees that the internet is a liberalizing force , he says China really has an intranet – like AOL in the early ' 90s – and that " China is still a police state . "
Michael Anti , the pen name of a popular Chinese blogger who was censored by Microsoft 's MSN Spaces service in 2005 , argues that the internet will inevitably liberalize the Chinese people .
" The internet can give the world a good China instead of a bad China , " Anti said .
" As time goes by the whole country will become netizens that embrace free speech . "
And , perhaps surprisingly , Anti credits Google with making a serious difference in the lives of Chinese internet users .
In China , the search giant is more than just " not evil " ; it 's become a powerful force for good .
That 's because Google 's recent move to enable use of the encrypted " https " protocol as a setting on Gmail and Google docs has empowered Chinese citizens to easily share information away from the prying eyes of the government , according to Anti , who was a Harvard Nieman fellow in 2008 .
" Civil society in China is based on Google , because Google makes us safe , " Anti said .
" MSN and Google are not bad companies , but Yahoo is . "
In 2007 , Yahoo's compliance with a Chinese government demand for information led to the arrest and imprisonment of a dissident internet journalist .
Despite the pervasive government censorship , the Chinese internet is full of flame wars , government officials engaging in live chat with citizens , and even sanctioned discussion of controversial government policies , such as the one - child limitation , according to MacKinnon .
Unfortunately , many topics must be discussed in coded language .
" It 's hard to talk about censorship because the word for censorship gets censored , " MacKinnon said .
Instead , activists use words that sound like the banned words , so river crabs wearing three watches has come – by accident of a tonal language – to stand for censorious government officials .
So just today , someone posted a picture that showed a river crab capturing a gag - and - muzzled small blue bird – a clear reference for those in the know to the blocking of Twitter .
" There is an outlet now that people can use to protest without going onto the street , but when you try to use the internet to organize , you still go to jail , " MacKinnon said .
But that seemed not to be the case in Hong Kong Thursday , as a reported 150,000 attended a pro-democracy protest .
News of the anniversary protest made its way to the panelists , who took turns passing their smartphones to each other and smiling , eventually telling the crowd they were following Twitters from Chinese citizens who were reporting on the protest in real time .
A Chinese man stands infront of tanks heading down Cangan Boulevard , past the Beijing Hotel , near Tiananmen Square , China , 5th June 1989 .
The tanks stopped their advance momentarily as he cried and pleaded for an end to the killing in China 's capital .
The man was pulled away by bystanders and the tanks continued .
JEFF WIDENER / AP .
See Also :
The trap in a sink drain line has some key functions .
Not only will it catch the wedding ring or anniversary earring that slips down the drain , but it also creates a place for a water block to prevent sewer gases from coming up the drain line and into the house .
For all the good a trap does , it ’s vulnerable under the sink and can be knocked around easily by cleaning buckets and stray bleach bottles .
This bruising can lead to leaks and hundreds of dollars in water damage .
Replacing a trap is something you can handle yourself .
It ’s a straightforward plumbing task that requires a minimum of materials and can be done easily in an afternoon .
If I ’m replacing a trap , I always add a cleanout if one is not there already .
A cleanout is a code requirement in many areas , and it will save you a big headache if the drain line ever gets blocked .
Do n’t be afraid to get comfortable
Step 1 : I avoid kneeling whenever I can , preferring to get right in there .
Remove the drain plug on the old trap , and let the water drain out .
Then loosen the slip nut and disconnect the trap from the sink ’s tailpiece .
Make sure there ’s enough room for a new cleanout Y - fitting .
Hold the new Y - fitting roughly where it should go .
Cut the drain line square about an inch away from the wall .
Deburr the drain stub , and test - fit the Y - fitting .
Remove the drain plug .
Loosen the slip nut .
Deburr the stub .
Test - fit the new Y - fitting .
Cable saw for tight spots
Krysta Doerfler
Trying to cut pipe with a handsaw in the cramped space under a sink can bang up my knuckles and elbows .
I often use a battery - powered reciprocating saw with a stubby blade , but even this tool can be too big for really tight spots .
A handy little device for these situations is a PVC cable saw .
It ’s a cable with a rubber - coated loop at each end .
When you pass this cable behind the pipe and pull back and forth , the cable slides through PVC like butter .
The cable does n’t actually cut the pipe like a saw .
Instead , it melts its way through the PVC with friction from the back - and - forth sawing motion .
Cable saws are widely available in hardware and plumbing stores for less than $ 15 .
Attach the Y - fitting , and measure the horizontal and vertical PVC - pipe sections
Step 2 : Install the Y - fitting level but with the cleanout section tilted up .
To glue the cleanout , coupling , and other sections , coat both surfaces evenly with primer ; then coat both surfaces with glue .
Fit the sections together , and hold secure for 20 seconds to allow the glue to set up .
I hold a level up to the Y - fitting while the glue is setting so that it ends up where I want it .
Step 3 : Measure for the vertical pipe section that connects the tailpiece to the trap .
It ’s best to do this after gluing a 2 - in. by 1 1/2- in. reducer to the Y - fitting , as shown below .
Measure from the inside lip of the trap to the tailpiece , then add 1 in .
Glue the slip - nut hub onto the vertical pipe .
Dry - fit the trap , and eyeball the alignment to the cleanout .
Measure from the coupling to the trap , and add 1 1 / 4 in . for the horizontal pipe section .
Glue the 90° turndown to the horizontal pipe .
Dry - fit the trap .
Measure the coupling .
Glue the trap and cleanout in place
Step 4 : Level the vertical PVC pipe by loosening the slip nut .
Retighten the slip nut , and glue the trap to the vertical and horizontal pipe sections .
New glue especially will want to push the joint apart before it is set , so hold it for an extra 10 seconds .
Step 5 : Complete the cleanout .
Take the threaded plug out of the cleanout , and glue the cleanout to the Y - fitting .
I wrap the cleanout ’s cap threads with Teflon tape , then add some pipe dope on the threads as an extra precaution .
After the glue is good and dry , tighten the plug to a snug fit with a wrench or adjustable pliers .
Photos by : John Ross , except where noted ; drawing by : Chuck Lockhart
Sign up for eletters today and get the latest how - to from Fine Homebuilding , plus special offers .
Sign Up
— A group of Durham residents taking aim at speeders with the threat of a paintball gun said Tuesday that they are " amazed and gratified at the reaction . "
The group , Angry Neighbors With Paintball Guns , posted signs at strategic locations throughout the city , warning motorists to slow down or risk being shot at with a paintball gun .
The group does not say if the signs are meant to serve only as an attention - grabber or if it plans to shoot paintballs at vehicles .
" We received top story coverage on local television news , more than half a dozen requests for interviews from local media outlets , and generated hundreds of comments on blogs , media Web sites and Facebook , " according to an e-mail from a group member , who declined to release his or her name .
" We received numerous requests from individuals who wish to receive their own copies of our sign .
We inspired the creation of a Facebook group .
We clearly touched a nerve in the city of Durham . "
The group says it is disappointed that the city has stopped funding its PACE Car program , which was designed to help prevent speeding .
Kammie Michael , a Durham police spokeswoman , said budget and staffing constraints forced the dissolution of the program .
" It is very disheartening to read that the city has neither the time nor the money to continue this program .
Over 1,500 citizens signed up to participate in the 18 months the program was operational .
Bring it back .
Tell us how much money you need .
We 'll raise it , " the group member wrote in Tuesday 's e-mail .
The police department has increased patrols in the area recently , Michael said and residents have complimented the police department on its response .
" The Durham Police Department enforces traffic laws , and we plan to continue to be responsive to traffic concerns from residents throughout the city , " she said .
Michael said it is a crime to shoot a paintball at a vehicle and that the signs could be a distraction for some drivers and make the problem worse .
READER COMMENTS ON
" SIBEL EDMONDS : Announcing ' Project Expose MSM ' "
( 33 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... karen from illinois said on 5/27/2009 @ 8:05 am PT ...
last thursday rachel reported that gonzoles was the person the cia called to get permission to torture an " enemy combatent " , gonzoles was only the presidents council at the time , the reporter had phone records and everything and yet even after proving that 6 times a day in 1 month a flunky lawyer gave permission to torture , no follow up in the msm ( or at least non i have read )
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... William R. said on 5/27/2009 @ 8:25 am PT ...
Thanks always to the brave Ms. Edmonds , and to BradBlog too .
I do n't have any disclosures to make , or any big answers .
But I am becoming increasingly convinced , as are many others , that one major reason for warrantless wiretapping ( and the secrecy involved ) is in order to not only find out what journalists and congresspersons are doing and who they 're talking to , but to find info to blackmail , extort , and threaten them .
What else could be the reason for the timidity of the likes of Conyers , Leahy , Pelosi , et al .?
( aside from the fact that many Dems are part of the problem ... )
I also suspect that the best hope is to create a news network on TV -- like it or not , that 's where most people find information , and where the most damage / brainwashing is being done .
Who would fund that ?
And keep in mind that , if you have an instantaneous reaction to sneer " conspiracy theorist , " it 's your reaction that is conditioned , not my questioning of accepted boundaries of discourse .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/27/2009 @ 10:25 am PT ...
The could be one of the most important moves ( hopefully movement ) in history .
I suggest folks familiarize with the fcc.gov if your serious about this .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Gus Wynn said on 5/27/2009 @ 11:27 am PT ...
While I applaud this effort , I think we have to acknowledge that many reporters in the media , publishing , entertainment and even the corporate world have their hands tied by NON - DISCLOSURE AGREEMENTS .
This means that reporters or correspondents must obey their bosses and lay off a story when told , for fear or losing their job , lawsuits or other recrimination .
Yesterday I spoke with a senior editor at a major national magazine who told me it's not only the norm in the industry , you simply will not be hired without one , adding that he himself was bound by NDAs he 'd signed decades ago when he worked for a major gossip tabloid till the year 2040 .
This is no small issue .
Just look at the Dan Rather / CBS - Viacom lawsuit where Rather sought to expose illicit White House interference in the network coverage of the Texas Air Guard story .
Rather also seeks to expose CBS for knowingly sitting on the Abu Ghraib story , testing the limits of his non-disclosure agreement as it pertains to knowledge of lawbreaking ...
So I think there should be a distinction made between reporters and journalists under contract and the corporate execs muzzling them .
More at http://bit.ly/DvYY
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Captain Lionel Mandrake said on 5/27/2009 @ 12:08 pm PT ...
" Media Matters " does this same thing quite well — with very little result so far as I have ever been able to see beyond being informative .
Too bad .
The MSM enrages me with their bland vanity , and and I believe they should , somehow , be held to account .
I have turned to the alternative media , what there is of it , for my news ...
Since " Media Matters " does this very thing , get in touch with them ; they have lots of readers ...
What otherwise can we do ?
Let 's get " CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM " rolling so that we can own our legislators and so force them to pass the legislation we need ( health care , reducing the size of the Military - Industrial - Media - Security Complex , etc. etc . )
Also , then we can hold accountable those who have turned against democracy , including the MSM .
I believe campaign finance reform is the first priority .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 5/27/2009 @ 12:40 pm PT ...
Greetings , one thing I 've noticed is the fact that major stories are not picked up by MSM .
An example I 'd like to give at the moment is Matthew Alexander , the senior military interrogator for the task force that tracked down Al Qaeda - in - Iraq leader Abu Musab al - Zarqawi .
His personal knowledge of the consequences of the use of torture are in direct opposition to what Dick Cheney has been plastering over the MSM of late .
Major Matthew Alexander has " standing " on this subject unlike Mr Cheney , Major Matthew Alexander was a U.S. military interrogator for 14 years and recieved a Bronze Star for leading the team that got the information that led to the capture of Abu Musab al - Zarqawi without using torture .
Please see his interview here if you have n't already seen it .
From this site Brave New Films
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... karen from illinois said on 5/27/2009 @ 1:19 pm PT ...
MADDOW : Ali Soufan testifying about those contractors in the Senate last week .
The CIA contractor who wanted to use those methods - Soufan said they included forced nudity , sleep deprivation , loud noise , extreme temperatures .
The contractor who wanted to use these techniques had to keep requesting authorization to use them .
And we know that the contractor got that authorization because those techniques were , in fact , used against Abu Zubaydah .
They got that authorization to use nudity and sleep deprivation and loud noises and extreme temperatures - they got that authorization months before the Justice Department ever wrote up the torture memos .
So who gave them that authorization ?
And on what grounds ?
That is the new revelation .
NPR ‘s Ari Shapiro reporting on the basis of a source with knowledge of Zubaydah ‘s interrogation that , quote , “ Nearly every day , contractor James Mitchell would sit at his computer and write a top - secret cable to the CIA ‘s counterterrorism center .
Each day , Mitchell would request permission to use enhanced interrogation techniques on Zubaydah .
The source says the CIA would then forward the request to the White House where White House counsel Alberto Gonzales would sign off on the technique . ”
Bombshell .
If this is true , if Alberto Gonzales was personally signing off on enhanced interrogation techniques on his own , then the whole idea that there was a legal framework that made these techniques legally OK is sort of a joke .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 5/27/2009 @ 2:37 pm PT ...
# 2 William R , I will have to quote Big Dan here .
He used to announce forcefully and often " The REAL NEWS ... ONLY ON DISH LINK TV & FSTV CHANNELS 9410 & 9415 !!!
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... huh ? said on 5/27/2009 @ 2:46 pm PT ...
Did everyone just walk off the stupid boat ?
What are you talking about when you say MSM ?
MSM is owned , financed , controlled , staffed , organized , headed , directed , promoted , trained , and ordered by the top US military contractors .
Ex ....GE owns NBC , Group W owns CBS .
Do you think the MCOM's , military corporation owned media , are going to do anything that would jeopardize a single dime of profit ?
Do you think they will ever allow a candidate that hates the military or war ?
The MCOM's have their criminal hands in everything the criminal government does .
There is a constant revolving door between military , MCOM's , and government .
They 're one in same .
Who brought you the video of planes crashing on 9 - 11 ?
The military owned media .
Who has made over ONE TRILLION dollars in the extended crimes , bailouts , and war from 9 - 11 ?
GE for one .
They got $ 250 Billion just is TARP payments .
$ 300 Billion in no -bid reconstruction contracts .
$ 250 Billion in increased military spending .
GE was the company that underwrote the “ terrorism insurance ” on the WTC ’s just 6 weeks before 9 - 11 … a first on US soil .
It is now estimated that GE money laundered $ 200 Billion from “ separation scams ” committed after 9 - 11 .
The US is the only dictatorship where the media is owned and profited by the military contractors .
At least in China , Cuba , and Russia it is " state run " .
The US media has the largest MCOM's in the world .
They are the only ones that profit directly from war ... which only they get to show you through their vetted images .
My point ….. stop saying mainstream media .
And stop thinking they will ever police themselves or change their behavior to ever make sense .
Once the world realizes that there were no commercial planes on 9 - 11 , that the entire war on terror was based on a murderous colluded lie , and that the MCOM ’s themselves covered , profited from , and fabricated the entire crime …. new laws must be passed that say military can never again own US media .
Until then … get ready for more 9-11’s !!
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... lottakatz said on 5/27/2009 @ 2:54 pm PT ...
Thank you for your project to document the collaboration of the MSM with the government ( and / or ) special interests to stifle dissent and withhold information from the public .
This is a crucial and facilitating aspect of the lawlessness our government has visited on the country in the last decade and needs to be documented .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Adam said on 5/27/2009 @ 3:01 pm PT ...
As long as progressive activists are playing " gatekeeper " on each other , nothing is going to move forward .
Progressive activists are easily manipulated to snipe at each other .
Chomsky says 9/11 truth activists have " such low credibility " and JFK assassination researchers " taking energy away from serious matters . "
Daily Kos bans voting rights activists as " conspiracy theories . "
When we stop sniping at each other about what 's is a serious issues and what is n't , we 'll all have a lot more energy to move forward .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... keith said on 5/27/2009 @ 3:11 pm PT ...
Ive watched your circumstances for years Ms Edmonds .
Ive always had your back and this will be no exception .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 5/27/2009 @ 4:42 pm PT ...
Thank you Sibel !
I have been involved and following Architect San Fran Architect Richard Gage and Former BYU Physics Professor Steven Jones who have risked their lives to stop another 9 - 11 attack or worse .
Steven Jones lost his position for publishing a peer reviewed paper proving the use high tech military thermate .
They have been putting on presentations evidencing how the the 3 World Trade Towers were bombed to the ground .
They are asking for a new independent investigation because these people have gotten away with murder .
You can contact them and find out more about their work where accredited architects and engineers can sign a a petition at www.ae911truth.org.
Their work has been completely ignored by the US mass media and in fact never played the 6.5 - second collapse of WTC Building Seven after the 1st day .
UPDATE : On the other coast , a NY petition has been started asking for a new independent investigation .
These people are in a race to produce enough signatures to get it on the next NY ballot .
On a personal note , I have been working on the completion of a music CD with a 15 interview with Richard after the last song .
Thank you , J. Locker
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... kjadud said on 5/27/2009 @ 5:09 pm PT ...
I love your bravery Sibel and have so much respect for you .
Please stay off of any small aircraft .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... blubonnet said on 5/27/2009 @ 8:18 pm PT ...
Applause for the beautiful and bright Sibel Edmonds .
I think everyone should watch , and then post the suggestion to watch Orwell Rolls in His Grave all around the internet .
Go to Google video , and there are multiple parts .
That documentary movie lays it out better than anything else I 've seen .
It was warned from Eisenhower , a Republican , for God 's sake , who said " Beware the influence of the military industrial complex " and here we have them owning the media .
How influential is that ?
Oddly though , GE , with MSNBC also has Keith Olbermann , and Rachael Maddow , and Ed Schultze , who are the most Liberal out there , so that makes it hard to argue that GE is Conservative .
Of course , with the population wising up more and more by way of the internet , the great majority , leaning Left , they have no choice , but to report in that attitude , and it makes it profitable .
I agree though , that despite those three , the real stories , like for example the nano - thermite found in mass at GroundZero , and the hundreds having witnessed explosions far beyond the planes hitting , are untouchable stories by MSM .
If " journalists " speak of such things , derisive comments and guffaws follow , despite the massive evidence .
Also , Direct TV Sattelite also has LINK TV on channel 375 , oddly that is owned by Rupert Murdoch .
Most people do n't know about those channels though .
It 's intentional of course .
Thank you , again , Sibel .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Coleen Rowley said on 5/27/2009 @ 9:33 pm PT ...
This is a good idea if only for history 's sake .
I 've got a story involving " 60 Minutes " which I 'll get down and out this way .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/27/2009 @ 10:11 pm PT ...
Thanks , Coleen . 60 Minutes .
Do n't get me started ... yeesh ...
Looking for to it .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Dan Hanley said on 5/27/2009 @ 11:25 pm PT ...
Ms Edmonds ,
Thank you so very much for your continued courage and tenacity in speaking out regarding the suppression of real newsworthy stories by the corporate - owned and controlled mainstream media .
By virtue of the fact that the mainstream print media is vaporizing into oblivion gives proof that it has given way the power of information interchange in the virtual world of the internet .
God Bless and Protect You !
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Roland Carnaby , KIA said on 5/27/2009 @ 11:41 pm PT ...
Invewstigate what happened to Gary Webb .
He was writing a book with another author
about rour years ago .
They were following
the Heroin money ( Bush Money , that is .
Apparently , the Bush Crime Syndicate did n't
dig what they were writing .
Both were " suicided " , Gary from a double - tap
from a .38 revolver , to the front and side
of his head at the same time .
Follow the Bush money .
Bush 's have been in the
dope smuggling business since 1880 .
Those white , unmarked , " Rendition Planes "
were carrying heroin from Afghanistan all this
time .e
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Walter said on 5/28/2009 @ 12:57 am PT ...
This is awesome .
I would like to point out a site that has been doing this for a while now but mainly for the financial industryAntisocial Media [ed note :
Walter , you just highlight the words you want to turn into a link , then hit the link button , then paste in the link , then post .
Or , you can just paste the url directly into the comment box . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... farang said on 5/28/2009 @ 2:00 am PT ...
Thank you for your dogged pursuit of the criminals in charge , Sibel .
That we had more like you in positions of authority .
I 'd just like to say that Mr. Rohter , in my opinion , exposes himself by using the same old tired buzz words , instead of solid examples , to weakly attempt to " refute " the allegations .
These would be , from his reply :
" old and discredited implied accusation " " The conspiracy brigade " " paranoid rant " " individual grievances "
Please DO allow him to give a complete response to the article .
Please DO allow him to insert foot into mouth , again .
It is the perfect example of what you are trying to expose .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... justice4all ! said on 5/28/2009 @ 4:11 am PT ...
Here is a HUGE story about a Big Tobacco / Big Insurance Whistleblower that has been brutally suppressed in the U.S. after it was made available to every news outlet in the country !
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Carl Lindsey said on 5/28/2009 @ 7:12 am PT ...
Imagine a media with 10,000 Woodward and Bernstein type reporters .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Response to Comment # 13 said on 5/28/2009 @ 8:01 am PT ...
Response to # 13 : As long as Jones and Gage continue to demand that you believe there were commercial planes on 9/11 ... their lives will NOT be in jeopardy .
Of course the buildings were brought down by thermite ..... THERE WERE NO COMMERCIAL PLANES ON 9/11 !!!!
A " new investigation ' will produce nothing .
Why ?
There is no debris from 9/11 .
The building debris was taken to a smelting plant purchased by CDI just one year earlier , and located just one hour outside NYC .
CDI was the same company that was paid $ 35 Billion dollars to clean up ground zero .
The same company that wrote the NIST report saying there were no explosives .
The same company that did the " reinforcement work " at the exact wall of the Pentagon where the " plane " hit on 9/11 .
The same company that was responsible for destroying and protecting the debris from the OKCity Bombing in 1995 .
The same company that was seen in and around the WTC's for 2 weeks prior to 9/11 .. they even gave NPR interviews .
This same demolition company , CDI , was inside WTC's 1 and 2 on Sat. Sept 8th and Sun. Sept 9th 2001 during the first ever " powerdown " of the exact floors where the " planes " hit on 9/11 .
( Powerdowns are essential when capping detonation charges )
There is NO airliner debris from 9/11 .
There is nothing to test and verify .
Your investigation into the fact that there were 4 commercial planes that crashed on 9/11 ends in the first second .
There is no evidence to verify the airliners !!
Videos , film , photos , and eyewitnesses have NEVER in aviation crash history verified a plane crash .
ONLY WRECKAGE DOES .
To this day not one single piece of airliner debris from any of the 4 planes has ever been tested , inspected , analyzed , or verified in any way .
A new investigation is irrelevant .
There were no commercial planes on 9/11 .
The war on terror and everything from it …. is based on a murderous fabricated lie .
Again …..
{ED NOTE : Sir , you have commented in thread after thread , with the same material , very often completely off - topic , and with a different user name each time .
Please see the very few rules required for commenting here at BRAD BLOG , which you continue to ignore .
Please consider this a gentle warning .
Pick a name , stick to it .
Stay on topic .
Do n't repeat the same comments over and over again .
If you can't respect those rules , you wo n't be able to comment here at all .
Thanks .
- BF}
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... TheHolyCrow said on 5/28/2009 @ 10:52 am PT ...
Tick tock , tick tock , tick tock
There is no statute of limitations
on the mass murder
In history , or on the clock
tick tock , tick tock , tick tock
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 5/28/2009 @ 5:08 pm PT ...
Comment 25 : You have looked into this issue .
I do not wish to get into a point counterpoint here because I agree with you about the lack of plane wreckage evidence .
The burn mark in PA was not a jet crash site because the luggage , engines , wings , etc were not present .
The 16 foot hole at the Pentagon that was struck by a 3 story jet in the official story and all video was of course confiscated .
If you go to architects and engineers for 9 - 11 truth www.ae911truth.org, you would understand that they are calling for a new investigation of the 3 World Trade Tower demolitions based on different levels of evidence .
The way the steel concrete structure fell at near free fall speed with EVERYTHING being completely turned into plumes of smoke and objects no larger than 2 inches with the exception of strune steel at the base .
What mechanism can do this ?
Where is the 100 stories of concrete ?
Thermate or cutter charge residues were discovered on the steel .
Molten steel that was running like rivers out of all 3 towers melts at 3 - 4 thousand degrees F. Regular fire or hydrocarbon jet fuel burns at 1200 - 1300 K thus could not melt the steel .
Lastly , WTT 1 and 2 were non-traditional controlled demolitions .
If you watch the video of the 10 second collapse you can see them explode through their roofs like volcanoes .
Steel was hurled into adjacent structures impaling themselved and bone fragments were found on the roof of the Deutch Building 500 feet away .
In order for a building to come down into it 's footprint , all the columns need to be taken out and you can see squibs or mistimed explosions when you watch the videos .
If fire that did n't burn hot enough or long enough melted the steel beams to fatigue it , it would have caused the building to bend or tipe over in a way that did not occur .
Building # 7 was a 47 story building not hit by a plane .
It fell 7 hours after the others standard controlled demolition .
The lying murderous Bush administration and his New World Odor friends need to go down .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Kevin Knox said on 5/29/2009 @ 11:18 am PT ...
Corporate Oligarchy replaced Democracy years ago because of sellout legislators who got away with it because the MSM is also owned by the Oligarchs who censor , monitor , and control everything going out to practically all media to help keep them in power .
If , thru Ms. Edmonds project , we can expose these sellouts who are supppose to be doing the people 's work not corporations anyway , and we 're allowed to vote in legislators with integrity , then and only then will we have a chance to get our Country back .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Patrick Henry said on 5/29/2009 @ 11:50 am PT ...
The only real Freedom left in America is Freedom to consume .
You voted the shllls owned by the corporate vipers into public office - YOU DID .
Yuo know in your guts that the military industrial comiplex ordered the public execution of JFK and his brother , and JFk's own son ,
as a warning to anyone who might try to bring
back any semplace of Freedom in the USA .
It 's time for hard core regime change - not limp wristed , whiy ' tea parties ' .
Remember the 2nd QAmendment is sascred , if you have any hope of saving the 1st Amendment , and any of the rest of your mandated Rights that limit the power of government .
WAKE UP PEOPLE !!!
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... doomdaily said on 5/31/2009 @ 2:45 pm PT ...
DoomDaily.com covers this kind of stuff .
get them to put up a banner for you
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... NoOneYouKnow said on 5/31/2009 @ 5:12 pm PT ...
Thank you , Sibel .
If the Medal of Freedom was still an honorable award , you would be most deserving of it .
I 'd also like to know if you 've had any contact with the Obama administration about lifting the gag order you 're under .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... NoOneYouKnow said on 5/31/2009 @ 5:16 pm PT ...
Forgot to mention :
Does anyone else think that Larry Rohter and Steven Strasser might be part of the CIA 's " Mighty Wurlitzer " - - its program to control the US media by placing its agents in various media outlets ?
Certainly , Mr. Rohter 's impotent , fact - free response to the charges against him suggests he was not acting as a journalist in regard to the events in Bolivia .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... StanTheMan said on 6/3/2009 @ 2:59 pm PT ...
Just a quick comment to the editors of Brad Blog .
Hopefully this will not get me banned or blacklisted for writing this ... but here goes .
This article is about MSM blacking - out media that for whatever reason it did not like , banned , or edited however it wished any information it wanted .
There is a previous post in this comment section that says you will ban them if they continue to say something ... for whatever reason .
I 'm sure your reasons are just as valid as the MSM for deleting and banning Ms. Edmonds .
You are doing to your posters the exact same thing that the MSM and government are doing to Ms. Edmonds ..... you have your laws , codes , rules , and regulations of information dissemination just like the MSM itself .
Its all a form of censorship .
My comment is ..... alternative media sources like Brad Blog are NO DIFFERENT than any other media that wants to blackout , ban , censor , or delete however it wishes .
For the threat of being off topic ..... its an article about information that is being banned !!!
How much more irony can we fit into this thread ?!
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/3/2009 @ 3:35 pm PT ...
Breaking News : GNU / Hurd 1.0 Released !
Fake News written by James Baughn on
from the miracles - do - happen dept .
HURDLAND , MISSOURI --
In what some are calling the most shocking development since the invention of fire , Richard M. Stallman today unveiled the first official release of the GNU Project 's operating system kernel , GNU / Hurd 1.0.0 .
How was GNU able to produce the new operating system so quickly ?
Simple .
They used GNU Emacs as the base .
" We were going to develop our own microkernal - based system from scratch , " RMS explained .
" Based on development trends , however , we calculated that such a project would n't be completed until 2014 , or roughly two years after the projected release date of Windows Vista .
So we decided to switch gears and do something we should have done a long time ago : build our operating system on top of Emacs . "
Emacs provided everything that the GNU operating system needed : a text editor , Lisp programming language , and even a kitchen sink .
" It was such an elegant solution .
We added a few hundred lines of code to Emacs over the weekend and suddenly we had a full - fledged OS kernel , " RMS boasted .
With the GNU / Emacs / Hurd kernel finished , RMS hopes to quickly combine all of the various GNU projects into one OS distribution called -- well , we 're not sure what it 's going to be called , except that RMS promises the name will feature " multilevel acronyms with so many levels of recursion and self - referentialism that nobody will be able to comprehend it . "
The Hurd announcement has caught the entire Internet by surprise .
The so - called editors at Slashdot were so overwhelmed by the story that they posted ten duplicates , a new record .
Meanwhile , the Usenet group alt.gnu.hurd.vapor.vapor.vapor was hit with several thousand posts within the first hour , causing both of the Internet 's remaining Usenet servers to crash hard .
" I never thought I 'd live to see the day , " exclaimed a veteran Unix hacker .
" The Hurd in my lifetime !
RMS has pulled off the impossible ! "
Not everybody is ecstatic about the news .
" Dammit , I just lost a thousand dollars ! " lamented one poor schmuck who placed a bet with a friend that Windows Vista would be released before Hurd .
" First Apple switches to Intel chips , and now this .
I can't win ! "
