Juneau , AK —
Today , the Bush administration took its third swipe in recent weeks at opening protected areas in America 's national forests to logging before it leaves office .
A Bush plan announced today puts a " for sale " sign on trees in vast swaths of the nation 's largest national forest -- the Tongass rainforest in Alaska .
This move by Bush officials to reverse roadless area protections joins two others made recently in the national forests located in Idaho and Colorado .
" The few remaining roadless areas of our national forests are some of the only safe harbors for America 's wildlife .
As global warming threatens to dramatically change the landscape we must have the foresight to preserve these last remaining pristine forests for future generations , " said Mary Beth Beetham at Defenders of Wildlife .
" It 's folly for the Bush administration , in its last few months , to work to destroy these areas . "
The Bush administration 's just - released management plan for the Tongass National Forest will raise no revenue for the U.S. government , as the U.S. taxpayers themselves will have to pay to build the roads the timber companies need to access the forest .
The Tongass is the largest national forest in the country .
" With so much of our forest heritage already lost , every roadless acre counts .
The spectacular roadless areas in Alaska deserve as much protection as those in every other state , " said Larry Edwards with Greenpeace in Sitka , Alaska .
Today 's decision is part of the Bush administration 's rapidly materializing last - ditch assault on public lands in general and roadless areas in particular .
" The Roadless Rule and the courts have sheltered many of the last , best places in our national forests , even during an administration hostile to forest protection .
Now , with one foot out the door , Bush officials are looking for whatever way they can to give away the family silver , " said Franz Matzner at the Natural Resources Defense Council .
Tongass logging fell dramatically in the 1990s , and for years now has existed at levels that do n't require slicing roads and clearcuts into virgin old - growth forests , as the Forest Service itself has acknowledged .
" The new plan suffers from the same central problem as the old plan .
It leaves 2.4 million acres of wild , roadless backcountry areas open to clear cutting and new logging roads , " said Earthjustice attorney Tom Waldo .
" The Tongass is worth a whole lot more to the American people as a standing forest than it is as a sea of stumps and logs . "
" Today , " said Caitlin Hills with American Lands Alliance , " the federal government , in defiance of the facts and the strongly expressed sentiments of the American people to protect all roadless areas , has answered ' fire up the chainsaws . ' "
" The Tongass is the crown jewel of our nation 's roadless wildlands , " said Trish Rolfe at Alaska Sierra Club .
" Wild salmon , bears , eagles , and wolves thrive there among moss - draped ancient trees , along crystalline fjords and untamed rivers .
It has nine million acres of roadless areas that lack permanent protection .
The Bush administration has just put some of the best of them on the chopping block . "
In 2003 , the Bush administration began to exempt the Tongass from the Roadless Rule , but was unable to proceed with new timber sales in roadless areas due to critical defects in the forest plan .
Today 's plan was supposed to correct those defects , but still reopens pristine areas to logging and road construction .
Because other state - specific exemptions are as yet only plans , the Tongass is the only national forest where such logging would even arguably be allowed .
" All over the Tongass there are roadless wildlands that local people and visitors hold dear , jeopardized by this new plan , " said Gregory Vickrey with Tongass Conservation Society .
" These are special places critical to the region 's incredible fish , deer and other wildlife , world - famous recreational opportunities , cherished subsistence practices , and the businesses and jobs that depend on the region 's natural treasures .
These are the very things that make Southeast Alaskans most want to live here . "
The land management plan released today was ordered more than two years ago by a federal court which concluded that the old plan justifying opening Tongass wildlands for development was invalid due to several factors , including a gross overestimation of demand for Tongass logs .
Congress has also expressed concern with Tongass wilderness logging .
The House of Representative has voted three times to stop taxpayer dollars from funding new logging roads there .
" The Forest Service is losing money hand over fist on roads that Americans do n't even want , " said Christy Goldfuss of Environment America .
Editor 's Note : Doug Glanville was an outfielder who played in the major leagues from 1996 to 2004 with the Cubs , Phillies and Rangers .
In the wake of the release of last week 's Mitchell report , I thought it was a good time to vent .
Not so much for me , but for the game of baseball and the challenges it brings to light in our society .
Let 's face it .
It hurts to see our national pastime ripped apart by allegations and scandals .
I am seeing former teammates and opponents go under the HGH / steroid crosshairs , and it makes me wonder what else was happening in the 15 seasons I was part of the game .
So what is going on ?
I do n't believe it is simply a baseball problem as we confront questions , not just about drugs , but about privacy and confidentiality .
Our culture has a greater degree of comfort with less privacy in the wake of the horror of 9/11 .
We are much more understanding about trading some level of freedom for the protections this country can provide .
Kids of the MySpace / YouTube generation have few qualms about their lives being open to whoever has an Internet connection .
As history is being written , it is sad to think that my career may be framed in what has become known as the " steroid era . "
It would have been a lot more fun to tell old stories about playing in the " golden era " of baseball .
So part of my reaction to the Mitchell report was concern for a society that can revel in calling out names so casually .
After all , I spent a lot of time as the union representative of the Philadelphia Phillies , and we rallied behind principles expressing that material trappings are meaningless without rights and freedoms .
Especially when it always seemed our society was less concerned about protecting a player 's privacy and his employment rights because of his material and ephemeral entities , such as paychecks and fame .
Therefore , as a player , you can become almost obsessed with your privacy .
Sometimes , the reality of where and how to emphasize it gets confusing .
That sentiment probably contributed to the slow evolution of baseball 's drug policy .
Although when it comes to what issues are at stake , it is important to handle them with care .
Nevertheless , I also have another angle for us to consider .
As history is being written , it is sad to think that my career may be framed in what has become known as the " steroid era . "
It would have been a lot more fun to tell old stories about playing in the " golden era " of baseball .
Instead , many people will think of syringes , 400 - page reports , and investigators crawling in BALCO 's dumpsters .
In every circle of our society , everyone is facing the internal struggle of assessing what one is willing to do to excel .
It does n't matter if you are contemplating Botox as a Hollywood actor , or an HGH regimen for better performance as an athlete .
In various forms , we all come to these kinds of forks in the road .
I am proud that , at 175 pounds soaking wet , I played my entire 15 - season professional career drug free , even in an environment where the competition was relentless , the insecurity was palpable , the stakes were astronomical , the home run was king , and most importantly , the window was small .
I also came to the realization that had I made a different choice , someone probably would have understood .
But it really is n't about this " someone , " especially since this mysterious " someone " will not be there when I face the consequences of my decisions .
" Just Saying No " has always been an important part of my life , but when I really look at it , I never found my drug - free choice to be difficult .
I had already decided , from the day I was drafted in 1991 , that whatever was going to happen in my career was going to happen without performance - enhancing drugs .
Nevertheless , I always try to understand everyone 's circumstance .
I ask myself the question : Would I have made the same choice if I were supporting a family that depended on my career to survive as my skills were leveling off at Triple - A ?
I would like to think my answer would have been yes , but I can recognize that when faced with survival , people are capable of anything , not just for reasons of greed , fear , ego and self - doubt .
I can also recognize that I was fortunate to have the powerful option to use an Ivy League degree from the University of Pennsylvania and make a new life after baseball .
That backup plan probably changed how much I was willing to give up to " survive . "
Especially since in the end , no matter how many adjustments you make , no matter how much of your soul is compromised , the mighty foot kicks you out the door , and declares you expired .
Everyone has drawn different lines as to how far they will go to dodge the big boot .
But eventually , it will step on you .
It is inevitable .
When I look back at my career , it is fulfilling to know that every day , whatever happened , I knew I came to bat with what I had in its purest form .
If I beat Randy Johnson that day , I could stand tall because I came with the truth .
And if he beat me , so be it ; it was his day .
I felt that I could always go back to the drawing board , make my adjustments from listening to my body , spirit , and mind , in full confidence that their signals to me were authentic .
I could n't imagine going day in and day out wondering if it was my work , or the work of a little blue pill that led the charge .
It just seemed like a drug - filled career led to a career and soul in constant doubt .
When playing at the highest level of competition , there is already enough doubt to go around .
Even in this big - money era of the potential asterisk , no amount of fame , perceived power , legal representation or money exempts anyone from the experiences of life and having to face them and make choices .
You can not buy your way to better coping skills , nor enhance and engineer your way to resolve your fears or darkest inadequacies .
At least not in any way that is sustainable .
Artificial enhancement is every bit as much about fear , as it is about wanting to be the best every day , every year .
Despite the idea that these athletes are invincible rocks of courage and heroism , they are riddled with the same concerns and insecurities as everyone else who is trying to excel , do right , represent his family or country , or just plain survive .
These concerns belong to the family of fears that drives people to stay young with wonder surgeries or augment performance using Viagra without any medical reason to do so .
Ours is a society of magic implants , and certainly , people just do n't feel there is time to waste or time to reflect , since deadlines and competition are always gaining on us .
Whatever it is we need , we need it now , and as long as we continue to support this all - or - nothing concept of success , no testing program in the world will every truly address the core issue .
We need a cultural shift .
Without it , there will always linger this constant anxiety that maybe what we have gained from life 's experiences , what our faith gives us , or what we were genetically predisposed to do is not sufficient for us to do what we need to do .
Certainly not at a level that we think or , more prominently , someone else thinks is necessary for it to be done .
That maybe , just maybe , we do n't have enough " as is . "
Artificial enhancement is every bit as much about fear , as it is about wanting to be the best every day , every year .
The physical effects of this enhanced shortcut may pale in comparison to the spiritual impact on a society that does n't want to experience setbacks , does n't want to age , does n't want to cope with weaknesses , and does n't want to ever deal with diminishing skills .
We end up missing out on the fact that even when we lose something , in one respect , we gain something else .
But when " failure " is becoming unacceptable in the giant pressure cooker , it should n't be surprising that some people end up doing whatever it takes to avoid those situations , to avoid being human , and I wonder if we all have some responsibility in why that came to be .
By no means is that giving anyone a free pass .
Many people make a " clean " choice when faced with similar options , and I hope these players get their due .
For me , it was frustrating to know that eventually the power game would pass me over and that I would be at a disadvantage as a singles hitter with a good glove .
More frustrating is the realization that my shorthandedness was accelerated artificially .
But my frustration did n't cloud my ability to look at the issues and be objective , and I certainly know that my career wound down for many other reasons than what " everyone else " was supposedly doing .
People make choices and , for all of us , there are always events that transpire because of those very choices .
And what can unfold is guided by an engine that is a lot bigger than us .
I do n't think it is my place to be anyone 's judge .
I just try to walk with humility within my journey and make the best choices I can with the information at hand .
I accept that we can fool many audiences , we may even be able to fool ourselves , but there is something internal , profound and spiritual that is impossible to fool that lives within all of us .
And there is nothing tougher than being forced to take a good hard look in the mirror that reflects back unrelenting truth .
I suppose , a pretty good career can get lost in the shadow of this emotionally charged issue .
My numbers were n't too shabby .
I managed to play in over 1,000 games in the major leagues , amassing exactly 1,100 hits , sneaking in close to a 300 - game errorless streak to boot .
I also had one of the highest stolen base success rates among my contemporaries .
Cooperstown will not be calling me , but that is OK , it worked out fine .
I played my career in a way that those important and close to me would be proud .
I made it this far on faith that whatever I brought to the table was enough for whatever I was going to face .
And at each fork in the road , I chose to embrace every mountain , every valley of my experience with what gifts and blessings I began with , even if it meant I would make less , play less , and leave the game sooner .
I am just thankful for the opportunity to enjoy the dance of my career and be able to share it with so many people .
When I played , everyone witnessed who I was , whether it was on my good days , my tired days , or on days when my father was chronically ill .
And when all is said and done , that day - to - day , honest performance should be considered success by any standard , and I believe we all will be in a better place when we figure that out .
Doug Glanville serves as the president of GK Alliance , LLC , a home building company of luxury residences in the Chicagoland area .
Doug is also a consultant for new business initiatives with the TeamOne division of The Baseball Factory , which provides full placement and developmental services for high school baseball players .
Possible flu pandemic : US government plans to treat sick people “ like potential enemies ”
By Kevin Mitchell
19 January 2008
The Bush administration ’s emergency plan for a possible flu pandemic involves essentially police - state methods that have nothing to do with effectively combating the illness .
This was the finding of a report released by the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) January 14 that criticized the government ’s preparations for a pandemic .
The study outlined how federal agencies have been adopting an increasingly heavy - handed approach toward what should be considered a public health problem .
The report was presented at the National Press Club in Washington , D.C. followed by a panel discussion with three top experts : George Annas and Wendy K. Mariner of Boston University School of Public Health and Wendy E. Parmet of Northeastern Law School .
Each condemned the government ’s lack of preparedness on this critical health issue and explained how its insistence on treating everyone like a potential flu carrier was extremely counterproductive , to say the least .
The panel also discussed the fact that the current policies heavily emphasize the need for coerced vaccinations and military - enforced quarantines .
“ History shows that treating sick people like potential enemies only spurs them to avoid the authorities and exacerbates the spread of disease , ” said Parmet .
In broad terms , the plans concern the ever - greater likelihood that the avian influenza , dubbed the “ bird flu , ” will reach the United States on a scale not seen since the worldwide influenza pandemic of 1918 , which killed an estimated 50 to 100 million people .
The avian flu is a highly pathogenic virus that has already killed tens of millions of birds ; millions more have been slaughtered in an effort to contain the disease .
Although the virus is not easily transferable to humans , at least 216 people have died from the avian flu , according to the World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
Nearly all of the deaths have occurred in Asian countries .
The avian flu is by nature a communicable disease , therefore to stop the spread of the virus by calling for “ individual responsibility ” is absurd .
A rational plan would involve a large - scale collective effort to prepare and coordinate all emergency services possible in the event of such a disaster .
In 2003 , when the province of Ontario in Canada faced a SARS outbreak , the government provided income assistance for people to stay home if they were sick .
The fact that the US government must openly rely upon more draconian measures points to the dilapidated state of the health infrastructure in America .
When the avian flu was first raised as an issue in 2005 , George W. Bush proposed using the military to quarantine infected sections of the country , a violation of the Posse Comitatus
Act which prohibits the armed forces from acting as a police force within the United States , except in cases of “ insurrection . ”
The ACLU report explains that shortly after 9/11 , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) supported a Model State Emergency Health Powers Act , which greatly increased the powers of state governments during a “ public health emergency . ”
Among its many provisions was a proposal authorizing mandatory medical examinations and testing .
Section 504 of the Act would punish those who refused to be vaccinated :
“ Individuals refusing to be vaccinated or treated shall be liable for a misdemeanor .
[ The refusing person ] may be subject to isolation or quarantine ...
An order of the public health authority given to effectuate the purposes of this Section shall be immediately enforceable by any peace officer . ”
Thus , citizens would be treated not as patients but as criminals .
The proposed act also included provisions that would have exempted public health officials and their underlings from prosecution if their vaccine killed the patient .
These provisions were removed after a public outcry , but that did not stop the state of Florida from enacting the measure .
Nor has it stopped the Bush Administration from encouraging state governments to “ update ” their laws to include forced vaccinations , mandatory surveillance , isolation and quarantine .
However , these measures would only tend to increase the general population ’s distrust of the state ’s health system , causing those who were sick and infected to avoid public institutions altogether .
This would only make the threat of a full - blown pandemic that much greater .
The report cited the well - known case of Andrew Speaker , an attorney from Atlanta .
In the spring of 2007 , the CDC diagnosed Speaker with multi-drug resistant tuberculosis ( MDR - TB ) .
He was planning to receive specialized treatment in Denver after his impending honeymoon in Italy .
Health officials recommended that he not travel abroad , but did not forbid his doing so .
While in Italy , the CDC diagnosed Speaker ’s TB as the more dangerous and highly contagious strain ( XDR - TB ) ; at this point he was told to stay in Europe .
He was even placed on the infamous No-fly list , reserved for suspected terrorists , by Homeland Security and left to fend for himself .
Abandoned , Speaker then flew to Canada where he “ illegally ” crossed the border into New York State .
Once he was in America , Speaker turned himself in , and after undergoing treatment it was discovered that he carried the less dangerous MDR - TB after all .
Given the circumstances , Speaker ’s actions were completely understandable , but what if he had carried the more dangerous XDR - TB ?
In that scenario , he would have boarded a transnational flight where dozens more people risked infection .
Therefore , the CDC ’s actions , far from allowing Speaker to receive the help and treatment he needed , increased the likelihood of the disease spreading by treating him like a wanted man and forcing him to evade the authorities .
Nevertheless , the media and the political establishment seized upon this incident as proof that it was far too easy for an “ infected ” person to enter the country and demanded further restrictions on international travel .
The report also cited the case of Robert Daniels , a 27 - year old TB patient who was held in quarantine against his will in Phoenix , Arizona .
In July 2006 , Maricopa County health officials ordered Daniels to wear a face mask in public at all times , even though on occasion he admitted that he did not do so .
Instead of approaching this health risk in a rational manner , such as having him stay in a hospital , health officials turned him over to the sheriff , where he remained in solitary confinement in a jail cell for almost a year .
He was not allowed access to showers or hot water and was kept under constant surveillance .
Eventually ACLU lawyers filed suit protesting the cruel and inhumane treatment he was subjected to .
Upon further examination , doctors discovered that Daniels had a less contagious TB after all .
In the event of an avian flu pandemic , the government agencies responsible for the public ’s health and safety have demonstrated a willingness to use the last - resort options , such as forced vaccinations and military quarantines , as the their first line of defense .
As evidenced by Hurricane Katrina , the government ’s approach leaves thousands of working - class people at the mercy of any disaster .
Current pandemic plans emphasize the need for “ individual responsibility . ”
Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) Secretary Michael Leavitt was reported to have said , “ Communities that fail to prepare , expecting the federal government to come to the rescue , will be tragically mistaken . ”
Such contempt for large numbers of people could mean a potential nightmare scenario for lower - income people , as well as the sick and elderly .
Xenophobia could also rear its ugly head , with calls for tougher immigration enforcement and quarantines directed at disease - carrying “ aliens . ”
This issue has already come into play in the Southwest , where ultra-right nationalists accuse undocumented Mexican nationals of carrying diseases such as tuberculosis into the United States .
The “ Pandemic Influenza Plan ” of the HHS includes containment measures such as , “ bans on large public gatherings , isolation of symptomatic individuals , prophylaxis of the entire community with antiviral drugs , and various forms of movement restrictions — possibly even including a quarantine . ”
Also , the ACLU commented on an October 18 , 2007 presidential directive on “ Public Health and Medical Preparedness . ”
This directive is aimed at coordinating the activities of the Department of Homeland Security with those of the Department of Health and Human Services in an effort to brief non-health officials and state governors on “ the risks to public health posed by relevant threats and catastrophic health events ( including attacks involving weapons of mass destruction ) , ” and “ ensure that full use is made of Department of Defense expertise and resources . ”
The directive also calls for building a national “ biosurveillance ” program , utilizing public health information systems to collect information on unspecified diseases , as well as individual health conditions .
If implemented it would bear strong resemblance to the National Security Agency ’s data - mining procedures , only with medical files instead of phone - tapping .
It would be overseen by the Epidemiologic Surveillance Federal Advisory Committee , established by the Secretary of Health and Human Services , in cooperation with the Secretaries of Defense , Veterans Affairs , and Homeland Security .
The more medical care you receive , the sicker you 'll get .
That 's the stark message in Overtreated : Why Too Much Medicine is Making Us Sicker and Poorer , Shannon Brownlee 's new book .
Brownlee , a senior fellow at the New America Foundation ( and a former senior writer at U.S. News & World Report ) , examined research from around the country on which medical treatments actually make people healthier and what individuals can to do ensure that healthcare does n't kill them .
Most of us think that going to a medical specialist means we get better care .
But you say that 's not the case .
How come ?
People presume that because the specialist knows the most about their particular field , they 'll get better care .
So we all clamor to go to specialists .
But the evidence says the more physicians involved in your care , especially specialists , the more likely the care will be uncoordinated .
This means that the doctors are n't talking to each other .
And even more than that , specialists forget about the really simple stuff , like making sure a patient gets a medication at the right time .
It turns out that the really simple stuff is very important .
Somebody has to take care of the whole patient .
How do things get messed up ?
If you have a heart attack , and you go to a hospital , you see an interventional cardiologist , and you have angioplasty or a stent , this can save your life .
That cardiologist is a highly trained specialist .
To prevent a person from having another heart attack , the single most important thing a doctor can do is to tell the patient to take aspirin or to take a beta blocker .
Yet this is precisely the thing that gets forgotten .
As specialists get better and better at doing the little teeny thing they do , they get worse and worse at taking care of the simple basic stuff .
You leave the hospital without your prescription .
Where do people get good care — not too much or too little , just enough to get them well ?
I had the attitude that managed care is worse healthcare ; I always avoided being part of a managed - care plan if I could .
What surprised me is that when you 're looking for the best - quality healthcare , it's at the Veterans Health Administration and Kaiser Permanente and Group Health of Seattle .
It turns out that managed care , in the sense of coordinated care , is the best .
The VHA outperforms even the best - ranked private - sector hospitals in all 17 of the National Committee for Quality Assurance measures , which include managing blood pressure and testing glycosylated hemoglobin in diabetics , which shows how well they 're maintaining blood sugar .
And a Rand study found that the VHA delivers two thirds of the care recommended by medical professional societies .
That might not sound all that great , until you remember that another Rand study found that doctors outside the VHA deliver on average only about 50 percent of recommended care .
What 's the secret of the VHA and these other successful groups ?
The doctors work together in collaborative groups .
The system monitors the behavior of doctors ; it really keeps track of what they 're doing .
They encourage their physicians to adhere to clinical practice guidelines that have been proven to improve outcomes .
They do n't have that many specialists , generally .
They put a premium on coordination .
But unfortunately they 're in the minority .
How come there are n't more places offering coordinated medical care ?
The managed - care revolution in the 1990s was supposed to bring that about , by making primary - care doctors the gatekeepers .
The system rewarded them financially for not referring to specialists , but it did n't pay enough to make gatekeeping worth their while .
And it did n't get buy - in from patients , who felt they were being denied care from specialists .
It was a disaster , and the sad thing is that it made people hate the phrase " managed care . "
What we really do need is for our care to be managed .
The point is not to deny you care , but to get you the care you do need .
And you say often doctors do n't check to see which treatments have been proven to work best .
For me , that was the monster surprise , how little medical care has any evidence to back it up .
I presumed that 21st - century medicine was scientifically based .
At least half of it , if not more , is not based on science .
High - dose chemotherapy for breast cancer was touted all through the 1990s as a woman 's best chance , and it had very poor evidence to back it up .
And when the double - blind clinical trials were finally done , it turned out it was killing people .
Have you had your own experience with being overtreated ?
I had TMJ , the pain in your jaw .
It all started about the time I started writing this book .
I was told I needed braces and a six - hour surgery that would break my jaw .
I was already in the braces when I thought , gee , I wonder what the evidence is for this .
It turns out they 've been doing this surgery for 20 years , and there 's no evidence that it 's any better than doing nothing .
And then it turns out a lot of things can go wrong , not the least being the danger of anesthesia for six hours .
And it would be $ 20,000 out of my own pocket , and that was just for the surgeon 's fees .
I said the heck with it , and I put two little tiny plastic things on my teeth .
And I try to calm myself down before I go to sleep at night , and to not grind my teeth .
Given this fragmented system , what can I do to make sure I get the best medical care possible ?
I have decided to follow the excellent example of Terence Tao and start up a blog .
For the moment I am too busy to do this properly , because , with the help of June Barrow - Green and Imre Leader , I am editing a book called The Princeton Companion to Mathematics .
However , it is partly for that very reason that I want to set up the blog .
It is somewhat hard to explain what the book is , but if you want to get quite a good idea , there is a substantial ( though out of date ) description of it , with several sample articles available here .
You can get into this site with userid Guest and password PCM .
Comments welcome .
A sufficiently sensible comment could even influence what goes into the book , but I should warn that , because we are at a rather late stage of the editing process , I no longer have much room for manoeuvre .
So I may end up having to say , “ Yes , great point , but unfortunately it ’s too late to do anything about it . ”
Actually , I hope that the PCM blog will really come into its own after the book comes out .
In particular , if you feel that there are unfortunate gaps ( as there undoubtedly will be ) then maybe it will be possible to do something about it online — I might even start up a wiki consisting of PCM supplements .
( The distinction between that and the regular mathematics articles in Wikipedia would be some kind of certification that an article had reached PCM levels of comprehensibility .
I ’d probably be unwilling to put in the sort of editorial efforts I ’ve been putting in over the last few years , but would try to distribute that task by using the blog medium .
If you are reading this , maybe you will have a suggestion about how to go about it — in particular , I do n’t yet know anything about the technicalities of this kind of thing . )
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
It 's easy to dump ire on anlysts for getting it wrong so often .
What those guys do , however , is provide a particular service to particular people .
Interpreting what analysts say in terms of truth or falsity is to forget the real lesson we should take from Prof.
Frankfurt : words build worlds .
That said , here are some of the most awesome flubs to be found in the futures that people have wished for Apple .
Recommended listening while reading this list is " I Want a Hippopotamus for Christmas . "
The iMac Will Fail
" The iMac will only sell to some of the true believers .
The iMac does n't include a floppy disk drive drive for doing file backups or sharing of data .
It 's an astonishing lapse from Jobs , who should have learned better ... the iMac is clean , elegant , floppy - free–and doomed . ”
— Hiawatha Bray in the Boston Globe , 1998 .
Give the Money Back
" I 'd shut it down and give the money back to the shareholders . " —
Michael Dell in October 1997 , as an immediate prelude to a renaissance that would see Apple ultimately eclipse Dell in size .
__Coming Soon : ____Apple 's Subnotebook / Tablet / UMPC /Newton 2 __
" UltraPortable PCs from Apple using Flash memory to be delivered as early as Macworld San Francisco 2007 . " — Benjamin Reitzes in June 2006 .
In Reitzes ' defense , the fellow scried the Mac Mini three months before it appeared .
And here 's Gene Munster with the same thing , just a few days ago .
Someone will eventually get the timing right .
Right ?
__Gamers Will Flock To Macs
__
" Gaming will be an important part of Apple ’s focus on the consumer market .
...
By the end of calendar year 1999 , the Mac platform will have the best gaming machines available to the general consumer . " — the usually - wise Robert Paul Leitlao , in 1998 .
Apple 's Post - iPod Era Decline Proceeds Apace
“ The biggest long - term problem with moving to an Apple platform is that the company is in decline . " — Rob Enderle , in October 2003 .
i Phone , The Bomb of 2007
" The iPhone is nothing more than a luxury bauble that will appeal to a few gadget freaks . " — Matthew Lynn , in Bloomberg after the January announcement .
__
IPhone Revolution To Kill Subsidy Status Quo?__
" Wolf also notes that he expects Apple to sell the phone as an unlocked device through the Apple Stores , allowing people to choose their own carrier . " — Charles Wolf , paraphrased by Barrons ' Eric Savitz in January .
In reality , to quote one AT&T executive , Apple ultimately " bent " for them .
Hewlett Packard iPod To Be a Winner
" The expectation on the iPod is that HP 's version will probably outsell Apple 's version relatively quickly . " — Rob Enderle , quoted in MacObserver in August 2004 .
Sony To Buy Apple
" Within the next two months , Sony will acquire Apple .
...
Sony will be the white knight who will step into the picture . " — former Apple VP Gaston Bastiaens , in January 1996 .
A Range of Click - Wheel iPhones
" Prudential analyst Jesse Tortora said the first and slimmer of Apple 's initial two cell phone models will look like an iPod with a small screen and a click wheel interface . " — Jesse Tortoya , paraphrased by MacRumors .
The Goose is Cooked
" Apple as we know it is cooked .
It 's so classic .
It 's so sad . " — Stan Dolberg of Forrester Research , quoted by the New York Times in 1996 .
See also Fortune 's " By the time you read this story , the quirky cult company … will end its wild ride as an independent enterprise , " from the same year .
Time : " Certainly No Future . "
Microsoft's Nathan Myhrvold could n't even predict the present : " Apple is already dead , " he said after Jobs ' return .
AppleTV's Features and Impact
" Apple 's iTV will include features beyond streaming content and could have an impact on video similar to what the iPod has done for music . " —
Andy Neff of Bear Stearns packs several failed prognostications into one sentence .
Jobs , Shjobs !
" The idea that they 're going to go back to the past to hit a big home run .
. . is delusional " — Dave Winer , quoted by the Financial Times in 1997 .
Self - Mutilation or Sale Is the Only Way Forward
" [ Apple ] seems to have two options .
The first is to break itself up , selling the hardware side .
The second is to sell the company outright . " — The Economist , Feb . 1995
Shut Down The Primary Source Of Revenue
" Admit it .
You 're out of the hardware game , " — Us , in 1997 .
Of course , the rest of Wired 's 101 Ways To Save Apple list is packed with suggestions that turned out to be chillingly accurate !*
( " We ’d all feel better ... if we could get a tower with leopard spots . " ) *
Any others to add ?
Now , do n't go posting the complete works of Rob Enderle , folks .
Bandwidth is n't free .
How he communicated with his controllers is unknown , as is what specifically he gave the Soviets in terms of atomic secrets .
However , it is clear that Moscow mastered the atom very quickly compared with all subsequent nuclear powers .
In the United States under a false name , Dr. Koval initially gathered information about new toxins that might find use in chemical arms .
Then his G.R.U. controllers took a gamble and had him work under his own name .
Dr. Koval was drafted into the Army , and by chance found himself moving toward the bomb project , then in its infancy .
The Army judged him smart and by 1943 sent him for special wartime training at City College in Manhattan .
Considered a Harvard for the poor , it was famous for brilliant students , Communists and , after the war , Julius Rosenberg , who was executed for conspiring to steal atomic secrets for the Soviets .
But Dr. Koval steered clear of all debate on socialism and Russia , Dr. Bloom said .
“ He discussed no politics that I can recall .
Never .
He never talked about the Soviet Union , never ever , not a word . ”
At City College , Dr. Koval and a dozen or so of his Army peers studied electrical engineering .
Dr. Kramish said the Army unit lived in the Hebrew Orphan Asylum , across from City College , adding that Dr. Koval called himself an orphan .
Something else about him stood out , Dr. Kramish said — he was a decade older than his peers , making everybody wonder “ why he was in this program . ”
Meanwhile , the Manhattan Project was suffering severe manpower shortages and asked the Army for technically adept recruits .
In 1944 , Dr. Koval and Dr. Kramish headed to Oak Ridge , where the main job was to make bomb fuel , considered the hardest part of the atomic endeavor .
Dr. Koval gained wide access to the sprawling complex , Dr. Kramish said , because “ he was assigned to health safety ” and drove from building to building making sure no stray radiation harmed workers .
A RELATIVE called the other night to make sure I had heard the good news : Harvard announced that it was now going to be more accessible to the middle class .
I smiled - just as I did when I first read the Harvard pronouncement .
Sure , Harvard was now going to spend a little more money to make sure that admitted students would be burdened with slightly lower tuition bills .
The underlying story , of course , is the university 's effort to make sure that Congress does n't mandate that universities spend 5 percent of their endowment funds every year , as private foundations are required to do .
After the 5 percent issue was raised a few weeks ago before the Senate Finance Committee , alarm bells sounded throughout the academic world .
Senator Chuck Grassley , the top Republican on the committee , said that Congress should consider requiring schools to spend a minimum amount of what their endowments earn .
Failure to do so would bring with it serious consequences : the loss of tax - exempt status on endowment earnings .
Hardly Senator Grassley 's soul mate , Senator Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail challenged the wealthiest schools in the United States to " devote substantially more of their endowment to recruiting more low - income and minority students . "
Could Harvard 's announcement be a preemptive move ?
The numbers tell the real story .
Harvard estimates that it may spend an additional $ 22 million to assist families earning between $ 60,000 and $ 180,000 a year .
Under the plan , families with incomes of $ 120,000 to $ 180,000 will be asked to kick in 10 percent of their income toward tuition .
Given that the yearly cost of Harvard is $ 45,620 , some families will still be paying almost $ 20,000 per year .
Even if the initiative does total $ 22 million , compare this with the figure Harvard could be required to pay if Congress mandated that Harvard and other universities spend 5 percent of their endowment income .
Five percent of $ 35 billion is $ 1.75 billion .
Harvard 's Alumni Affairs and Development Office reported that the university spent 4.3 percent of the endowment in fiscal year 2006 .
The difference between 4.3 percent and 5 percent might not seem significant at first glance , but the savings to Harvard was $ 245 million in one year alone .
Quite a trick .
Spend at best a tiny fraction of the endowment , while reducing growing political pressure in Washington and around the country that could potentially cost the university more than 10 times the additional amount of financial aid .
All this talk about the announcement helps Harvard and other universities sidestep the real questions .
Why does an institution of higher learning have $ 35 billion in its back pocket anyway ?
Why has it become customary for universities to spend only a small fraction of their interest income - and not even the endowment funds themselves - for daily operations ?
Why do American taxpayers continue to subsidize schools that increasingly operate like for - profit companies - and less like tax - exempt educational foundations that are charged with educating the next generation ?
Harvard is not alone .
A few months ago , I received a fascinating solicitation letter from another well - known school .
As an educational consultant , I get mail from close to 1,000 institutions every year - all of which hope that I will share positive attributes of that college with my students and families .
The pitch was eye - opening : Yes , our endowment has doubled in the past 10 years , but we really need your money right now or else we might have no choice but to dip into the $ 1 billion endowment .
So , while bragging about the size of its endowment , the school was simultaneously crying poverty .
Concern about rising college costs has become an issue in the presidential race .
Perhaps the 2008 campaign season can help us start a national dialogue about whether or not universities should play by the same rules as other nonprofit entities .
It is natural that schools would want to squirrel away money for a rainy day .
However , the scope of this squirreling ( Harvard 's endowment grew by $ 5.7 billion last year alone ) - and the arms race that it encourages - is such that it might be time for our elected officials to rein in financial benefits for those institutions that can't manage to spend 5 percent of their tax - exempt wealth .
Steven Roy Goodman is a Washington - based educational consultant and co-author of " College Admissions Together : It Takes a Family . "
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
The 10 most egregious misquotes , blurb whores , and other movie - ad sins of 2007 .
The critic blurb is a staple of arts advertising .
Yet if you look behind some blurbs , you 'll find quotes out of context , quote whores , and other questionable ad practices .
Blurb Racket exposes the truth behind critics blurbs in movie ads from the New York Times .
For the first time , Gelf is unveiling its favorite blurbs of the year .
Each one exemplifies a deceptive practice that is near the top of the blurb writer 's toolbox .
Do n't like a review ?
Rearrange it , or cut out the negativity , or change a word entirely .
Or even better , find a non-critic associated with a reputable publication who raved , and use that .
Movie titles link to metacritic.com , which compiles movie reviews in a far - more honest way than do movie ads .
See the inaugural Blurb Racket column for background and useful links , and find out what critics think of the racket here .
Review Guitar Hero III and Rock Band are totally unavoidable in shopping trips to consumer electronics stores .
As a guitar player for 40 years , I view the in - store demos of the games as primarily exercises in pitiless annoyance .
What could be more embarrassing than people holding plastic toy guitars in public while trying to mime along to classic rock hits played by cartoons on a TV screen ?
I also saw very few women or girls as opposed to young boys lining up for these try - outs .
Was it because they were put off by the excess virtual testosterone , or did they just have more sense than the opposite gender ?
In any case , if you 're a guitarist then you know a good instrument is a fine piece of wood , and just the act of picking it up and settling in with it is a tactile pleasure not easily duplicated by anything else .
What was it with a plastic 3 / 4 size thing with no strings ?
But one can gripe and grump for only so long before curiosity becomes irresistible .
While playing a computer game with attached guitar controller can't possibly be like playing an actual guitar , here are some comparisons after I stood in line to play Guitar Hero III .
No one who plays guitar can transfer their skills to Guitar Hero III or Rock Band .
If you try seriously to do this , you 'll be reduced to tears and / or sputtering impotent rage .
Or you 'll have a laugh , depending on your point of view and composure .
It took only a minute or two for me to make a fool of myself trying to play along to the Dead Kennedys ' Holiday in Cambodia .
The song is easy , but the game does n't really allow for the playing of its guitar controller the way a real guitarist approaches music .
Part of this is locked into the screen cueing which , if you 're old enough , can be likened to a variation on Sing Along with Mitch 's follow - the - bouncing - ball musical TV variety show from the '60s .
Only you use your fingers and the controller 's buttons and picking hand flap to follow along instead of your voice .
Which leads to another interesting point :
In both games , you do n't seem to have to actually hear the music to play it , meaning someone totally tone deaf could be great at both games .
On the other hand , you do have to be able to see the screen , so the idea of being a Blind Lemon Jefferson is out , along with any benefit from being able to intuitively play by ear .
Anyway , to play a guitar requires one to become one with a song .
I could n't do this with Guitar Hero III , not even a bit .
You lag the performance unless you 've played it so many times it 's a hardwired part of your eye - hand - coordinated memory .
HANGING chads .
Ballot stuffing .
Gerrymandering .
Such dirty tricks enfeeble democracy .
But the security of the votes cast in Geneva during Switzerland 's general election on October 21st is guaranteed .
The authorities will use quantum cryptography — a way to transmit information that detects eavesdroppers and errors almost immediately — to ensure not only that votes are kept secret but also that they are all counted .
In quantum cryptography , as in most long - distance data transmission , the information is carried by photons , the particles which compose light and other sorts of electromagnetic radiation .
These particular photons , however , are manipulated in a special way .
The simplest example is when the sender ( whom cryptographers usually call Alice ) dispatches a stream of them to the receiver ( who is known as Bob ) .
These photons will have one of two modes .
In the first , a photon is polarised either vertically or horizontally .
In the second , it is polarised diagonally — plus or minus 45° .
In the first mode , a photon polarised vertically represents a “ 0 ” and one polarised horizontally represents a “ 1 ” .
Similarly , in the second mode polarisation at +45° represents “ 0 ” and at - 45° , “ 1 ” .
Bob 's receiver can be set to only one mode at a time , so if Alice sends him a vertically polarised photon and his equipment is in the first mode , then he will record a “ 0 ” .
If his equipment is in the second mode , he will have an equal chance of recording a “ 0 ” or a “ 1 ” .
After a short time , Alice tells
Bob that the photon she sent should have been measured in mode one ; she does not tell him what value it should have been .
Bob now knows whether he made a correct measurement .
If he did , he keeps the result and tells Alice that they have a match .
If not , he junks it and tells Alice to do likewise — a process that takes a few millionths of a second .
It is at this point that Eve may show up .
Eve is the name that cryptographers give to an eavesdropper .
Should Eve intercept the transmission , the laws of quantum mechanics mean that she cannot read it without altering the photon in some way .
By recording each photon , she actually destroys what she is measuring .
She must therefore generate some new photons and send these to Bob , in the hope that he does n't twig what is going on .
But her equipment , too , must be set to one mode or the other , and she cannot be certain that the polarity of the photon she sends to Bob is correct .
This means that if Eve is involved , when Alice and Bob come to compare their data there will be many more mistakes than would otherwise be expected .
Eve 's presence will thus quickly be revealed and appropriate countermeasures can be taken .
And the system works not only when there is an intelligent eavesdropper on the line , but also when data become corrupted accidentally .
For a truly secure system , the message will be encrypted in a way that requires a mathematical key to unlock it .
In fact , both key and message can be transmitted this way : if the key is sent first , any interception will be detected and the key discarded .
Only when the key has been safely transmitted need the message itself be sent .
This being Switzerland , it is unlikely that anyone will try a bit of electronic ballot - stuffing in this particular election , so it is the anti-accidental - corruption feature that is of most interest to Geneva 's returning officers .
And in truth , this is as much a piece of advertising as a real application .
The firm behind the efforts , ID Quantique , is Swiss .
The other two companies developing quantum cryptography for commercial use , MagiQ and BBN Technologies , are American .
Employing quantum cryptography to transmit the vote from polling stations to central counting house is thus a bit of a publicity stunt .
Still , this will be the first time the technology has been deployed for real , so whether the system succeeds or fails will be of great importance to ID Quantique .
Like the other two firms , it has its eyes on banks , insurance companies and other businesses that have to move a lot of sensitive data around .
Whether the government of Florida will be interested is a different question .
Cuyahoga County is poised to throw out its $ 21 - million touch - screen voting system only weeks before the March 4 presidential primary .
The four - member Board of Elections deadlocked along party lines in a vote Thursday afternoon to scrap the equipment in favor of new machines estimated to cost $ 3 million .
Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner is expected to break the tie vote - as state law allows - to complete the transformation .
Brunner said late in the afternoon that she was waiting to talk to advisors , but could make a statement this evening .
The board 's two Republican members criticized Brunner for inserting herself into the decision .
President Jeff Hastings and board member Rob Frost opposed switching equipment because there is too little time to prepare for the election and because they were unsure the new system would be an improvement .
" We are being asked by the Secretary of State to swap one defective system for another , " Hastings said .
While the board carefully deliberated for weeks whether to change voting equipment before March , Brunner made her preference clear .
Last week , Brunner called on Cuyahoga County to immediately buy new equipment because she does n't trust the county 's current touch - screen system , made by Diebold Inc .
Her plea was part of an 84 - page report released last week that found problems with all of Ohio 's voting equipment .
Brunner urged the Board of Elections to buy high - speed optical scanners made by Election Systems & Software , of Omaha , Neb .
On March 4 , the scanners would be set up at the Board of Elections ' building to count paper ballots filled out by voters at polling locations .
Board members Inajo Davis Chappell and Sandy McNair , both Democrats , said they have lost confidence in the touch - screen system , which malfunctioned during the Nov. 6 election , delaying results .
Cuyahoga County bought the machines in 2006 .
Chappell said she thought it best to buy new equipment now , rather than risk implementing it before the November presidential election .
" I do n't want to be the laughingstock of the nation in March or November , " she said .
Now that Kucinich has withdrawn from the race , there is no excuse for anyone who wants to end this war not to vote for Ron Paul .
Let it be known that I am a peace and social justice organizer working in far - left Eugene Oregon .
I consider my political affiliation to be more Anarchist that Leftist , and I am completely puzzled by the vitriol that Ron Paul inspires in peace - loving hippy types .
All I have to do is mention the name and I get mobbed by angry quakers .
What is so offensive about saying that unborn people have rights , as well as their desparate mothers with unintended pregnancies ?
What is so offensive about having a religious belief about the creation of the world which contradicts current scientific wisdom ?
What is so offensive about having friends who are racists , if you explicitly state that you do n't sanction or condone their ideas ?
Did n't Jesus hang out with robbers and thugs ?
I know I would n't want people reading what some of my friends and family have said about black people .
More importantly , why is anyone on the Left concerned with these issues during a presidential race ?
Anointing the president is primarily about foreign policy and the military .
When millions are dead and millions more lives hang in the balance , why are we eschewing a candidate who is for ending the war and is convincing more and more hard - to - reach conservatives everyday that peace is a good idea ?
I think that Ron Paul is the best candidate left in the race who has a chance to impact the discussion about foreign policy in the national media and especially in the Republican party .
Furthermore , I think that it would be nothing short of small - minded for the peace movement to neglect this unprecedented opportunity to extend our membership and recruit new people who six months ago , and six months from now would be unreachable .
Join a Ron Paul meetup , go to their events , and invite them to the local peace activist rallies and meetings that you have going on .
I 'm sure they'd be delighted to get further involved in helping to end the war .
More than 2500 schools registered for the competition and more than 10,000 entries were received , all competing for $ 10,000 worth of technology equipment .
With the help of a public vote and judging panel , the entries were whittled down to four finalists and today Hwang chose the winner - Janelle San Juan , 12 , from the School of the Good Shepherd in Victoria .
" In terms of creativity I was just blown away by what the children in Australia were able to come up with and it was really clear to me how much they love their country , " Hwang , whose special Google logos have made him somewhat of a geek celebrity , said .
The entries were judged on " creativity and innovation " and how well they fit the Australia Day theme .
Australian wildlife , landmarks , symbols and issues such as multiculturalism featured prominently on most .
" I wanted to show the soft side of Australia , " said Janelle , who in addition to the Google homepage exposure receives a free Apple Macbook laptop .
" I feel surprised [ to win ] , there were really good designs here . "
Hwang has been in Australia since last weekend , coming straight from Britain where he judged the winner of the Doodle 4 Google competition there .
But he would n't be drawn on whether Brits or Aussies were better doodlers .
" Honestly , they were very different , " he said .
Hwang is now the head webmaster at Google and says designing the logos - about 50 a year - takes up about 20 per cent of his time .
But if the Doodle 4 Google talent is anything to go by , others could soon be gunning for his job .
" To be really honest I 'm packing my bags already because I think I 'm going to lose my job in a few years as some of their designs just blew me out of the water , " he said in jest .
Google frequently changes its home page logo for special worldwide events , anniversaries , birthdays of noted artists and holidays , but the logos are rarely designed by someone outside Google .
Australia Day , Anzac Day , Melbourne Cup Day and this year 's NAIDOC week are some of the Australia - specific events Google has celebrated recently .
The first doodle was created by Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin for the Burning Man Festival , but almost all of the special Google logos ( http://www.google.com/holidaylogos.html) since 2000 were made by Hwang .
" They 're kind of like my children and I like them all in different ways , but the artist birthday logos are closer to my heart I guess , " Hwang said .
" It 's a challenge to keep coming up with fresh new ideas for the same event year after year ... I was getting a bit desperate but this year after the competition the children showed me so many amazing designs - I think we have a fresh repository of future Australia day designs now . "
New ways to play with old hardware .
It 's a morbid game .
I Google " Taser , " click on the tab that brings up the latest news articles featuring the word , and scroll through the insanity .
It never fails .
Every search produces case after case of sadism posing as policing .
Here 's Friday 's crop .
In California , cops Tasered a 15 - year - old autistic child who left his treatment center and was supposedly going to hurt himself by running into traffic ( after walking 15 miles without a hitch ) .
" If that were your son , would you want him Tasered or hit by a car ? " a sheriff 's spokesman said .
If that were my son , I 'd want you to stop traffic .
Is n't that what cops can do with one hand raised and the other behind their back ?
Also in California on Friday , a cop Tasered a high school student to break up a fight .
In Warren , Ohio , an officer Tasered a woman because she was being unruly in his cruiser after an arrest .
She slipped out of the cruiser to escape the shocks .
He Tasered her again until he knocked her unconscious .
She was in handcuffs the whole time .
In Ocala , four officers are being investigated for Tasering a man who refused to drop his Quran .
And , of course , nine days ago at the University of Florida , Andrew Meyer , a 21 - year - old student who got long - winded with his questions to Sen .
John Kerry during a public forum , was shoved away from the mike by campus police , pushed to the ground , pinned there by six officers ( every cop wants a piece of the action ) and Tasered .
Then he was told he was inciting a riot .
If ever there was a case of cops inciting a riot , and deserving one , this was it .
Still , they call this a " safe alternative . "
But the stun gun , the single most savage addition to police arsenals since the back - alley interrogation , has done the opposite of its intended purpose .
Rather than lowering the level of violence necessary to subdue dangerous individuals , the stun - gun has lowered the threshold of excusable police violence by making the use of brutal force seem protective .
Briefly shocking someone , the story goes , is better than shooting him .
But before that choice between two brutalities , there was a choice between brutality and reason -- between Rambo with a shield and good policing .
A cop who'd never dream of unholstering a firearm against a lout or a big - mouthed student is n't hesitating to unholster the stun gun and use it repeatedly under the guise of restoring control .
What a convenient perversion of reality : A 5 - second torture session , often repeated many times , often unnecessary , overwhelmingly directed at nonviolent individuals , is called " improving safety . "
For whom ?
Earlier this year the Houston Chronicle analyzed the Houston Police Department 's use of Tasers since they were introduced two years ago to that same crock fanfare -- " to reduce deadly police shootings . "
Since then , the paper found , " officers have shot , wounded and killed as many people as before the widespread use of the stun guns . "
Houston officers used their Tasers more than 1,000 times in the past two years , " but in 95 percent of those cases they were not used to defuse situations in which suspects wielded weapons and deadly force clearly would have been justified . "
Tasers , in other words , are instruments of punishment , not safety .
They 're enabling cops to be executioners rather than law enforcers , not just metaphorically .
( By CBS News ' count , 70 people have died after being Tasered , including 10 in August .
An Amnesty International report had tallied up 70 deaths between 2001 and 2004 alone . )
I was reading a story the other day about Nalini Ghuman , the Welsh music professor who , after teaching 10 years at a university in California , was suddenly barred from re-entering the country 13 months ago and offered a choice : jail or a plane back to Britain .
She went back .
What struck me about her time in an isolation cell at San Francisco airport is her immediate transformation into an assumed criminal .
When this 34 - year - old academic was groped , body - searched and interrogated , she was " warned that if she moved , " as The New York Times described it , " she would be considered to be attacking her armed female searcher . "
How familiar the warning .
It 's what police agencies down to their school contingents call protocol .
The moment a cop appears on the scene and metes out orders , not following them can mean an immediate charge of resisting or battery if you so much as graze the cop 's ego .
Judging from public comments responding to incidents like the one at the University of Florida , that 's what people want from their cops -- uncompromising control .
In a cop 's presence , your job is to conform , submit , accept that you 're guilty until proven otherwise .
It 's not brutality .
It 's protocol .
_______
Pierre Tristam is the editor of FlaglerLive , a non-profit news service in Florida .
Follow him @ PierreTristam .
About author Pierre Tristam is a Daytona Beach News - Journal editorial writer .
Reach him at Pierre Tristam is a Daytona Beach News - Journal editorial writer .
Reach him at ptristam@att.net or through his personal Web site at www.pierretristam.com
The Associated Press
WASHINGTON D.C. —
Methamphetamine - laced Ecstasy is flowing across the Canadian border into the United States , according to a warning from the federal government to public health and local law enforcement officials .
The White House Office of National Drug Control Policy reports that seizures of Ecstasy at the northern border increased tenfold from 2003 to 2006 , with more than half of the contraband tablets containing methamphetamine , a vastly more addicting drug .
This matches findings by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police .
The development comes after an uptick in Ecstasy use after years of waning popularity for the club drug and just as the supply of methamphetamine is being strangled at the Mexican border .
Thus some law enforcement and treatment experts hypothesize that the turbo - charged combination is an effort by traffickers to reverse trends unfavorable to their business by marketing a new product at a new point of entry .
Ecstasy , which gained popularity in the 1990s " rave " culture , had been in steep decline since 2001 , but began to creep upward in 2005 and 2006 , when first - time users increased by 40 percent , a third of them under the age of 18 , according to a variety of studies .
At more or less the same time , the supply of methamphetamine in the United States has been substantially reduced , first by shutting domestic laboratories and then by new cooperation from the Mexican government in controlling its manufacture and smuggling .
How to Host a Mystery
These are pictures from the Star Trek : The Next Generation " How to Host a Mystery " party
that Britta hosted at her apartment on April 28th , 2002 ...
( FYI : My Ensign Ro uniform is " vintage " from 1991 , but all the other uniform shirts , plus Guinan 's hat , were all made by me for this party for less than $ 20 ... I could n't let my guests not look official just because they did n't own uniforms ! :)
Who Stole the Orb of Knowledge ?
It is Stardate 47729.75 aboard the starship USS Enterprise 1701 - D. Eight members of an Enterprise Away Team have returned from the remote planet Delphi 4 with a remarkable discovery - the legendary Orb of Knowledge .
At a celebration banquet , excitement turns to dismay when the Orb is stolen and the Away Team must decide who amongst them has committed the crime .
Guinan .............. Anne Freitas
Dr. Beverly Crusher ............... Lisa Molera
Lt. Cmdr. Data ............. Jeff Johnson
Ensign Ro Laren ............ Britta Peterson
Lt. Worf ................. Kael Loftus
Cmdr . William Riker ........... R. Douglas Barbieri
Lt. Cmdr. Geordi LaForge ............. Louie Lee
Counselor Deanna Troi ............ Tracia Barbieri
Doug Barbieri as Commander William Riker ...
As First Officer of the USS Enterprise , Riker is considered one of Starfleet 's rising young stars .
Known as " Will " to his friends , he is a human of decisive action , with the physical stamina and mental capacity needed to tackle difficult assignments .
He inherited his pioneering spirit and rugged outdoor quality from his upbringing in Valdez , Alaska , on planet Earth .
Riker 's principal duties include maintaining the vessel and crew in pristine condition , and commanding Away Teams .
Handsome and dashing , the twinkle in his eye hints at a sense of humor and a fondness for the opposite sex .
Some special interests include playing the trombone , listening to jazz music , and frequently holding his own at five - card stud .
Jeff Johnson as Lieutenant Commander Data ...
Data is an android so expertly fabricated , Starfleet tests indicate he is a " live " being .
He has the appearance of a human male in his mid-thirties except for his gold - tone artificial skin , yellow eyes and slightly stiff movements .
His positronic computer brain possesses a childlike curiosity and exhaustive memory , but essential elements of humanness ( like feelings and humor ) elude his android circuitry .
With the mind of a machine and a body that appears mortal , Data yearns to be fully human .
As a crew member , his detached manner , analytical skills and engineering wizardry often prove invaluable .
This has earned him numerous Starfleet decorations including the Legion of Honor , a Starfleet Command Decoration for Valor & Gallantry and The Star Cross .
Lisa Molera as Dr. Beverly Crusher ...
As the ship 's Chief Medical Officer , Dr. Crusher is an experienced physician who often uses her keen diagnostic skills only to confirm her intuition .
Intelligent and strong - willed , she is a brilliant ship 's doctor who worked long and hard to get the enviable assignment aboard the Starship Enterprise .
Dr. Crusher is beautiful and youthful , with a natural charm and intelligence that complements her technical skills .
Tough at times , soft at others , she is an accomplished human female with a well - developed heart and mind .
When faced with a dilemma , Beverly carefully weighs the options and chooses the most compassionate and ethical course of action .
A widow , she has a close personal relationship with Captain Picard , who has many times served as a strong father - figure for her son .
Tracia Barbieri as Counselor Deanna Troi ...
Beautiful , gracious and intelligent , Deanna 's duties as Ship Counselor require her to be alert to the temperaments and emotional states of visitors and crew .
Half Betazoid , hybrids like Troi are seldom completely telepathic but can usually read the feelings and emotions of those around them .
Deeply respected for her serenity and peaceful wisdom , she has helped many fellow crew members through difficult situations .
Deanna is an expert in psychological engineering whose insight is frequently sought by Captain Picard when clashes arise .
The myriad of different cultures and beliefs aboard the starship keeps her job challenging .
Before being assigned to the USS Enterprise , Deanna was once romantically involved in a passionate love affair with Will Riker .
Their working relationship is proper and professional , and they remain friendly .
Louie Lee as Lieutenant Commander Geordi LaForge ...
Geordi is an engineering expert with an extensive knowledge of every facet of the ship 's operation .
Blind from birth , he wears a high - tech prosthetic device that allows his brain to " see " almost the full electromagnetic spectrum from infrared to ultraviolet .
His quick intelligence and lively spirit inspired a top medical electronics team to create the VISOR ( Visual Instrument and Sensory Organ Replacement ) he wears .
Geordi's special visual abilities and excellent memory make him a valuable member of an Away Team .
A well - liked and amiable human , he has a playful sense of humor that often emerges in situations of grave danger .
Geordi and Data are best friends , viewing life from unusual vantage points and sharing a mutual fascination of technology .
Kael Loftus as Lieutenant Worf ...
Born to a race that considers military expertise the highest of all virtues , Worf is the first Klingon ever to graduate from Starfleet Academy .
In charge of security , Worf is an expert on all types of weapons and armaments and totally loyal to Captain Picard and the USS Enterprise .
His abrupt nature may sometimes appear abrasive , but his sense of honor and integrity are without question .
His motto is , " To die defending one 's ship is the hope of every Klingon . "
Orphaned in childhood during a Romulan attack on a Klingon outpost , he was rescued and adopted by a human Starfleet officer and his family .
Internally , Worf is often torn between the human values of his upbringing and his aggressive Klingon heritage .
An imposing physical presence , Worf speaks in short , declarative statements , and has a limited sense of humor .
Britta Peterson as Ensign Ro Laren ...
Due to her troubled Bajoran heritage , Ro is very headstrong and determined .
Her persecuted and hardened race has survived many territorial battles by believing that action and tenacity would carry the day .
This approach to life has both helped and hindered her .
Ro 's fiercely independent nature sometimes has difficulty submitting to authority , but she has proven herself to be a valued member of the USS Enterprise crew .
No stranger to conflict and adversity , Ro's honorable motives and natural intelligence usually rescue her when she finds herself in trouble .
Romantically , she actively pursues what she wants .
It is generally known that while under the influence of artificially - induced amnesia , she gave in to her underlying attraction to Commander Riker .
Anne Freitas as Guinan ...
Guinan is hostess of the Ten - Forward Lounge , a place on the starship known for off - duty relaxation , as well as unique beverages .
An alien female from a distant planet of Listener life - forms , Guinan has the ability to make others feel comfortable and expess themselves honestly while in her presence .
Sought out for her advice as well as the lively beverages she concocts , Guinan 's job is similar to a " bartender " of yesteryear .
Over five centuries old , her appearance and demeanor are very youthful .
She speaks with a wisdom and serenity that indicates both innocence and knowledge .
Her observations are often punctuated with keen insights and subtle humor .
Guinan would not normally be part of an Away Team , but her culture has very specific legends about the Orb of Knowledge , and she was invited by Commander Riker to join the mission to help authenticate the discovery .
[ See my concluding comment at the bottom and my new article ' Ron Paul : Fair and Balanced ' . ]
One of the hazards of instant mass communication is that incorrect stories can get distributed immediately .
A particular hazard during holiday vacations .
[ * And when those who know the full story are n't talking * ]
There is NO NH “ DEBATE ” on January 6th .
That event was canceled three weeks ago .
Ron Paul has , so far , been excluded from an “ event ” planned by Fox News .
Jason George of the Baltimore Sun reports at 6:02 pm ET
12/30/07 :
Fergus Cullen , chairman of the New Hampshire State Republican Committee , confirmed Sunday evening to the Tribune that , yes , there will be a televised Fox News presidential candidate forum on Jan. 6 , and yes , Rep. Ron Paul was not invited when the other candidates were a week or so ago .
“ My understanding is that five candidates to that point had been offered spots but the event is still coming together , ” Cullen said .
The candidates invited to the forum / debate – whatever you want to call it – will be Mayor Rudy Giuliani , Gov. Mike Huckabee , Sen. John McCain , Gov. Mitt Romney and Sen. Fred Thompson .
Cullen said the event , which is set to take place two days before the New Hampshire primary , will be held in the afternoon or evening at St. Anselm College in Goffstown , N.H .
When asked if Fox News , which is co-sponsoring the debate with the NH party , planned to invite Paul later , Cullen said he did n't know .
“ It 's really premature .
Just the other day candidates started to accept invitations . ”
The Paul campaign is still in the dark and Fox News is not talking :
“ On the evening of December 28 , Jared Chicoine and Jordan Brown of our New Hampshire campaign staff met in person with Fergus Cullen the New Hampshire GOP chairman to discuss whether or not Dr. Paul would be invited to participate in the forum .
Mr. Cullen confirmed there will be an event on January 6 , but he could not confirm whether or not Dr. Paul would be invited .
We also learned the event would not be a debate with an audience , but instead would be a forum in a closed studio with the candidates questioned only by Chris Wallace of Fox News . “
[ emphasis added ]
Ron WILL participate in the January 5th ABC / WMUR GOP debate in New Hampshire .
=================
Original Report & Updates =============
So , what happened ?
Months ago , NH GOP chairman Fergus Cullen had been in touch with FoxNews about a possible forum on January 6th .
He had even contacted all the GOP candidates to see whether they were available .
However , plans for the ABC debate were finalized with all candidates early in December and Cullen “ threw in the towel . ”
See “ OUTFOXED ” in the NH Union Leader of December 16th .
At that time , Cullen had not received a response from Ron Paul , who had committed to a conflicting luncheon at the NH Liberty Forum at the same time .
Skip ahead to December 27th , when the Union Leader reported that all candidates had agreed to the ABC / WMUR debate and reporter Garry Rayno added a confusing paragraph about Giuliani finally agreeing to the ( canceled ) January 6th forum , which had already been converted into a simple state GOP brunch .
Due to the timing of this article , there was no way to confirm who will or wo n't attend the brunch , but it is not a broadcast debate and has nothing to do with FoxNews .
Nevertheless , a blog in Washington picked up the story , scrambled it and their “ BHDC Staff ” reported a list of the candidates who would be attending , which did not include Ron Paul ( he had n't officially confirmed , due to the conflict ) .
That story was picked up by the AP Newswire , which added some information that it had from a month earlier about the format being discussed .
Finally , the AP article was picked up by Lew Rockwell and passed along to DailyPaul.com , with all the errors intact .
Of course , a firestorm ensued on all the Ron Paul nets before the information could be verified .
Immediately , thousands of messages went to FoxNews and the NH GOP protesting the exclusion .
Unfortunately , the Ron Paul campaign did n't sort out the facts before sending out a news release blasting Fox for their “ outrageous ” conduct , even if they did note that the information had not been confirmed .
From there , the report spread into dozens of blogs and news commentaries .
An unfortunate false alarm .
Lesson :
Fast news is sometimes “ bad ” news .
Faux
News is worthy of criticism for what they have done , not for what they have n't done .
Look before you leap .
…
Update1 : Not all MSM is bad .
For some favorable coverage of Ron Paul , see my “ Media Ears ” articles : ABC , Newsweek , PBS & Cable 47
Update2 : The New Hampshire GOP website makes no mention of any events on January 6th , but it does promote the NH Liberty Forum scheduled for January 5th , where Ron Paul will be speaking .
I 'm informed that the campaign was working with Forum sponsors and Cullen to accommodate any possible NHGOP event .
Fox News does mention the January 5th ABC debate on their schedule , but nothing in New Hampshire on January 6th .
There does appear to be some residual confusion about the GOPNH brunch on the 6th , which may occur , where some candidates may attend , and which Fox may cover as a news item , but it certainly is n't a live , broadcast debate or forum .
[ See Update7 ]
Update3 : If you believe there is an error in my report , please provide a link .
The story from the Big Head DC blog , linked in the article , may be a satirical fabrication intended to distress Paul supporters , which is their inclination .
As for St. Anselm College , their schedule show no events whatever on January 6th .
Update4 : This gets more interesting .
The source for the original story was the Big Head DC blog , run by one Rob Capriccioso .
At first , I thought he had just made an innocent error , but Katrina Morgan , claiming to be his wife [ Capriccioso says he does n't know her ] says he is “ working on a cutting - edge blog war strategy .
“ ” Blog wars were so lame before my husband came around .
It was just people making fun of each other or posting unflattering pictures .
BORING !
But then my husband figured something out : posting full names and job names really scared people and can potentially disrupt their lives .
So exciting ! ”
Then , I discovered that Capriccioso was responsible for “ outing ” Trent Lott , apparently with fabricated emails from a purported homosexual lover .
Did he decide to spoof the entire Ron Paul story , just to “ disrupt the lives ” of Ron Paul supporters ?
[ See : Final +6 Footnote ]
Update5 : WorldNetDaily has confirmed the accuracy of this report .
In a review of other candidate websites and news schedules , no such event exists .
Update6 : Further evidence of Fox News ’ apparent innocence ( this time ) is their sponsorship of the January 10th GOP Debate in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina .
It would make no sense to exclude Ron Paul on January 6th , but to reportedly include him in a debate four days later .
This report does not conflict with the RP press release , in which Kent Snyder states that they are “ continuing to make inquiries ” to determine why Paul was “ apparently excluded . ”
I totally agree with his reasons why Paul should be included in all broadcast debates .
Thanks to Mondoreb at Death by 1000 Papercuts for the compliment and some cute stock photos .
This report , he writes ,
“ … is as accurate as we have been able to verify at this point in time .
It may prove to contain errors , but we could n't find any , based on what DBKP knows at this moment . “
Apologies to Chris Brunner of Lew Rockwell for incorrectly identifying him as the author of the WorldNetDaily post , which is not attributed .
Thanks to Jane Aitken , a huge RP booster in New Hampshire , who will be following up with the NHGOP .
Update7 : NHGOP Press Secretary Barney Keller , in transit to New York City on his cell phone , says all candidates have been invited to attend and “ say a few words ” at the noon Sunday “ Presidential Brunch ” event , which may be covered by C - Span .
Independent of that event , says Keller , Fox News has arranged for the use of a television studio at St. Anselm College for possible interviews with presidential candidates that evening .
There will be no public audience and , to the best of his knowledge , all candidates have been invited .
That session is totally under the control of Fox News , he says , which may be taped or done as a live broadcast .
Awaiting return call from Fox VP John Moody .
[ 12/30/07 02:30 pm PT ]
FINAL UPDATE : See my comments below [ 12/30/07 8:00 pm PT ] and my new article on the topic .
Final+1 : NHGOP Chairman Fergus Cullen has finally issued a rather artfully worded statement saying :
“ The level playing field requires that all candidates be given an equal opportunity to participate – not just a select few determined by the media prior to any votes being cast . ”
Final +2 : The Associated Press now reports that Fox wo n't be using the studios at St. Anselm College , but rather a “ souped - up bus ” with limited space .
According to AP , Fox only “ invited candidates who had received double - digit support in recent polls , ” presumably its own .
Final+3 : ABC
News has at least released its criteria for including candidates in the day - previous January 5th debates , where Paul appears to qualify [ Fundraising is not one of them ] .
Final +4 : After a week of virtual silence and artful dodging , NHGOP Chairman Fergus Cullen has released a clear statement :
“ The New Hampshire Republican Party believes Congressmen Ron Paul and Duncan Hunter should be included in the FOX forum on Sunday evening .
Our mutual efforts to resolve this difference have failed .
While we understand that FOX News continues to move forward it is with regret , the New Hampshire Republican Party hereby withdraws as a partner in this forum . “
Fox responded with one sentence : “ We look forward to presenting a substantive forum which will serve as the first program of its kind this election season “
Final+5 : Manchester , NH station MCAM - TV will be broadcasting a live Ron Paul one - hour townhall meeting concurrent with the Fox broadcast , simulcast on the web .
Final+6 : Rob Capriccioso .
denies that Katrina Morgan is any relation and her blog entry has been deleted from the WordPress site .
If you and I — the electoral “ we ” — share dismay , disgust and despair over the overt and covert roles of corporate and special - interest money in politics , then it ’s time buy back our government and our democracy .
It ’s time to outbid the corpo-kleptocracy for the largesse and lawmaking of our politicians .
Have a position on health care reform ?
Upset with immigration policy ?
Got a beef about about farm subsidies ?
Got an attitude about abortion , either pro or con ?
Think defense spending ’s a problem ?
Irritated about paying for the Iraq War ?
Angry about the erosion of privacy rights ?
Think public education needs to be reformed ?
Tired of inaction about climate change ?
Whatever our issues , whatever our points of view , whatever our positions , they do n’t matter — because there ’s an industry or a special interest that has outbid our politicians for their ears .
Thus we may shout as loudly as we can , but our politicians do not hear us .
We ’ve been outspent and out - influenced .
As long as our campaign financing debacle is not addressed by the very politicians who need corpo-kleptocratic money to be elected — and stay elected — our voices will be diminished to mere whimpers .
The 2008 presidential election will be the most expensive in history .
Says FEC commissioner Michael E. Toner : “ We are looking at a $ 100 million entry fee . ”
It gets worse , however , for all federal elections .
Elections are expensive at any governmental level .
But at the federal level — presidential and congressional — the cost truly spikes .
According to the Center for Responsive Politics , the 2006 mid-term elections cost $ 2.8 billion , making the 2006 midterms the most expensive ever .
That ’s 2006 .
Estimates for the costs of all federal contests for 2008 reach as high as $ 5 billion to $ 6 billion — with the presidential race alone expected to hit well more than $ 1 billion with some estimates reaching $ 3 billion .
A CNN consultant ’s analysis says the cost to influence the 2008 elections through televised political ads may reach $ 3 billion , up from $ 1.7 billion in 2004 and $ 2.3 billion in 2006 .
And where ’s the money coming from to pay these huge sums ?
The non-partisan CRP , which analyzes campaign finance , says the top industries have stepped up their donations considerably :
On average , top - giving industries and interests have increased their total contributions to candidates for Congress and president , as well as to national party committees , by 46 percent since the same point in time four years ago .
[ See chart at bottom of CRP press release . ]
Aside from donating as individuals the maximum amount allowed by law ( if we can understand the law ) , our collective public will and wealth has been expressed through public campaign financing underwritten by a checkoff on our IRS 1040s and overseen by the Federal Election Commission .
But that ’s a paltry undertaking .
And more of us think so , because fewer of us mark that checkoff box : “ Only 7.3 % of 2006 tax returns filed from Jan. 1 to April 14 designated a $ 3 contribution to the public campaign - financing system , according to data the Internal Revenue Service prepared for USA Today . ”
In addition , a USA Today / Gallup Poll shows 46 percent of respondents would like to see campaigns financed solely with private money instead of public money .
The predictable consequence ?
As of March , the fund for public financing of presidential elections contained only $ 170 million .
That amount would n’t even get one presidential candidate through the primaries .
Says one political analyst , Richard Hasen , a campaign expert at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles , “ It would be political suicide to accept public financing as a presidential candidate today . ”
Fred Wertheimer , president of Democracy 21 , a non-partisan group that backs public financing , wants a bigger checkoff on the IRS form ; he ’d raise it to $ 10 .
Sen . Russ Feingold , D - Wis. , and Reps. Christopher Shays , R- Conn. , and David Price , D - N.C. , have filed a bill to raise the fund ’s spending limits — up to $ 150 million for primaries and $ 100 million for the general election .
These are nothing but ineffectual band - aids .
They ’re either not thinking big enough or they ’re just trying to position themselves as campaign - finance reformers .
Public financing — even with the around - the - edges tinkering suggested — is woefully insufficient as a means to outbid the corpo- kleptocratic players who now rule campaign finance and , by our collective public default , much if not most of the thinking and doing by candidates and incumbents .
An important point to remember : Politicians , believe it or not , do n’t like the means by which elections are run and paid for any more than we do .
It is demeaning and stressful .
It requires them to attend thinly disguised fundraisers several evenings a week .
It requires flying home to the district each weekend ( actually , from Thursday to Tuesday ) not necessarily to see the family but to raise more money .
It requires them to make decisions on legislation that may not be in the best interests of their constituents , the nation or democracy in general .
It reduces them to pawns who spend up to half their time sucking up to the corpo- kleptocracy and special interests .
They live in sleep deprivation , and it shows .
That means they ’re not working on the public ’s business as much or as effectively as they could be .
They ’re not reading legislation before they vote on it , relying on staff memos instead .
They ’re not doing substantial work in Senate and House subcommittees .
Staff do it .
Imagine a Congress run by representatives and senators who actually get enough sleep to be productive , thoughtful and imaginative .
We ’ve got to find a way to remove politicians from that fundraising frenzy .
We have to outbid the corpo-kleptocrats .
Call your representatives and senators .
Tell them to immediately sponsor or co-sponsor a bill that would raise from general taxation $ 10 billion a year , indexed for inflation , to pay for all federal elections .
That would raise $ 40 billion every four years .
At the moment , that would easily outbid the corpo-kleptocrats for the mid-term and presidential election years .
When the corpo - klepto spending begins to catch up , increase the amount to be raised through general taxation .
Do not require candidates to accept money from this new fund .
Just tell federal candidates it ’s either use the public ’s money or that of the corpo- kleptocrats — but not both .
Retain FEC oversight of campaign contributions .
Keep limits on individual campaign contributions , indexed for inflation .
Keep the heat on limiting campaign donations from the corpo-kleptocracy .
Retain the constitutional mandate for free speech as expressed through campaign donations .
But if candidates accept money from the public from this new fund , require rigorous accounting for every last dime of public money spent .
If they take the public ’s money , fine them severely if they then accept any other money .
That $ 10 billion annual addition to the federal budget would represent 0.0004 percent of President Bush ’s fiscal 2008 federal spending request .
That ’s a cheap price to pay to get our government back .
The corpo-kleptocrats will , of course , vehemently and financially oppose such an initiative .
A Republican president would undoubtedly veto such a bill ( and do n’t count too heavily on a Democratic president supporting it , either ) .
Ten billion dollars a year is a small price to pay to outbid the corpo-kleptocrats for control of our government .
Many politicians , sadly , are bred to be bought .
So let ’s buy them back from industries and special interests .
We simply ca n’t afford not to anymore .
What makes God laugh ?
According to a much - quoted saying , it 's people making plans .
God probably had a few good giggles over Sara Miles ' conversion .
The San Francisco writer and former restaurant cook was a happy atheist , a probing journalist who covered wars and revolutions in Central America -- and a woman married to another woman .
She certainly did n't intend to become a Christian or -- as she describes it -- " a religious nut . "
But early one morning she ambled into St. Gregory of Nyssa Episcopal Church on Potrero Hill , took Communion and her life changed .
That day Miles found both God and her life 's mission : feeding the hungry .
Miles , a former editor at Mother Jones magazine and the founder of St. Gregory 's Food Pantry , documents her conversion in " Take This Bread " ( Ballantine Books , Feb. 2007 ) .
More than a spiritual memoir , the book details her experiences starting and running food pantries , a process that she says causes her to occasionally " cross the line from self - righteous do - gooder to crusading zealot . "
I spoke with her by phone last week about faith , food and her vision of Christianity as a religion that 's inclusive , activist and ever evolving .
I 'm screwed up in different ways .
I 've traded one set of neurotic obsessions for another , I think .
But you would probably have to ask the people around me .
I think it has made me less certain , more willing to be surprised and more open to the idea that the unexpected can happen .
And I think it 's made me more interested in other people , even the ones who I do n't necessarily like or have a lot in common with .
What has surprised you the most about being a Christian ?
That 's a really hard question .
There are some obvious answers , like I never expected waking up before dawn in order to kneel on the floor with ashes on my forehead for Ash Wednesday , then preach a sermon about death and sin for Lent .
That was not in my career plans .
I did n't expect that I would be praying over someone as they died .
I did n't think that I would be able to say " God bless you " aloud to somebody .
And I also think that I did n't expect how profoundly fine it is to understand yourself as not at the center of the world .
Fine ?
That 's a very benign word , is n't it ?
Yeah !
Because I think beyond the sort of moments of ecstasy or religious inspiration or perfect joy or perfect despair , there is an equanimity that I feel able to tap into , understanding that my own self is not actually the center of the world , which I really appreciate .
In your book you describe your conversion to Christianity as " terribly inconvenient . "
How so ?
It was inconvenient because I had n't been raised as a Christian .
I had a lot of disdain for Christians , the sort of litany of complaints that people often make about the bigotry of the church , its narrow - mindedness , its collusion with empire , its willingness to impose its received wisdom on everybody else .
This was particularly true for me as a woman and a gay person .
And so I stayed away .
Conversion was n't what I was planning to have happen .
I liked my life just fine .
I was n't searching for a new one .
You tell the story of being a lifelong atheist until one morning you walked into St. Gregory 's Church , ate a piece of bread , took a sip of wine and apparently were converted on the spot .
Is that really how it happened ?
Well , I think that my faith certainly became explicit in that moment , but it continues to change and deepen .
Conversion is an ongoing process .
I do n't believe in those " I once was blind , and now I see " moments .
Why did you walk into that church if you were n't even interested in religion ?
I was curious .
You know , I 'm a reporter , and it 's a big , beautiful , wooden - shingled building .
And it has this gorgeous mosaic icon outside and a sign that says , " All That Is Prays to You . "
You walk inside and you are struck by this huge mural of dancing saints , only the saints are people like Malcolm X and Cesar Chavez .
It 's very surprising .
Not the sort of church you would find in middle America , is it ?
Well , yes and no .
One of the things that I 've come to understand is that aesthetics and theology are n't the same thing .
There are plenty of things about St. Gregory 's that are like the Ethiopian Orthodox Church , and there are plenty of things that are like a Lutheran church in Kansas .
I think the most important thing for me about St. Gregory 's is the practice and the theology of open Communion , which says basically that the altar does not belong to the church .
The altar is God's , and everybody is welcome .
It is not up to the church to say , " You do n't deserve Communion , because you 're not baptized or you 're gay or you 're divorced or you 're a child . "
The church does n't own Communion .
It 's God 's meal .
That made it possible for me to even take Communion in the first place .
It also made it possible for me to look at the church not as a way to divide people from each other , but as a way of joining people together .
One of the questions you raised in the book is " Why would any thinking person become a Christian ? "
First , I 'm going to ask you why you even felt the need to pose that question .
I do n't think someone would ask the same question of a Jew or a Buddhist or a Hindu or a pagan .
There are a lot of secular people who are raised to doubt any knowledge that can't be proved through a scientific paradigm .
That 's why I asked that question in the book .
But one could ask that same question for other religions as well .
Now I 'll ask you for the answer to the question , " Why would any thinking person become a Christian now ? "
I 'm not going to give the answer for why anybody else should be a Christian , but I will say why I became a Christian .
I believe the story of Christianity is true .
It is true beyond facts and literalism , and it 's true beyond logic .
As a journalist , it was surprising for me to use a different set of tools -- the eyes of faith -- to understand the world .
Belief turned out to be the least important part of faith .
For me , the most interesting part of faith has been doubt , not knowing , being willing to look at the universe with a different perspective .
Why is doubt interesting ?
It 's interesting to not be in complete control of the narrative , to not know how the story turns out .
I believe that the Holy Spirit is still at work in the world , that God 's truth was not revealed once and for all at a single historical moment and now it 's just a matter of cracking the code .
Listening for the stirrings of God on earth , watching for God 's presence among us , means asking questions , doubting , praying .
It means listening to others ' experiences with the kind of humility that is painfully lacking in much religion .
You are married to a woman who you 've been with for almost 14 years .
How do you reconcile Christian teachings that oppose same - sex relationships with your own beliefs as a Christian ?
Which Christian teachings ?
I think it 's kind of simple to say that the Bible says this or that thing is good or bad .
The Bible is a collection of documents that is remade every time somebody reads it .
And Christianity is a religion that over the centuries has adapted to incredibly different cultures , so people reinterpret and reinterpret and reinterpret [ the Bible ] .
I also do n't feel like once the last pages of the King James Bible were assembled that God stopped talking to Christians .
The conversation between God and the church is not finished .
That said , as a practical matter you 've got the Anglican Church this week saying that gay marriage is a sin for Episcopalians in this country .
Presumably that includes those at St. Gregory 's Church .
I think that there is a powerful tendency in Christianity , as in all religions , to scapegoat people and define yourself by who you are not .
The people who are trying to get rid of gay unions are the same people who were enraged over the idea that women could be ordained .
They are the people who are enraged that if you are divorced you can be remarried in the church .
Once you start to exclude people because they are the bad ones , you are doing the kind of scapegoating that in my view Jesus exists to overthrow .
And I think it 's sad .
And I also think it wo n't stand .
I want to talk to you about the sacrament of Communion , which has been particularly important in your life .
What about taking Communion moves you so much ?
In one gesture it sort of sums up the craziness and beauty of human life , which is that you are a soul in a piece of meat , you know ?
You are a soul in a body .
You are bound to other bodies by the fact of your body , by eating and drinking , which are among the most basic human functions .
And yet you are also a soul .
The other thing about Communion is that you cannot have it by yourself .
Christianity is not a solitary practice , and Communion by definition is about being with others .
For me , that is at the heart of what the religion teaches .
We need each other .
What is the connection between Communion and your decision to start feeding the hungry in San Francisco ?
The connection is literal .
I walked into this church .
I was a stranger .
I had , if anything , only the rudest thoughts about the people who were welcoming me .
I got fed , and my life got changed .
And I thought , I want to keep doing this for other people .
So I began setting up these food pantries with the San Francisco Food Bank .
Last week , we served 450 families .
I think we gave away about six tons of food on Friday .
How is the food pantry at St. Gregory 's different from other places where the hungry can get food ?
It 's run by the hungry .
It 's run by people who , like me , wanted to be a part of something .
What has happened to them is what happened to me , not in the sense of a conversion to Christian doctrine but in the sense that they came to get food and stayed to help out .
It was n't enough for them just to receive .
What kind of food are you giving away ?
You are someone who worked in restaurants for years , so you appreciate attention to food and its preparation .
We give away groceries .
We give away fresh food .
We put up all these tables around the altar so that the entire sanctuary of the church looks like this fabulous farmers ' market in heaven .
There are icons and candles burning and flowers and beautiful altar cloths , and piles of Cheerios and potatoes and fresh vegetables and rice and beans .
In the book , you write that San Francisco is perhaps the most food - obsessed place on the planet .
Does that make people more or less likely to notice that others are hungry , too ?
I think they do n't see who they are .
They do n't understand that it 's people who have jobs or it's the elderly .
When you talk about hungry people in San Francisco , people think , " Oh , that 's that crazy homeless guy who is living under the bridge . "
And certainly we feed those people , too .
But most of the hungry people in San Francisco statistically turn out to be women and their kids .
And most of the people that we feed at the pantry are working people or the elderly .
That 's because the housing costs are so insane that it takes two full - time minimum - wage jobs to pay the rent on a one - bedroom apartment , and you do n't have enough left over for food .
St. Gregory 's Food Pantry has provided start - up money , training and inspiration to help launch 11 other food pantries .
What are the most important things that you have learned about ensuring projects like this are successful ?
The main thing is to emphasize that it 's not just a social service project .
It 's about empowering the people who come to get food to run the program themselves .
People often talk about a divide in this country between the secular left and the religious right .
Where do you fall in that scheme ?
I know that there are a lot of Christians who do n't think I ought to be allowed in the club .
Luckily , Christianity is not a club .
It is , as my favorite patriarchal , misogynist , homophobic apostle -- St. Paul -- said : " There is no Jew or Greek , slave or free , male or female anymore .
For you are all one in Jesus Christ . "
What counts is not who you are .
Your human identity and your human status are not the point .
Finding My Religion wants to hear from you .
Send comments on stories and suggestions for interview subjects to miller@sfgate.com .
During his far - flung career in journalism , Bay Area writer and editor David Ian Miller has worked as a city hall reporter , personal finance writer , cable television executive and managing editor of a technology news site .
His writing credits include Salon.com , Wired News and The New York Observer .
What you are about to see is basically “ an edited version of the Halo Combat short films that was combined into one cohesive story . ”
If the big studios were to actually make a live - action Halo movie , we hope it looks as good as this short .
Video after the break .
WE Americans live in a society awash in historical celebrations .
The last few years have witnessed commemorations of the bicentennial of the Louisiana Purchase ( 2003 ) and the 60th anniversary of the end of World War II ( 2005 ) .
Looming on the horizon are the bicentennial of Abraham Lincoln ’s birth ( 2009 ) and the sesquicentennial of the outbreak of the Civil War ( 2011 ) .
But one significant milestone has gone strangely unnoticed : the 200th anniversary of Jan. 1 , 1808 , when the importation of slaves into the United States was prohibited .
This neglect stands in striking contrast to the many scholarly and public events in Britain that marked the 2007 bicentennial of that country ’s banning of the slave trade .
There were historical conferences , museum exhibits , even a high - budget film , “ Amazing Grace , ” about William Wilberforce , the leader of the parliamentary crusade that resulted in abolition .
What explains this divergence ?
Throughout the 1780s , the horrors of the Middle Passage were widely publicized on both sides of the Atlantic and by 1792 the British Parliament stood on the verge of banning the trade .
But when war broke out with revolutionary France , the idea was shelved .
Final prohibition came in 1807 and it proved a major step toward the abolition of slavery in the empire .
The British campaign against the African slave trade not only launched the modern concern for human rights as an international principle , but today offers a usable past for a society increasingly aware of its multiracial character .
It remains a historic chapter of which Britons of all origins can be proud .
Sexy surprise in the Russian restaurant .
Camara oculta sexy y divertida .
Candid camera sexy and funny .
Not so much a nipple slip as whole breasts slips , this is another one of those sexy hidden camera clips .
From Russia with boobies !
Gen Tibbets ( centre ) always said he had no regrets
Tibbets on Hiroshima
Paul Warfield Tibbets
Jr died at his home in Columbus , Ohio , aged 92 .
The five - ton " Little Boy " bomb was dropped on the morning of 6 August 1945 , killing about 140,000 Japanese , with many more dying later .
On the 60th anniversary of the bombing , the three surviving crew members of the Enola Gay - named after Tibbet 's mother - said they had " no regrets " .
' No headstone '
A friend of the retired brigadier - general told AP news agency that Paul Tibbets had died after a two - month decline in health .
Gen Tibbets had asked for no funeral nor headstone as he feared opponents of the bombing may use it as a place of protest , the friend , Gerry Newhouse , said .
The Hiroshima bomb killed about 140,000 Japanese
The bombing of Hiroshima marked the beginning of the end of the war in the Pacific .
Japan surrendered shortly after a second bomb was dropped , on Nagasaki , three days later .
On the 60th anniversary of Hiroshima , the surviving members of the Enola Gay crew - Gen Tibbets , Theodore J " Dutch " Van Kirk ( the navigator ) and Morris R Jeppson ( weapon test officer ) said : " The use of the atomic weapon was a necessary moment in history .
We have no regrets " .
Gen Tibbets said then : " Thousands of former soldiers and military family members have expressed a particularly touching and personal gratitude suggesting that they might not be alive today had it been necessary to resort to an invasion of the Japanese home islands to end the fighting . "
Air show
Paul Warfield Tibbets
Jr was born in Quincy , Illinois , in 1915 and spent most of his youth in Miami .
He enlisted in the Army Air Corps in 1937 and led bombing operations in Europe before returning to test the Superfortress .
He retired from the forces in 1966 .
In a 1975 interview he said : " I 'm proud that I was able to start with nothing , plan it and have it work as perfectly as it did ... I sleep clearly every night . "
In 1976 , Gen Tibbets was criticised for re-enacting the bombing at an air show in Texas .
A mushroom cloud was set off as he over flew in a B - 29 Superfortress in a stunt that outraged Japan .
Gen Tibbets said it was not meant as an insult but the US government formally apologised .
In 1995 , Gen Tibbets denounced as a " damn big insult " a planned 50th anniversary exhibition of the Enola Gay at the Smithsonian Institution that put the bombing in context of the suffering it caused .
He and veterans groups said too much attention was being paid to Japan 's suffering and not enough to its military brutality .
By Henri Astier
BBC News
The Bush administration - like its predecessors - has stood by Israel
Commentators the world over refer to it , as though it were a well - established fact that US Jews wield far more influence than their numbers ( 2 % of the population ) would suggest .
But this presumed influence is also a delicate issue in the US , and is rarely analysed .
How does the lobby work ?
Is its power truly legendary , or just a legend ?
Two US academics , John Mearsheimer of the University of Chicago and Stephen Walt of Harvard , have set out to answer those questions , and triggered a firestorm of controversy as a result .
Their book The Israel Lobby and US Foreign Policy , which builds on a 2006 article in the London Review of Books , says the reasons for US support for Israel need to be explained .
[ Many critics ] tried to smear us by either saying or hinting that we are anti-Semitic
Stephen Walt
Mearsheimer / Walt interview
America spends $ 3bn a year in largely military assistance - one - sixth of its direct aid budget - to help a prosperous , nuclear - armed country , and strongly backs Israel in negotiations on Middle East peace .
But according to Mearsheimer and Walt , the US gets remarkably little in return .
They reject the argument that Israel is a key ally in America 's " war on terror " .
On the contrary , they contend , US patronage of Israel fuels militant anger - as well as fostering resentment in Arab countries that control vital oil supplies .
One-sided
The authors also reject the common view of Israel as a democratic outpost that needs protection from deadly enemies .
It is indeed a vibrant democracy , they say , but also a regional giant ready to use its considerable firepower against civilians .
Whose interests do US soldiers in Iraq defend ?
If both these arguments are weak , they say , the real reason behind US support for Israel is domestic - the activities of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( Aipac ) , the Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ) , and like - minded groups and think tanks .
Mearsheimer and Walt do not talk of a " Jewish lobby " , as these groups do not speak for all US Jews and include many non-Jews , but of an " Israel lobby " , whose main aim , they say , is to convince America that its interests are aligned with those of the Israeli state .
The book analyses the lobby 's sources of influence - notably its financial muscle and the reluctance of critics to speak out .
Pro-Israeli contributions to US campaigns dwarf those of Arab - Americans or Muslim groups .
Like other interest groups , the Israel lobby also influences debate by rounding on politicians and commentators who take positions it does not like - but it does it particularly effectively , according to Mearsheimer and Walt .
Those who might think of questioning US support for Israel know they are in for a fight , making it more trouble than it is worth .
The resulting lack of discussion , the book says , has skewed US policies across the Middle East .
Most controversially , it argues that the lobby played an important role in the Iraq war .
No conspiracy
Perhaps not surprisingly , Mearsheimer and Walt have unleashed a torrent of criticism - though not from Aipac , which has made no comment .
For any anecdote they come up with , you can come up with an anecdote that demonstrates the opposite
Robert Lieberman
Columbia University
" Their conclusions are classic anti-Semitic canards - such as control of foreign policy against the interest of the US , the Jews controlling the media and getting America into war , " ADL director Abraham Foxman told the BBC News website .
After reading the original article , Mr Foxman wrote a book - length rebuttal entitled The Deadliest Lies : The Israel Lobby and The Myth of Jewish Control .
Many attacks have been highly personal .
In a fierce critique of their scholarship , Israeli historian Benny Morris wrote in the New Republic of the original article : " Were ' The Israel Lobby and US Foreign Policy ' an actual person , I would have to say that he did not have a single honest bone in his body . "
Virtually all reviews of the book in the mainstream US press have been negative .
" They have often misrepresented our arguments badly or tried to smear us by either saying or hinting that we are anti-Semitic , " Mr Walt told the BBC News website .
He and Mr Mearsheimer deny recycling old fantasies of Jewish conspiracies .
Their book repeatedly states that pro-Israeli lobbying is not secretive , but conforms to the open rules of America 's democratic system .
The authors regard their excoriation in the US press as a sign of the lobby 's effectiveness , and point out that reviews abroad have been much more favourable .
" This in some way confirms our basic argument that it 's much easier to talk about this subject outside the United States than we do inside the US , " he says .
Cause and effect
However , some of Mearsheimer and Walt 's US critics have been less vitriolic and harder to dismiss as angry polemic .
Robert Lieberman , a Columbia University political scientist , argues that they overstate the lobby 's financial power .
I have written articles in Haaretz that no American newspapers would touch
Tony Judt
But Mr Lieberman says the contributions involved are unlikely to make a difference and the book fails to establish a clear link between lobby money and victory .
Senate Minority leader Tom Daschle lost his seat in 2004 despite the fact that he got more pro-Israel funding than any candidate that year .
" For any anecdote they come up with , you can come up with an anecdote that demonstrates the opposite , " Mr Lieberman says .
Perhaps the most contentious argument in the book is the direct causal link it tries to establish between lobby activity and US Middle East policies .
But political preferences can be influenced by any number of factors , such as popular pressure , party politics or heartfelt conviction .
Although Mearsheimer and Walt do their best to discard those alternative explanations for the US pro-Israeli stance , many are unconvinced .
" Is this the manipulation of a tiny group , or is this politicians not wanting to take a stand that is unpopular with the broader public ? "
Walter Russell Mead , of the Council on Foreign Relations , told the BBC News website .
Mr Mead - who wrote a lengthy critique of the book in the journal Foreign Affairs - also says Mearsheimer and Walt give too vague a definition of the lobby to make any credible conclusion about its impact .
Opening up
The fact that the book invites criticism , however , is also a strength .
Its scholarly , dispassionate tone is meant to encourage a debate .
" Reasonable people can disagree and one of the reasons we want to have a discussion is to get issues out in the open so people can talk about them , " Mr Walt says .
Tony Judt - a prominent historian and critic of Israel - does not accept every point made by Mearsheimer and Walt , but he credits them with lifting a taboo .
The main effect of the lobby , he says , has been self - censorship .
" There are people out there who are anti-Semitic obviously , and you do n't want to find yourself in their company , so you end up saying nothing , " he says .
Mr Judt himself is not afraid to speak out , but he has to tread more carefully when he criticises Israeli policies in the US than he does in Israel itself .
" I have written articles in Haaretz that no American newspapers would touch , " he says .
In this context , he adds , Mearsheimer and Walt 's book is an " enormous act of intellectual courage " .
" They gained nothing from it , but the community has really gained something because with each little step like that , the conversation opens up a bit more . "
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - A happy heart just might be a healthier one as well , new research suggests .
In a study of nearly 3,000 healthy British adults , lead by Dr. Andrew Steptoe of University College London , found that those who reported upbeat moods had lower levels of cortisol -- a “ stress ” hormone that , when chronically elevated , may contribute to high blood pressure , abdominal obesity and dampened immune function , among other problems .
In the study , published in the American Journal of Epidemiology , women who reported more positive emotions had lower blood levels of two proteins that indicate widespread inflammation in the body .
Chronic inflammation is believed to contribute to a range of ills over time , including heart disease and cancer .
Researchers have long noted that happier people tend to be in better health than those who are persistently stressed , hostile or pessimistic .
But the reasons are still being studied .
One possibility is that happier people lead more healthful lifestyles , but not all studies have found this to be the case , explained Steptoe .
“ We have therefore been searching for more direct biological links between positive states and health , ” he told Reuters Health .
The current findings , according to Steptoe , add to evidence that happiness and other positive emotions are “ associated with biological responses that are health - protective . ”
The study , published in the American Journal , included 2,873 healthy men and women between the ages of 50 and 74 .
Over the course of one day , participants collected six samples of their saliva so that the researchers could measure their cortisol levels ; after taking each sample , participants recorded their current mood -- the extent to which they felt “ happy , excited or content . ”
On a separate day , the researchers measured participant ’s levels of C- reactive protein and interleukin 6 , two markers of inflammation in the body .
They found that men and women who reported happier moods had lower average cortisol levels over the course of the day -- even when factors such as age , weight , smoking and income were taken into account .
Among women , but not men , positive emotions were also related to lower levels of C- reactive protein and interleukin 6 .
The reason for the sex difference is not clear , according to the researchers .
Steptoe said the findings on cortisol confirm the results of earlier , smaller studies ; the results on C reactive protein and interleukin 6 , however , are new .
“ These findings suggest another biological process linking happiness with reduced biological vulnerability , ” he said .
But if happier people are healthier people , the more difficult question remains :
How do you become happier ?
“ What we do know , ” Steptoe noted , “ is that people ’s mood states are not just a matter of heredity , but depend on our social relationships and fulfillment in life . ”
“ We need to help people to recognize the things that make them feel good and truly satisfied with their lives , so that they spend more time doing these things . ”
SOURCE : American Journal of Epidemiology , January 1 , 2008 .
· Critics say move will help president 's media friends · Advisers study BBC model in drive to improve quality
Nicolas Sarkozy was accused yesterday of lining the pockets of his media tycoon friends and exerting a Berlusconi - style grip on the airwaves , after he announced a plan to ban advertising from public television and revolutionise French state TV along the lines of the BBC .
Sarkozy , who moves in a circle of wealthy television owners and press barons and counts " Télépresident " among his numerous nicknames , surprised even his own culture minister this week when he announced that adverts should be eliminated from France 's five state TV stations in the name of a " cultural revolution in public service television " .
The president , whose advisers have recently been studying the BBC model , announced that banning adverts would boost the quality of state programming as part of his promised new renaissance of French civilisation .
He also announced changes to the rolling news station , France 24 - the " French CNN " which Jacques Chirac launched to rival the BBC and American news channels .
France 24's English and Arabic channels would be scrapped because the president felt French views were better expressed in French .
The station would also be merged with France 's other international public channels .
Scrapping adverts from state TV would mean € 800 m ( £ 600 m ) in advertising revenue immediately transferring to private stations .
The government plans to tax those private stations to fund state TV .
But critics were quick to compare him to Italy 's former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi , who wielded formidable control over the media during his time in office .
The Socialist party fumed that the immediate beneficiaries of the shift in advertising would be Sarkozy 's own media tycoon friends .
Within minutes of Sarkozy making the announcement , shares in France 's biggest private TV station , TF1 , soared .
The station is owned by a close friend of Sarkozy , Martin Bouygues .
The socialist Ségolène Royal said : " It 's a great gift for Martin Bouygues , good friend of Sarkozy . "
" Happy new year Martin , " said one media analyst .
The row highlighted Sarkozy 's close links and shared lifestyle with media magnates .
Another potential beneficiary is Vincent Bolloré , the wealthy industrialist with interests in private TV who loaned his private jet to Sarkozy and his girlfriend , Carla Bruni , at Christmas .
While the French president does not own any media assets , his friends in high places and power over deferential media bosses have caused controversy over interference and favourable coverage .
Awkward stories have been pulled from newspapers owned by the president 's industrialist friends , or - in the case of Paris Match - an editor was sacked for displeasing Sarkozy before he became president .
Sarkozy has boasted of his power over state TV , suggesting during his campaign that , once in office , he could get station directors sacked .
The former socialist prime minister Laurent Fabius told the Nouvel Observateur yesterday that Sarkozy 's " Berlusconi - style use of the media has skewed the democratic system " .
He likened Sarkozy 's frequent appearances on TF1 and the state channel France 2 to " permanent propaganda " .
Denis Muzet , a media analyst , said freeing public TV from competing for advertising revenue would allow French state channels to stop producing " conformist , populist programmes " and improve cultural output .
Plans for 2008
· End France 's 35 - hour working week
· Introduce quotas on immigration
· Change the preamble to the French constitution to ensure gender and race equality
· Provide training for every youth living on a troubled housing estate
· Suspend cultivation of GM crops if scientists say " doubts persist " over their safety
· Find a new system to measure economic growth , taking into account quality - of - life factors , through a commission headed by Nobel economists Amartya Sen and Joseph Stiglitz
· Press for the G8 of nations to be transformed into the G13 , by adding countries such as Brazil , South Africa , India and China
WordPress MU , short for Multi - User , is a WordPress version that you probably have used without really knowing it .
Automattic ’s hosted blog service , WordPress.com , uses WordPress MU , although what you get when signing up with WordPress.com is pretty far from your basic WordPress MU install .
In other words , like most blog installs before plugins and nifty theming ’s been added .
Choosing MU
I choose to build this on WordPress MU for one simple reason : I wanted to be able to create a beta blog in a few seconds , and MU let ’s me do that .
Lately I ’ve been doing a lot of WordPress MU work for a national blog network that I ’ve founded .
All is not done , but it ’s launched over at pakten.se , if anyone ’s up for some Swedish .
The front page is one of the things on my todo - list by the way , so do n’t judge me too hard now , eh ?
Links to the seven ( as I ’m writing this ) blogs within the network is available in the top right , in the bar , if you want to click around .
I choose to build this on WordPress MU for one simple reason : I wanted to be able to create a beta blog in a few seconds , and MU let ’s me do that .
A Whole New WordPress World ?
Nope , it ’s not .
More or less every theme will work , and most of the plugins available .
If you ’re running a hosted WordPress installation , you can probably just move every extra little feature you ’ve incorporated there , into a WordPress MU blog .
However , MU does n’t have the ease that WordPress offers .
Installation is still simple , permalinks a breeze , but there are a few things to consider .
One being the fact that the MU community is small ( or very silent ) , and documentation is poor at best .
If you run into problems you ’ll soon find yourself in the MU forums , and that ’s far from the best way to find information .
Maybe I ’m spoiled with the WordPress Codex wiki , a place that ’s still valid since MU is basically WordPress for more users , but I thought twice before going with MU at all .
Yes , I know , it ’s opensource and everyone ’s participating for free , yadayada – I can relate to that , and understand it .
However , you wo n’t be having any users unless you offer decent documentation .
I most certainly know my way around WordPress , but if I had n’t I ’d never dared to give MU a shot on a public project .
Pros and Cons with Using MU
Remember , this is assuming we ’re using WordPress MU to power multiple blogs .
If you want to offer your visitors a free blog , then MU really is your only WordPress option , since installing a WordPress blog for each person that wants to blog is tedious and slow .
WordPress MU supports most themes and plugins , as I stated above .
It gets better , however .
You can put plugins in a mu-plugin directory ( much like you do with regular WordPress plugins in wp - content / plugins ) , and that means that they are automatically available and activated for all blogs .
Time saved for the multiple blogger .
Nice .
That ’s the good part .
The bad part is that it does n’t work with a lot of plugins , since no admin interface will show up , and if the plugin is manipulating the database , then forget about it .
You can still put plugins in wp - content / plugins , however , and activate them manually for each blog .
Just like you would if it was traditional stand - alone WordPress installs .
Themes are the same as with original WordPress , with the lone exception that you ’ll have to activate them for usage in MU Admin , a new tab for administrators in WordPress MU ’s admin interface .
So far so good , right ?
Sure , not every plugin can be activated in one place , but that ’s a small price to pay for just having to update the blogging software on one place , and the same goes for plugins and themes of course .
Time saved for the multiple blogger .
Nice .
Problems with MU
Yes , time saved indeed .
There are , however , quite a few problems that you ’ll have to overcome .
Like editing core files for allowing certain tags to be used in the Post and Page writing fields in admin .
Per default , you ca n’t even publish a YouTube video , since some of the tags the embed code uses get stripped away .
I found quite a few things that I wanted to allow , since I ’m in control of my own blogs – which was the whole purpose here .
Naturally , the not allowed tags are meant to protect the MU administrators when offering blogs for free , to anyone who wants ’em .
Still , editing wp - includes / kses.php ( where you ’ll set allowed tags and so on ) is n’t a small thing for someone not used to hacking som PHP .
Not very user friendly .
Another problem I ’ve had with MU is pinging , still unresolved .
Per default , MU pings pingomatic.com , which is fine .
I ’d like to add more services though , which is n’t possible in admin – I can just add that one .
As you might know , you can add just about how many you want in regular WordPress .
I have yet to find out how to add more ping services .
Unfortunately , the small MU community have n’t been very helpful yet – and this is a problem I ’d reckon could arise to quite a lot of people .
What little documentation there is does n’t help either .
In fact , with all the “ MU is just like WordPress so read the Codex ” references that are out there , I could see users get pretty confused about these things , since pinging several services is a standard feature in WordPress .
( Do you know where I should look or what I should do to ping multiple services in WordPress MU ?
Get in touch , please ! )
Final Verdict for Using MU to Power Multiple Blogs
I almost regret going with MU .
It lacks the polish of regular WordPress , and the community is a lot smaller .
I feel a lot more left out on my own here , than I did when I first ventured into WordPress .
However , the ease of which I can create blogs – allowing public creation or not – makes up for it .
Just having to update on blog system , on set of plugins , that also saves me time .
While I would n’t pick MovableType over original WordPress , the lack of support and help for MU makes me wonder if there ’s something better out there .
If you know your way around WordPress , and know a little about PHP , then WordPress MU is a good choice for powering multiple blogs .
Otherwise you ’ll have a hard time , or harder at least – MU is n’t as user friendly as original WordPress .
And by all means do n’t expect your fresh WordPress MU install to look and feel like sleek WordPress.com .
Then you ’ll cry …
Finally , they say MovableType OpenSource will support multiple blogs in one install .
It ’s just available as a nightly build still , and I have n’t had the time to check it out , but if that ’s true then WordPress MU is in for some serious competition .
While I would n’t pick MovableType over original WordPress , the lack of support and help for MU makes me wonder if there ’s something better out there .
Competition is good .
Users will be the great gainers here .
DARPA director Tony
Tether this morning revealed the names of the winning teams of his agency 's robot car race , the Urban Challenge .
Carnegie Mellon 's Tartan Racing
Team scored the first place prize of $ 2 million .
Stanford University 's Stanford Racing team came in second for $ 1 million , and Virginia Tech 's Victor Tango team won the third place prize of $ 500,000 .
After awarding the third - and second - place prizes , Tether told an anecdote about his college and graduate school days at Stanford University , presumably to add suspense to the occasion .
But by then the first place winner was obvious ; Carnegie Mellon was the only other team among yesterday 's top three finishers that had n't yet gotten a prize .
" That 's the first time I 've seen Red speechless , " Tether told the teams and spectators assembled on the finish line for the awards ceremony after he handed Tartan Racing team leader Red Whittaker his giant check .
" Give me the microphone , " Whittaker quipped .
Tether said at a press conference afterward that none of the winning teams had taken any demerits for traffic violations , and that the winners had all been selected based on their finishing times .
Asked what those times were , Tether replied that he did n't " have that data " with him .
He did say that Tartan came in as a clear winner , with Stanford finishing about 20 minutes later , and Victor Tango coming in about 20 minutes after that , after taking into account the teams ' different start times and the race 's off - the - clock pauses .
Tether said Tartan 's vehicle averaged about 14 miles per hour throughout the course , which covered about 55 miles .
Stanford averaged about 13 miles per hour , and Virginia Tech averaged a bit less than that .
In response to a question from the press , Tether said that MIT came in fourth place .
Tether could n't have been more pleased with the race , calling it a " fantastic accomplishment , " and saying that the technology for robotic vehicles was now just about ready for other companies and organizations to pick up the work in honing it further .
" DARPA is an interesting organization , " he said .
" We really never finish anything .
All we really do is show that it can be done .
We take the technical excuse off the table , to the point where other people can no longer say ' Hey this is a very interesting idea , but you know that you can't do it . '
I think that we 're close to that point , that it 's time for this technology to [ be furthered ] by somebody else . "
ALSO :
No one could fail to notice that most Christmas Cards today have nothing whatsoever to do with Christ or Christianity .
But did you know that Yuletide greeting cards were secular from their inception ?
Sanctimonious individuals may annually decry the deluge of cards and bewail the “ loss of religious spirit ” but the fact is that few of the customs we now associate with Christmas have anything at all to do with religious commemoration , and some of these customs are a good deal older than Christianity itself .
The date of Christ ’s birth is purely conjectural , there is no historical evidence that Christ was born on December 25 .
Mention of a December 25 celebration of Christ ’s birth first appeared around the year 353 , but it was n’t until 440 , more than four centuries after his actual birth , that the Church proclaimed that day as the official date for the festival .
Conveniently , December 25 already marked a holiday among many Europeans , the celebratory rite of the winter solstice , marking the beginning of lengthening days and the expectation of spring and rebirth .
Due to changes in the calendar , Christmas no longer falls exactly on the solstice .
As the celebration of a midwinter Christmas spread with Christianity , people in various cultures retained many of their pagan solstice customs and incorporated them in the Christmas rite .
At that time of year , the ancient Romans had exchanged gifts to mark the feast of Saturnalia .
Celtic and Teutonic tribes kept many customs of their 12 day Yule celebration .
Mistletoe , for instance , was prominent in midwinter Druid rites , and holly was similarly used by the Anglo - Saxons .
The evergreen tree had long been regarded as a symbol of survival by Scandinavian peoples , though the Christmas tree proper did not find its way to England until 1840 , introduced by Queen Victoria ’s German born husband , Albert .
By the middle of the nineteenth century , Christmas was being observed throughout the Christian world very much as it is today , with the notable absence of the Christmas Card .
The idea , if not the custom , of pictorial representations of seasonal greetings dates back to the Middle Ages .
An engraving by one “ Master E.S. ” depicting the infant Christ stepping from a flower has been dated to around 1466 , and is thought to be a copy of an even earlier design .
Similar works from the fifteenth century refer to both Christmas and New Year .
Calendars in the 17th and 18th centuries often carried Yuletide greetings , with domestic winter scenes , sailing ships , and red cheeked goddesses among the favored motifs .
Which brings us to the History of Christmas Cards .
As to the first legitimate “ Christmas Card , ” there is some controversy .
According to many accounts , the .idea of a Christmas greeting card sprang from the fertile brain of Sir Henry Cole , the first director of the Victoria and Albert Museum in London .
In 1843 , Cole commissioned John Collcott Horsley , a fashionable artist of the time , to design his first card .
Horsley was well known not only for his artwork , but for leadership of a campaign against the use of nude models by artists - work that earned him the nickname “ Clothes - Horsley ”
The artist ’s first card consisted of one unfolded sheet , oblong in shape , with a rustic bower forming a frame for three illustrations .
The central scene depicted a typical middle - class Victorian family gathered around a sumptuously laden table , drinking to the health of an absent friend - the card ’s recipient .
The card also showed a moralistic scene depicting a charitable soul feeding the hungry at Christmas .
The card also contained a representation of another good Samaritan clothing the naked - though Horsley , true to form , depicted the naked indigent as fully clothed .
Above the tableau , appeared the word “ To ” followed by a space for an inscription ; on the bottom of the card , the word “ From ” followed by a picture of an artist with a palette and the date “ Xmasse 1843 . ”
A banner stretching across the bottom of the central scene carried the greeting “ A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to you . ”
Christmas Cards have n’t changed much , have they ?
Horsley became the world ’s first Christmas Card sender when he presented Cole with a signed copy of his original design , bearing the brilliantly original inscription :
“ To his good friend Cole
Who ’s a merry young soul
And a merry young soul is he :
And may he be for many years to come !
Hooray ! ”
Cole had a thousand copies of the original card printed and issued by Summerby ’s Home Treasury Office .
Only a dozen are known to exist today .
Two of these can be found in the 70,000 - card Hallmark Historical Collection , the largest and most representative museum of greeting card art in existence .
Other accounts credit 16 year - old William Maw Egley with engraving the maiden Christmas Card one year before Cole and Horsley ’s collaboration .
Egley ’s card , which still exists , was remarkably similar to Horsley ’s , depicting a Christmas dinner party , skaters , dancers , and a moralistic scene showing the poor receiving Christmas gifts .
Egley ’s message was “ A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to you . ”
Initial reaction to the distribution of Christmas Cards was hardly favorable .
Some - critics claimed Horsley ’s card was too secular , and accused him of encouraging intemperance and alcoholism .
Others criticized the idea of cards as a foolish extravagance .
In fact , certain Protestant sects refused to condone the Christmas Card until the turn of the century .
But Yuletide cards caught on quickly among the general population , and within twenty years were well entrenched in Victorian Christmas celebrations .
At first , cards were generally not mailed or signed , but delivered by messenger with a calling card .
The penny post , introduced in England in 1840 , did much to popularize Yuletide greetings by mail ; and by the 1850 ’s , Christmas Cards began to appear on the European continent as well .
Victorian Christmas
Cards were considerably more elaborate than today ’s , often adorned with layers of lace , silk fringes , tassels , ribbons , dried flowers , satin , or mother of pearl .
Some were glass frosted .
One surviving Victorian card consisted of 750 pieces of material stitched together .
The favored motifs were , from the very beginning , secular .
Dolls and little girls were popular ; so were courting couples , feasts , animals , flowers , winter scenes , and moralistic drawings , with an occasional angel thrown in for a bit of religious spice .
In a sense , many cards were actually collages , for a drawing of a girl , for instance , a piece of satin might serve as a dress .
And the inscriptions were no less banal than most of the modern ilk .
Witness , for example , this gem : “ When snow lies at Christmas and Grandpa shivers - the children are bright ; they look forward to feeding the chickens in spring . ”
The Christmas Card first appeared in the United States in 1874 , brought out by Bavarian - born Boston lithographer Louis Prang .
Prang ’s card was designed by Mrs. O.E. Whitney , and based on an English card signed Charles Dickens that Prang had brought back from Europe .
At first , the cards were produced for export to England , since the custom of sending greeting cards at Christmas had yet to appear in America .
But Prang ’s cards , among the first to depict religious scenes , went on sale here the following year .
Christmas Card fever soon became a permanent American ailment .
Through the years , Christmas Card design has often changed to reflect the feeling of the times .
During the Depression , many cards spoofed poverty to make light of temporary hard times .
Santas carrying flags were popular during World War II , as were inscriptions such as “ Missing You ” and “ Across the Miles . ”
The Cold War years saw an increased demand for humorous cards .
Today , Christmas Cards are a multi million dollar industry in most English - speaking countries .
Hallmark Cards , the largest American greeting card company , boasts annual sales of $ 400 million .
In 1954 , Americans sent about 2 billion Christmas cards ; now , the yearly figure stands at close to 4 billion , for an average of twenty cards per person .
Of course , many Americans send considerably more than twenty cards .
One Werner Erhard of San Francisco sent 62,824 cards in a single year .
This is believed to be the largest outpouring of Christmas Card generosity in history .
Critics continue to lay the blame for an outlandish waste of time , money , and paper at the feet of overzealous Christmas Card senders .
The English magazine Punch hit it on the head when , in a 1900 editorial , it declared : “ We deprecate the absurd habit of Christmas Cards and presents .
I refer , of course , to those we have to give ! ”
In his State of the Union address last night , Bush boasted , “ We are grateful that there has not been another attack on our soil since 9/11 . ”
Except , of course , that ’s wrong .
I ’m not trying to play a cute semantics game ; I know what conservatives mean when they talk about “ terrorist attacks . ”
They ’re describing devastating , cataclysmic events that kill a lot of people at once .
I get it .
But about a month after 9/11 , someone sent weaponized anthrax to two Democratic senators and several news outlets .
Five Americans were killed and 17 more suffered serious illnesses .
For reasons that I ’ve never been able to explain , the incident — it ’s entirely reasonable to call it an “ attack ” — is hardly ever mentioned .
No one knows where the anthrax came from , who sent it , or why .
It was a horrifying incident , immediately on the heels of another horrifying incident , but more than six years later , it ’s almost as if the episode never happened .
After Yglesias noted that it seems as if the “ whole episode has been officially erased from the historical record or something , ” Atrios added :
And anthrax was what made things like “ mobile chemical weapons labs ” sound so scary .
Not everyone agrees , but I think more than 9/11 the anthrax freaked the country out .
9/11 was horrible , but the anthrax made it seem like we ’d reached a new era where some horrible creepy shit was going to happen every day .
And then it was all forgotten .
Quite right .
Every time I hear someone talk about the absence of 9/11 attacks , I twitch , wondering why the anthrax incident has somehow been downgraded in the national memory .
In January 1955 , Homer Jacobson , a chemistry professor at Brooklyn College , published a paper called “ Information , Reproduction and the Origin of Life ” in American Scientist , the journal of Sigma Xi , the scientific honor society .
In it , Dr. Jacobson speculated on the chemical qualities of earth in Hadean time , billions of years ago when the planet was beginning to cool down to the point where , as Dr. Jacobson put it , “ one could imagine a few hardy compounds could survive . ”
Nobody paid much attention to the paper at the time , he said in a telephone interview from his home in Tarrytown , N.Y .
But today it is winning Dr. Jacobson acclaim that he does not want — from creationists who cite it as proof that life could not have emerged on earth without divine intervention .
So after 52 years , he has retracted it .
The retraction came about when , on a whim , Dr. Jacobson ran a search for his name on Google .
At age 84 and after 20 years of retirement , “ I wanted to see , what have I done in all these many years ? ” he said .
“ It was vanity .
What can I tell you ? ”
In artist Olivo Barbieri 's photographs , the six - acre Roman Colosseum resembles an upside - down soda cap , Las Vegas and Rome look like model - train landscapes , and an 80,000 - ton boat seems as if a child could pluck it from the water .
To create this effect , Barbieri uses a tilt - frame camera to shift the plane of focus so that it is out of alignment with the film .
Normally , this allows wide - angle aerial views to be captured in proper perspective .
But used incorrectly , an optical illusion occurs .
We perceive the huge structures as miniature because of the blurring created by Barbieri 's overly shallow focus , says visual neuroscientist Ray Phinney of Wheaton College in Illinois .
" If you were actually looking at a model , your eye would be focusing at a short distance , so things closer and farther away would be blurred in a similar way , " he says .
Phinney adds that the naturally bright , washed - out look of the images cinches the trick — the loss of detail makes objects seem even more model - like .
Olivo Barbieri
Las Vegas | Olivo Barbieri
Disclaimer
This site is to be used for entertainment purposes or general information only , and does not constitute personalized professional financial advice .
Please contact one or more independent financial professionals for advice regarding your specific situation and needs .
In accordance with FTC guidelines , we state that we may have a financial relationship with companies mentioned in this website .
This may include affiliate relationships , and receiving access to products and / or services , or compensation , for the purposes of product and service reviews and giveaways .
Because things change quickly , we state that any references to third party products , rates , or websites are subject to change without notice .
We do our best to keep things up to date , but some information may have changed since it was published .
Please exercise due diligence before taking action on any third party offers .
Impeach Dick Cheney for War Crimes & Crimes Against The People !
Bring The Troops Home Now !
Thursday , Jan. 31 , 2008
10:00 am
Charlotte Chamber of Commerce
330 S. Tryon St
Charlotte , NC 28202
Vice President Dick Cheney will be in Charlotte tomorrow to give a speech at the Charlotte Chamber Of Commerce .
We will be there to demand Dick Cheney be impeached & held accountable for his lies , crimes , and war profiteering .
Bring signs , posters , puppets , friends , family , etc. Spread the word .
Info : Action Center For Justice
www.CharlotteAction.org
[ email protected ]
704-307-8262
Le Xiaomi Redmi Note 9 est à 155 euros chez eBay
Chez eBay , le Xiaomi Redmi Note 9 est en promotion .
Il est ainsi possible d'acheter ce smartphone pas cher à 155 ...
( Image : © NASA , ESA , A. Simon - Miller ( NASA Goddard Space Flight Center ) , A. SÃ¡nchez - Lavega , R. Hueso , and S. PÃ©rez - Hoyos ( University of the Basque Country ) , E. GarcÃ­a - Melendo ( Esteve Duran Observatory Foundation , Spain ) , and G. Orton ( Jet Propulsion Laboratory ) )
Hubble catches Jupiter changing its stripes .
High and low elevation clouds switch places , changing their shape and color as they do so .
Clouds on Jupiter have been caught swapping places , changing their shapes and colors as lower clouds move up and higher clouds sink .
Jupiter is wrapped in cloudy strips of yellows , browns and whites , created by winds at various latitudes blowing in different directions .
Propelled by speedy winds , the clouds whip around the planet at hundreds of miles per hour .
High elevation clouds reside in “ belt ” regions of the Jovian atmosphere .
Belt clouds are darker than those flying in the relatively low - elevation “ zone ” regions of the atmosphere .
The winds in belts and zones flow in opposite directions .
Between March 25 and June 5 , NASA ’s Hubble Space Telescope witnessed zones darkening into belts and belts lightening and transforming into zones .
Clouds rapidly changed shapes and sizes .
The images , released today , show a thin band of high - elevation clouds above Jupiter ’s equator sinking through the atmosphere and turning brown .
The clouds also morph from small squiggles into large wave - shaped features .
Below the equator , a giant tan - colored cloud shaped like an upside - down shark fin disappears , making way for numerous white swirls that take its place .
The transformation was caught by the space telescope ’s Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 .
Such global upheavals have been seen before , but not with Hubble ’s sharp resolution .
Scientists at The University of Arizona have added another piece of the puzzle of how the brain processes memory .
Bruce McNaughton , a professor of psychology and physiology , and his colleague David Euston have shown that , during sleep , the reactivated memories of real - time experiences are processed within the brain at a higher rate of speed .
That rate can be as much as six or seven times faster , and what McNaughton calls “ thought speed . ”
Memory stores patterns of activity in modular form in the brain ’s cortex .
Different modules in the cortex process different kinds of information – sounds , sights , tastes , smells , etc .
The cortex sends these networks of activity to a region called the hippocampus .
The hippocampus then creates and assigns a tag , a kind of temporary bar code , that is unique to every memory and sends that signal back to the cortex .
Each module in the cortex uses the tag to retrieve its own part of the activity .
A memory of having lunch , for example , would involve a number of modules , each of which might record where the diner sat , what was served , the noise level in the restaurant or the financial transaction to pay for the meal .
But while an actual dining experience might have taken up an hour of actual time , replaying the memory of it would only take 8 to 10 minutes .
The reason , McNaughton said , is that the speed of the consolidation process is n’t constrained by the real world physical laws that regulate activity in time and space .
The brain uses this biological trick because there is no way for all of its neurons to connect with and interact with every other neuron .
It is still an expensive task for the hippocampus to make all of those connections .
The retrieval tags the hippocampus generates are only temporary until the cortex can carry a given memory on its own .
“ It ’s a slow process , ” said McNaughton .
“ The initial creation of the tag is made through existing connections .
In order to do the rewiring necessary to have the intermodular connections carry the burden takes time .
What you have to do is reinstate those memories multiple times .
Every time you reinstate the memory , the modules make a little shift in the connection . . . something grows this way , grows that way , a connection gets made here , gets broken there .
And eventually , after you do this multiple times , then an optimal set of connections gets constructed , ” Mc Naughton said .
The brain is generally thought to do all of this during sleep , specifically slow - wave sleep , when the brain is not busy with processing real - time inputs .
McNaughton has developed the technology to record from multiple probes , each of which can track the activity of a dozen or more brain cells .
“ We need groups of cells because in order to identify a pattern , you have to look at the collected activity of many neurons , ” McNaughton said .
His previous research has show that cells that fired during activity prior to sleep , also fired in the same sequential patterns during sleep .
During sleep , the hippocampus sends little , 100 - millisecond bursts of activity to the cortex as much as three times per second .
What remains is finding an experiment that will enable researchers to demonstrate that changes in the memory reactivation process would affect memory consolidation but not damage the brain in the process .
“ The more practical point , I think , is that this methodology , the ability to measure how fast the brain is processing at the level of changing the state of the brain from one 10 - millisecond epoch to the next , how fast the internal state is sweeping through its memories or its allowable patterns is , I think , a model for thought speed , ” McNaughton said .
Knowing the determinants for the speed of thought , he said , might allow studies of the effects of drugs , developmental anomalies and the behavioral therapies that might improve them .
Source : University of Arizona
S.F . Zoo visitor saw 2 victims of tiger attack teasing lions SAN FRANCISCO ZOO TIGER ATTACK
She says teen who died was n't harassing animals , tells of 4th young man who was with victims before mauling
Grotto Wall Upgrade .
Chronicle graphic by John Blanchard Grotto Wall Upgrade .
Chronicle graphic by John Blanchard Image 1 of / 14 Caption Close S.F.
Zoo visitor saw 2 victims of tiger attack teasing lions 1 / 14 Back to Gallery
( Editor note :
This story is originally from 2008 , and was recently shared on Reddit . )
Two victims of a lethal Christmas Day tiger attack were harassing the big cats at the San Francisco Zoo shortly before a 350 - pound feline escaped its enclosure and mauled them , a woman told The Chronicle on Wednesday .
The revelation comes as the zoo reopens Wednesday , nine days after a visitor was killed and two of his friends were injured by the Siberian tiger , later shot dead by police .
Jennifer Miller , who was at the zoo with her husband and two children that ill - fated Christmas afternoon , said she saw four young men at the big - cat grottos - and three of them were teasing the lions a short time before the tiger 's bloody rampage that killed 17 - year - old Carlos Sousa Jr .
" The boys , especially the older one , were roaring at them .
He was taunting them , " the San Francisco woman said .
" They were trying to get that lion 's attention .
...
The lion was bristling , so I just said , ' Come on , let 's get out of here ' because my kids were disturbed by it . "
She said Sousa - whom she later recognized from his photo in the newspaper - was not heckling .
The Chronicle contacted Miller after learning that she and her family had seen the young men at the zoo Christmas Day .
Miller , who said she visits the zoo with her relatives every Christmas , said the young men stood out because she has seen mostly families there .
Although authorities have said Sousa was accompanied only by San Jose brothers Paul Dhaliwal , 19 , and Kulbir Dhaliwal , 23 , Miller said four young men were together when she came across them .
Mark Geragos , an attorney speaking on behalf of the Dhaliwals , angrily denied that his clients teased the animals .
He also accused the zoo administration and their newly hired crisis spokesman of " peddling unfounded rumors . "
" It 's unconscionable , " he said .
" They 're doing nothing but a calculated attack on these victims ... when in actuality the zoo security did n't do what they should have been doing after the attack . "
Geragos maintains that the brothers ran to the Terrace Cafe after Tatiana escaped and tried for more than 30 minutes to solicit help from zoo employees .
He dismissed reports of the victims throwing rocks at the tiger as " just not true . "
Miller called the behavior she witnessed by the victims " disturbing . "
Her family was looking at the lions when the young men stopped beside them at the big - cat grottos - five outdoor exhibits attached to the Lion House .
The young men started roaring at the lions and acting " boisterous " to get their attention , said Miller , who added that she watched the four for five minutes or so a little after 4 p.m .
" It was why we left , " she said .
" Their behavior was disturbing .
They kept doing it . "
Sousa refrained from such tactics , Miller said .
" He was n't roaring .
He was n't taunting them , " she recalled .
" He kept looking at me apologetically like , ' I 'm sorry , I know we are being stupid . ' "
When a friend told Miller about the attacks - first reported to 911 dispatchers at 5:07 p.m. - she called police the day after Christmas to tell them what she had seen .
She called back Wednesday because she was wondering why news accounts mentioned only three young men .
San Francisco police Inspector Valerie Matthews said investigators had talked to Miller on Wednesday but have n't been able to substantiate yet her account of a fourth person with the victims at the zoo .
Authorities have been unable to corroborate reports that the victims taunted the tigers , she said .
" I do n't know if what they did was any more than what kindergartners do at the zoo every day , " Matthews said .
She said taunting an animal at the zoo is a misdemeanor .
Zoo officials declined Wednesday to specifically say that they suspected taunting in the escape of the tiger .
" Something prompted our tiger to leap over the exhibit , " said Manuel Mollinedo , executive director of the zoo , in response to questions during a 13 - minute press conference attended by at least 40 media representatives on Wednesday .
Mollinedo said new " Protect the Animals " signs would ask patrons to leave the animals alone , and portable loudspeakers would remind visitors to leave promptly at the 5 p.m. closing time .
A hard - wired notification system is also in the offing to alert visitors to any escapes by the creatures that live there .
" Help make the zoo a safe environment , " the signs state .
" The magnificent animals in the zoo are wild and possess all their natural instincts .
You are a guest in their home .
Please remember they are sensitive and have feelings .
PLEASE do n't tap on glass , throw anything into exhibits , make excessive noise , tease or call out to them . "
At the news conference , Zoological Society Chairman Nick Podell lavishly praised the beleaguered Mollinedo , who took over at the zoo in February 2004 and was earning $ 314,038 a year plus $ 15,702 in benefits and a $ 9,548 expense account , according to zoo tax documents filed in November .
The society operates the zoo , although the land and animals are owned by the city .
Zoo officials said that over the next 30 days they will build a reinforced - glass barrier atop the tiger grotto's dry moat wall .
On Tuesday the zoo said the glass wall would be 4 to 5 feet high , bringing the wall height to at least 16.5 feet tall , roughly what is suggested by national standards .
However , on Wednesday the zoo said the wall would be at least 19 feet tall and feature viewing holes .
In the days after the fatal mauling , zoo officials gave five different estimates of the moat wall 's height before finally conceding the wall was only 12.5 feet tall - 4 feet shorter than national recommendations .
" It will put us in the top end of the spectrum for containment facilities , " Mollinedo said .
He remained vague on several other issues .
Although he said 20 patrons were at the zoo when the attack occurred , he did n't know how many staff people or security officers were present .
He said there will be more employees on duty in the future , although he was n't sure when that staffing increase would happen .
And he did n't know how much the proposed improvements would cost or where the money would come from .
" I 'll have to get back to you on that , " Mollinedo said more than once .
Mollinedo said his staff acted heroically after the attacks , although he could n't describe any specific instances .
However , zoo employees have told The Chronicle that they were among the first on the scene and led paramedics to Sousa 's body while the tiger was still roaming the grounds .
When the zoo reopens , the big cats will be inside the Lion House , which will be closed to the public .
Screened fences and barriers will surround the outdoor grotto and Terrace Cafe , sites of the attacks .
Patrons will be able to leave mementos and tributes at the main entrance to both Sousa and the 4 - year - old Tatiana , who had mangled her keeper 's arm a year earlier .
Also Wednesday , San Francisco police Sgt. Steve Mannina said investigators found an empty vodka bottle in the car that was used by the victims to go to the zoo on Christmas Day .
Inspectors have n't concluded the significance of the find , he added .
Mannina also said results of toxicological tests performed on Sousa , who was killed by the tiger , have not been returned yet .
Watch a video on the zoo 's plans to upgrade security at the big cat enclosures at sfgate.com .
Fox 's Chris Wallace : CNN debate made me ' even stupider ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday November 16 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Even Fox News was critical of the way CNN handled the most recent Democratic presidential candidates ' debate .
" I watched about the first hour of it and then I thought I was getting stupider , so I turned it off , " said Fox 's Chris Wallace .
" I should say 'even stupider . '
But that 's more a commentary on CNN than it is on the Democrats . "
" What is the reluctance to let one candidate engage another candidate ? " asked Shepard Smith .
" It seemed like there was a buzzer going to go off every time things got real .
" Fox , I have to say , I think we 're smarter . " replied Wallace .
" We let the guy talk for a minute , at the end of the minute the bell rings , and that 's it .
You 've got a minute and you can do with it what you want .
But instead we have Wolf Blitzer [ on CNN ] every 30 seconds going ' Okay , okay , okay . ' "
" And one time Dennis Kucinich actually yelled out , ' What about me ?
Hey , what about me ?
Ask me a question . '
It was the saddest thing I 've ever seen , " said Smith .
" And also Joe Biden at one point , " recalled Wallace .
" He 's trying to make his point and he keeps getting interrupted by Wolf Blitzer , and he says , ' Well , I know you do n't really want to get an answer from me . '
Just let the person talk ! "
The following video is from Fox 's Fox & Friends , broadcast on November 15 , 2007 .
It 's funny how things happen sometimes .
After the New Hampshire primary last Tuesday there were some suggestions that the Democratic primary might have been tampered with .
I have taken part in some discussions of this on and off the blog , and my basic take was that
Given the impossibility of getting my hands on disaggregated exit poll data and the observation that the exit polls matched the election results ( but see below ) , I decided not to give the issue any more thought .
That is , I ceased to take it seriously .
Update [ 2008-1-14 14:21:2 by Migeru ] :
It appears that Zogby has released some of his pre-election poll raw data allowing aggregation on the basis of whether the voter would have their vote counted by hand or machine .
However , the same has n't been done for the exit poll data , that I am aware .
Edison or whomever should do as Zogby has done to allow a precint - by - precinct comparison of exit polls ( not pre-election polls ) and vote counts .
However , supporters of both Ron Paul and Dennis Kucinich among other people did n't lay this to rest and started posting fragmentary statistical analyses of actual voting data .
These got more and more elaborate until , earlier today , Drew , who had nagging suspicions and so had been tracking what the blogosphere was saying about this issue , pointed me to a couple of websites that changed my mind , because they contain serious statistical analysis of the kind I suggest in 3 ) above , albeit performed only on the election data , not on exit polls .
But that is actually probably better as I 'll also discuss below it appears exit polls are normalised to match the actual results because their purpose is not to predict results , but to try to show how various socioeconomic variables correlate with vote patterns .
Now I think there is a high likelihood that the vote counts for Obama and Clinton were exchanged by Diebold voting machines .
Update [ 2008-1-14 14:21:2 by Migeru ] : However , I have tried to replicate the statistical results detailed below and I have not been able to ( see the comments for details ) , which casts some doubt on the " smoking guns " for fraud .
The correlation between Clinton / Obama vote swing and vote counting method is robust , but referring back to the intro , in point 3 ) I stressed the need for socioeconomic correlations to be studied and this has n't happened yet - the same point was made by Continuation in the blog post I linked to below .
Point 2 ) seems to be well established , but with the " smoking gun " gone , the likelihood of fraud goes down a notch .
The first indication that something might be amiss came in this comment by ThatBritGuy :
From a comment by " soros " at the big orange monster :
Thursday 1/10 : Bruce O'Dell writes : Theron Horton and I have confirmed that based on the official results on the New Hampshire Secretary of State web site , there is a remarkable relationship between Obama and Clinton votes , when you look at votes tabulated by op - scan versus votes tabulated by hand : Clinton Optical scan 91,717 52.95 %
Obama Optical scan 81,495 47.05 % Clinton Hand- counted 20,889 47.05 %
Obama Hand- counted 23,509 52.95 %
The percentages appear to be swapped .
This seems highly unusual .
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... TruthIsAll
Brad , the coincidence is even greater than that .
The numbers match to within .0001 % ! Optical Scan
Clinton 91,717 52.9507 %
Obama 81,495 47.0493 %
Total 173,212 Hand Counted
Clinton 20,889 47.0494 %
Obama 23,509 52.9506 %
Total 44,398
Then there is this other indication from the Election Defense Alliance
The coincidence is even more suspicious than it appears as the percentages match to 5 decimal places , as was discovered by a commenter on Brad Blog Let 's do a back of the envelope calculation ...
Let 's take the percentages " measured " from the optical scan ballots .
Suppose you have a biased coin with a head on each side , Clinton or Obama , and with a 52.9507 % probability of coming up Clinton and a 47.0493 % probability of coming up Obama .
Now take the total number of hand - counted votes .
Toss that coin 44,398 times .
What do you expect ?
Well , the expected number of Clintons is 44,398 * 0.529507 = 23509.1 which is exactly as observed for Obama , and the expected number of Obamas is 20888.9 which is also exactly as observed for Clinton .
Now , the expected variance of a coin toss will be 0.529507 * 0.470493 = 0.249129 , so the expected variance of 44,398 coin tosses is 11060.8 and the standard deviation is the square root of that , or 105.2 so you would expect the observed vote counts to deviate from the expected ones by about 100 votes in either direction .
The fact that they match to within 1 vote means that the match is too good to be true .
We 're talking as unlikely as a 3 - sigma deviation .
If you 're a teaching assistant and a student turns in a lab report with data of this quality you suspect them of doctoring their data to match the textbook answer and call them to your office for cross-examination .
So , these data contain not one but two red flags .
The first is that the vote percentages are exchanged , and the second , more subtle red flag , is that the vote counts are too god to be true .
Update [ 2008-1-15 13:23:36 by Migeru ] :
This is all well and good , but Drew and I downloaded the official ( but provisional ) vote counts and the list of precincts using optical - scan machines from the New Hampshire Secretary of State website and were not able to duplicate this uncanny coincidence .
Kudos to the stormy present who , in the comments , noted a 3 - 4 vote discrepancy in the vote totals between the Secretary of State 's county summaries and the EDA numbers quoted above .
The Election Defense Alliance has subsequently issued a correction :
EDA has subsequently learned that the list of hand - count voting districts in New Hampshire that it used in its initial analysis on January 10 , 2008 was outdated ; shortly after that list was downloaded a revised list was published by the New Hampshire Secretary of State with fourteen hand - count precincts converted to Diebold optical scan .
Now for the couple of links that I got from Drew that convinced me that something really is amiss by addressing my suggested tests in point 3 ) above the fold .
The first one is from " Brian " at Black Box Voting :
I wanted to do a quick statistical analysis of the results .
This is far from complete , but the results thus far do not contradict our initial suspicions .
First a very basic statistics primer .
We assume that our samples are subject to " noise " ( random variation ) .
Obviously the percent vote counts are not going to be the same in every precinct , so when we see what we think is a trend ( like Obama doing better in hand - counted precincts ) we ask , " what is the probability ( p ) of this apparent trend arising by chance ? "
If the probability is less than 5 % ( p < 0.05 ) we say that the result is " statistically significant . "
Ok , now the results .
First I ran a chi-squared contingency table tests with Yates correction .
for both the democrat and republican results .
...
Thus we can say with a high degree of certainty that there is a relationship between the counting method and the election results .
The probability of the aforementioned discrepancies occurring by chance is less than 1 in 100 billion .
This does not mean however that counting method causes different voting percentages , just that they are correlated .
It could be that something else ( e.g. , size of town ) causes both .
As a quick control I did the same chi-squared analysis , but looking at just whether people voted democrat or republican .
Below , the columns are machine counted , hand counted and the rows are republican , democrat .
...
That is , while the machine counted precincts tended to vote slightly more republican ( 54.9 % vs. 54.6 % ) this result was not significant ( p > 0.05 ) .
If one was cheating by vote substitution one would not want to change republican ballots to democratic or vice versa for obvious reasons .
It is interesting that the machine / hand counted precincts have such different results within each election , but are almost identical between the two elections .
The next question is whether other factors can explain the discrepancy .
This is very much a work in progress .
Preliminary results indicate that neither Obama 's nor Clinton 's percentages have a significant correlation with precinct size .
They both fit a line with slope zero .
This would suggest ( very preliminary ) that the trend of smaller precincts tending to use hand counts cannot explain the discrepancy .
Some people offered the explanation that smaller precincts tend not to use Diebold machines and also tend to favor Obama , for whatever sociological reasons .
As someone put the election data in computer - readable format on the web , and as I am slightly versed in statistical analysis using the R package , I decided to run some tests .
...
In hand - counted precincts , which make up 20.2 % of the votes , Obama gets 38.6 % and Clinton gets 34.9 % .
In Diebold - counted ones , Clinton makes 39.6 % and Obama gets 36.3 % .
This is the basis for the initial claims of vote rigging .
Claims which are countered by the observation that precincts where the votes are hand - counted are small , non-urban precincts .
Urbanity is , of course , a well - known factor affecting political choices .
...
Actually there is a very significant correlation at p < 0.002 between Clinton 's score and the precinct size , and an even better correlation between Clinton 's score and voting method , and yet a better correlation between precinct size and voting method .
We cannot say much more without going to multivariate statistics .
Fortunately , thanks to GNU R , mere mortals can benefit from multi-variate statistical modeling .
...
These cryptic lines mean that Hillary 's score can be computed by 38.59 % plus the Democratic size divided by 384911.5 ( which is 1/2.598e - 6 ) minus 4.64 percentage points whenever the voting method is by hand .
So it is estimated that voting method accounts for 4.64 percentage points of Hillary 's score .
How much variability does this linear formula remove from the data ?
The standard deviation ( on a precinct by precinct basis ) of Hillary 's score is about 7.8 percentage points .
...
Look at the t value !
As you can see , voting method explains a lot better than precinct size .
...
Now let 's think a little bit .
There could very well be a politically meaningful parameter correlated with voting method besides precinct size .
As Diebold has connections with Republicans , it could be that Republicans favor Diebold .
Could it be that the Republican to Democrat size ratio explains the voting method ?
I 'll spare you the R screen dump : the p-value of the correlation coefficient being 0.69 , the R to D size ratio does n't seem to explain anything .
PRESIDENTIAL PRIMARY - JANUARY 8 , 2008
Results of the Presidential Primary will be posted at the above link after tabulation is complete ( Wednesday , January 9 , 2008 )
Press Release Regarding Republican and Democratic Recounts
But the one that really blew my socks off was this other one from the blog Continuation So , after I told Drew that this Continuation guy had hit jackpot , he decided to forward a bunch of these links to the Kucinich campaign to help them with the recount effort .
Apparently Drew ended up on the phone with Kucinich , who would really appreciate having a detailed report of the statistical evidence before Monday ( US time ) .
And why , oh , why would Kucinich need as watertight as possible a report on so short a notice ?
Because , as you can see from the PDF press release linked to herethe New Hampshire Secretary of State is required to estimate the cost of a full recount , which would have to be paid by Kucinich ( at least for the Democratic recount ) .
Kucinich is not exactly swimming in cash , and also he 's sticking his neck out on this ( he effectively called a full recount on a limb ) and has some of his own credibility at stake if the recount ends up confirming the original result .
Here are a bunch of links to other blog posts , media sources and data sources that you are welcome to look at if you are so inclined .
I am personally going to go to sleep now and tomorrow I 'll run my own set of regressions to try to independently validate the evidence presented here .
So , if you have any suggestions on how best to do that , please put them in the comments .
And please poke as many holes into this as you can .
reddit [ precinct - level data used by Continuation ]
BlackBoxVoting Forums 1
BlackBoxVoting Forums 2
CheckTheVotes.com
The Boston Globe [ results by town ]
BlackBoxVoting Forums 3
New Hampshire Primary : postmortem [ hand - counted vs. machine - counted as function of precint size calculator ]
list of Accuvote - using NH precints
What the exit polls tell us [ Booman Tribune diary by dataguy ]
ET comment by Drew J Jones
MSNBC
Bradblog
BlackBoxVoting NH voting tables demographic data by town [ excel ]
UPDATE : See below for TSA 's response .
A scathing congressional report released Friday confirms that security flaws in a Transportation Security Administration site put thousands of Americans at risk of identity theft .
The report ( PDF ) also reveals that a no- bid contract to create the site was awarded to an outside company by a TSA employee who had previously worked for that company .
Was this just business as usual at TSA ?
CNET
In October 2006 , the TSA launched a Web site to help travelers whose names were erroneously listed on airline watch lists .
This site had a number of security vulnerabilities : it was not hosted on a government domain ; its home page was not encrypted ; one of its data submission pages was not encrypted ; and its encrypted pages were not properly certified .
Furthermore , the site was filled with typos and other errors , causing some to wonder whether TSA 's site had been taken over by phishers .
The report notes that TSA 's chief information security officer conducted a detailed security accreditation review of the traveler redress site before it went live .
He / she did not notice any of the glaring holes that I highlighted in my initial blog post on the subject .
The report does not note whether the chief information security officer was ever punished for this failure to detect obvious flaws .
For the four months that the site was up , thousands of people visited it , and 247 travelers submitted highly personal information ( including their Social Security number and place of birth ) through an insecure , non-SSL encrypted form .
TSA 's lax security practices resulted in thousands of Americans being put at a direct risk of identity theft .
The site was only taken down after I discovered it in February 2007 and posted something to my blog .
Shortly after , Wired and a number of other sites picked up the story , and TSA was shamed into pulling down the site .
In addition to noting the security problems on the site , I also expressed significant skepticism regarding Desyne Web Services , the Virginia - based Web site design firm that was running and operating the site .
In my original blog post , I wrote :
" This begs the question : Who are these guys , why do n't they know how to use SSL and how were they awarded this sweet contract ?
Why ca n't TSA do a simple form submission themselves ? "
My initial concern seems to be well founded , as the newly released report reveals .
The TSA official in charge of the project awarded the contract -- without competition -- to one of his former employers , a company owned by one of his high school buddies .
Proving that this is just business as usual for TSA , the report notes that " neither Desyne nor the technical lead on the traveler redress
Web site have been sanctioned by TSA for their roles in the deployment of an insecure Web site .
TSA continues to pay Desyne to host and maintain two major Web - based information systems .
TSA has taken no steps to discipline the technical lead , who still holds a senior program management position at TSA . "
UPDATE : When reached for comment , TSA spokesman Christopher White stated that " every issue that the committee brought up has been addressed many months ago .
We are not interested in rehashing last year 's issues . "
When asked whether TSA is concerned with the ethical concerns that surrounded the no-bid sweetheart contract , he stated that there are " no ethical issues ( to be ) brought up .
We hold ourselves to very high ethical standards .
It is useless for the American public to rehash this old garbage that does n't exist today . "
He also stated that " many many months ago , when this was a legitimate issue , TSA did notify each person who may have been affected . "
However , he said , TSA " did not offer to pay for credit monitoring " for those passengers .
He stressed that , " we have absolutely no indication that anyone 's identity has been misused as a result of this incident . "
White could not immediately answer questions related to the complete lack of sanctions for the TSA employee managing the contract and promised to get back to me after looking into the issue .
For those readers who are not aware , the FBI conducted a 2 a .m. raid of my home back in October 2006 , after I created a Web site demonstrating the ease with which passengers could create fake boarding passes .
After the FBI dropped its investigation , the TSA investigated me for six months and threatened me with tens of thousands of dollars in civil fines .
No charges were ever filed .
I discovered the initial security flaws in TSA 's redress Web site , and the congressional investigation is a direct result of a blog post that I wrote in February 2007 .
I 'd be lying if I said that I was n't grinning from ear to ear with the news of this report .
It 's poetic justice , if you will , for the unpleasantness that TSA put me through .
Desyne , the firm that created the Web site , could not be immediately reached for comment .
Almost a quarter of Norway 's companies have failed to comply with a controversial law requiring them to increase the proportion of women on their boards to 40 % , according to government figures .
If they do not promote more women , they could be shut down .
Norway 's 487 public limited companies , including 175 firms listed on the Oslo stock exchange , have until the end of the year on Monday to implement a 2003 act that requires firms to boost the number of female directors .
The law , which introduced quotas , has been effective in raising the number of women board members at listed companies from 6 % in 2001 to 37 % .
Norway now boasts the highest proportion of women on boards in the world .
Sweden comes second with 19 % ; the US has around 15 % .
In the UK , only 11 % of directors were female in 2007 .
The Norwegian government hailed the numbers as proof that quotas work .
" This trend would not have happened without regulation , " said the gender equality minister , Manuela Ramin - Osmundsen .
" Business organisations have tried for 20 years to boost the number of women on boards , but they have been unsuccessful . "
When asked whether the government would really shut down companies that do not comply , Ramin - Osmundsen said : " The law is clear - we will enforce the procedures .
These have existed for 30 years .
They have not come out of nowhere . "
Many of the 111 companies yet to comply with the law are in the financial , IT and oil and gas sectors , according to Marit Hoel , head of the Centre for Corporate Diversity .
Among affected companies listed on the Oslo bourse , fewer than five have yet to name a single woman .
One of them is DNO , a petroleum company that was the first to explore for oil in Iraq 's Kurdish region after the war .
The quota law was the brainchild of an unlikely feminist : a 52 - year - old Conservative trade and industry secretary and former businessman , Ansgar Gabrielsen , who served in a previous cabinet .
Gabrielsen 's focus was less about gender equality and more about " the fact that diversity is a value in itself , that it creates wealth .
" I could not see why , after 25 - 30 years of having an equal ratio of women and men in universities and with having so many educated women with experience , there were so few of them on boards , " he said .
" From my time in the business world , I saw how board members were picked : they come from the same small circle of people .
They go hunting and fishing together .
They 're buddies . "
Outside business , Norwegian women have been successful in reaching top positions .
In politics a third of the country 's MPs and half of the 18 cabinet ministers are women .
When the bill was announced four years ago , it immediately sparked protest in the business community , with critics arguing that it was too harsh to close a company because its board was one woman short .
" We are still opposed to the principle of the law , as we believe it is the right of company owners to choose , " said Sigrun Vågeng at the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise ( NHO ) .
NHO is no longer campaigning against the law but wants the state to impose fines , rather than closures , as a penalty .
It has also set up a training and networking programme that puts female board candidates in touch with company owners .
Since the law was passed in 2003 , company owners have led a frantic hunt to find suitable female candidates .
" I am frequently contacted by headhunters , " said Mari Thjomoe , 45 , a chief financial officer at an insurance company .
" I 've had five or six invitations to join boards in the last year , and one or two the year before . "
The multi - faith prayer rooms that are n’t
A porter at a Manchester children ’s hospital has been questioned by police on suspicion of “ religiously aggravated assault ” after a row in the hospital 's prayer room .
Joseph Protano , 54 , is a devout Catholic who works at the Royal Manchester Children 's Hospital , Pendlebury .
He was released without charge by the police but is suspended from his job pending enquiries by the authorities .
The incident centres on a supposedly “ multi - faith prayer room ” , which three Muslims were using when Mr Protano entered .
He asked them to remove a cloth covering from the crucifix .
This request resulted in an argument and Mr Protano ’s subsequent interrogation by the polce and suspension from his job .
Mr Protano said he was unable to comment due to the ongoing police investigation and an internal hospital inquiry , but a friend told the Manchester Evening News that Mr Protano denied assaulting anyone .
“ He was shaking like a leaf and spent four hours at the police station . ”
The friend said : " Joe goes into the prayer room about six times a day to check the statues in there have not been left covered .
He is a Christian , but he also thinks it could be upsetting for visiting parents who want to say a prayer to find the statues covered .
He went into the room and there were three adult Muslims already in there .
Two were visitors and one was a member of staff .
He walked in and said ‘ please do n’t cover up the statues ’ .
He was only in the room for 30 seconds .
There was a statue of a crucifix and one of Our Lady cradling the baby Jesus .
They had been covered with a curtain .
Also a picture of Our Lady had been placed face down on a table .
Joe uncovered the statues , turned the picture up the right way and left .
" Almost immediately the three people in the room followed him outside and there was a confrontation in the corridor .
It is alleged Joe assaulted one or more of them but he denies it completely .
He says they were verbally abusing him .
There are witnesses to what happened who can verify Joe 's account . "
Mr Protano has worked at the hospital for two years and will be represented by his union if the hospital takes disciplinary action .
Meanwhile , staff in the hospital are up in arms about the treatment of Mr Protano , which they consider unfair .
Police plan to interview several witnesses and the complainants before taking any further action .
This is the latest in a series of interests where competing religions have clashed in the workplace .
In October a Manchester airport worker was suspended after he hung an image of Jesus on a staffroom wall .
Car parks supervisor Gareth Langmead , who is Catholic , was sent home after a Muslim colleague complained .
He was suspended for three days while airport chiefs investigated the complaint then reinstated him without a blemish on his record .
The NSS has already reported on another case in which a Pagan clashed with Muslims over the use of a prayer room – with catastrophic financial consequences for all concerned
All over the world , what started out as multi - faith prayer rooms are becoming de facto mosques .
See this story from the United States
Terry Sanderson , President of the National Secular Society , said : “ These incidents illustrate that the idea of multi - faith prayer rooms is asking for trouble .
Too often the ‘ faiths ’ will not worship together .
The answer is to get rid of them all from workplaces , colleges and other secular spaces and leave worship for church , temple , mosque and home .
I predict that the proliferation of prayer rooms is going to provide an increasing focus for conflict . ”
21 December 2007
The Contradictions Inherent in American Conservatism By - February 24 , 2004 American conservatives are surely a very frustrated group , because despite their seeming political success , they fail to achieve their goals .
There is a very good reason for this ; it 's because both the Republican Party , and their own newfound ideology , are at odds with their own goals .
It is impossible for American conservatives to reach their goals while supporting the things that they support .
To understand the modern American conservative movement requires understanding the history of the 20th century , and even the 19th century .
Prior to the rise of Marxism , Christian groups made up some of the strongest opponents to laissez - faire capitalism and big business , i.e. " Wall Street . "
Wealthy businessmen were seen by Christians as immoral and greedy .
In fact there was a significant element of anti-Semitism involved in Christian criticism of big business as well .
1902 Political Cartoon referring to child labor A book titled Looking Backward was published in 1888 by Christian Socialist Edward Bellamy .
It became a national best seller and was the 3rd most popular book of the 19th century overall .
Many early 20th century economists called Looking Backward the most influential American book on economics , despite the fact that it was a work of fiction .
In Looking Backward the main character wakes up in America in the year 2000 when America has become a " socialist paradise , " where everyone is an equal share holder in the nation 's corporations and everyone retires at age 45 .
The Society of Christian Socialists was organized in Boston in 1889 .
The society proclaimed that : " ... economic rights and powers were gifts of God , not for the receiver 's use only , but for the benefit of all .
All social , political and industrial relations should be based on the Fatherhood of God and the Brotherhood of Man , in the spirit of the teachings of Jesus Christ .
Capitalism was not based on Christian love but on a selfish individualism . "
Many American Christian groups called for an increased morality to our economic system and in fact promoted communal economic systems and supported various forms of Christian based socialism .
The Amish are a classic example of one of the enduring Christian American groups who followed a strict anti-capitalistic and anti-modern ideology .
When America entered the 20th century about 40 percent of Americans were still farmers and the majority of Americans still lived in small towns .
Christian groups often identified strongly with small town values and opposed the " fat greedy capitalists of the east coast . "
With the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917 though , something changed .
The Communists had declared war on two things primarily , capitalism and religion .
This threat created a common enemy for both big business and Christians and led to a new and powerful alliance between religion and high finance , the likes of which had never been seen before in America .
Businessmen began to court Christianity in order to use moral appeals against " atheistic socialists and communists " as a means to build support for their interests , and in this process business leaders began establishing serious relationships with church leaders .
Financial support of the Christian community by wealthy businessmen grew .
Both businessmen and Christians knew that they had a common enemy and they knew that together they could better meet the challenge of facing that common enemy .
Prior to the Bolshevik Revolution the Republican Party was in many ways the most progressive party in America .
Lincoln of course was far more progressive than his Democratic opponents .
After the Civil War northern liberals , such as agnostic Robert Ingersoll , campaigned strongly for the Republican Party and Teddy Roosevelt ran one of the most progressive presidencies in American history .
During the Great Depression the Republican Party lost tremendous ground .
Republicans lost major ground politically due to their ties to big business and what was seen as their contribution to the depression .
As black Americans moved to the Democratic Party during the FDR administration , and Eleanor Roosevelt promoted liberal social issues such as a progressive women 's agenda and social equality , Republicans courted " social conservatives " , i.e. bigots , to pick up votes .
Emerging from World War II , and with the death of FDR after his 12 years in office , the Republican Party and conservatives began a new struggle for political power .
Prior to the FDR administration most social conservatives sided with the Democratic Party , but due to FDR 's social progressiveness more and more conservatives changed sides to the Republican Party , who began courting the South , where racial tensions were high and conservative Democrats felt betrayed by the Democratic Party , which had been the traditional Southern Party since the Civil War when it was Democrats who favored the preservation of slavery .
The Democratic Party had traditionally been the party of the white American worker , and in the South that meant being the party that most represented the interests of farmers .
After World War II
Republicans were still the party of big business , and still the party which most represented corporate interests and the American wealthy elite .
With the rising anti-communist atmosphere in America the cooperation between religious groups and big business against the common enemy of godless communism continued to grow strongly again .
United by the common enemy , these strange bedfellows developed throughout the latter half of the 20th century into one of the most powerful political forces in the United States , but as we will see , this alliance is founded on an impossible ideological split and only occurred because of the threat of a common enemy .
It is impossible that true American conservatives can have their agenda satisfied by an alliance with big business because big business is , by definition , anti-conservative .
Corporate America has used the anti-communist sentiment of American conservatives and Christians to support their own cause and the result has been the deepest corruption of politics , religious groups and private industry in American history .
What are the things that American conservatives value and want politically ?
They favor " small town values . "
Conservatives are strongest in rural and suburban areas and are typically unhappy with places like New York City , Miami , Los Angeles , Hollywood , etc. American conservatives today are also the " champions " of " free - market capitalism . "
This presents an interesting contradiction though because New York City can certainly be said to be the " capital of capitalism . "
New York City is the poster boy of capitalism , yet ask ten men in an Alabama barber shop what they think of New York City and I 'll bet that you get ten negative answers , though possibly the new patriotism associated with New York due to 9/11 may have altered this attitude recently .
Big business and small towns have very little in common .
How is it then that the champions of small town values can be the strongest supporters of big city business ?
Who has been sending American jobs to China and Mexico ?
Who supported NAFTA ?
Its big business , largely with the aid of the Republican Party .
How can people who complain about the loss of small town jobs and the corruption of big cities ally themselves with the very instruments of the demise of the way of life that they champion ?
Who has supported lax immigration rules to allow more foreign immigrants into the US , another thing that conservatives typically oppose ?
It has been big business and the Republican Party .
Corporations like the cheaper labor provided by immigrants and thus support laws that bolster immigration .
Who is supporting factory farming , genetically manufactured foods , and corporate farms that put family farmers out of business ?
It 's big business , and it is capitalism itself that is driving these changes .
Meanwhile , as large corporate farms are driving family farms out of business , the Republican Party has fooled so - called " conservatives " once again into supporting the repeal of inheritance taxes , called " death - taxes " by those campaigning against them .
They have fabricated stories about how the so - called " death taxes " put family farms out of business , while in fact not one single case has ever been documented of this happening .
It is in fact large corporate farms that drive family farms out of business , and then the Republicans , acting in the interests of the wealthy elite , shift the blame onto a tax that only impacts the very wealthiest of Americans , manipulating conservatives , once again , to vote against their own interests , and against one of the oldest taxes in American history , as President Teddy Roosevelt made clear : " … the National Government should impose a graduated inheritance tax , and , if possible , a graduated income tax .
The man of great wealth owes a peculiar obligation to the State , because he derives special advantages from the mere existence of government .
Not only should he recognize this obligation in the way he leads his daily life and in the way he earns and spends his money , but it should also be recognized by the way in which he pays for the protection the State gives him . "
" This object can be attained by making the tax very small on moderate amounts of property left ; because the prime object should be to put a constantly increasing burden on the inheritance of those swollen fortunes which it is certainly of no benefit to this country to perpetuate . "
" This species of tax has again and again been imposed , although only temporarily , by the National Government .
It was first imposed by the act of July 6 , 1797 , when the makers of the Constitution were alive and at the head of affairs .
It was a graduated tax ; though small in amount , the rate was increased with the amount left to any individual , exceptions being made in the case of certain close kin .
A similar tax was again imposed by the act of July 1 , 1862 ; a minimum sum of one thousand dollars in personal property being excepted from taxation , the tax then becoming progressive according to the remoteness of kin .
The war - revenue act of June 13 , 1898 , provided for an inheritance tax on any sum exceeding the value of ten thousand dollars , the rate of the tax increasing both in accordance with the amounts left and in accordance with the legatee 's remoteness of kin . "
- President Theodore Roosevelt , 1906 Capitalism by its very nature brings change to society .
Change in American society is driven by capitalism , and yet the strongest defenders of capitalism are the people who want the least change in society .
This is the irreconcilable difference that makes the alliance between big business and Christian conservatism impossible to maintain .
Without a " common enemy " this alliance is sure to break apart , the Republicans and corporations know this , and thus they constantly look for " new threats . "
The only reason it has lasted as long as it has is due to the common enemy of godless communism , and now that that threat is largely gone new threats have to be pointed out and amplified .
There is nothing truly " conservative " about the Republican Party , capitalism , or big business .
Capitalism is the vehicle for economic and social change .
Capitalism is , and always has been , the driving force of change in American society .
There was economic conflict between the industrial North and the agricultural slave South , which led to the South 's eventual decision to break from the liberal and industrial North to " conserve " its old way of life .
It was the Industrial Revolution that caused millions of Americans to move out of the small towns and into the cities , where prostitution , gambling , racketeering , and organized crime expanded .
It is currently capitalism and the drive for profits that drives the permeating commercialism , materialism , and sexuality of American culture .
It is really impossible to defend free - market capitalism and " conservatism " at the same time .
Free - market capitalism is by definition amoral ( not to be confused with immoral ) .
A society that is purely profit driven is the exemplification of capitalist society .
In what way can Christian conservatives support such a society , which , almost by definition , would be anti-Christian ?
The ultimate example of this is how the Religious Right has adopted the corporate anti-environmental agenda .
In what way can anyone be " conservative " and against " conservation ? "
You can't claim to cherish rural areas and the untouched wilderness and also be opposed to protecting the environment .
In addition , how can a group of people who claim to cherish the earth as part of God 's creation also support big business and oil companies in their attacks on natural resources and destruction of habitats ?
Do Christian conservatives want all of America to be turned into big cities with strip malls ?
In what way is that " conservative ? "
Where do conservatives plan to hunt and fish if the woodlands are opened up to logging , and the fisheries are polluted ?
On CNN Christian " Conservative " Jerry Falwell stated : " The whole [ global warming ] thing is created to destroy America 's free enterprise system and our economic stability , " and later added , " I urge everyone to go out and buy an SUV today . "
Do n't Christian conservatives realize that big business is behind the expansion of chain restaurants and department stores like Wal - Mart , that have put thousands of small business owners out of business and literally shut down Main Streets in small towns across America ?
I do n't understand how this is " conservative . "
The recent news about the possible acquisition of Walt Disney Corp. by Comcast generated interesting responses as well .
The LA Times reported comments from Disney fans such as this : " Disney represents the cultural fabric of this country .
It 's more than just an investment .
It established a standard of family entertainment and quality and a lot of people who evaluate the Disney performance determined the company had lost its direction , but the sellout to Comcast would be going from bad to worse ...
The Walt Disney Co's an American institution .
Selling it would be un-American .
Old Walt must be spinning in his grave today . "
This person feels that Walt Disney Corp is " the cultural fabric of this country , " and that selling Disney would be " un-American . "
I have no idea if this person is conservative or not , but I find it interesting that in a predominately Christian nation a company , which has had from its very inception the goal of providing a secular alternative to Christian morality , would be seen as the moral backbone of what many people still call " a Christian nation . "
Furthermore , Disney is a corporation , whose goal is profits .
Like Coca - Cola , Disney is a success because it has used a permeating propaganda campaign that impacts children from the earliest ages to form an " emotional bond " to the company 's " product . "
The fact that Americans believe that a company can represent " the moral fabric of this country " is , in my opinion , a little distressing .
Disney 's goal , like every company , is to make profits , not provide moral direction .
Morality play is just another means of building a relationship with customers ; it 's all about the money though .
" We have no obligation to make art .
We have no obligation to make a statement .
To make money is our only objective . "
- Michael Eisner , CEO Walt Disney Company
The TV station Nickelodeon is another example .
Nickelodeon 's parent company is MTV , and this " children 's " programming channel seems nothing more than a means to hook children on consumerism and the same types of imagery that parent company MTV uses .
In other words , Nickelodeon seems to be designed to transition children to MTV viewership - an excellent marketing strategy ; sublime capitalism .
It is through support of corporate America , and unrestrained capitalism , that the Religious Right helps to empower companies like Disney and MTV , and companies that send American jobs to " communist " China .
Check your " I love America " memorabilia , be it a flag , t- shirt , sticker , or something else , its most likely made in China …
Rather ironic do n't you think ?
Again and again Christian " conservatives " seem to be coming out in defense of the most corrupt elements of American society , of widespread corporate corruption and increasing assaults on the environment and small businesses .
Here is a clue : abortion is here to stay .
Conservatives can vote for Republicans forever , but abortion is going nowhere .
Do n't conservatives realize that Republicans use the abortion issue to string them along to get votes that are used instead to support corporate corruption and economic policy that promotes an ever more competitive and exploitive marketplace , where violent video games , porn , and sexual music continue to thrive because , guess what , it makes money !
The Christian conservatives are used and abused by corporate America to get support for its exploitive policies that the rest of the country refuses to back .
The Christian Right should n't really want to back these policies either , but they have been duped into doing so .
How can Christian " conservatives " continue to vote in a way that primarily supports Wall Street and the wealthiest Americans when according to the Bible Jesus Christ said that " the meek shall inherit the earth , " and " I tell you the truth , it will be hard for a rich person to enter the kingdom of heaven .
Yes , I tell you that it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich person to enter the kingdom of God . "
Furthermore , while people keep talking of the fiscal irresponsibility of " liberals , " it has been Republicans who have been some of the biggest federal spenders in the past 30 years .
The presidencies of Ronald Regan and George W. Bush have seen the largest expansions of the federal government since the days of FDR , and the largest deficits since that time as well .
Key : Green = federal taxes collected ; Red = unemployment rate ;
Blue = budget deficit Christian conservatives are never going to achieve any true political success in America because they have formed a political and ideological alliance with a group that stands for the opposite of conservative goals , and its all about the money .
Conservatives oppose social change , but the group they are allied with is the main group that is causing the types of social changes that they oppose , so they just continue to get frustrated and can't figure out why all of this political effort that they have put in for the past 20 years seems to be going nowhere .
Conservatives may " win issues " , they may be successful in getting various measures passed , but these measures do n't have the impact on society that the conservatives are hoping for .
Its for a very obvious reason , its because the group they are allied with has ended up working against them at every turn .
Sure , they keep pointing the finger back at " the liberals , " but all you have to do is follow the money trail .
The money trail leads straight to corporate America , who walked off with the piggy bank , while the Christian " conservatives " stood guard .
For further reading see : Understanding Capitalism Part IV - Capitalism and Culture Assessing the Vote and the Roots of American Political Divide GOP Corporate Donors Cash in on Smut
PRESS RELEASE
A $ 3 Trillion Bankruptcy Will
Now Start To Emerge
Jan. 11 , 2008 ( EIRNS ) —
An experienced European banker told EIR this morning that " the problems of 2008 are of a completely different order of magnitude than those we saw in 2007 . "
We have entered a period now , he explained , in which large banks and financial firms are opening their books to external auditors , after having announced losses for the fourth quarter of 2007 according to their own internal surveys .
But these external audits are now finding different values than those previously announced .
( Surprise , surprise ! —ed . )
Thus , said the banker , we might expect a whole series of aggravated balance sheets , including legal bankruptcies of banks and financial companies .
Whereas the losses officially calculated by central banks are already tremendous , in the order of hundreds of billions of dollars , the real write - off concerns some $ 3 trillion , the source said .
That is what is starting to emerge now .
Take this as the real context for the reports and rumors of $ 40 billion or so in " new " losses , swirling in recent days around just two financial firms , Citigroup and Merrill Lynch .
As America marks the first anniversary of the troop escalation in Iraq , at least one thing has become clear .
Although the “ surge ” is failing as policy , it seems to be succeeding as propaganda .
Even as George W. Bush continues to bump and scrape along the bottom of public approval , significantly more people now believe we are “ winning ” the war .
What winning really means and whether that vague impression can be sustained are questions that the war ’s proponents would prefer not to answer for the moment .
Their objective during this election year is simply to reduce public pressure for withdrawal , which is still the choice of an overwhelming majority of voters .
So long as the surge appears to be working , political space is created for the Republican candidates who support the war — especially Sen .
John McCain , the hawk ’s hawk , who said recently that he might keep U.S. soldiers in Iraq for “ a hundred years . ”
Although that remark was not well received in the Arab world , Arabs may take comfort in the fact that no matter how determined the Arizona senator is to fulfill that threat , he is unlikely to do so since he is already over 70 years old .
But the revival of McCain ’s moribund candidacy over the past few weeks would have been impossible without the media ’s endorsement of “ progress ” in Iraq .
Indeed , war propaganda itself has surged lately on the strength of casualty statistics from December 2007 .
Consider the work of William Kristol , who played an important role in selling the war as editor of The Weekly Standard and on the Fox News Channel .
From his new perch on The New York Times Op - Ed page — proof that being hideously wrong is no obstacle to scaling the heights of American punditry — he proclaims that “ we have been able to turn around the situation in Iraq ” and achieve “ real success . ”
According to Kristol , who once mocked concerns about religious strife in Iraq as “ pop sociology , ” the drop in violence last month marked the lowest overall number of deaths for both civilians and military forces since the war began in March 2003 .
Declining casualties for a month or two means progress , which , in turn , means that the war must continue , and that the president ’s policy is correct .
What has fallen far more sharply than the casualty statistics in Iraq is the standard for success there , as defined by neoconservatives like Mr. Kristol .
In the original promotional literature produced by these individuals and their associates , and recited by the president , this war was supposed to remake the Middle East into a showcase for democracy , with ruinous consequences for our terrorist enemies and cheaper oil for us — and all for free because the Iraqi petroleum industry would cover all the costs .
When that happy future never arrived , to put it mildly , the war ’s proponents scrambled to reduce expectations .
So in announcing the surge , the president set forth a series of benchmarks for progress in Iraq that was supposed to result from our increased troop presence .
The objective was not a temporary reduction of sectarian killing , but real movement toward reconciliation of the contending factions , including the passage of laws on sharing oil revenues and political power among the Sunni , Shia , Kurds and other ethnic communities .
President Bush declared the escalation would create space for the Iraqis to act on behalf of their own country .
Even those minimized objectives have yet to be met .
The oil - sharing statute is stalled in the Iraqi parliament , while Kurdish regional authorities make their own separate deals with foreign oil companies .
The Sunni militia organizations that we have armed to fight al - Qaida have been rejected by the Shiite central government .
The statute passed by the Iraqi parliament last week to reduce sanctions against former members of the Baath Party , a statute that was supposed to mollify the Sunni leaders , appears only to have alienated them further because they consider it fraudulent .
Worst of all , despite the undoubted courage and commitment of our troops , violence in Iraq has increased since the new year began .
Killings of civilians by car bombs and snipers averaged more than 50 per day during the first two weeks of January , and U.S. military deaths are averaging slightly more than one per day , or nearly 50 percent higher than last month .
At that level , if American troops stayed for 10 more years , let alone a century , as Sen. McCain suggests , our casualties would double .
What would winning mean then ?
Joe Conason writes for the New York Observer .
Urgent measures are being taken to preserve the ancient trees
The ancient trees
Archaeologists found the 16 preserved trunks in an open cast coal mine in the north - eastern city of Bukkabrany .
The specimens were preserved intact while most of the forest turned to coal thanks to a casing of sand , which was perhaps the result of a sandstorm .
It is hoped the trees may offer experts a valuable insight into Earth 's climate eight million years ago .
The massive trunks are of a species known as swamp cypresses , which grew for 200- 300 years .
The BBC's Nick Thorpe in Budapest says the wood of the trees is still brown in photographs taken by the archaeologists , giving the impression that it has only just been split .
The stumps , 2 - 3 m ( 10 ft ) in diameter and 6 m ( 19 ft ) high , stand uncovered on the lowest level of the mine .
However , now that the protective material around them has been stripped there is a danger that the trunks could turn to dust before the scientists ' eyes .
Urgent measures are being taken to preserve them after an attempt to move one of the trunks failed .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
After months of stalemate , the Senate late Tuesday passed a huge government spending bill that includes billions of dollars requested by President Bush to continue the war in Iraq .
White House officials have said President Bush would sign off on the spending plan if the Iraq money was added .
The roughly $ 555 billion bill -- which passed 76 - 17 -- also preserves thousands of earmarks for lawmakers who will deliver them to constituents just in time for the holidays .
The final vote came at about 11 p.m. ET Tuesday -- after hours of debate that included two more attempts by Senate Democrats to tie war funding to a plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Iraq .
Those efforts failed , as have dozens of others in the House and Senate since Democrats took control of Congress last year .
Earlier , members voted to add $ 40 billion for the war in Iraq that had been removed by the House -- which passed the spending bill on Monday .
The plan also includes $ 30 billion for troops in Afghanistan .
Sen .
Joe Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut who co-sponsored the push to reinstate the Iraq money , called its approval " a very powerful bipartisan message of support for our men and women serving in Iraq . "
White House officials have said Bush would sign the spending plan if the Iraq money was added .
In the weeks leading up to the vote , Bush had repeatedly pushed members of Congress to approve a military spending bill that did not place troop - withdrawal requirements on the military in Iraq .
The bill wraps together 11 of the 12 government spending bills for 2008 -- except for that of the Department of Defense , which was already funded .
Facing a president determined to keep spending in check and a unified Republican minority in the House and Senate , Democrats have been stymied at nearly every turn in their attempts to increase spending on their domestic priorities .
Fearing a politically dangerous government shutdown , Democratic leaders ultimately gave in to Bush 's top line number and trimmed $ 22 billion from the measure .
But Democrats stemmed their losses somewhat by shifting some funding from the president 's priorities to their own .
And they added billions more above Bush 's top line in " emergency " funding for veterans health care , California fires , border security and more .
The government spending watchdog group Taxpayers for Common Sense , which scrambled Monday to pore over the nearly 1,500 - page bill that was made public late Sunday night , said it has identified almost 9,000 earmarks worth $ 7.4 billion .
Many of the earmarks avoided normal congressional scrutiny and were " airdropped " -- or slipped in without going through normal committee consideration -- into the final bill , the group said .
But Sen. Robert Byrd , D - West Virginia , chairman of the budget - writing appropriations committee , said the spending plan represents a dramatic decrease in pork - barrel projects from the one approved by Bush two years ago -- when Republicans controlled Congress .
" The total dollars that are earmarked is reduced -- hear me now -- by 43 percent , " Byrd said Tuesday from the Senate floor .
" That ai n't chicken feed . "
Arguing for a plan that would have begun pulling troops from Iraq within 90 days , Sen. Edward Kennedy , D - Massachusetts , became emotional as he called the Bush administration 's efforts in Iraq " a continuing quagmire . "
" The best way to end this charade and protect our troops and our national security is to put the Iraqis on notice that they need to take responsibility for their future , " Kennedy said .
" Unless there 's a binding timeline for the redeployment of our troops , the Iraqis will not feel the need to make the compromises essential for a political solution . "
The measure now goes back to the House for approval in its revised form .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she expects the bill to pass the House , although she will vote against it because of the war funds added in the Senate version .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report .
All About George W. Bush • Iraq War • U.S. Congress
Earlier this week , Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee told an audience that he wants to " amend the Constitution so it 's in God 's standards . "
Of course , Huckabee will surely put himself in charge of determining God 's standards .
Never mind the fact that the President of the United States must take an oath to preserve , protect , and defend the Constitution of the United States .
And never mind the fact that the Constitution he must protect includes the First Amendment , which explicitly states , " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion . "
You see , Huckabee is an ordained Southern Baptist minister who says on his campaign website , " My faith is my life - it defines me .
I do n't separate my faith from my personal and professional lives . "
How is this not a conflict of interest ?
How is Huckabee 's religious platform not unconstitutional ?
Can Huckabee win the Republican nomination and the presidency ?
Prior to 2004 , I would not have thought so .
But then the American people reelected George W. Bush .
And , if Huckabee did win the presidency , would Congress roll over and do his bidding , as they have for Bush , lest they be labeled ungodly ?
This would be particularly frightening .
_______
About author Mary Shaw is a Philadelphia - based writer and activist , with a focus on politics , human rights , and social justice .
She is a former Philadelphia Area Coordinator for the Nobel - Prize - winning human rights group Amnesty International , and her views appear regularly in a variety of newspapers , magazines , and websites .
Note that the ideas expressed here are the author 's own , and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Amnesty International or any other organization with which she may be associated .
E-mail : mary@maryshawonline.com
Here is some pictures of the test shuttle OK - TVA that I took in Moscow the last August .
This test shuttle was used for testing the heat shield , and for mechanical and acoustics tests .
It was moved in the Gorky parc in 1997 and renovated .
The tiles of the heat shield were removed and replaced by ones in wood , but the bottom on the shuttle does n’t have any .
The payload bay was fit out to a cinema room where a movie is shown , moreover the people are sitting on articulated chair which let us think that the show will be interesting ( like we can see in futuristic parks ) .
But nothing at all , the movie is not about Buran , we only see a picture of the lift off of 1988 and during 10 minutes they show us pictures of the Earth ( like a Power Point presentation made by a 10 years old boy ) , moreover the chairs are not working !
It worth the price we payed ( 50 rubles to get in the park + 50 rubles for this « show » ) , around 5 US dollars , but they could have made something much better !
The other pictures are here .
Penis enlargements have become one of the ' most hyped ' ops
Surgeons at St Peter 's Andrology Centre in London quizzed 42 men who underwent operations , the European Urology journal reported .
The average increase was 1.3 cms ( 0.5 in ) , but two thirds said they were unhappy with the results .
Experts said spam e-mails and advertising were giving men unrealistic expectations about penis surgery .
Research should be directed toward non-surgical options
Yoram Vardi , of the Rambam Medical Centre in Israel
Report author Nim Christopher , a urologist at St Peter 's Andrology Centre , said penis enlargements had become one of the " most hyped " operations because of the incessant bombardment of e-mail accounts and websites with spam advertising .
" For patients with psychological concern about the size of the penis - particularly if it is normal size - there is little point in offering them surgery because it makes no difference , " he added .
He said men often requested another bout of surgery because of their dissatisfaction .
The study said rather than having surgery the men should be referred for psychological counselling .
Other experts agreed it should be a last resort .
Yoram Vardi , of the Rambam Medical Centre in Israel , said : " We now know that the majority of these patients are dissatisfied after these procedures .
Research should be directed toward non-surgical options . "
Imagine a tiny USB camera with no viewfinder , no LCD screen , no buttons except 1 .
Stripped down to it ’s bare functions , this mini USB Digital Camera combines the feeling of not knowing how your shots turned out ala analog film with the ease of USB transfer .
No cables are necessary .
Just plug it straight away in your computer and always be surprised .
Designer : Sungwoo Park
Not that their aims are bogus : there 's no doubt Britain is a bit chunky .
But , following the annual festive binge , women are easy to manipulate .
As Naomi Wolf showed in The Beauty Myth , the winners in ( and creators of ) the fabricated battle against imperfection are the diet , cosmetics , surgery and fashion industries , whose goal is to remind a woman that she is nothing more than a piece of meat , and a vile one at that .
If any woman buys that line , she 's an idiot .
One minute spent appraising oneself as an object , whether the conclusion is positive or damning , is a minute wasted .
But it seems that there are lots of idiots out there .
News that the cosmetic surgery industry is now worth billions , with breast implants being the most popular operation , is evidence of women 's thraldom to the porno ideal of big chest ; thin everywhere else .
In a scenario that could be a treatment for a future Eli Roth film , a woman crawls to a man she barely knows , begs him to cut her up , pays him for it and crawls home in pain to recover , thanking her lucky stars for this transformative experience .
To the man , the woman is just another paying chump on the chopping block ; to the woman , the man is a saviour .
Women 's real mental emancipation is still far away if they have so little actual pride , and such a high degree of self - objectification , that they are assiduously doing patriarchy 's job for it .
They 're voluntarily turning themselves into pornography .
How submissive can you get ?
And how twisted ?
With the false addition of two saline - filled bags , the woman feels " complete " , " real " , forgetting that the efficiency and natural dignity of the human body are already miraculous ; its speed of recovery after such a brutal invasion is a testament to that .
If neither slicing 'n 'dicing or bran flakes can get you the perfect figure , there 's always the Wags Workout DVD to bop along to : perfect for aspiring geishas and concubines everywhere .
The goal is to get so toned and bouncy that you do literally begin to resemble the rubber sex doll you 're already being used as .
There 's a time limit to all this , however : whichever method they use , women should ideally get themselves in order by February , when fashion week begins .
Then we can all do an about - turn , forget fatness and fret instead about skinny models and the taint of vomit behind the fabulosity , while men of both overly fat and anorexically thin proportions continue free of any scrutiny or sniping .
To be serious , I feel conflicted about the body debate because , like most art - inclined people , I have a hypocritical , ancient Greek - style bias in favour of beauty .
And frankly I see so many whey - faced , ill - kempt humanoids pass by my window that looking through the pages of Vogue is nothing short of a gorgeous , blessed relief .
But then , I do n't have any body issues .
For those who do , I 'd recommend putting down that scalpel , going for a walk and remembering that the only way to get some self - esteem is to get some self - esteem , not make a date with Hugh Hefner .
· Bidisha is a novelist and critic
bidisha@hotmail.com
ROCK HILL , South Carolina ( Reuters ) - Sen. Hillary Clinton , in an about - face , said on Friday she wants the Democratic Party delegates in two states that were barred by the national party to be reinstated and counted in the race to determine the party ’s U.S. presidential nominee .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
In those states , Michigan and Florida , Clinton could stake claim to nearly all the delegates to the nominating convention in question -- more than 350 .
She was the only candidate on the Democratic ballot in Michigan and holds a strong lead in Florida , which holds its contest on Tuesday .
The national party eliminated the delegates from Michigan and Florida because the states broke party rules by holding primary voting contests before February 5 .
But just four days before Florida ’s primary , Clinton said she wants the delegates reinstated .
“ I know other campaigns have tried to downplay the significance of these two states , ” Clinton told reporters .
“ I think that is not a good strategy for Democrats or any of us who cares about the outcome of this election . ”
To become the Democratic nominee in the November election , a candidate must collect a majority of more than 2,000 delegates by competing in state contests around the nation .
Because Michigan and Florida violated the rules , all the major Democratic candidates pledged not to campaign there before their primaries .
Clinton said she did not think she was violating that agreement .
“ I think it ’s important we send a message to the people of Michigan and Florida that Democrats care about their lives and their futures , and I will certainly do everything I can to be a good president for them , ” she said .
In Michigan , Clinton won the primary after the other major candidates pulled their names from the ballot .
Polls show she holds a strong lead in Florida , where all the candidates are on the ballot .
A spokesman for her chief rival , Sen. Barack Obama , accused Clinton of changing course .
“ Senator Clinton ’s own campaign has repeatedly said that this is a contest for delegates , and Florida is a contest that offers zero , ” campaign manager David Plouffe said in a statement .
“ Whether it is Barack Obama ’s record , her position on Social Security , or even the meaning of the Florida primary , it seems like Hillary Clinton will do or say anything to win an election , ” he said .
The Democratic and Republican parties penalized the early voting states in an attempt to gain control over an increasingly chaotic primary calendar , in which states were vying to hold their contests earlier and earlier .
The Democrats allowed early contests in Iowa , New Hampshire , South Carolina and Nevada .
Impeach Pelosi First
by : Kathleen Bushman
recipient : U.S. House of Representatives
Because the Speaker , Nancy Pelosi , has failed to take her oath of office seriously we signatories are asking the House to vote to either impeach her or replace her with a Representative who will take his or her oath seriously .
read petition letter ▾
We the undersigned are aware that every member of congress takes an oath to preserve , uphold , and defend the U.S. Constitution , and we believe that Nancy Pelosi , in particular , as Speaker should be held to that oath of office .
We do not believe it was Ms. Pelosi 's prerogative to take impeachment off the table ; we hold it was her duty to vigorously demand impeachment as this imperial presidency continues to wage war upon our constitution and our civil rights .
Since the year 2000 we have seen nearly every one of our civil rights under assault : our constitutional freedom from unwarranted search and seizure , our rights requiring a writ of habeas corpus , and our freedoms of assembly and free speech .
We The People of the United States who have been endowed with certain inalienable rights do hear - by appeal to the House of Representatives to recall Ms. Pelosi and / or Impeach Ms. Pelosi as to ensure those rights as guaranteed in the U.S. Constitution and give us a Leader who will Up - Hold the Constitution of the United States of America and all the responsibilities thereof .
Thank you for your attention to this matter .
For the Debora family , the holiday season usually means making tamales and opening presents under the Christmas tree .
But there ’s no Christmas tree this year .
Probably no tamales either .
The four family members are trying to save their Boyle Heights home from foreclosure .
“ It does n’t feel like Christmas , ” Maria Debora said in Spanish on a recent afternoon , as she stacked presents on her living room table .
Advertisement
To make ends meet , the 53 - year - old grandmother is baby - sitting in the morning and working afternoons as a teacher ’s aide at a nearby preschool .
At night and on weekends , she cuts hair at a beauty shop .
She also sells shoes , making a $ 4 - dollar profit per box .
“ We ’re trying whatever we can do , ” said the woman , who lives with her two adult children and a nephew .
The family ’s plight is similar to that of many families caught in the nationwide mortgage meltdown , especially those in heavily Latino neighborhoods .
Nearly half of the Latinos who purchased homes in 2005 relied on sub - prime and near - prime loans , compared with about one - fifth of white home buyers , according to a study last year by the Federal Reserve .
Advertisement
“ It only makes sense that they are harder hit , ” said Kathleen Day , a spokeswoman for the Center for Responsible Lending , based in Washington , D.C .
The Deboras were renters for more than 30 years .
But as home prices were peaking in June 2005 , a well - dressed man knocked on their door one day .
He was a real estate agent .
They were wasting their money , he said ; they could combine their paychecks to buy a home with no down payment .
He had the perfect place : a three - bedroom , two - bath home that needed a little work .
“ He painted a pretty picture , ” said son Dario Debora , 27 , who pitched in money with his mother and cousin to cover $ 5,000 in closing and other costs for the faded stucco home , wedged on a hillside near Whittier Boulevard .
Advertisement
They were advised to get two loans on the home , for which they paid $ 340,000 .
The first required a monthly interest - only payment of $ 1,436 , and the second $ 655 .
Maria Debora said she asked whether two loans was a good idea , but the agent told them not to worry because they could refinance in just six months .
Because Maria ’s nephew , Miguel Lopez , had the best credit , he signed the loan papers .
“ We were so happy .
We never had our own house , ” Maria Debora said .
About a year after moving in , they tried to get a new loan but were told they did n’t qualify .
Still , they did n’t worry .
They could cover the mortgage -- or at least they thought they could .
Advertisement
About five months ago , they began receiving letters warning them that they were not making their full payments .
“ We kept getting late charges , ” Dario Debora said .
He said they thought it was a mistake .
After calling the lender , he understood :
The larger of the two loans had an adjustable - rate mortgage .
Family members said the agent never explained that the payments would increase .
They turned to another agent , who advised them to sell the home for $ 390,000 and use the profit to buy a new place .
They tried , but there were no takers .
Advertisement
Unable to make the combined $ 3,000 mortgage payment and in default on the adjustable - rate loan , the family now faces foreclosure .
The number of default notices and foreclosures in Boyle Heights remains lower than in some other parts of Los Angeles .
But six homes here have gone through foreclosure so far this year , according to DataQuick Information Systems , and 76 had received notices of default through October , according to RealtyTrac , an Irvine - based real estate information firm .
No foreclosures occurred in Boyle Heights last year .
Experts say that any foreclosure here is devastating because the neighborhood has one of the city ’s lowest rates of homeownership and has few available rental units .
“ It has a deeper impact because the housing situation overall is already in a crisis , ” said Isela Gracian , who directs organizing for the nonprofit East L.A. Community Corp. , which conducts workshops to help residents avoid foreclosure .
Advertisement
Stucco and cinder - block starter homes are for sale on many streets .
Some are vacant , their yards overrun by weeds , marked by signs proclaiming , “ O % de enganche ” : no down payment .
A reporter calling to interview an agent about one home was repeatedly interrupted and asked whether he wanted to be “ pre-qualified ” to purchase the property for little or no down payment .
“ You sure you do n’t want to buy it ? ” the agent asked .
The Bush administration recently announced a plan asking lenders to voluntarily freeze low introductory rates for borrowers who are not behind on mortgage payments .
And the Federal Reserve is proposing stricter oversight of lenders .
But these measures wo n’t help the Debora family because they are late on their payments , and any plan will not be finalized for at least several months .
Advertisement
Dario Debora said he was laid off from his job as an X - ray technician last month .
His cousin is trying to fill the gap by sending money from Texas , where he is working temporarily as a truck driver .
Maria Debora is working her four jobs .
Records show that the family owes nearly $ 10,000 in back payments on the adjustable - rate loan , which has been turned over to a collection agency .
The family has until about the first week of February before a trustee sale is scheduled .
A spokeswoman for Litton Loan Servicing , which is overseeing the loan , said in an interview that the company would be willing to work with the family .
Advertisement
“ Not all hope is lost just yet , ” said Donna Marie Jendritza .
“ We ’d love to talk to them . ”
Maria Debora said the family would like to work out a deal but is worried that the financial slide is unstoppable at this point .
“ Of course we want to keep it , ” she said .
“ But it depends on what they offer . ”
Meanwhile , her 8 - year - old grandson wanted to know why she did n’t have a Christmas tree this year .
Advertisement
“ You want a tree ?
Or you want tennies for Christmas ? ” she replied .
robert.lopez@latimes.com
POLL : A New Low in Approval Starts Bush 's Final Year Bush 's ratings on job performance and handling the economy stumble to new lows .
Jan. 15 , 2008  --
Beset by growing economic concerns on top of the long unpopular war in Iraq , President Bush starts the last year of his presidency with the worst approval rating of his career .
Just 32 percent of Americans now approve of the way Bush is handling his job , while 66 percent disapprove .
Bush 's work on the economy has likewise reached a new low .
And he shows no gain on Iraq ; despite reduced violence there , 64 percent say the war was not worth fighting , 2 points from its high .
Given these complaints , 77 percent in this ABC News / Washington Post poll say the country is headed off on the wrong track -- the most since the federal government shut down in a deeply unpopular budget battle in early 1996 .
Three post - World War II presidents have gone lower than Bush in overall approval -- Jimmy Carter ( 28 percent ) , Richard Nixon ( 24 percent ) and Harry Truman ( 22 percent ) .
But after three straight years in the doghouse , Bush is just two months away from Truman 's record of 38 months without majority approval -- far beyond any other .
Bush 's ratings have stayed remarkably stable lately ; he received between 33 and 36 percent approval in nine ABC / Post polls in 2007 .
The change in this poll , while not statistically significant , marks his first foray below one - third approval .
Intensity of sentiment , moreover , remains very heavily against the president .
Fifty - one percent strongly disapprove of his work overall , while just 16 percent strongly approve -- strongly negative by better than a 3 - 1 ratio .
RIDE --
It 's been a remarkably bumpy ride .
Bush has been so low for so long it can be hard to remember that he also holds the highest approval rating on record for any president in ABC / Post polls , or Gallup polls before them , back to 1938 .
That came Oct. 9 , 2001 , as the nation rallied together after 9/11 .
Bush , who'd been at 55 percent approval just before the attacks , soared to 92 percent , surpassing his father 's 90 percent at the time of the Persian Gulf War in 1991 .
His time in the stratosphere has boosted Bush 's overall average since taking office , now 54 percent approval -- a mid-range rating , around those of Lyndon Johnson ( 56 percent ) and Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton , both 57 percent .
ECONOMY -- Economic trouble almost always damages an incumbent president , and it 's been brewing for months .
Consumer confidence as measured weekly by ABC News grew worse in each quarter of 2007 .
In November 69 percent of Americans said a recession was at least somewhat likely in the next year .
And in this poll the economy has surpassed the Iraq War as the most important issue to voters in the 2008 presidential campaign .
Just 28 percent now approve of how Bush is handling the economy , down 6 points in the last month and down from 40 percent in June , before the latest economic shock -- the housing market crisis and resulting credit crunch -- took hold .
But it 's not the housing or credit markets but other economic concerns that Americans cite as their families ' main economic problems :
Health care costs lead that parade , cited by 24 percent ; followed by rising prices overall , 23 percent ; the price of gasoline , 16 percent ; and taxes , 12 percent .
There are plenty of economic irritants to go around .
There are differences among groups .
Americans older than 50 are more apt to complain about health care costs ; young adults , about gas prices .
And better - off Americans and Republicans are much more apt than those less - well - off , or Democrats , to call taxes their top economic problem .
GETTING AHEAD ? --
All told , just 21 percent say they 're " getting ahead " financially , while 17 percent say they 're falling behind ( actually a bit fewer than the 23 percent who say so in fall 2006 ) .
Most , six in 10 , say they 're earning just enough to maintain their standard of living .
In a country where getting ahead is the American dream , just holding steady does n't do it .
Among those who are getting ahead financially , 60 percent say the country is headed in the wrong direction ( they have other concerns , including the war ) .
Among those who are just maintaining , far more , 79 percent , say the country 's going the wrong way .
And among those falling behind , " wrong direction " peaks at 89 percent .
There 's a similar relationship with Bush 's approval rating -- 42 percent among people who are getting ahead , 32 percent among those who are holding steady , just 22 percent among those falling behind .
However , these economic standings are tied up with other factors -- including partisanship -- and they do n't independently predict Bush 's ratings .
IRAQ --
The war in Iraq is another story ; views on the war do predict Bush 's ratings , and those views are broadly negative .
Just 30 percent approve of how he 's handling it , 2 points from his low , and again strong disapprovers outnumber strong approvers by 3 - 1 .
As noted , nearly two - thirds say the war was not worth fighting ( it 's been a majority continuously since December 2004 ) , and 54 percent remain skeptical the U.S. is making significant progress restoring civil order there .
Among war supporters , 69 percent approve of Bush 's work in office , and a comparatively low 52 percent say the country 's headed down the wrong track .
Among those who disapprove of the war , Bush 's approval rating is 12 percent ; " wrong track , " 91 percent .
The effect of an unpopular war on presidential approval has been seen before .
Johnson 's approval dropped year - to - year as the nation became enmeshed in Vietnam , from 66 percent in 1965 to 51 percent in 1966 and 42 percent in 1968 , when he chose not to run for re-election .
Bush 's approval has followed a similar path -- just a longer one .
PARTY --
There 's been political damage beyond the president ; his party has suffered as well .
After decades of gradual growth , the Republican Party finally achieved parity with the Democrats in 2003 , when , on average across the year , precisely equal numbers of Americans identified themselves with either party -- 31 percent Democrats , 31 percent Republicans ( with the rest independents ) .
But that changed after 2003 -- the year the United States invaded Iraq .
Since then Republican self - identification has moved back down , to an average of 25 percent across 2007 -- its lowest yearlong average since 1984 .
GROUPS --
Bush is at career lows in approval in three groups as well as overall -- among liberals ( 9 percent approve of his work ) , moderates ( 24 percent ) and independents -- the center of American politics -- among whom just 25 percent approve .
His ratings are far higher among his core supporters , Republicans and conservatives , with 68 percent and 55 percent approval , respectively .
But even those are well below his career averages in these groups , 86 percent and 71 percent .
Beyond liberals , disapproval of Bush peaks among Democrats , African - Americans and strong opponents of the Iraq war .
The president 's low overall ratings fuel one other result , perhaps an obvious one : Seventy - nine percent of Americans say his successor should take the nation in a different direction .
METHODOLOGY -- This ABC News / Washington
Post poll was conducted by telephone Jan. 9 - 12 , 2008 , among a random national sample of 1,130 adults , including an oversample of African - Americans for a total of 202 black respondents ( weighted back to their correct share of the national population ) .
The results have a 3 - point error margin .
Sampling , data collection and tabulation by TNS of Horsham , Pa .
In fine , I have written my work , not as an essay which is to win the applause of the moment , but as a possession for all time .
Thucydides ( or Thoukydides ) ( c. 472 BC – c. 400 BC ) was an ancient Greek historian , author of the History of the Peloponnesian War , which recounts the 5th century BC war between Sparta and Athens .
This work is widely regarded a classic and represents the first work of its kind .
The bravest are surely those who have the clearest vision of what is before them , glory and danger alike , and yet notwithstanding , go out to meet it .
And they are most rightly reputed valiant , who though they perfectly apprehend both what is dangerous and what is easy , are never the more thereby diverted from adventuring .
( translation by Thomas Hobbes [ 2 ] )
But the palm of courage will surely be adjudged most justly to those , who best know the difference between hardship and pleasure and yet are never tempted to shrink from danger . [ 1 ]
" the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must . "
Misattributed [ edit ]
(1) " A nation that makes a great distinction between its scholars and its warriors will have its laws made by cowards and its wars fought by fools . "
Widely attributed to Thucydides in books and online .
In fact misquoted from Sir William Francis Butler , Charles George Gordon ( 1889 ) , p. 85 , where it reads : " The nation that will insist on drawing a broad line of demarcation between the fighting man and the thinking man is liable to find its fighting done by fools and its thinking done by cowards . " [ 3 ]
(2) " Of all manifestations of power , restraint impresses men the most . "
Popularised by Colin Powell , this quotation is not found anywhere in Thucydides .
[ 1 ]
It comes originally from the 19th - century author F.B. Jevons , in his book A History of Greek Literature : From the Earliest Period to the Death of Demosthenes , writing about prose style [ 2 ] ; it was then quoted , without attribution , by classicist Charles Forster Smith , including in the introduction to his Loeb translation of Thucydides [ 3 ] , which probably explains why later readers thought he was actually quoting from Thucydides . [ 4 ]
(3) " History is philosophy teaching from examples . "
This is an ancient misattribution : it appears in a third - century Ars Rhetorica attributed to Dionysius of Halicarnassus :
" The contact with manners then is education ; and this Thucydides appears to assert when he says history is philosophy learned from examples " ( XI.2 ) .
The phrase appears nowhere in Thucydides ; it might be interpreted as a response , by an unknown admirer of Thucydides , to the argument of Aristotle ( Poetics 1451b11 ) that history is inferior to poetry because it deals only with the particular , " what Alcibiades did and suffered " , rather than the general . [ 4 ]
(4) " Justice will not come to Athens until those who are not injured are as indignant as those who are injured . "
This is often attributed to Thucydides ( and sometimes , in a slightly different form , to Benjamin Franklin ) , but it actually comes from ancient accounts of the life of Solon , for example in Diogenes Laërtius ' Lives of Eminent Philosophers I.59 and Plutarch 's Solon 18.5 .
(5) " Peace is only an armistice in an endless war . "
Popularised by the movie Wonder Woman , where the line is spoken by general Ludendorff and ' recognised ' by Diana as coming from Thucydides .
[ 5 ]
It is not found anywhere in Thucydides ; it does resemble a line in Plato 's Laws , discussing the customs of the Cretans : " “ Peace , ” as the term is commonly employed , is nothing more than a name , the truth being that every State is , by a law of nature , engaged perpetually in an informal war with every other State " ( Laws 626a ) .
(6) " A collision at sea can ruin your whole day . "
Ascribed to Book IX , which is a clue that it's a joke as Thucydides wrote only eight books .
This was invented by a student at the US Naval War College in 1960 , and then quoted as a genuine line from Thucydides in the Reader 's Digest in 1962 . [ 6 ]
(7) " Stories happen to those who tell them . "
Attributed to Thucydides by a number of guides and blogs about becoming a writer ( e.g. Lucy McCormick Calkins , The Art of Teaching Writing ( Heinemann , 1994 ) , pp. 21 and 23 ) .
A variant , " Great stories happen to those who can tell them " , is associated with the radio and tv presenter Ira Glass [ 7 ] , who used it in a 2001 podcast .
The original source may be Paul Auster 's The Locked Room , the third part of his New York Trilogy ( Faber & Faber , 1987 ) , p.222 : " Stories happen only to those who are able to tell them , someone once said . "
(8) " Hope is an expensive commodity .
It makes better sense to be prepared . "
The first part of the quote is a variant of Thucydides 5.103.1 ( most translations say something like " Hope is prodigal by nature " ( J. Mynott ) or " [ Hope 's ] nature is to be extravagant " ( R. Crawley ) ) .
The second part , however , comes from the foreword of Richard Peston 's biosecurity thriller The Cobra Event ( Orion , 1998 ) , p.xii ; Peston quotes Thucydides and then comments himself , but both sentences have since been taken together and ascribed to Thucydides . [ 4 ]
(9 ) " You should punish in the same manner those who commit crimes with those who accuse falsely . "
Although this looks exactly the sort of thing that a demagogue like Cleon might say , there is no trace of this line or anything like it in Thucydides .
Many ancient law - codes include punishment for bearing false witness ; for example , the Babylonian Code of Hammurabi from c.1772 BCE : " 3 . If a man , in a case ( pending judgment ) , bear false ( threatening ) witness , or do not establish the testimony that he has given , if that case be a case involving life , that man shall be put to death .
4 . If a man ( in a case ) bear witness for grain or money ( as a bribe ) , he shall himself bear the penalty imposed in that case . " [ 5 ] .
However , the most likely source of this quote is the second Discourse of Isocrates , addressed to Nicocles , section 29 : " Visit the same punishment on false - accusers as on evil - doers . " [ 6 ]
( 10 ) " Knowledge without understanding is useless . "
One might imagine someone characterising Thucydides ' aims in these terms , but it 's not a phrase he ever uses .
It is most likely a version of Confucius , Analects II.XV : " Learning without thinking is wasted effort ; thinking without learning is dangerous ” . [ 8 ]
( 11 ) " The tyranny Athens imposed on others , it finally imposed on itself . "
Not Thucydides - whose history broke off before the end of the war and the regime of the Thirty Tyrants in Athens - but journalist Chris Hedges , originally in a graduation speech at Rockford College , Illinois . [ 9 ]
Repeated in later articles , the wording changes ( the original had “ the Athenian leadership ” imposing tyranny , not Athens ) , and it comes to be attributed directly to Thucydides . [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
( 12 ) " The Greeks did not understand each other any longer , though they spoke the same language . "
Used as a chapter epigram in Richard Kreitner 's Break It Up : secession , division , and the secret history of America ’s imperfect union ( Little , Brown , 2020 ) and quoted in a New Yorker article by Robin Wright . [ 12 ]
This comes from a letter written in 1860 by the political scientist Francis Lieber to his son , and reads in full : " It sometimes has occurred to me that what Thucydides said of the Greeks at the time of the Peloponnesian War applies to us .
The Greeks , he said , did not understand each other any longer , though they spoke Greek .
Words received a different meaning in different parts . " [ 13 ] .
Lieber 's final sentence is a garbled version of Thucydides 3.82.4 ; the rest is his own invention .
Identity theft is an unfortunate reality for consumers .
In today ’s environment , it is very easy for a thief to steal your personal information , including your social security number , and begin to charge up debts using your identity .
Even if you are careful about where you share your social security number and are diligent about shredding all documents containing personal information , your identity can still be compromised .
All it takes is your laptop or smartphone being stolen or a company you use having a data breach and you are open to identity theft .
What many people may not be aware of is that business identity theft is also on the rise .
This type of theft is also called commercial or corporate theft , and just like personal identity theft , it occurs when a thief uses a business ’ line of credit for himself to open offices or merchant accounts .
If business identity theft goes on too long without detection , it can be difficult to recover , and a business could potentially go bankrupt .
How to Protect Your Business from Identity Theft
The steps you need to take to protect your business are very similar to those you take to protect your personal identity :
Shred paperwork containing sensitive data .
If you have paperwork with information that could compromise your business ’ identity , shred it .
However , make sure you use a confetti shredded instead of a strip shredded so the paperwork ca n’t be pieced together .
Regularly order a copy of your business ’ commercial credit report .
Sign up for electronic notifications through your banks and creditors .
Have a set of procedures to follow if a business credit card is lost or stolen .
Report any suspicious activity immediately to your bank or creditor .
What to Do If You Suspect Your Business ’ Identity Has Been Compromised
Again , the steps to follow if you think your business ’ identity has been compromised are very similar to the steps you would take if your personal identity was stolen :
Contact the police and file a police report
Contact all of your banks and credit card issuers as well as anyone else your business may have credit with
Speak to the fraud department in credit reporting agencies and place a fraud alert on your accounts .
Just like personal identity theft , cleaning up your business ’ accounts can take a long time .
Unfortunately , the damage to a business can be even more severe than to an individual , so it is important that you protect your business ’ identity .
Consider Investing in Credit Monitoring
Some of the credit reporting agencies , including Experian , will monitor your business ’ credit report for a fee .
They will notify you in the case of suspected fraudulent activity , which can help you stop the fraud before it spirals too far out of control .
Just as you must be diligent to monitor your own personal credit and be wary of identity theft , so , too , must you with your business .
The effects of business identity theft can be dire and may eventually lead to the end of your business .
Taking the steps to prevent business identity theft is essential .
Source : http://www.sos.state.oh.us/SOS/Businesses/BusinessInformation/BusinessIdentityTheft.aspx
Regrettably , some Americans are simply not aware of how large an asshole footprint they leave on the planet .
Here , Vanity Fair offers a questionnaire that will help such individuals determine the size and breadth of their footprint .
If you answer " yes " to four or more of the questions for your age group , it is incumbent upon you to take urgent measures to reduce your asshole footprint . < h3 > For ages 14 – 25 < b> 1 .
Do you refer to attractive members of the opposite sex as " smokin ' hot " ?
< b>2 . Do you leave vitriolic comments in the " Comments " sections of blogs and Web sites , even if you 're commenting on something innocuous , such as an old Linkin Park video ? < b> 2a .
When leaving such comments , do you use such rote Internet pejoratives as " asshat , " " douchebag , " and " ' tard " ? < b> 3 . Are you convinced that it 's only a matter of time before the world recognizes you as the next Andy Samberg ? < b> 4 . Do you write a dating column for your school paper or local weekly ? [ #image : / photos /56cc4d90ae46dea861df13b9 ]
|
|
| |||< b> 5 .
When you are being photographed , do you flash gang signs ? < b> 6 . Are your birthday parties televised ? < b> 7 . Is your name Skylar , Tyler , Taylor , Cat , Bryce , Morgan , Brandon , Braden , Hayden , Jaden , Brianna , or Keegan ?
< h3 > For ages 26–39 < b> 1 .
Do you work in an office with a Foosball or Ping - Pong table ? < b> 2 . Do you run a T - shirt company that specializes in flimsy apparel that runs small and whose designs are essentially appropriations of
" If I was going to die here I was going to put up a fight , and that 's basically what I did , " Sampson Parker told a local reporter .
Parker had noticed a corn stalk stuck in a picker , but when he attempted to remove it , the machine caught his glove , pulling his hand into a mechanical roller .
" The more I tried pulling my hand out , the farther up my hand went , " he said .
The farmer used a metal rod to stop the machine , and spent the next hour on his knees calling for help with his hand still trapped in the machine .
With no help forthcoming the farmer decided to cut off his fingers with his knife , but as he began cutting a spark from the metal rod caused the machine to catch fire .
Parker found himself trapped , kneeling on the ground with one hand in the machine and the other fending off the flames spreading in the grass .
" My skin was melting .
It was dripping off my arm like plastic , plastic melting .
I realised I was in trouble , " he said .
He picked up his knife once more .
" And I just jammed it into my arm , just like that , just started cutting away from the bone , " he said .
Once he was free he drove to his home , where a passing firefighter came to his aid , wrapping his severed arm and calling for assistance .
Parker has since managed to put the incident behind him . " [ I ] came down here , had a prayer with God and the corn picker and me .
Made it easier .
Made peace with it , " he said .
Israeli Arabs complain they are treated differently to Israel 's Jews
In a report , the Association for Civil Rights in Israel said expression of anti-Arab views had doubled , and racist incidents had increased by 26 % .
Christian or Muslim Arab citizens of Israel make up 20 % of the population .
But the civil rights quoted polls suggesting half of Jewish Israelis do not believe Arab citizens of Israel should have equal rights .
About the same amount said they wanted the government to encourage Arab emigration from Israel .
In another poll , almost 75 % of Jewish youths said Arabs were less intelligent and less clean than Jews .
' Anti -Arab policies '
A prominent Israeli Arab politician , Mohammed Barakeh , said the poll results were the natural outcome of what he called the anti-Arab policies of successive Israeli governments .
We live in a democratic regime whose foundations are constantly weakening
Sami Michael
Association for Civil Rights in Israel
Anxiety over ' enemy within '
Commenting on the findings of the report , the association 's president Sami Michael warned : " We live in a democratic regime whose foundations are constantly weakening . "
Official government spokesman Mark Regev responded that the Israeli government was " committed to fighting racism whenever it raises it ugly head and is committed to full equality to all Israeli citizens , irrespective of ethnicity , creed or background , as defined by our declaration of independence " .
Israel 's Construction and Housing Minister Zeev Boim said the rights group 's report was biased and without credibility .
Occupied territories
Part of the group 's annual report is dedicated to the situation in Gaza and the West Bank .
The report says : " Most of the human rights violations in the occupied territories are by - products of the establishment of settlements and outposts . "
Restrictions on the movement of Palestinians designed to allow settlers " free and secure movement " , have virtually split the West Bank into six separate parts , the report says .
The organisation says that the West Bank barrier " does not separate Palestinians from Israelis , but Palestinians from other Palestinians " .
The report also asserts that despite its withdrawal from Gaza in 2005 , Israel retains " moral and legal responsibility " for the Palestinians there because Israel controls access to the coastal territory .
Many experienced file - sharers can't understand why relative novices manage to download so much junk from BitTorrent .
Fake downloads that never finish , video files which refuse to play , movies that require special players and unwatchable video are easily avoided by those in the know .
But how do they do it ?
Although it ’s quite a small problem , BitTorrent is sadly being used by a minority to generate money for scammers through trickery and deception .
We ’ve reported before how people download movies only to learn that they require a special media player to play it , or others which come with a payload of malware to infect their PC when they install it .
Other people get other problems such as torrents never finishing or when they watch a downloaded video it turns out to be completely the wrong thing – i.e the file was deliberately mislabeled .
Sometimes the video download is of such poor quality it ’s simply unwatchable and of course all this adds up to a lot of frustration and wasted time .
There are many techniques employed by experienced file - sharers to ensure that the torrent is what it says it is and of a good enough quality to even bother with .
We ’ll look at just a few of them here .
Remember that sharing certain types of media via BitTorrent may not be legal in your country .
1. Always read the comments
Before downloading any torrent , it ’s always prudent to read the comments on the site .
It only takes a few seconds but it ’s time well spent .
Very often there are requests from previous downloaders for a password to access the file or some might be asking where to download a special video player to view it .
Movies should never come as .zip or an .exe file , if they do there is every chance the file comes with some sort of catch .
If the movie wo n’t play with VLC Media Player there ’s every chance it ’s a fake .
Any files needing 3WPlayer , DomPlayer or any that direct to other sites and ask you to fill in forms or install stuff , are also fake .
2 . Can the source be trusted ?
A good way to find out if a . torrent is real or not is to find out who uploaded the file .
There are several well known users that always release new torrents on the same account , aXXo and EZTV are some good examples of such users .
If the user is anonymous , you could look at the tracker , and see if it ’s widely used .
There is no guarantee that files on a well known trackers are safe , but you can almost be certain that files tracked by trackers such as bittorrent .
isthebe.st are fake .
3 . Is the file actually released already ?
Many people use sites such as VCDQuality and Nforce.nl ( sites that rates the quality of media releases on the internet ) to not only ensure that the video is of a good quality , but also to weed out malfunctioning releases and identify real ones .
Recently a movie producer was grateful to the BitTorrent community for spreading his movie ‘ The Man From Earth ‘ , so we can use this movie as an example :
The VCDQ page shows a lot of information but let ’s look at the box marked ‘ folder ’ .
Here you can see the release name .
By copying and pasting this exact filename into Google , a list of almost guaranteed non -fake torrents appear .
4. TorrentSpam ?
Another place to check is TorrentSpam .
If you already have a torrent file in your possession , you can either paste the full name ( or hash value , obtainable from the ‘ general ’ tab in uTorrent ) into their search engine and if someone has reported this as a bad torrent , the results will be shown .
Equally , if despite all the measures you still end up downloading a bad torrent , its possible to report this fact for the benefit of other TorrentSpam users in the future .
Do you have any tips or tricks not mentioned here that you would like to share ?
Feel free to leave a comment !
4 . Other suggestions
We asked Matthijs from Mininova for some good tips on how to avoid downloading fake or scammy torrents and he came up with the following suggestions in addition to what we already posted .
Check the contents of the torrent , a single rar files is often an indication for a passworded file , especially if it is accompanied by a readme .
txt/.url
Nowadays you even have to watch out for releases with a single avi file and a readme file / url where the user is required to rename the avi file to rar and fetch a password somewhere .
Tracker names which look very similar to well known trackers are often fake , e.g. : http://vip-the-piratebay.homelinux.com:6969/scrape and http://tracker-btc-net.dnsdojo.org:6969/scrape
Unknown / new trackers ( that ca n’t be found on google anywhere ) with large amounts of seeds / leechers
If an application torrent is n’t really appropriate for BitTorrent ( very small ) it ’s better to avoid them .
Check the size and see if it fits the description
Most important : install a good ( up - to - date ) virus / spyware scanner and scan before opening !
In the end it ’s experience alone that helps identify the fakes .
Most people who have been file - sharing for a little while can easily spot these bad torrents but it ’s clearly not so easy for the novice , judging by the number of emails we get at Torrent Freak each week .
Let ’s hope that number reduces soon .
By Mukul Devichand
Reporter , BBC Radio 4's More or Less
Things are not financially straightforward in the Mumbai slums
The struggle to reduce the number of people living on " a dollar a day " tops the list of Millennium Development Goals and trips off the tongues of political leaders .
But how much is " a dollar a day " really worth ?
How badly off are the world 's poor really ?
I 've just returned from an Indian slum and was shocked at how cheap things were .
At Mumbai Airport , I got around 40 rupees for each US dollar I changed .
And when I walked the lanes of the bustees - the slums where the urban poor congregate - I felt like a millionaire .
Round of teas and coffees for all your friends ?
Cross - town hop in a three - wheel auto rickshaw ?
Plate of street food ?
Shave at a roadside barbers ?
They all cost around a US dollar .
Normal exchange rates
So it seems a dollar goes pretty far in the poorer parts of Mumbai , and no doubt even further in rural India .
When politicians promise to lift the world 's poor above the dollar a day thresholds , it sounds like a reasonable aim .
But after investigating the subject for the BBC , I found the cruel truth is that in India , and other poor countries , a " dollar a day " is actually worth much less than first appears .
In fact , because of the way the measure is calculated , people living on less than a dollar a day could n't afford any of the things listed above .
The reason is that a " dollar a day " is not in fact a dollar as we would understand it using normal international exchange rates .
Big Mac Index
Instead it is a specially adjusted dollar using something called Purchasing Power Parity , or PPP .
One of the easiest ways to understand this is the so - called " Big Mac Index , " which was first developed by the Economist magazine to explain the difference in prices between countries in simple terms .
The idea , says former World Bank economist Michael Ward , is that the Big Mac is an almost identical product no matter where in the world you buy it - bread , cheese , meat , lettuce and labour costs .
But in fact , Big Macs end up costing much less in places like Beijing or Mumbai than London or New York .
How much is a dollar really worth to the world 's poor ?
So economists use the different prices of Big Macs across the world to judge the relative buying power of people in different countries .
For example , if a Big Mac costs a dollar in America , but only 25 cents in Mumbai , then a PPP " dollar " in Mumbai is actually worth only 25 cents .
The World Bank's " dollar a day " system uses a similar calculation , but using a much bigger range of prices .
So in this system , an Indian living on less than " a dollar a day " is actually living on less than 25 cents a day , or just 9 Indian rupees - because that 's how much it would take an Indian to buy the same thing as an American would buy for a real dollar .
So in fact the 320 million Indians who live on less than a dollar a day could n't afford any of the things I could in the Mumbai slum with the real US dollars I had changed at the airport .
" The intention was really to have a measure that would give you the equivalent amount of goods and services for that same currency , " explained Mr Ward .
Comparisons
The aim is that using this system , the World Bank can judge how poor people really are in terms of what they can afford in different countries .
But because the system is based on the spending power of just a single dollar in America , it does n't actually give the poor very much to live on .
According to the World Bank 's idea , a " dollar a day " actually translated into 60 p in the UK - more than the real exchange rate , because the UK is a more expensive country .
Even so , a quick round of the aisles at my local supermarket showed that I could n't get much for that 60 p .
Tinned Soup was 75 p , and the cheapest loaf of bread was 85 p .
In the end , I found bagels were 39 p each - so I could get one and a half for my 60p .
Absurdly low ?
I asked Martin Ravallion , the economist who behind the original " dollar a day " concept at the World Bank , whether he thought this poverty level target was too low .
He explained that the original " dollar a day " benchmark was based on the poverty lines set by governments of several very poor countries .
According to his data , even at the frugal 25 cents a dollar is worth in India , the very poor could just about afford to eat 2100 calories for this amount , with a couple of rupees to spare for non -food items .
But he accepted the line was very frugal .
" You 've just got to realise that a lot of people are very poor in the world , " he said .
Reversal of fortunes
The final twist in the tale is a shocking " discovery " last month in China of 200 million people living on less than a dollar a day .
This takes the total in China up to 300 million , and is a huge blow in the fight against poverty which the world had previously thought it was winning .
Chinese poverty statistics have rocked the system
Martin Ravallion explained that this is another effect of using the PPP system , rather than exchange rates , to calculate the value of a dollar .
But the Chinese have not traditionally been part of the World Bank 's system and the data on their PPP has been unreliable .
The bank recently calculated China 's PPP thoroughly for the first time and realised that the Chinese currency , the renminbi , had less buying power than originally thought .
The result is an extra 200 million people below the dollar a day line .
China is such a populous country that its poverty statistics are a huge part of the global total .
Nevertheless , Martin Ravallion welcomed the change .
" The only way you 'll reduce that margin of error is by collecting better data , and that 's what 's happened in China , " he said .
More or Less is broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Monday , 3 December , at 1630 UK time
NASA today said it has built a tiny , low - cost satellite it says will be ideal for adventure seekers or companies with high - tech space applications who need to get into space quickly and relatively inexpensively .
The Fast , Affordable , Science and Technology SATellite ( FASTSAT ) is 39.5 inches in diameter - not much larger than an exercise ball .
It is hexagonally shaped and clocks in at a little less than 200 Lbs .
It can carry a payload up to 110 Lbs .
These dimensions place FASTSAT squarely in the microsatellite category where it will compete with such as SpaceX's Falcon 1 and Kistler 's K - 1 , NASA said .
NASA said FASTSAT is just the right size for earth observing missions , space science missions , and technology demonstrations .
" We think we can do whole missions for less than $ 10 million instead of the traditional $ 100s of millions , and that includes the launch vehicle , the satellite , and the widget you want to test , " said Marshall Space Flight Center 's Edward " Sandy " Montgomery in a release .
The first FASTSAT prototype was completed in under 11 months for the relatively thrifty sum of $ 4 million , Montgomery said .
The satellite is made out of aluminum instead of expensive titanium .
And they used a design so simple " even a cave man could do it , " Montgomery said .
The design required few cuts in the metal , so fabrication was fast .
The satellite is also designed to be simple - no complicated rockets .
Magnets provide its attitude control instead of jets , so there are no propellants onboard to explode .
The satellite has no moving parts - no blades or momentum wheels whirring around .
All of these factors add up to subtract cost .
" We are kind of like the bargain basement of satellite building , " Montgomery said .
Satellites could morph the same way that roles for unmanned aircraft have changed .
For example , automated unmanned helicopters and other flying aircraft , whose current roles are mostly in the military , will be used to track everything from traffic congestion to forest fires .
And NASA continues to grow its own satellite programs .
For example , it recently said its Applied Sciences Program will be using 14 satellites to watch the Earth 's environment and help predict and prevent infectious disease outbreaks around the world .
But Yasuaki Sasaki , the ship 's captain , wo n't release the men until the safety of his vessel is guaranteed .
" Immediately that Paul Watson has accepted the conditions of the safety of the Japanese vessel , they will release the two illegal intruders , " the chief of the whaling section of The Fisheries Agency of Japan , Hideki Moronuki , said .
The Japanese crew " tried to throw them overboard , then they tied them to a bulkhead and were beating them " , Mr Watson said .
But Mr Moronuki said " nobody took violent action against the two illegal intruders " .
Treated very humanely
" They are treated very , very humanely and they are provided with a warm , delicious hot meal , " Mr Moronuki said .
" They have [ a ] warm , nice bath and they are provided [ with a ] nice bed with clean white sheets so they are in very good condition . "
He said " hostage " was " not a proper word " to describe the men held on the Japanese ship .
Mr Moronuki said he knew nothing about comments by Mr Smith that the Japanese Government said late last night that the two men would be released .
Mr Moronuki said the men had " illegally intruded on one of our research vessels " .
Very sensitive to intruders " Because of the past dangerous , illegal activists conducted by Sea Shepherd members , our researchers and crew are very , very sensitive to intruders , " he said .
Mr Moronuki said Sea Shepherd had lied repeatedly about its activities .
" I could ask you not to be manipulated by Sea Shepherd , " he said .
" It is quite easy for you to understand they lie so many times .
" As I repeatedly explain to the Australian mass media , Japan has conducted perfectly legal activities , while Sea Shepherd has been conducting very dangerous actions . "
Foreign Minister calls for co-operation
Mr Smith told Sky News he sought and received assurances from the Japanese Government that the two men would be released , but as of this morning that had yet to happen .
" Late last night I was advised [ that ] the Japanese had agreed to this and they had instructed the relevant whaling ship to return the men to the Steve Irwin , " he told ABC Radio .
" The most important thing here is the safety and welfare of the two men concerned and we do , as the Australian Government , want their immediate release .
" My most recent advice , which is in the last hour , is that that transfer has not yet occurred and I 'm calling upon both parties , both the Steve Irwin and Sea Shepherd and the Japanese whaling vessel , to effect immediately their safe return of the two men concerned . "
He refused to comment on what possible action could be taken by Australia over the alleged abduction of the two , except to say the federal police would " evaluate whatever suggestions are made " by both sides .
Intruders considered pirates
An international law expert at the Australian National University said the two anti-whaling activists could be considered pirates and in breach of Japanese law .
" Any unauthorised boarding of a vessel on the high seas could be viewed as an act of piracy , " Professor Don Rothwell said .
Sea Shepherd international director Jonny Vasic told Sky News the Steve Irwin was attempting to track and follow the Yushin Maru No.2 while it had the pair aboard .
" We do n't know if the two men are safe at the moment .
We 've had no contact with them since they were taken . "
He denied that Sea Shepherd 's actions in the Antarctic were provocative .
" What 's provocative to us is that the Japanese are in the Australian Whale Sanctuary killing whales , " he said .
He also said such action would not have been necessary if countries such as Australia and Canada were more forceful in their opposition to whaling .
" Where is this monitoring that Kevin Rudd and Peter Garrett promised us ? " - with Dylan Welch and Glenda Kwek
( CNN ) --
It may not be the most appetizing reading before a hearty holiday meal , but the New England Journal of Medicine is devoting part of its Thanksgiving issue to a giant hairball -- and not the feline kind .
Doctors say this hairball removed from a woman 's stomach weighed 10 pounds .
The prestigious journal details the case of a previously healthy 18 - year - old woman who consulted a team of gastrointestinal specialists .
She complained of a five - month history of pain and swelling in her abdomen , vomiting after eating and a 40 - pound weight loss .
After a scan of the woman 's abdomen showed a large mass , doctors lowered a scope through her esophagus .
It revealed " a large bezoar occluding nearly the entire stomach , " wrote Drs. Ronald M. Levy and Srinadh Komanduri , gastroenterologists at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago , Illinois .
For the uninitiated , a bezoar is a ball of swallowed foreign material .
" On questioning , the patient stated that she had had a habit of eating her hair for many years -- a condition called trichophagia , " they wrote .
Do n't Miss New England Journal of Medicine
" It seemed like she 'd been doing this for several years , " Levy told CNN .
The woman underwent surgery to remove the mass of black , curly hair , which weighed 10 pounds and measured 15 inches by 7 inches by 7 inches , the doctors said .
Five days later , she was eating normally and was sent home .
A year later , the pain and vomiting were gone , the patient had regained 20 pounds " and reports that she has stopped eating her hair . "
Reached at his home in Chicago , Levy said he had no idea whether the journal 's timing of the publication on Thanksgiving was intentional .
Either way , he said , it would not affect the gastroenterologists ' holiday dinner plans -- " We do n't get fazed by much . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Gastrointestinal Disorders
THE PAST YEAR has been a harrowing one for the world 's financial markets , shaken by subprime crises , credit crunches , and other ills .
Things have only gotten stranger in the past week , with stock prices swinging wildly in every major market - drastically down , then back up .
Last week the Federal Reserve announced the biggest cut in overnight lending rates in more than two decades .
Congress , not to be outdone , is slapping together a massive deficit spending package aimed at giving the economy an emergency booster shot .
Despite the anxiety , nobody is stockpiling canned goods just yet .
The prevailing assumption in today 's economy is that recessions and bear markets come and go , and that things will work out in the end , much as they have since the Great Depression .
That 's because there 's a collective confidence that the market is strong enough to correct itself , and that experts in charge of the financial system will understand how to mount a vigorous defense .
Should we be so confident this time ?
A handful of financial theorists and thinkers are now saying we should n't .
The drumbeat of bad news over the past year , they say , is only a symptom of something new and unsettling - a deeper change in the financial system that may leave regulators , and even Congress , powerless when they try to wield their usual tools .
That something is the immense shadow economy of novel and poorly understood financial instruments created by hedge funds and investment banks over the past decade - a web of extraordinarily complex securities and wagers that has made the world 's financial system so opaque and entangled that even many experts confess that they no longer understand how it works .
Unlike the building blocks of the conventional economy - factories and firms , widgets and workers , stocks and bonds - these new financial arrangements are difficult to value , much less analyze .
The money caught up in this web is now many times larger than the world 's gross domestic product , and much of it exists outside the purview of regulators .
Some of these new - generation investments have been in the news , such as the securities implicated in the mortgage crisis that is still shaking the housing market .
Others , involving auto loans , credit card debt , and corporate debt , are lurking in the shadows .
The scale and complexity of these new investments means that they do n't just defy traditional economic rules , they may change the rules .
So much of the world 's capital is now tied up in this shadow economy that the traditional tools for fixing an economic downturn - moves that have averted serious disasters in the recent past - may not work as expected .
In tell - all books , financial blogs , and small - circulation newsletters , a handful of insiders have begun to sound the alarm , warning that governments and top bankers may simply no longer understand the financial system well enough to do anything about it .
" Central banks have only two tools , " says Satyajit Das , author of " Traders , Guns and Money : Knowns and Unknowns in the Dazzling World of Derivatives , " who has emerged as a voice of concern .
" They can cut interest rates or they can regulate banks .
But these are very old - fashioned tools , and are completely inadequate to the problems now confronting them . "
Since the last financial crisis that genuinely threatened the fabric of our society , the Great Depression , the United States has built a system of regulatory checks and balances that has , for the most part , worked .
The system has worked because the new regulations enforced some semblance of transparency .
Companies abide by an extensive set of rules and file information on their profits , losses , and assets .
Obviously , there are limits to transparency :
Without withholding some information from public view , it would be hard for companies to take advantage of opportunities in the marketplace .
But a modicum of transparency can go a long way , enabling both regulators and investors to make informed decisions .
The advantages of the system are many ; the costs of even a single case of nontransparency , as with Enron , can be high .
But when the mortgage crisis broke last summer , it opened a window on something else :
The existence of a huge wilderness of investments in the financial sector that are nearly impossible to track or measure , and which operate out of the view of both investors and regulators .
It emerged that investment banks , hedge funds , and other financial players had issued , bought , and sold hundreds of billions of dollars ' worth of esoteric securities backed in part by other securities , which in turn were backed by payments on high - risk mortgages .
When borrowers began defaulting on their loans , two things happened .
One , banks , pension funds , and other institutional investors began revealing that they owned huge quantities of these unusual new securities , called collateralized debt obligations , or CDOs .
The banks began writing them off , causing the massive losses that have buffeted the country 's best - known financial companies .
And two , without a market for these securities , brokers stopped wanting to issue risky mortgages to new home buyers .
Home values began their plunge .
In other words , a staggeringly complex financial instrument that most Americans had never heard of , and which many financial writers still do n't fully understand , became in a matter of months the most important influence on home values in America .
That 's not how the economy is supposed to work - or at least that 's not what they teach students in Economics 101 .
The reason this had been happening totally out of sight is not difficult to understand .
Banks of all stripes chafe against the restraints that federal and state regulators place on their ability to make money .
By cleverly exploiting regulatory loopholes , investment banks created new types of high - risk investments that did not appear on their balance sheets .
Safe from the prying eyes of regulators , they allowed banks to dodge the requirement that they keep a certain amount of money in reserve .
These reserves are a crucial safety net , but also began to seem like a drag to financiers , money that was just sitting on the sidelines .
" A lot of financial innovation is designed to get around regulation , " says Richard Sylla , professor of economics and financial history at NYU 's Stern School of Business .
" The goal is to make more money , and you can make more money if you do n't have to keep capital to back up your investments . "
The hiding places for these financial instruments are called conduits .
They go by various names - the SIV , or structured investment vehicle , is one that 's been in the news a great deal the past few months .
These conduits and the various esoteric investments they harbor constitute what Bill Gross , manager of the world 's largest bond mutual fund , called a " Frankensteinian levered body of shadow banks " in his January newsletter .
" Our modern shadow banking system , " Gross writes , " craftily dodges the reserve requirements of traditional institutions and promotes a chain letter , pyramid scheme of leverage , based in many cases on no reserve cushion whatsoever . "
The mortgage - driven securities that have been making headlines are but the tip of a much larger iceberg .
Far larger categories of investment have sprung up , with just as much secrecy , and even less clarity into who holds them and how much they are truly worth .
Many of these began as conventional instruments of finance .
For instance , derivatives - the broad category of investments whose value is somehow based on other assets , whether a stock , commodity , debt , or currency - have been traded for more than a century as a form of insurance , helping stabilize otherwise volatile markets .
But today , increasingly , a new generation of derivatives does n't trade on markets at all .
These so - called over - the - counter derivatives are highly customized agreements struck in private between two parties .
No one else necessarily knows about such investments because they exist off the books , and do n't show up in the reports or balance sheets of the parties who signed them .
As the derivatives business has grown more complex , it has also ballooned in scale .
Broadly speaking , Das - author of a leading textbook on derivatives and complex securities - estimates that investors worldwide hold more than $ 500 trillion worth of derivatives .
This number now dwarfs the global GDP , which tops out around $ 60 trillion .
Essentially unregulated and all but invisible , over - the - counter derivatives comprise a huge web of bets , touching every sector of the world economy , that entangles a massive amount of money .
If they start to look shaky - or if investors need to start selling them to cover other losses - that value could vanish , with catastrophic results to the owner and unpredictable effects on financial markets .
Derivatives can ripple through the market and link players that might not otherwise be connected .
With some types of new investments , that fusion takes place within the security itself .
The Bush administration Wednesday denied California ’s bid to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from automobiles , dealing a blow to the state ’s attempts to combat global warming and prompting an immediate vow from Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger to take the decision to court .
Environmental Protection Agency administrator Stephen L. Johnson denied the state ’s request to implement its own landmark law , noting that an energy bill signed by President Bush earlier in the day would go a long way toward reducing emissions throughout the United States .
The bill provides the most significant increase in vehicle fuel economy standards in more than three decades .
“ The Bush administration is moving forward with a clear national solution , not a confusing patchwork of state rules , ” Johnson said in announcing his decision .
The decision infuriated public officials and environmentalists from Washington to Sacramento , who fired the first shots in what is expected to be a pitched legal and political battle through the 2008 presidential campaign .
At least 16 other states , with nearly half the nation ’s population , have adopted or are considering California ’s emission limits and could join in challenges to Wednesday ’s decision .
Schwarzenegger assailed the EPA for “ standing in our way ” to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
“ California sued to compel the agency to act on our waiver , and now we will sue to overturn today ’s decision and allow Californians to protect our environment , ” he said in a prepared statement .
California Air Resources Board Chairwoman Mary Nichols , whose agency requested the waiver two years ago , said there was no “ patchwork ” of standards .
“ There is a California greenhouse gas standard . . . which 16 other states would adopt , whereas there is no federal greenhouse gas standard , ” she said .
“ The Supreme Court told EPA it has to take action on global warming .
It affects our health and our environment .
It ’s not just about fuel economy . ”
Congress is likely to weigh in , although lawmakers may not be able to craft legislation that could survive a presidential veto .
Rep. Henry A. Waxman ( D- Beverly Hills ) , chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , condemned the decision as dictated by “ politics . . . not facts ” and promised to launch an investigation into how the decision was reached .
Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) called the decision “ disgraceful . ”
David Bookbinder , the Sierra Club ’s chief climate counsel , vowed to take the fight to court .
“ These guys are 0 and 4 in court , ” he said .
“ And they ’re about to go 0 - 5 . ”
Bookbinder was referring to the Supreme Court ’s decision this year that greenhouse gas regulation fell under the purview of the EPA and to several lower court decisions rebuffing the auto industry ’s efforts to head off states ’ regulation of tailpipe emissions .
The EPA waiver decision was a victory for the auto industry .
David McCurdy , president and chief executive of the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers , said in a prepared statement that a “ patchwork quilt of inconsistent and competing fuel economy programs at the state level would only have created confusion , inefficiency and uncertainty for automakers and consumers . ”
The federal Clean Air Act allows California to set anti-pollution standards stricter than those of the federal government , subject to EPA permission .
California had been waiting for the EPA to act since the state petitioned the agency in 2005 , and at least 16 other states had been hoping to follow California ’s lead .
Johnson , who telephoned Schwarzenegger shortly before announcing his decision , said that with the energy bill , there was no need for separate state regulations that would cover only part of the country .
Under the energy bill , fuel efficiency for new cars and light trucks will increase 40 % by 2020 , for a fleet - wide average of 35 mpg , the biggest congressionally ordered increase since the fuel economy program was created in 1975 .
Cars and light trucks , including SUVs , account for about a fifth of U.S. carbon dioxide emissions .
“ I believe that Congress by passing a unified federal standard of 35 mpg delivers significant reductions that are more effective than a state - by - state approach , ” Johnson said .
“ This applies to all 50 states , not one state , not 12 states , not 15 states .
It applies to all 50 states , and that ’s great for the economy , for national security and for the environment . ”
Johnson said California ’s request was unlike others that had been granted by his agency that covered “ pollutants that predominantly impacted local and regional air quality . ”
He said the EPA acted after he and his staff reviewed more than 100,000 written comments and “ thousands of pages of technical and scientific documentation . ”
Asked if there was White House influence , Johnson said , “ My decision was an independent decision . ”
State officials and environmentalists said the energy bill , although helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions nationally , was no substitute for California ’s efforts , which would go further and achieve results faster .
Although the energy bill requires a fleet - wide average of 35 mpg by 2020 , California officials say the state law would result in a 36 - mpg average four years earlier .
California ’s law would also regulate a broader spectrum of greenhouse gases , including refrigerants from vehicle air conditioners , and it governs the emissions of a range of alternative fuels , not just gasoline .
Under a waiver , California and other states could tighten their emission rules beyond 2020 , Nichols noted .
California has adopted a goal of reducing greenhouse gases 80 % by mid-century , the amount needed to avoid the most catastrophic effects of global warming , according to scientific consensus .
“ Ours is a more comprehensive program which extends into the future , ” Nichols said .
“ We get there faster , with a more flexible program . ”
A waiver is also critical to the state ’s efforts to comply with its 2006 landmark global warming law , which requires greenhouse gas emissions to be cut to 1990 levels by the year 2020 .
“ We need that waiver , ” Nichols said .
But if it is n’t granted , she added , “ we will proceed by other means .
I do n’t want to speculate on what those will be . ”
The decision also drew criticism from one of Johnson ’s predecessors , William K. Reilly , a former EPA administrator in the first Bush administration , who said that although the energy bill “ does indeed contain much that is commendable . . . the nation does not yet have the national comprehensive climate protection policy that would render state initiatives unnecessary . ”
“ California has frequently charted the course the country has followed , ” he said .
Dan Becker , former director of the Sierra Club ’s global warming program and now an environmental consultant , offered this reaction : “ Bush to California : Drop dead ! ”
richard.simon@latimes.com
janet.wilson@latimes.com
Simon reported from Washington and Wilson from Los Angeles .
Times staff writers Margot Roosevelt and Marc Lifsher contributed to this report from Los Angeles .
This picture creeps me out like crazy .
It is obviously possible to love your country , or your political candidate too much .
( CREEPY ! )
A completely charming excerpt from the ‘ People ’ section of UK news magazine The Week , discussing Ben Pridmore , current British and past world memory champion :
Ben Pridomore can be surprisingly absent - minded says Adam Lusher in The Sunday Telegraph .
The bespectacled accountant from Derby is Britain ’s “ memory champion ” and a world - class mental athlete .
He set a new record when he remembered 17 shuffled packs of cards in an hour .
“ It was last year at the World Championships ” , he recalls .
“ In London , somewhere in London .
Erm , where was it ?
No it ’s gone completely . ”
Pridmore does remember that : “ I hold all four card - remembering world records , and both binary number records .
I think they are the only world records I hold at the moment , although I have quite possibly forgotten a few .
Brazilian TV gave me this wonderful cloak .
They flew me to Rio just to memorise a pack of cards .
Now , where did I put it … ? ”
His memory is , he admits , highly selective .
“ Yes , I have a toned hippocampus , for anything pointless like cards or long numbers .
But with useful things , like names , I forget everything .
Go into a room and wonder why I ’m there ?
Happens to me all the time . ”
Former Air Force fighter pilot Russ Wittenberg , who flew over 100 combat missions in Vietnam , sat in the cockpit for Pan Am and United for over 30 years , and previously flew two of the actual airplanes that were allegedly hijacked on 9/11 ( United Airlines Flight 175 & 93 ) , does not believe the government 's official 9/11 conspiracy theory ...
RUSS WITTENBERG : " I flew the two actual aircraft which were involved in 9/11 ...
Fight number 175 and Flight 93 , the 757 that allegedly went down in Shanksville and Flight 175 is the aircraft that 's alleged to have hit the South Tower .
I do n't believe it 's possible for ... a so - called terrorist to train on a 172 , then jump in a cockpit of a 757 - 767 class cockpit , and vertical navigate the aircraft , lateral navigate the aircraft , and fly the airplane at speeds exceeding it 's design limit speed by well over 100 knots , make high - speed high - banked turns , .. pulling probably 5 , 6 , 7 G's ...
I could n't do it and I 'm absolutely positive they could n't do it . "
Let 's get to it .
Spaces and Expose
File stacks and fans
Quick Look
YouTube videos
Coverflow too , after waiting a bit for the images to load -- subsequent pans are lickity quick
Time Machine --
Oh it backed up the data ok which is the important bit we guess .
However , you can't get to it using their nifty time traveling interface .
Not that we expected to .
Launching the Time Machine app sends our G4 into a black hole of despair .
After bringing up a few random finder windows our Power Mac inevitably manages to escape from the other side after about a minute of machine - locking terror .
DVD Player --
Unexpectedly bad news here folks .
No matter what we did , even swapping out our after - market Pioneer DVR - 104 for the original Matshita PD - 2 LF - D110 DVD - ROM drive , Apple 's player crashes with that error above .
No Disney for you kids !
VLC 0.8.6 c --
Ok , it 's not an official part of the OS but with Apple 's DVD Player giving up the ghost we had to do something .
Sadly , VLC is dropping about 25 % of the frames making the viewing experience , well , awful .
Thing is , this version works just fine in Tiger .
We 're hoping ( really hoping ! ) for an updated release soon .
Front Row --
What , you do n't expect miracles do you ?
The application loaded , we could hear it , but the screen was black making it worthless .
Oops , that 's not the appropriate resolution for our screen , Apple .
Nevertheless , everything we need is front and center .
With our 20 GB disk formatted down to a paltry 19 GB , we braced for a clean install .
There 's always that secondary disk sporting Tiger ... just in case .
Of course , the first thing we did was to pare back the installation from 11.4GB to 5.9GB by deselecting the Printer Drivers , Additional Fonts , Language Translations , and X11 support from the default install .
We can always add them later , dig ?
The initial estimate of 32 minutes actually took only 20 minutes to install -- no upgrade here folks , just a clean OS .
Peppy , and much faster than we had anticipated .
We were up and dancing on the desktop and on our WiFi network in another 8 minutes after answering a few setup and configuration questions .
Mmmm , spacey .
Yes , it 's true .
With a whopping 12.78 GB left over , we 're ready to start testing apps .
If you 've already been using Tiger on your G4 then you wo n't notice any performance difference -- it 's still pretty snappy .
Granted , you wo n't get Stevenote - like cached performance but it 's certainly acceptable for casual use .
Surely , however , our ATI Rage 128 Pro graphics card will choke on all the fancy graphics .
Well , yes and no .
Here 's what worked :
And what did n't : So what 's the bottom line ?
We wish it were as simple as a one sentence summary .
We 'd like to recommend a G4 running Leopard as your kid's computer .
After all , this version finally brings some useful Parental Controls onto the scene to lock down , monitor , and more importantly , simplify the interface for your youngsters .
You can even monitor their use without having to fire up Apple 's Remote Desktop or some janky VNC application -- it 's all baked in and automatically setup .
Even the parental controls can be remotely managed without ever having to enter the scorched plastic hellscape of your toddlers room .
However , without the ability to playback movies , you 're missing out on the whole electronic - babysitter angle .
That 's why we 're leaving ours in dual - boot Leopard / Tiger mode for now .
You just never know when 90 minutes of silence might be required .
Best Laptops Buying Guide ( 2018 )
Today tablets have functions similar to laptops , but what about the keyboard or the size of the screen ?
If you want a laptop that also acts as a tablet , be sure you will find your happiness .
The Yoga 720 is a perfect example .
This tablet / hybrid laptop is one of the best in its class .
you can also use it for other purposes like gaming laptop , business laptop and many other uses .
Choosing a good mini laptop is no easy task but no worries , we are here to direct you !
There are often several configurations of a " same " computer .
Everything that is case , screen , keyboard or touch pad often remain similar but the amount of RAM , storage capacity , the processor or the graphics card can change within the same range .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Former FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover had a plan in 1950 to suspend the right to habeas corpus and imprison some 12,000 Americans he suspected of disloyalty , The New York Times reported on their web site on Saturday .
Former FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover in an undated photo .
Hoover had a plan in 1950 to suspend the right to habeas corpus and imprison some 12,000 Americans he suspected of disloyalty , The New York Times reported on their web site on Saturday .
REUTERS / FBI / Handout
Hoover wanted President Harry Truman to proclaim the mass arrests necessary to “ protect the country against treason , espionage and sabotage ” and sent the plan to the White House 12 days after the start of the Korean War , the Times reported , citing a newly declassified document .
There is no evidence to suggest Truman or any other president approved any part of Hoover ’s proposal .
According to the Hoover plan , the FBI would “ apprehend all individuals potentially dangerous ” to national security .
The arrests would come from a list of approximately 12,000 names that Hoover had been compiling for years , the Times said .
“ In order to make effective these apprehensions , the proclamation suspends the Writ of Habeas Corpus , ” Hoover ’s proposal said , referring to the right to seek relief from illegal detention , a centuries - old fundamental principle of law .
According to the Constitution , habeas corpus must prevail “ unless when in cases of rebellion or invasion , the public safety may require it . ”
But Hoover ’s proposal broadened that to include “ threatened invasion ” or “ attack upon United States troops in legally occupied territory , ” the Times said .
Prisoners would have the right to an eventual hearing from a board made up of one judge and two citizens .
The hearings , however , would “ not be bound by the rules of evidence , ” Hoover ’s letter added .
Habeas corpus is currently at issue in the United States , with President George W. Bush following the September 11 attacks issuing an order that effectively allowed the United States to hold suspects indefinitely without a hearing , a lawyer , or formal charges .
In September 2006 Congress passed a law suspending habeas corpus for anyone deemed an “ unlawful enemy combatant . ”
But the Supreme Court has reaffirmed the right of U.S. citizens to seek a writ of habeas corpus and the court this month heard arguments on whether some 300 foreigners held at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba had the same rights .
A ruling is expected by next summer .
Hoover ’s plan was declassified on Friday along with a collection of Cold War documents concerning intelligence issues from 1950 to 1955 , the Times said .
State officials from California and the other states , including New York , had threatened to sue the E.P.A. in order to get a decision on the waiver , accusing it of dragging its heels .
California first approved the regulations in 2003 .
Two years later , it submitted a request to the E.P.A. to put the standards into effect .
The agency initially argued that it did not have the authority to regulate greenhouse gas emissions under the Clean Air Act .
But earlier this year , the United States Supreme Court ruled that the agency could do so .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger of California and the attorney general , Edmund G. Brown Jr. , said Wednesday that they were prepared to " sue at the earlier possible moment " to try to force the E.P.A. to allow the state to set emissions standards .
Even if that happens , the states probably would not be able to implement the standards as soon as they had liked .
Any legal action might not be settled in time for the regulations to begin taking effect in 2009 , as California had hoped .
In recent months , the Bush administration has lost several major court cases over emissions and other environmental standards .
" This decision is like pulling over the fire trucks on their way to the blaze , " said Fred Krupp , president of Environmental Defense , which supported the waiver .
" For 40 years , E.P.A. administrators have recognized the important role that California plays in innovating new standards to fight pollution . "
Automobile companies praised the agency for rejecting the California request .
" We commend E.P.A. for protecting a national , 50 - state program , " said David McCurdy , president of the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers .
First Survivor Richard Hatch is n't Surviving Prison
Remember the first season of Survivor where one guy who refused to put on clothes ?
That was .
The unlucky Survivor winner decided not to pay taxes on his winnings and ended up in prison .
Unfortunately , we 're hearing that it's not going so good for the openly gay ex-Army man .
Richard is to spend a full 4 years in the clink and blames the reality show producer Mark Burnett for the whole thing .
Maybe Richard asked Mark to pay his taxes and Mark forgot .
I am sure that 's exactly what happened .
Jenna Morasca , also a former Survivor contestant , was talking smack about Richard .
She does n't think he will make it in prison because he is losing weight inside the pen and looks horrible .
Hmmm , a lot of people survive prison while being miserable and looking bad .
Hatch will undoubtedly kick himself in the ass every day for the next four years over his greedy decision .
Design : Plusminus ( Peter Crnokrak )
Manufacturer : Self - manufacture
Date : 2003
“ Being able to identify a public toilet seat that has just been sat upon ( and is thus still warm ) is of particular concern to a significant number of the population .
Without warning , one can easily sit upon a seat and be instantly repulsed by the trace evidence of a previous user .
Conversely , if one is looking for intimate contact with an anonymous stranger without the associated awkwardness of verbal discourse , one could seek out the warm toilet seat .
The decision to sit or not to sit is facilitated by the colour change of the seat : orange=cool , yellow=hot .
The object retains the heat memory of a previous user and displays it as a visual marker for the next user to assess . ” ( plusminus website )
An excellent piece of product design from expat graphic designer Peter Crnokrak .
By By Laura Trowbridge Feb 5 , 2007 in Entertainment
This is hilarious !
It 's hard to believe a business would have the gall to do this in New York where Hillary Clinton resides and works !
Hillary Special 2 Fat Thighs With Small Breast & a Left Wing
Very funny , but oh sooooo nasty !!
I would n't have the gall to do this as a business owner !
I wonder what kind of comments they 're getting from their customers ?!
Click on the link to see the witty sign from a New York KFC restaurant .
It 's rather small , so I 'll write what it says in case you can't read it yourself .
Hillary Special2 Fat Thighs WithSmall Breast &a Left WingVery funny , but oh sooooo nasty !!
I would n't have the gall to do this as a business owner !
I wonder what kind of comments they 're getting from their customers ?!
More about Kfc , Sign , New york , Hillary clinton KFC Sign New York Hillary Clinton
Out of the dozens upon dozens of reports of abuses by private contractors as part of the U.S. wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , only one prosecution of a contractor has taken place .
This , says a new report from Human Rights First [ .pdf ] , epitomizes the woefully insufficient response by the U.S. government to hold private contactors accountable for abuses against local nationals .
" Holding contractors responsible for criminal abuses has not been a high priority of the U.S. government , " said the report , " Private Security Contractors at War : Ending the Culture of Impunity , " which is based on interviews , court records , government reports , declassified documents , and other documentary sources .
" At times the government has appeared to view this issue with shocking indifference . "
" There was little in the way of standards for hiring and training security contractors .
There was no oversight of their activities .
And most glaring of all , there was absolutely no legal accountability for misconduct , " said Congressman David Price of North Carolina at a press conference to launch the report last week .
The report said that while the legal framework to deal with abuses by private security contractors is already in place , the U.S. Justice Department and in some cases the Defense Department have done little to respond to such charges , often forgoing investigations , let alone prosecutions .
" The Justice Department bears primary responsibility for this inaction , " said the report .
" Today most private security contractors operate in an environment where systems of criminal accountability are rarely used .
This has created a culture of impunity . "
The now - defunct Coalition Provisional Authority that ruled Iraq in the immediate aftermath of the fall of Saddam Hussein issued CPA Order No. 17 which gave contractors immunity from the Iraqi justice system , but the report says that this does not affect the ability of the U.S. government to go after its own citizens .
Speakers at the press conference and the report itself both said that the military does take some steps to curb criminal activity in Iraq .
More than 60 U.S. military personnel have been court marshaled for deaths of Iraqi nationals through the preexisting internal military criminal justice system .
However , just one contractor has been tried for violence or abuse toward local nationals , says the report , which examined over 600 classified Serious Incident Reports ( SIRs ) on incidents involving the use of force by or attacks upon private security contractors in Iraq over a nine - month period in 2004 - 2005 .
Contractors have emerged in recent years as a critical part of the war effort .
In previous wars , contractors played a much smaller role , but now they make up a major part of the U.S. force in Iraq .
Even following President George W. Bush ’s troop surge , private contractors working for the U.S. still outnumber military personnel in Iraq , with roughly 160,000 soldiers and 180,000 contractors .
The shift was part of former defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld ’s doctrine of fighting wars with fewer troops but has its origins in the " peace dividend " of the early 1990s that saw the end of the Cold War allowing for less defense spending .
The vast numbers of contractors in the forefront of wars , however , has not been accompanied by a bureaucratic system to deal with accountability .
The U.S. Code of Military Justice , a Pentagon Criminal Investigations Unit , and the military chain of command do not exist for contractors .
When the incidents of alleged contractor abuse began to publicly surface  largely focused on the role of contractors carrying out interrogations at Abu Ghraib prison 
Rumsfeld said that the contractors were largely responsible for policing themselves .
" Contractors should not be responsible for law enforcement , " said Columbia University law professor Scott Horton , noting that this is the primary function of the Justice Department .
" The bottom line is that the Justice Department has gone AWOL . "
With the executive branch taking few steps to deal with the issue , public outrage at news coverage of some of the incidents has prompted Congress to take some steps to strengthen oversight of contractors .
A bill passed in the House of Representatives solidifies Justice Department jurisdiction over contractors working as part of U.S. efforts in Iraq , and a nearly identical bill is due for action in the Senate .
But the report warns that jurisdiction has not been a major obstacle .
Rather , the problem has been insufficient " political will and resources . "
The report suggests mandating congressional oversight with regard to private security contractors and creating and funding a specific office within the Justice Department ’s Criminal Division .
" This is an issue of resource deployment , " said Horton , noting that of the 200 or so Justice Department personnel in Iraq , none of them work in law enforcement .
The report came at the end of a turbulent week for contractors .
Human Rights
Watch called last week for the Iraqi government to pass a law rescinding CPA Order No. 17  an effort that passed the Iraqi cabinet but has thus far languished in parliament .
Blackwater Worldwide , one of the best known security contractors because of its large number of contracts and alleged involvement in abuses , has retained the services of a third Washington lobbying firm to deal with the fallout from several violent incidents .
Last September , in a case that garnered widespread attention , Blackwater employees protecting a State Department convoy reportedly fired without provocation into a crowd of Iraqis , killing at least 17 people .
The shooting led to some discussions about how to deal with contractor accountability , but the Human Rights First report says the new agreement between the State and Defense Departments " falls far short of mandating accountability . "
The continuing abuses , said the panelists at the press briefing , negatively impact the war on terror , creating problems both for the regular military as well as U.S. foreign policy in general .
Horton said that military personnel in Iraq had called private security contractors " jackasses with guns . "
He told IPS that with insurgent fighters sometimes unable to distinguish between the two , contractor abuses could bring negative attention to the military .
Retired naval Rear Admiral John Hutson , who served as the Navy ’s judge advocate general from 1997 to 2000 , warned that if abuses continue unchecked , the U.S. will " suffer consequences to our reputation overseas and our effectiveness as a fighting force . "
Gloria Garza does n’t have a whole lot .
But what she has , she clings to with pride .
She lives in a simple stucco house with a rustic wooden veranda and a well fashioned from odd stones her husband found around the state .
Kittens stretch lazily in the sun beside her porch .
Armadillos dart across her backyard .
Her two - acre lot is her heirloom , her link to a legacy that dates to 1767 , when Spain ’s King Carlos III gave her pioneer ancestors a porcion of property that started at the Rio Grande and stretched inland for miles .
So she is not going to be quiet while some bureaucrat in Washington tries to take it -- to build a border fence .
She does n’t want to become an unintended victim in a war against illegal immigration that she sees as misguided and wrong .
“ It would be heartbreaking , ” said Garza , 51 , who teaches tots in a Head Start program .
“ For us , this place has a sentimental value that is worth more than any amount of money . ”
Granjeno is a frontier town of about 400 people , where everyone seemingly lives a door down from their uncle and descends from the same rancheros .
It outlasted the rule of Spain , Mexico and the independent Republic of Texas .
But it might not survive the U.S. government ’s plan to build 370 miles of steel fencing along the border with Mexico .
Blueprints show that about a third of Granjeno ’s house lots lie in the fence ’s path , even though the town sits more than a mile from the Rio Grande , the dividing line between the U.S. and Mexico .
The fence would run alongside an earthen levee that passes just south of Granjeno , because federal officials fear that if it were built by the river it would be worn away by flooding .
“ I always thought , I ’ll serve my country , they ’ll pay me a little money and I ’d build my house here and retire , ” said Mayor Alberto Magallan , 73 , a 20 - year Air Force veteran .
“ Now , a government man comes and tells me he ’s going to take my land ?
It ’s not right . ”
Granjeno weathered the racially charged land fights that shook the Rio Grande Valley after the Civil War , when Anglo newcomers acquired property through schemes that included using the Texas Rangers to intimidate the Tejanos , earlier Texans of Mexican or Spanish descent .
Granjeno persevered again a decade ago , when it fought off Hidalgo County power brokers who decided that the path to prosperity after the North American Free Trade Agreement was a big bridge to Mexico that would run right over the town and consume much of it .
But this fight may be the last for Granjeno , which is named for a thorny shrub with bright orange berries that is said to bloom more beautifully here than anywhere else .
Federal officials stress that the fence ’s location in Granjeno , just like the rest of the 70 miles of border walls being planned for the lower Rio Grande Valley , is subject to change .
“ No final decisions have been made in the construction of fencing in that area , ” said Michael Friel , a spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection in Washington .
“ The input from the community will be a vital part of the process . ”
Yet Border Patrol leaders have made it clear that they believe places like Granjeno -- where drug smugglers and illegal immigrants can cross the river and slip into someone ’s house within minutes -- are where physical barriers are needed most .
Wary locals note that government officials have already been knocking on doors , asking residents to sign release forms granting access to their properties so that surveyors can begin plotting where the fence will go .
Many old - timers refused to sign , worried that if the properties are condemned , Granjeno will be too small to carry on .
In response to similar resistance all along the border in Texas , Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said this month that he would take landowners to court to seize property if needed , and also pledged that he would not pay more than market price for land .
Some in Granjeno argue that as descendants of the Spanish land grant families , they have property rights that the federal government cannot take away .
A few attorneys think they may be right and recently offered to represent Granjeno ’s citizens pro bono .
But in a post - Sept. 11 environment , legal experts said , there ’s virtually no chance of stopping a fence that ’s touted as a way to make the nation safer .
“ The way things look , nothing is going to be left , ” said Garza ’s uncle , Daniel Garza , 73 .
“ Then two miles west , the fence is going to stop .
Do they really think people wo n’t go around ? ”
Similar complaints are heard from El Paso to Brownsville , in river towns only a football field away from sister cities in Mexico , where the prevailing culture has long been bilingual and binational , and where everyone knows someone on the other side .
Many border residents still can’t believe that a fence they ridiculed as a politician ’s pipe dream is about to become reality .
They ’re stunned that the wild river that served as the playground of their youth will soon look like a military zone .
But in Granjeno , the mood is especially melancholy .
People feel like they are being fenced off from their heritage .
Granjeno was once a rambling expanse of small ranchos that spanned thousands of acres of brushy country .
The homesteads were owned by descendants of the land - grant families , the Munguias and the Bocanegras , and Tejano families such as the Garzas and Anzalduas that got parcels through business deals and marriages .
Most existed well before the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo , which recognized the Rio Grande as the border between Texas and Mexico in 1848 .
“ We did n’t come to the United States , ” said Rey Anzaldua , 62 .
“ The United States came to us . ”
Citrus farms , housing developments and flood - control projects chipped away at Granjeno over the last century , leaving little but some working - class families with historic last names .
Now the town is just a city hall , a church , a cluster of small houses and one business -- a bar with cinder - block walls named Cabrera ’s Place -- all crammed into a third of a square mile .
Crumbling plaster - coated buildings teeter next to sturdy brick homes .
Ponies wander in fenced yards beside broken - down trucks .
Granjeno is so poor that until it recently installed solar - powered lamps , its streets went dark at night .
The per-capita income is $ 9,022 .
Half of the population lives below the poverty line .
It only got around to incorporating as a city in the last decade , when the border bridge threatened its existence .
The town has little political clout in today ’s lower Rio Grande Valley , one of the nation ’s fastest - growing regions .
“ We have no voice in government , ” said Granjeno ’s unofficial historian , Yolanda Martinez , 61 , who is Rey Anzaldua ’s sister .
“ Money talks , and we have none . ”
Though Granjeno is short on wealth , it is rich in tradition .
Families that left years ago dutifully return to bury their dead in pastoral El Granjeno Cemetery .
It was founded in 1872 by the heir to a sheep ranch named Don Juan Garza to inter his brother Antonio , who was killed in a gunfight across the river in Reynosa .
Fresh flowers adorn family plots memorializing men who served in the Civil War , World War II and Vietnam .
Among the marble and brick gravestones is a marker for Sgt. Luis Ramirez , who reportedly meant to sign up for the Confederacy like most Texans but mistakenly enlisted with the Union side instead .
Sotero Anzaldua , 39 , who trims the trees and keeps the gravestones clean , thinks a border fence may do some good .
“ The government has a right to do what it wants , ” he said in Spanish .
He blamed river - crossers for a burglary at his brother ’s house .
But most here do n’t believe illegal immigration is becoming worse , or was ever bad .
Gloria Garza fondly recalled that her mother used to leave aromatic plates of tacos on her porch at night -- a token of Tejano hospitality for the migrants trudging north .
If anything , the clannish Granjeno folk -- who shift easily between Spanish and English , often midsentence -- seem more leery of newcomers such as the Border Patrol and the Minutemen than they are of illegal immigrants and drug- runners .
Anyone not native to Granjeno is always going to be viewed with suspicion by some , no matter how long they ’ve been around .
“ He ’s still on probation ! ” joked former Mayor Vicente Garza , 55 , pointing to his 79 - year - old neighbor .
Felix de la Cruz , who fell in love with a Granjeno girl when Harry Truman was president , has lived in town since 1951 .
Napoleon Garza wanted to show off a side of old Granjeno that was fast fading into memory .
So the 31 - year - old son of Vicente Garza , and nephew of Gloria Garza , hopped into his dilapidated car and headed beyond the earthen levee toward the Rio Grande .
The government had condemned many acres in Granjeno to build the levee during the 1970s .
But there were still a few isolated homesteads to the south , including one with a perimeter of cactuses serving as a crude fence , and another that was inhabited by a man of scant words whom locals called “ The Mexican Redneck . ”
The redneck was n’t home , so Garza drove over a dead cottonmouth snake and kept going until he reached a resaca , or abandoned riverbed , where the Rio Grande ran decades ago before shifting course .
Then he headed for the river .
“ This is what I ’m going to miss , ” he said as he stood by the banks , staring at the slowly moving water .
For all his life he has hunted javelinas , pig - like critters , at this spot , he explained .
Next he drove a few minutes west to the site of another massive public works project that was taking shape .
Construction crews were lining up orderly rows of monolithic concrete pillars -- the foundation for the international bridge Granjeno had successfully fought against a decade ago .
It was being built just outside the town .
Called the Anzalduas Bridge , it ’s expected to ease long wait times at the border when it opens in 2009 .
With the bridge and the border fence , Granjeno would be walled off by manufactured structures on two sides .
Garza walked down to the slope where the 10 - foot - tall Carrizo cane weeds had been cleared in preparation for the final pillars , and began chatting up a Mexican man who sat minding a fishing pole on the opposite bank , which was less than 50 yards away .
“ He ’s a lookout , ” Garza concluded , and drove back to town .
Minutes earlier , Garza had pointed out that he was running over one of the electronic sensors the Border Patrol plants in the ground to detect movements .
Soon , he predicted , he ’d have company .
As he pulled into Granjeno , a white Border Patrol truck raced up .
The agent quickly realized he was dealing with locals , not drug - runners , and sped away .
But that did not stop a car full of neighborhood kids from pulling beside Garza and shouting “ Dame la maleta ! ” ( “ Give me the suitcase ! ” ) to make fun of the border cop who mistook Garza for a smuggler .
Garza ignored them .
“ Pretty soon , it will all be behind the wall , ” he said sadly .
“ I wo n’t even be able to pick blackberries down there no more . ”
miguel.bustillo@latimes.com
Anorexic French actress Isabelle Caro appeared in the campaign
The image " commercially exploited " the illness , the advertising body said .
The image , bearing the words " No Anorexia " , was first displayed during Milan Fashion Week in September .
It was shot by controversial Italian photographer Oliviero Toscani , who called the ban " censorship " and said he was considering legal action .
Mr Toscani - who created advertising campaigns for Italian fashion label Benetton from 1982 to 2000 - once photographed a man dying of Aids for a Benetton campaign .
' Human dignity '
The image showing anorexic French actress Isabelle Caro , for Italian fashion label Nolita , was published in newspapers and featured on billboards during fashion week .
The photo is shocking for everyone , particularly those who are sick , and has been set up for commercial ends
Giorgio Floridia
IAP president
Most of the billboards have already been removed , but one remains in Rome .
The Publicity Control Institute ( IAP ) ruled that the image breached articles one and 10 of its code of conduct .
Article one states that advertising must be " honest , truthful and accurate .
It must avoid anything that could discredit it " .
Article 10 states that advertising must not offend " moral , civic and religious " beliefs and must " respect human dignity in all its forms and expressions " .
" The photo is shocking for everyone , particularly those who are sick , and has been set up for commercial ends , " IAP President Giorgio Floridia told AFP news agency .
Last month , France 's advertising watchdog , the Advertising Verification Bureau ( BVP ) also ruled that the image breached its code of conduct .
But during Milan fashion week , Italian health minister Livia Turco backed the billboard , saying it could " promote responsibility towards the problem of anorexia " .
The photographer , Mr Toscani , told Reuters news agency he was considering seeking " moral and economic " damages .
" The health minister said the campaign went well , " he said .
" Who should I listen to - the health minister or a private justice corporation ?
It is late when the campaign is already done . "
The advertising campaign came amid a debate among fashion circles on the use of " ultra - skinny " models on the catwalk .
Last year , Madrid fashion week organisers banned ultra-skinny models , while Milan has required medical certificates for under - weight models since February .
In the face of ethical concerns , Google is considering changes to its Street View Google Maps feature that would protect the privacy of those it photographs .
When Street View is rolled out in Europe , Google will alter Street View photos to make sure that faces and license plate numbers are no longer visible , and the company is also thinking about doing the same with the U.S. version of the product , said Jane Horvath , senior privacy counsel with Google .
Developed by Immersive Media , Street View lets users click on a city street and then see a panoramic photograph of the area .
The pictures are taken by special 360 - degree cameras roof - mounted on Volkswagen Beetles that cruise around town , constantly snapping photographs .
The photos are often so clear that people on the street can be identified .
Soon after its
May launch , photographs of scantily clad women and men apparently entering adult book stores or strip clubs appeared , and privacy advocates complained that the Street View was invasive .
Electronic Frontier Foundation attorney Kevin Bankston was photographed by the service and was among those who complained .
Google responded by creating a way for people to remove their photos , but in many other countries the company will have to take the more aggressive privacy measures .
" In other jurisdictions ... like Canada and the E.U. , when we launch our product there , we 'll be under an obligation to ensure that faces are not recognizable , nor are license tags , " Horvath said at a Thursday discussion at the Commonwealth Club in San Francisco .
" As we launch those products we will be thinking within our product teams whether this is something that we 'd like to do within the U.S. also . "
Street View maps are available for 15 U.S. cities , including San Francisco , Los Angeles , New York and Miami .
In the U.S. , Google can legally publish photographs taken in public places without securing permission from people who happen to pop up in the shots , but this practice violates privacy laws in many other countries .
And even if it 's legal , some may still be uncomfortable with the photographs , Horvath admitted .
" It 's sort of that ' ick ' feeling that something makes you feel uncomfortable , " she said .
" Our products are not static and we 're always open to changing them to make sure our users feel comfortable and trust us with their information . "
" I think this calls into question the whole idea of whether privacy is something that needs to be regulated by law or if there 's this other concept of privacy that we need to look at , which is the right to autonomy . "
Last updated at 20:38 26 January 2008
Two colossal towers rise drunkenly from a sea of grey high - rise blocks .
Their summits are joined by a bridge jutting out at a bizarre right angle .
Another L - shaped link at the base completes this loop of steel and glass .
Yet thanks to this seemingly impossible architecture , the China Central Television Centre will be able to withstand an earthquake measuring eight on the Richter scale .
The 768ft ( 234 m ) building in Beijing is as tall as One Canada Square at Canary Wharf , yet totters at an angle of 10 degrees , almost twice the deviation of the Leaning Tower of Pisa .
Scroll down for more ...
Listed by Time magazine as one of the ten new architectural wonders of the world , it was designed by Dutch architect Rem Koolhass and London - based structural engineer Cecil Balmond .
Construction started in 2004 and the £ 400 million , 52 - storey building will be completed in time to broadcast the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games .
Joining the two towers with the skybridge was so delicate that it had to be done at 4 am , when the metal was at its coolest , to avoid expansion .
Arup , the British firm responsible for the project , said : " The building 's primary support is achieved through its skin of leaning columns . "
TV - shows are by far the most popular files on BitTorrent sites .
On Mininova alone , some episodes are downloaded more than 2 million times .
Movies are a good second , with over 500.000 downloads for the most popular titles .
The popularity of movies and TV - shows has n’t gone unnoticed , with some TV - studios allegedly use BitTorrent as a marketing tool , and others leaking unaired pilots intentionally .
Independent filmmakers also benefit from spreading their files on BitTorrent .
It is completely free and enables them to reach a huge audience .
We made a list of the most downloaded movies and TV - shows of 2007 , including the number of downloads the most popular torrents got on Mininova .
Note that the actual download count is much higher since there are often more torrents for the same file , and there are more BitTorrent sites of course .
The data used for these lists is retrieved from Mininova and considered to be a representative sample .
Movies
TV - Shows
As we have pointed out before , the entertainment industry should learn how to embrace technology and compete with piracy , instead of fighting its customers .
The rise of illegal downloading is a signal that customers want something that is not available through other channels , it ’s more about availability than the fact that it ’s free , as illustrated by the huge number of downloads TV - shows have .
** NOTE TO READERS **
If you reached this Web page after clicking on a " Privacy Alert " pop-up advertisement , please read the following :
This is not a Wired News ad .
The Wired News content and link displayed in the " Privacy Alert " pop-up advertisement are being used without the permission of Wired News and its parent company , TerraLycos .
We are trying to locate the company responsible for running the ad so that we can delete any references to Wired News .
Unfortunately , we do not know how to remove the ad from your computer if you have downloaded it .
However , we share with your frustration in dealing with insidious third - party advertising efforts like this one .
- The Wired News Editorial Team
If you feel your privacy at work has been eroding lately , it 's probably more than just your imagination .
Experts say companies are under increasing pressure to monitor employees electronically , and workers should assume they are being watched .
Concerns about liability in harassment suits , skyrocketing losses from employee theft , and productivity losses from employees shopping or peeping at porn from their cubicles have led to an explosion in the number of companies conducting some form of electronic monitoring on their employees .
Over the past year , the battle of security vs. privacy in the workplace has been heating up .
A study ( PDF file ) published in April 2000 by the American Management Association pushed the issue into the headlines last spring .
The study found the number of companies conducting some form of " active monitoring " of their employees had jumped from 45 percent in 1998 to 74 percent in 1999 .
E- mail monitoring rose from 27 to 38 percent over the same period .
International Data Corporation ( IDC ) estimates that corporations worldwide spent $ 62 million on Internet filtering and monitoring software in 1999 .
An IDC study predicts that figure will rise to $ 561 million by 2005 .
New products such as Raytheon 's SilentRunner allow companies to monitor absolutely everything passing over their network , from e-mails to instant messages , in any language without the end user 's knowledge .
In response to rising concerns over increased employee monitoring , Congress considered legislation last year requiring companies to notify employees if they are being watched .
The bill , called the Notice of Electronic Monitoring Act ( NEMA ) , died in committee but is expected to be reintroduced this year .
California Governor Gray Davis vetoed similar state legislation twice .
Only Connecticut currently requires employers to notify their workers of monitoring .
According to Michael Overly , partner in the Internet law group at Foley & Lardner and author of E - Policy : How To Develop Computer , E - Policy , and Internet Guidelines to Protect Your Company and Its Assets , a worker 's right to privacy is technically protected under state law , but there 's a catch .
" All states have a right to privacy based on a ' reasonable expectation of privacy , ' " Overly said .
" But the courts have said that if there is a written policy notifying employees of monitoring , there is no expectation of privacy . "
This means that if an employee is led to expect something is private , such as e-mail communications , then that privacy cannot be violated .
But , if the company informs its employees that , for example , e-mail sent over the company 's network is monitored , then the employee can no longer claim an " expectation of privacy . "
In short , once the company stakes its claim over its cyber - dominion , its employees have no right to privacy there .
" I tell employees that if they want to have a truly private communications , do n't have them from work , " Shanti Atkins said .
Atkins heads content development for Employment Law Learning Technologies , a consulting firm that helps corporations create privacy policies that reduce their risk of getting sued for invading their employees privacy , or , on the other hand , for not doing enough to protect them from harassment .
Corporations are really in a bind , Atkins said .
They can be sued either for violating an employee 's privacy by exercising too much control over electronic communication or Internet use , but also for not exercising enough control and allowing workers to be subjected to harassment .
Atkins said the key for successfully managing the balancing act between privacy and security is for firms to make clear to their employees that their privacy at work is limited .
" Lowering expectation of privacy is the No. 1 thing they can do to protect themselves from privacy litigation , " she said .
" It 's not really about Big Brother watching .
We 've seen e-mail evidence becoming hot evidence in harassment suits , and employers have a duty to be sure harassment is n't being propagated . "
While acknowledging that the risks of liability facing employers are real , Deborah Pierce , a privacy attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation , cautioned employers against using security and liability concerns as an excuse to subject their employees to demeaning levels of surveillance .
" By constantly monitoring , what kind of an environment are you creating there ?
Companies need to weigh that in their equation , " she said .
" It boils down to human dignity .
People just do n't want to be watched all the time , and happy workers are productive workers , " she said .
But workers may also have to pay a price to maintain the right to anonymous e-mail .
Overly said harassment of corporations and individual employees in the workplace from anonymous e-mail accounts is a growing problem without a clear solution .
" One disgruntled employee can cause harm to a huge corporation with one free e-mail account , " he said .
He cited one case at a manufacturing facility in the Midwest where every single female employee received threatening e-mails through an anonymous account .
The messages were disturbing enough – " I 'm gonna get you when you walk to your car , " etc. – to throw the whole factory into turmoil .
A company 's good name is easy prey as well .
Overly estimates his office receives three calls a week from companies that have been victimized by anonymous e-mail communications .
A typical tactic involves doctoring an abusive message to make it appear as though it was sent by the company , then sending it out to thousands as spam .
" There 's nothing like getting a call from an executive saying they 're getting 50 complaints an hour from people who have received a fraudulent harassment e-mail and having to tell them there is nothing they can do to stop it , " he said .
" That 's what has so many people upset . "
There is something companies can do : tighten control over what is sent and received over e-mail .
If a corporation 's own e-mail can be submitted as evidence in harassment cases against them , it has an incentive – some say even a legal obligation – to keep tabs on what their employees are writing and receiving through e-mail .
Two recent Supreme Court decisions found that once a case of harassment comes to an employer 's attention , the company has to try to stop the abuse and work to make sure it does n't happen again .
Otherwise , the company can be held liable .
" The decision essentially says that an employer may have a defense ( against a harassment suit ) if it can establish it used reasonable care to prevent what happened and acted promptly to remedy the situation , " Overly said .
This burden accounts for part of the explosive rise in the use of filtering and monitoring software , he said .
The latest trend is to implement software that will stop potentially abusive e-mail messages before the damage is done .
" If you look at every single harassment case , it involves a supervisor harassing an employee .
It 's hard for the employee to go over their head . "
Microsoft , he said , is developing a product that an employer can use to block messages with content the company deems offensive from ever reaching its employees .
Brian Burke , who analyzes the filtering market for IDC , sees similar corporate concern over workplace use of the Internet .
This has motivated companies to move away from simply filtering Net content and toward what IDC calls Employee Internet Management ( EIM ) .
Filtering is " negative , " Burke said , meaning it allows everything through except for sites on the filter 's block list .
But the pace at which new websites are created means that filtering programs demand constant updating .
Burke sees the trend moving away from this method of controlling access and toward a more " positive " model .
While " positive " access control sounds good , what it means , essentially , is telling employees which sites they can visit – with access blocked to all others .
This is opposed to allowing nearly unlimited Internet access with only pornography or other particular sites blocked .
In short , if Burke is right , EIM is another sign of reduced electronic freedom at work .
The overall message to employers from ELT 's Atkins is cautionary : " This tech revolution has opened a can of worms , and you better be careful . "
If the explosion in monitoring is any indication , employers are getting the message .
Workers sending personal e-mail or surfing the day away may be wise to heed the same advice .
Best Film Speeches and Monologues
Title Screen Film Title / Year and Description of Film Speech / Monologue Screenshots
The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari ( 1920 , Ger. ) ( Silent film )
Screenwriter(s ) : Carl Mayer , Hans Janowitz
The Promotion of a Somnambulist Outside of his carnival exhibit tent next to a life - sized poster representation , Dr. Caligari ( Werner Krauss ) promoted his deadly somnambulist Cesare ( Conrad Veidt ) to a crowd of fairgoers : Step rrrrright up .
Presenting here for the first time .
Cesare , the Somnambulist .
The miraculous Cesare , twenty - three years old , he has slept for twenty - three years -- Continuously -- Day and Night .
Right before your eyes , Cesare will awaken from his death - like trance .
Step right in !
Metropolis ( 1927 , Germ . ) ( Silent film )
Screenwriter(s ) : Thea von Harbou , Fritz Lang Parable of Babel Maria ( Brigitte Helm ) told the parable or legend of the Tower of Babel to teach the workers -- and a hidden Freder Fredersen ( Gustav Frohlich ) , about the importance of cooperation and unity , as she clutched her breast : Come , let us build us a tower whose top may reach unto the stars !
And on top of the tower we will write the words : Great is the world and its Creator !
And great is Man ! ... but the minds that had conceived the Tower of Babel could not build it .
The task was too great .
So they hired hands for wages .
But the hands that built the Tower of Babel knew nothing of the dream of the brain that had conceived it .
BABEL !
BABEL !
BABEL !
One man 's hymns of praise became other men's curses .
People spoke the same language , but could not understand each other ... " HEAD and HANDS need a mediator . "
" THE MEDIATOR BETWEEN HEAD AND HANDS MUST BE THE HEART !
All Quiet on the Western Front ( 1930 )
Screenwriter(s ) : George Abbott Preaching the " Glory of the Fatherland " Play clip ( excerpt ) : Jingoistic schoolmaster Professor Kantorek ( Arnold Lucy ) preached the " Glory of the Fatherland " to his classroom of young German students , who sat and listened intently at their school desks .
He advocated " glory for the Fatherland , " inspiring and rousing the entire class of young boys to enlist in the army and fight Germany 's enemies :
You are the life of the Fatherland , you boys .
You are the iron men of Germany .
You are the gay heroes who will repulse the enemy when you are called upon to do so .
It is not for me to suggest that any of you should stand up and offer to defend his country .
But I wonder if such a thing is going through your heads ?
I know that in one of the schools , the boys have risen up in the classroom and enlisted in a mass .
But , of course , if such a thing should happen here , you would not blame me for a feeling of pride .
Perhaps , some will say that you should not be allowed to go yet , that you are too young , that you have homes , mothers , fathers , that you should not be torn away .
Are your fathers so forgetful of their Fatherland that they would let it perish rather than you ?
Are your mothers so weak that they cannot send a son to defend the land which gave them birth ?!
And after all , is a little experience such a bad thing for a boy ?
Is the honor of wearing a uniform something from which we should run ?
And if our young ladies glory in those who wear it , is that anything to be ashamed of ?
I know you have never desired the adulation of heroes .
That has not been part of my teaching .
We have sought to make ourselves worthy and let acclaim come when it would .
But to be foremost in battle is a virtue not to be despised .
I believe it will be a quick war , that there will be few losses .
But if losses there must be , then let us remember the Latin phrase which must have come to the lips of many a Roman when he stood embattled in a foreign land : ' Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori . '
' Sweet and fitting it is to die for the Fatherland . '
Some of you may have ambitions .
I know of one young man who has great promise as a writer , and he has written the first act of a tragedy which would be a credit to one of the masters .
And he is dreaming , I suppose , of following in the footsteps of Goethe and Schiller , and I hope he will .
But now our country calls !
The Fatherland needs leaders !!
Personal ambition must be thrown aside in the one great sacrifice for our country !
Here is a glorious beginning to your lives !
The fields of honor calls you .
All Quiet on the Western Front ( 1930 )
Screenwriter(s ) : George Abbott
In the Trenches With a Dying Enemy Soldier
In perhaps the most memorable , painfully bleak scene of the film , young soldier Paul Baumer ( Lew Ayres ) became trapped in a World War I shell hole with a mortally wounded Frenchman , and he was forced to remain with the groaning , dying man through the night as life slowly ebbed from the man .
Anguished when the man died , Paul spoke to the corpse - he delivered an impassioned speech to the man , pleading for forgiveness from the corpse of the soldier he had killed .
In other circumstances , the Frenchman could have been a friend or a comrade rather than the enemy : I want to help you .
I want to help you ...
( He listened to the dying man 's screams ) Stop that !
Stop it !
Stop it !
I can bear the rest of it .
I can't listen to that !
Why do you take so long dying ?
You 're going to die anyway .
Oh , no .
Oh , no .
You wo n't die .
Oh , no .
You wo n't die .
They 're only little wounds .
You 'll get home .
You 'll be all right .
You 'll get home long before I will .
You know I can't run away .
That 's why you accuse me .
I tell you , I did n't want to kill you .
I tried to keep you alive .
If you jumped in here again , I would n't do it .
You see , when you jumped in here , you were my enemy - and I was afraid of you .
But you 're just a man like me , and I killed you .
Forgive me , comrade .
Say that for me .
Say you forgive me !
Oh , no .
You 're dead !
Only you 're better off than I am .
You 're through .
They can't do any more to you now .
Oh , God , why did they do this to us ?
We only wanted to live , you and I .
Why should they send us out to fight each other ?
If we threw away these rifles and these uniforms , you could be my brother just like Kat and Albert .
You 'll have to forgive me , comrade .
I 'll do all I can .
I 'll write to your parents .
I 'll write to --- I 'll write to your wife .
I 'll write to her .
I promise she 'll not want for anything .
And I 'll help her and your parents , too .
Only forgive me .
Forgive me .
Forgive me !
Forgive me !
( sobbing )
All Quiet on the Western Front ( 1930 )
Screenwriter(s ) : George Abbott Realities of War Play clip ( excerpt ) : Returning student Paul Baumer ( Lew Ayres ) was encouraged to give a speech to his Professor 's class of young students after experiencing warfare 's despair .
Some were at first enthusiastic to listen to him , but then thought he was a coward : I can't say anything ... I can't tell you anything you do n't know .
We live in the trenches out there .
We fight .
We try not to be killed ; sometimes we are .
That 's all .... I 've been there !
I know what it 's like ....
I heard you in here reciting that same old stuff , making more iron men , more young heroes .
You still think it 's beautiful and sweet to die for your country , do n't you ?
We used to think you knew .
The first bombardment taught us better .
It 's dirty and painful to die for your country .
When it comes to dying for your country , it 's better not to die at all .
There are millions out there dying for their countries , and what good is it ?... You asked me to tell them how much they 're needed out there .
( to the boys ) He tells you , ' Go out and die . '
Oh , but if you 'll pardon me , it 's easier to say ' go out and die ' than it is to do it ....
And it 's easier to say it than to watch it happen ....
It 's no use talking like this .
You wo n't know what I mean .
Only , it 's been a long while since we enlisted out of this classroom .
So long , I thought maybe the whole world had learned by this time .
Only now , they 're sending babies , and they wo n't last a week !
I should n't have come on leave .
Up at the front , you 're alive or you 're dead , and that 's all .
You can't fool anybody about that very long .
Up there , we know we 're lost and done for , whether we 're dead or alive .
Three years we 've had of it -- four years .
And every day a year , and every night a century .
And our bodies are earth .
And our thoughts are clay .
And we sleep and eat with death .
And we 're done for , because you can't live that way and keep anything inside you .
I should n't have come on leave .
I 'll go back tomorrow .
I 've got four days more , but I can't stand it here !
I 'll go back tomorrow .
Sorry .
Animal Crackers ( 1930 )
Screenwriter(s ) : Morrie Ryskind " How I Shot An Elephant in My Pajamas " Before an audience , returning Captain Jeffrey T. Spaulding ( Groucho Marx ) , a noted African jungle explorer , recounted a hilarious account of his adventurous African safari : Friends , I 'm gonna tell you of the great , mysterious , wonderful continent known as Africa .
Africa is God 's country , and He can have it .
Well , sir , we left New York drunk and early on the morning of February 2nd .
After fifteen days on the water and six on the boat , we finally arrived on the shores of Africa .
We at once proceeded three hundred miles into the heart of the jungle , where I shot a polar bear .
This bear was six foot seven in his stocking feet and had shoes on ....
Oh you did !
Well , this bear was anemic and he could n't stand the cold climate .
He was a rich bear and he could afford to go away for the winter .
You take care of your animals and I 'll take care of mine !
Frozen North , my eye !
From the day of our arrival , we led an active life .
The first morning saw us up at six , breakfasted , and back in bed at seven - this was our routine for the first three months .
We finally got so we were back in bed at six thirty .
One morning , I was sitting in front of the cabin , smoking some meat ... Yes .
There was n't a cigar store in the neighborhood .
As I say , I was sitting in front of the cabin when I bagged six tigers ... Six of the biggest tigers ... I bagged them .
I ...I bagged them to go away , but they hung around all afternoon .
They were the most persistent tigers I 've ever seen .
The principal animals inhabiting the African jungle are moose , elks and Knights of Pythias .
Of course , you all know what a moose is .
That 's big game .
The first day , I shot two bucks .
That was the biggest game we had .
As I say , you all know what a moose is ?
A moose runs around on the floor , and eats cheese , and is chased by the cats .
The elks , on the other hand live up in the hills , and in the spring they come down for their annual convention .
It is very interesting to watch them come to the water hole .
And you should see them run when they find it is only a water hole .
What they 're looking for is an ' elk - a- hole ' .
One morning , I shot an elephant in my pajamas .
How he got in my pajamas , I do n't know .
Then we tried to remove the tusks .
The tusks .
That 's not so easy to say , tusks .
You try that some time ...
As I say , we tried to remove the tusks , but they were embedded in so firmly that we could n't bust them .
Of course , in Alabama , the Tusk - a - loosa .
But , uh , that 's entirely ir - elephant to what I was talking about .
We took some pictures of the native girls , but they were n't developed .
But we 're going back again in a couple of weeks .
Dracula ( 1931 )
Screenwriter(s ) : Hamilton Deane , John L. Balderston , Garrett Fort Nocturnal Visitation by Dracula Mina Seward ( Helen Chandler ) described to her fiancee John Harker ( David Manners ) a " dream " she had -- after a nocturnal visitation by batlike vampire Dracula ( Bela Lugosi ) while she was sleeping :
And just as I was commencing to get drowsy , I heard dogs howling .
And when the dream came , it seemed the whole room was filled with mist .
It was so thick , I could just see the lamp by the bed , a tiny spark in the fog .
And then I saw two red eyes staring at me , and a white livid face came down out of the mist .
It came closer and closer .
I felt its breath on my face , and then its lips , ohhh , ( whimpering ) ...
And then , in the morning , I felt so weak .
It seemed as if all the life had been drained out of me .
Dracula ( 1931 )
Screenwriter(s ) : Hamilton Deane , John L. Balderston , Garrett Fort The Legend of Dracula Throughout the second portion of the film , eminent scientist and middle - European ( Netherlands ) doctor - Professor Van Helsing ( Edward Van Sloan ) spoke about the legendary vampire Dracula .
Having dedicated his entire life to battling the undead , Van Helsing explained that vampires were not pure myth or superstition .
He identified Dracula as " our vampire , " and then described the characteristics and habits of vampires .
Later , to protect Mina ( Helen Chandler ) already under Dracula 's influence , he gave instructions for her safety : Gentlemen , we are dealing with the undead ... Yes , Nosferatu , the undead , the vampire .
The vampire attacks the throat .
It leaves two little wounds , white with red centers .
Dr. Seward , your patient Renfield whose blood I have just analyzed , is obsessed with the idea that he must devour living things in order to sustain his own life ... I may be able to bring you proof , that the superstition of yesterday can become the scientific reality of today ...
Dracula is our vampire .
A vampire casts no reflection in the glass .
That is why Dracula smashed the mirror ... The strength of the vampire is that people will not believe in him ....
A vampire , Mr. Harker , is a being that lives after its death by drinking the blood of the living .
It must have blood or it dies .
Its power lasts only from sunset to sunrise .
During the hours of the day , it must rest in the earth in which it was buried ... he must have brought his native soil with him , boxes of it .
Boxes of earth , large enough for him to rest in ...
Miss Mina is to wear this wreath of wolfsbane when she goes to bed .
Watch her closely , and see that she does not remove it in her sleep ...
And under no circumstances must these windows be opened tonight ... You will recollect that Dracula cast no reflection in the mirror ... and that three boxes of earth were delivered to him at Carfax Abbey ... and knowing that a vampire must rest by day in his native soil , I am convinced that this Dracula is no legend but an undead creature whose life has been unnaturally prolonged ...
If you take her from under our protection , you will kill her ...
Mr. Harker .
I have devoted my lifetime to the study of many strange things , little - known facts which the world is perhaps better off for not knowing ....
Our only chance of saving Miss Mina 's life is to find the hiding place of Dracula 's living corpse and to drive a stake through its heart ... ( To Dracula ) Should you escape us , Dracula , we know how to save Miss Mina 's soul , if not her life ... And I will have Carfax Abbey torn down stone by stone , excavated a mile around .
I will find your earth box and drive that stake through your heart .
A Free Soul ( 1931 )
Screenwriter(s ) : Becky Gardiner A Drunken , Heart - Stopping Defense According to various sources , this melodramatic pre-Code film had the longest take in a commercial film up to its time .
The 14 - minute , uninterrupted monologue scene in the film 's conclusion , set in a courtroom , was played by Best Actor - winning Lionel Barrymore ( as Stephen Ashe ) .
The feat was accomplished by using two cameras simultaneously .
Ashe was defending his daughter Jan's ( Norma Shearer ) noble and steadfast ex-fiancee Dwight Winthrop ( Leslie Howard ) from charges of murdering her ex-lover / gambler Ace Wilfong ( Clark Gable ) , in order to preserve Jan 's honor .
Stephen Ashe argued for temporary insanity ( because of Ace 's lethal threats ) , although Dwight claimed non-payment of a gambling debt as the reason for the murder .
His client was acquitted , but Stephen collapsed of a heart attack as he finished his eloquent defense : ... I 'm going to ask you to listen with your hearts .
Dwight Winthrop knew that from the cradle on , through all her years , Jan Ashe listened to one man , only one , her father .
Dwight Winthrop knew this too , that she placed no moral value on this ugly thing until the result and the punshment threatened the rest of her life .
You who have sons should pray that they might have the nobility and kindness of this young man .
And you who have daughters must believe with him that she was not to blame .
It was through her father that she met this gambler , this beast .
Her father endorsed this unholy friendship , and when this man threatened the rest of her life , this father was n't there to protect his daughter .
All this Dwight Winthrop knew .
All this was caught in the whirlpool of his love .
The poor boy went insane .
And he 's not guilty of cold , deliberate murder .
There 's only one breast that you can surely pin the responsibility of this crime on .
Only one !
Stephen Ashe is guilty and nobody else .
Stephen Ashe .
Your honor .
I --
A Chinese website has reportedly posted the first sighting of Martian life in the form of a mysterious figure caught on camera by the Spirit rover :
According to the Mail on Sunday , the sighting came after alien hunters spent " years " scouring NASA images for evidence of little green men before unearthing this example .
In fact , the Red Planet 's first confirmed inhabitant features in this panorama snapped by Spirit back in November last year .
We 've marked the approximate position of the extraterrestrial with an arrow :
And before you all going running off to the NASA website to get the highest - res snap possible , here 's our Martian as seen in the biggest file we could find - the 133 meg tiff .
Well , the jury 's out on this one .
NASA has the above false colour panorama available here , or you might try the slightly less colourful version here , or stereo representation here .
Happy hunting . ®
If only as a matter of consistency , Professor Levinson continued , liberals who favor expansive interpretations of other amendments in the Bill of Rights , like those protecting free speech and the rights of criminal defendants , should also embrace a broad reading of the Second Amendment .
And just as the First Amendment ’s protection of the right to free speech is not absolute , the professors say , the Second Amendment ’s protection of the right to keep and bear arms may be limited by the government , though only for good reason .
The individual rights view is far from universally accepted .
“ The overwhelming weight of scholarly opinion supports the near - unanimous view of the federal courts that the constitutional right to be armed is linked to an organized militia , ” said Dennis A. Henigan , director of the legal action project of the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence .
“ The exceptions attract attention precisely because they are so rare and unexpected . ”
Scholars who agree with gun opponents and support the collective rights view say the professors on the other side may have been motivated more by a desire to be provocative than by simple intellectual honesty .
“ Contrarian positions get play , ” Carl T. Bogus , a law professor at Roger Williams University , wrote in a 2000 study of Second Amendment scholarship .
“ Liberal professors supporting gun control draw yawns . ”
If the full United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit does not step in and reverse the 2 - to - 1 panel decision striking down a law that forbids residents to keep handguns in their homes , the question of the meaning of the Second Amendment is almost certainly headed to the Supreme Court .
The answer there is far from certain .
That too is a change .
In 1992 , Warren E. Burger , a former chief justice of the United States appointed by President Richard M. Nixon , expressed the prevailing view .
“ The Second Amendment does n’t guarantee the right to have firearms at all , ” Mr. Burger said in a speech .
In a 1991 interview , Mr. Burger called the individual rights view “ one of the greatest pieces of fraud — I repeat the word ‘ fraud ’ — on the American public by special interest groups that I have ever seen in my lifetime . ”
( CNN ) --
The announced pregnancy of Jamie Lynn Spears -- the 16 - year - old children 's television star and younger sister of beleaguered pop star Britney Spears -- is casting new light on how states deal with the thorny issue of consensual sex among teens .
Jamie Lynn Spears , shown in September , stars in the popular Nickelodeon series " Zoey 101 . "
Spears , the star of Nickelodeon 's " Zoey 101 , " told OK !
Magazine that she 's pregnant and that the father is her 18 - year - old boyfriend .
There has been no public talk of criminal prosecution in the case .
Consensual sex between the two may well have been legal , depending on where and when it took place .
But critics of the nation 's statutory rape laws say that laws that are ignored in some cases can be used to put other teens in prison and land them on sex - offender registries .
Watch CNN 's Sunny Hostin on what the law says »
" You have a disturbing disparity in how these laws are enforced , " said Jonathan Turley , a law professor at George Washington University .
" I have no problem at all with nailing adults who sleep with children , but I have a problem with the prosecution of teenagers in consensual relationships .
" What this case should focus the nation on is having a more evenhanded approach to these cases . "
Watch a psychologist talk about how Spears ' pregnancy could lead to parents talking to their kids about sex »
In Louisiana , where Spears lives , it is a misdemeanor for someone age 17 to 19 to have consensual sex with someone age 15 to 17 if the difference between their ages is more than two years .
In California , where she sometimes tapes her television show , it 's a misdemeanor to have sex with someone younger than 18 if the offender is less than three years older .
Someone more than three years older could be charged with a felony .
According to OK !
Magazine , which first reported the news Tuesday , Spears said the father of her baby is longtime boyfriend Casey Aldridge .
Turley said most states have similar laws but rely on prosecutors to be selective in enforcing them .
But that 's a recipe for legal problems , he said .
The issue drew international attention when a Georgia teen was sentenced to 10 years in prison for having consensual oral sex with a 15 - year - old girl when he was 17 .
In 2005 , Genarlow Wilson was tried for the rape of a 17 - year - old girl at a hotel - room party .
While he was found not guilty of that charge , he was convicted of aggravated child molestation for the act with the 15 - year - old -- even though he was less than two years older .
Georgia law , which has since been changed , required a mandatory 10 - year sentence on the charge of aggravated child molestation and required Wilson to register as a sex offender when he was released .
Under the revised Georgia law , the act now would be a misdemeanor .
Now 21 , Wilson was released from prison in October -- after serving more than two years -- when the state Supreme Court ruled his sentence was " grossly disproportionate to his crime . "
" The current laws leave too much to prosecutorial discretion , " Turley said .
" We saw in the Wilson case how prosecutorial discretion can lead to grotesque results . "
He said statutory rape prosecutions of teens are more common in Southern states and small towns than they are elsewhere in the country or in big cities .
B.J. Bernstein , Wilson 's attorney , argued throughout his case that Wilson was imprisoned for an act that , while perhaps morally questionable , probably is going on among teens everywhere .
" If you prosecuted , even with misdemeanors , all those cases , you 'd clog up the justice system with kids having sex , " she said .
" It 's a social issue -- and it may be something that parents do n't want to happen or wish would n't happen at that age -- but it should n't be a crime . "
Spears , who turned 16 on April 4 and says she is 12 weeks into her pregnancy , told the magazine she plans to raise her child in Louisiana , " so it can have a normal family life . "
Nickelodeon released a statement saying the network respects Spears ' decision " to take responsibility in this sensitive and personal situation . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Britney Spears • Pregnancy and Childbirth
Return to Index Page
Modern Distribution of World Religions .
( To return to the map menu , click on the link above .
The Window can be sized to maximize the viewing area . )
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
On the day she died , Benazir Bhutto planned to hand over to visiting U.S. lawmakers a report accusing Pakistan 's intelligence services of a plot to rig parliamentary elections , sources close to the slain former Pakistani prime minister told CNN Tuesday .
Bhutto was assassinated Thursday , hours before a scheduled meeting with Rep. Patrick Kennedy , D - Rhode Island , and Sen. Arlen Specter , R- Pennsylvania .
A top Bhutto aide who helped write the report showed a copy to CNN .
" Where an opposing candidate is strong in an area , they [ supporters of President Pervez Musharraf ] have planned to create a conflict at the polling station , even killing people if necessary , to stop polls at least three to four hours , " the document says .
The report also accused the government of planning to tamper with ballots and voter lists , intimidate opposition candidates and misuse U.S. - made equipment to monitor communications of opponents .
" Ninety percent of the equipment that the USA gave the government of Pakistan to fight terrorism is being used to monitor and to keep a check on their political opponents , " the report says .
Watch the controversy surrounding Pakistan elections »
The Pakistani government denied the allegations , with two Pakistani diplomatic sources calling the report " baseless . "
Rashid Qureshi , a spokesman for Musharraf , called the accusations " ridiculous " and said the election will be " free , fair and transparent . "
" I think they are just a pack of lies , " he said .
One Bhutto source said the document was compiled at her request and said the information came from sources inside the police and intelligence services .
The election had been scheduled for January 8 , but in the wake of Bhutto 's assassination , the Election Commission is expected to announce Wednesday that it will delay the vote at least four weeks into February , sources at the commission said .
Sen . Latif Khosa , who helped put the report together , accused the powerful Inter - Services Intelligence of operating a rigging cell from a safe house in the capital , Islamabad .
The goal , he said , is to change voting results electronically on election day .
" The ISI has set up a mega - computer system where they can hack any computer in Pakistan and connect with the Election Commission , " he said .
Media outlets in Pakistan , India and Bangladesh have run reports alleging that retired Brig .
Gen. Ejaz Shah -- formerly an Inter - Services Intelligence officer and now head of the civilian Intelligence Bureau -- is involved in the vote rigging plans .
Shah 's name also turned up in a letter Bhutto wrote to Musharraf after the first attempt on her life on October 18 , when she returned to Pakistan after eight years in exile , Pakistani media reported .
In the letter , the media reported , Shah was one of four Pakistani officials Bhutto named as people who wanted her dead .
The Pakistan government has denied those allegations as well .
Khosa said he could make no link between Bhutto's assassination and the report .
Some terrorism experts also said there was no reason to believe Bhutto was killed because of the report , agreeing with Pakistani government contentions that al Qaeda was responsible for her death .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Brian Todd and Zain Verjee contributed to this report .
All About Pakistani Politics • Benazir Bhutto
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  Pakistan cracked down on dissidents Sunday , intensifying its political crisis before marches planned for today .
The Bush administration expressed dismay but said it would continue to back a key ally in the region 's counterterrorism efforts .
CRACKDOWN : Pakistan government detains opposition Q&A : What 's next for the situation in Pakistan ?
Up to 500 people , including political leaders and activists , were detained after President Pervez Musharraf 's decision to suspend constitutional rights , according to Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz .
Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice said that she was " disappointed " in what she called a setback to democracy and that roughly $ 150 million a month in U.S. aid to Pakistan would be put under review .
However , Washington has been reluctant to turn its back on a nuclear - armed government that is an ally in combating Islamist militants , and White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said Sunday that " we 're obviously not going to do anything that will undermine the war on terror . "
Musharraf has helped combat al - Qaeda terrorists and pro-Taliban extremists along the Pakistani - Afghan border .
Musharraf has said that the state of emergency instituted during the weekend was necessary to keep Islamist extremists from toppling his government .
Opposition leaders said the unpopular military leader was exaggerating the threat so he could stay in power .
Pakistan 's Supreme Court was to meet this week to debate the validity of his recent re-election .
" This is a defining moment for Pakistan , " said Ahsan Iqbal , spokesman for the Pakistan Muslim League opposition party .
Iqbal and Qazi Anwar , a former senator and legal activist , said Pakistani lawyers and opposition politicians planned a " Black Monday " of protests across Pakistan for today .
Troops and police rounded up hundreds of party members Sunday , Iqbal said .
Reached by telephone , Iqbal said he was in hiding after fleeing his house minutes before a police raid Saturday night .
The party 's president was arrested Sunday outside his home .
Two hundred police raided the Lahore offices of the independent Human Rights Commission of Pakistan and arrested 50 activists , commission official Mehbood Ahmed Khan told the Associated Press .
" They dragged us out , " he said .
" It 's inhuman , undemocratic and a violation of human rights . "
Former prime minister Benazir Bhutto , who returned to Pakistan last month as part of a U.S. - brokered deal to return the country to civilian rule , condemned Musharraf 's actions as a " power grab . "
Aziz said parliamentary elections planned for January could be postponed a year .
Wiseman reported from Hong Kong .
Contributing : Wire reports
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Enlarge U.S. Embassy via AP
The review cited by Secreary of State Condoleezza Rice would look in part at whether some aid to Pakistan cannot continue because of U.S. legal restrictions that set conditions for governments to receive money .
That probably would cover only a small amount of the $ 150 million a month that the United States currently gives to Pakistan .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
WASHINGTON –
The US Congress on Friday approved the purchase of weapons and technological systems from Israel 's defense industries for $ 700 million .
The advanced technological products will be acquired as part of the American security budget for the coming year to be used by US forces in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Closest Ally Israel , United States sign record - high military aid deal Ronny Sofer , AP United States offers Israel unprecedented $ 30 - billion military aid package .
‘ We look at this region and we see that a secure and strong Israel is in the interest of the United States , ’ Undersecretary of State Nicholas Burns says during signing ceremony in Jerusalem Israel , United States sign record - high military aid deal
Israel is not part of Israel 's annual defense aid from the United States , which amounts to $ 2.4 billion and is expected to grow in 2009 to an annual average of $ 3 billion for the following 10 years .
Only one part of the security budget – the production of the Arrow anti-ballistic missile system and the research and development of other defense missiles , the cost of which is estimated at $ 155 million – is related to special US aid , with the American Boeing company involved in the manufacturing of parts of the Arrow missile .
The weapons and components to be purchased by the US include Lightning – a navigation and attack sensor system for combat aircraft produced by the RAFAEL Armament Development Authority .
This system replaces obsolete systems and enables US pilots in Iraq to operate both in the day and in the night under all weather conditions .
The system 's purchase price is estimated at $ 39.6 million .
The Israel Aerospace Industries '
Hunter unmanned aerial vehicle will be bought for $ 36.5 million .
The use of UAVs allows the US military to locate targets and then examine the results of the strike without putting pilots in danger .
Elbit 's pilot helmet systems will be purchased for $ 37.5 and RAFAEL's Typhoon stabilized marine gun system will cost $ 16 million .
In May , the US Congress also approved the purchase of reactive Israeli defense systems placed on American Bradley fighting vehicles in Iraq .
This systems helps the American APCs escape antitank missiles .
Why is the sky blue ?
What is lightning ?
What are the states of matter ?
Does hot water freeze faster than cold ?
Why does a can of Coke sink while a can of Diet Coke floats ?
Why do you close your eyes when you sneeze ?
Why do mosquitoes bite me more than my friends ?
Why do your feet stink ?
How does gravity work ?
How fast does the space shuttle move in orbit ?
What is escape velocity ?
What would happen if you turned on your headlights while moving at the speed of light ?
Why does a can of Coke sink while a can of Diet Coke floats ?
Floating occurs because floating objects displace , or push aside , a certain amount of liquid .
If an object displaces more than its weight in liquid , it floats ; otherwise it sinks .
Density ( the mass per unit of volume ) determines how much liquid is displaced .
Density is usually compared to water , which is assigned a density of 1 .
Materials sink if ( like regular Coke ) they are more dense than water , while less - dense materials , like Diet Coke , float .
Actual photograph of the experiment as performed in the Why Files lab !
Note the Diet Coke breaking the surface on the left .
We did n't ask the Coca Cola Co. for their recipe , but we assume that it 's the sugar in real Coke that makes it dense enough to sink .
We also assume that it 's the artificial sweetener in that diet version that 's less dense , allowing those cans to float .
Did you know
If you measure the volume of water displaced by a floating object and compute the weight of that water , it equals the weight of the object .
It really is n't nice to make fun of people , but they brought this upon themselves .
Maybe this is a coincidence – but the face of that great beauty by the name of Jocelyn Wilderstein is not showing up in Google when searching the images by default – only when using NO filter .
This filter is usually reserverved for porno or gruesome images
Moderate Filtering ON !
images.google.com/images?as_q= ...
Moderate Filtering OFF !!
images.google.com/images?as_q= ...
ANOTHER BEAUTY !
perezhilton.com/?p=7914
☻ ☻ ☻ ☻ ☻ ☻ ☻ ☻ ☻ ☻ ☻ ☻ ☻ ☻ ☻ ☻ ☻ ☻
NO folks , these are n't Halloween masks .
My mother was our household 's first gamer .
She had me young and stayed home to raise me , and one of her favorite ways to kick back was to play videogames .
Our first systems were an Atari 2600 and ColecoVision , and Mom would spend hours on Centipede , Ms. Pac - Man and Q*bert .
Eventually , as any toddler would , I became curious about the bright objects and beeps coming from the TV and took an interest in games , too .
That was 1982 , which was also the year my mother was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis .
We played together when I was growing up ; everything from platformers and trivia games to adventure and puzzle games .
Mom bought a SNES for my birthday one year , and many a Mario - filled evening was had between us .
Eventually , I got a Nintendo 64 .
We played as usual at first , but the new controller presented a challenge for her .
It was much bulkier than what she was used to , and holding one made my mom's hands get tired quickly , a problem she had n't had before .
This was my introduction to just how even a sedentary activity like gaming can be limited by a person 's disability .
According to the IGDA Game Accessibility SIG , approximately 23 percent of Americans have some sort of disability .
These fall into several different categories , the main ones being visual , hearing impairment , mobility and cognitive disabilities .
My mother 's case is one of mobility issues , so when she 's deciding which console to buy , she has to consider the control scheme in addition to factors like price and game selection .
Compared to the NES controller , or even the SNES one , the N64 controller was a completely new animal , with its 10 buttons , analog stick and D - pad , and three - pronged shape that demanded a rigid two - handed grip .
The Z - trigger , located on the lower front of the center prong , and the analog stick were particularly troublesome for her .
We kept the SNES hooked up so she could still play the older games .
At the time , I never thought of my mom's problem in technical terms .
I just knew she could n't handle the new console .
When we disconnected our SNES to make room for a VCR , my mom stopped playing console games .
However , she still plays a lot of games on the PC , which has become a refuge for gamers with disabilities .
Various developers and researchers are creating games specifically designed with disabled people 's needs in mind .
Some mainstream games are beginning to think of accessibility , too .
PopCap 's Peggle Deluxe includes a " Colorblind Mode , " which places a symbol on each peg to identify its color .
With their proprietary designs , consoles seem to hinder universal accessibility development .
It was difficult to find features like Peggle 's in console games .
These options , when they do exist , are not always so high profile .
According to the Accessibility SIG , many developers tend to focus on addressing one particular type of disability , with visual and auditory considerations leading the pack .
Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas is one game that features not only a full caption option for cut - scenes , but they 're also available for review at any time .
For someone who 's hearing impaired or unable to follow the game at its normal pace , these are invaluable .
Pokémon titles feature text speed adjustment , a feature that could assist a child learning to read or a dyslexic who struggles with deciphering information .
Transcript :
Jason : I can't wait for Congress to get back to work .
Peter :
Why 's that ?
Jason : Imagine you 're a lawmaker , and you got an iPod or Zune as a Christmas gift ... what 's the first thing you 'll want to do ?
Why , transfer your music and video collections onto it , of course .
But wait !
There 's a problem !
While it 's legal to copy music from your CDs onto the device , it 's not legal to do the same thing with your DVDs !
Nooooo !
And whose fault is that ?
Yours .
Because you voted for the stupid digital millenium copyright act back in 1998 .
Naturally , your first order of business next month will be to repeal that boondoggle .
Peter :
What makes you think they all got iPods for Christmas ?
Voice :
Which one of you kids charged $ 85 thousand worth of stuff with my Visas ?!?
Bangalore , the capital of Karnataka is considered to be one of the rapidly booming cities in India , in terms of job opportunities .
With an increasing number of MNCs having their base in Bangalore , the Silicon Valley of India is a major hub for candidates looking forward to a bright career prospect .
Besides , Information Technology that has helped raise the standard of living and lower down the unemployment rate , Bangalore also offers job opportunities in multiple domains including retail , real estate , and education .
Different Categories of Jobs available in Bangalore
Finance and Accounts Jobs in Bangalore : Bangalore offers plenty of finance and accounts job opportunities .
Candidates with an MBA degree or a post graduate diploma in management degree are usually preferred for this domain .
However , some companies also have openings for those holding a graduate or postgraduate degree .
Some of the positions that you can apply for include :
Last Updated : 03/02/2014
Images of the word Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ waterÃ¢â‚
¬Â in different languages projected on a fog screen greet visitors as they enter the exhibition .
Ã‚Â©D. Finnin/ AMNH
NEW YORK --
On an illuminated wall in the American Museum of Natural History , three clear plastic tubes about 5 - feet long and a couple inches in diameter automatically fill with water .
In the first tube , a small amount shoots up , barely visible at the tube 's bottom , representing the meager 3 gallons of water that the average Ethiopian subsists on daily .
The middle tube fills about one quarter full , showing the more bountiful 30 gallons of water the average Briton uses in a day .
Both amounts pale in comparison when water fills to the top of the third tube and shows the astounding 150 gallons of water that the average American uses in a day .
This waste of one of Earth 's most precious resources is a central theme of the AMNH 's new exhibition , Water : H2O=Life .
In the exhibition , visitors can explore the many facets of water : its astounding physical properties , its ability to shape ecosystems , landscapes and societies , the importance of conserving water and ultimately the fact that water is essential to life .
Water and life
Throughout the exhibition are examples of the different ways that life has evolved around the amount of water available to them .
Tiny fish , adapted to live in an entirely aquatic environment , swim in tanks , while at the other end of the spectrum the Texas horned lizard , which lives in a very arid climate , has tiny channels between its scales ( pictured in a display ) that guide rainwater to its mouth .
In another tank , visitors can see mudskippers , an unusual amphibious type of fish , swimming through the water , then taking brief rests on rocks where they can breathe in the air .
Water is essential to life , because " every living cell is composed primarily of water , " said AMNH president Ellen Futter during a press preview of the event .
We humans are two - thirds water ourselves .
Visitors to the exhibition can stand on a scale that will tell them just how much water they contain ( this reporter had 3 . 2 gallons , or 12 liters , in her ) .
Water and society
Like other animals , humans have also learned to survive in lands with wildly varying amounts of water — a fact reflected in the entrance to the exhibition , which features a curtain of mist on which the words for water in many different languages are emblazoned in light : Eau . Nepo. Siram .
Su. Maji , Agua .
Water .
Often , the places with the most people have the least water .
In some African and Asian countries , women must carry water in jugs over long distances to have enough for their families .
Visitors can try to lift one of these jugs themselves , but good luck , because it holds 11 liters ( weighing 25 pounds ) of water .
Humans have manipulated water 's sources to irrigate our crops , bolster our drinking supplies and provide us with power .
We appropriate more than 50 percent of the world 's surface freshwater for our needs , the exhibition notes .
Freshwater comprises only 3 percent of the water on Earth , and two - thirds of that is locked up in glaciers and polar ice caps .
A projector throws images onto a giant globe ( about 6 feet in diameter ) suspended from the ceiling mid-way through the exhibition to demonstrate how little freshwater there is .
Earth 's water is broken up into grids — while ocean water takes up almost the entire globe , the proportion that is available to us looks like a blue rubber band stretched around the equator .
And that amount is unlikely to get much bigger .
" Water on Earth is finite .
We will never get more than we have now , " said exhibition curator Eleanor Sterling , director of the Museum 's Center for Biodiversity and Conservation .
To bring large quantities of this freshwater where it is needed , humans have built dams — more than 60 percent of the world 's rivers have been dammed or diverted , with 47,000 large dams built in just the last 50 years .
While these dams bring water to cities and crops or provide electricity , they also block migration routes for fish , flood nearby lands and create erosion downstream because they block sediments behind them .
Visitors can see the effects of dams first - hand with a model stream in a clear plastic rectangular box that has a lever that can be pulled up or down to dam and un -dam the " stream " to see how it causes a pile - up of sediment behind it .
These dams and diversions can leave some areas dried up — Soviet diversions have shrunk the Aral Sea to a fraction of its former size .
With water already scarce in some areas and becoming scarcer in others due to dams or the effects of global warming , water looks to become an even more precious commodity in the future .
" Water in the future will have wars fought over it , " Futter said .
This impending scarcity underscores the need to implement better water practices and conservation , Sterling says .
Water conservation
The exhibition is full of helpful tips on how to conserve water .
Touch - screen monitors let visitors take a quiz on water conservation , including questions on what do if your sink is leaking ( call a plumber ! ) , whether an 8 - minute shower with a low - flow head is better than a 5 - minute shower with a standard head ( it is ) , or whether an aerator really reduces the amount of water you use ( it does ) .
To set an example in water conservation , the exhibition uses re-circulated water in all its displays .
Because the American lifestyle relies on copious water , another interactive monitor lets visitors compete in a three - player " quiz show , " with questions centering on the concept called virtual water .
Water use does n't just include what you drink from the bottle or what you use to wash your clothes .
It also includes the water used to grow the things we eat and wear .
If you take the quiz , remember that the average fast food meal takes nearly 3,000 liters of water to make ( because of the water used to grow the corn that feeds cattle ) .
A movie playing constantly in one corner of the exhibition touches on the ways that agriculture ( which comprises most of our use of freshwater ) can institute better water practices .
These include using drip irrigation instead of standard methods and growing crops in areas that having the appropriate amounts of water needed ( so cotton , a very thirsty crop , should not be grown in drier areas ) .
To show that individuals can make a difference in water conservation , pictures at the end of the exhibition show the ways that ordinary people are reducing their own water consumption .
The American Museum of Natural History 's exhibition , Water : H2O=Life opens on Nov. 3 , 2007 and will appear through May 25 , 2008 .
Previous
Rep. Oemig at WA Impeachment Party : “ It is never to late to do the right thing ! ”
WASHINGTON - French President Nicolas Sarkozy told the American Jewish Committee on Wednesday he believed Iran and the Arab countries , including Syria , have a right to civilian nuclear power .
Sarkozy , receiving an award from the Jewish group as a tireless promoter of democratic values , human rights and peace , said " there should be a dialogue developed with Iran " that acknowledges its development of civilian nuclear energy .
Warning Bush warns of World War III if Iran goes nuclear AFP
We 've got a leader in Iran who has announced that he wants to destroy Israel , US president says at White House press conference after Russia cautions against military action against Tehran 's suspected atomic program Bush warns of World War III if Iran goes nuclear
If this right would be denied , he said , extremist influence in Iran will grow .
" However , " the French president added , " a nuclear Iran is not something that is acceptable to us . "
The Bush administration , which has taken some tentative steps to develop contacts with Iran , is suspicious of Iran 's nuclear program as aimed at building nuclear weapons , despite Iran 's assertions it is working only on civilian power .
Sarkozy continued to say that " Israel 's security is close to my heart " , adding that " the world must vouch for its security , and France will be at the forefront of this " ; he also mentioned Israel 's importance as " the only place a Jewish person can go to if something happens to him … I have always thought of Israel as a miracle " .
' A solution must be provided now '
Turning his attention to the current peace initiative , the French leader said he was in favor of establishing a Palestinian state .
" A solution must be provided now .
It is in the interest of the entire world that there be an agreement between Israel and the Palestinians , " he said .
Sarkozy told the Committee that France was not an ant - Semitic country , but added that 'we must face the fact that anti-Semitism exists " .
" When you try to explain anti-Semitism , you look for excuses to try and shed light on the logic in it .
Is there any logic in rape ?
In bank robberies ?
Anti-Semitism is a combination of stupidity and hatred , " he said .
Later Sarkozy assured an embracing Congress Wednesday that " our friendship and our alliance is strong . "
He also told lawmakers that such improved relations should lead to much closer cooperation on a host of international problems including Iran 's nuclear program , Middle East peace and the stability of Lebanon .
Sarkozy came to Washington seeking to restore the kind of relationship that existed between Paris and Washington before sharp differences arose over the US - led war in Iraq .
And he left to a rousing standing ovation — an indication that Sarkozy has quickly shifted the dynamic of French - American relations in his first six months in office .
A federal appeals court gave San Francisco the green light Wednesday to require employers to help pay for health care for uninsured workers and residents , and it signaled that it is likely to uphold the city 's groundbreaking universal coverage law .
A three - judge panel of the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals allowed San Francisco to enforce its law and extend coverage to all uninsured adults while the city appeals a federal judge 's decision striking down a key funding provision .
That provision requires large and medium - size companies to offer insurance to their employees or pay a fee to the city for the cost of their coverage .
The court said the city probably would win its argument that U.S. District Judge Jeffrey
White was wrong when he ruled Dec. 26 that local governments lack the power to force employers to contribute to a health care program .
That the ruling allows the law to take effect during the city 's appeal is unusual .
Generally , appellate courts refuse to allow enforcement if a lower court has found part of a law invalid .
In this case , however , the appeals court said it was granting San Francisco 's request for an emergency stay of White 's ruling because the city had a strong argument and because of consequences for people who can not get health coverage .
" Otherwise avoidable human suffering , illness and possibly death will result if a stay is denied , " Judge William Fletcher said in the 3 - 0 decision .
The court 's attitude makes it more likely that a proposed state health care law , which the Assembly has approved and Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger supports , will survive any legal challenge .
Like the San Francisco measure , the state measure depends in part on funding from employers .
The Senate has yet to take up the bill .
" It 's a tremendous victory for those who want to see the state do something in this area , " said Stacey Leyton , lawyer for a group of labor unions that joined in the defense of the San Francisco law .
City Attorney Dennis Herrera said the ruling would make thousands of uninsured San Franciscans eligible for health coverage in the next few months .
A ruling against the city , he said , " would very likely frustrate state and local health care reform efforts throughout the nation . "
The law was challenged by the Golden Gate Restaurant Association , which represents more than 900 Bay Area establishments .
Dan Scherotter , the association 's incoming president , said the restaurants were disappointed but would comply with the ruling and remained confident of winning after the court hears all the evidence .
The judges put the case on a fast track .
Final written arguments are due in April , and a ruling in the summer or fall is a possibility .
Scherotter , chef and owner of Palio D'Asti restaurant in the Financial District , said he and other restaurant owners would have to lay off employees and raise prices to comply with the ordinance .
He said he now provides insurance for most of his 65 employees , but not at the levels mandated by the city .
" The reason we 're suing is that ( health insurance ) is unaffordable for a lot of people and businesses , " Scherotter said .
The restaurant association has proposed a quarter - cent increase in the local sales tax to replace employer fees as a source of health care funding .
The San Francisco ordinance , the first of its kind in the nation , is designed to provide care at a network of hospitals and clinics for about 73,000 uninsured adults who are not covered by the Medi-Cal program for the poor or Medicare for the elderly .
Most of the estimated $ 200 million annual cost is to be covered by state and local taxes and by payments from patients based on their income .
The rest , less than 20 percent of the total , would come from fees paid by employers who do n't offer insurance .
About 7,350 residents were enrolled during the last half of 2007 , when eligibility was limited to those making less than the federal poverty level of $ 10,310 a year for individuals .
The city had planned to remove the eligibility limits Jan. 2 , but White 's ruling against the employer fees led officials to restrict enrollment to those making up to three times the federal poverty level .
That left about 26,000 uninsured residents out of the program .
Some of those are among an estimated 20,000 employees in San Francisco whose companies provide no insurance .
The ordinance provides coverage for those employees - some of them nonresidents - either in the city program or in a new health plan offered by their employers .
The provision that the restaurant association challenged requires private employers with at least 20 workers , and nonprofits with at least 50 , to provide coverage at dollar amounts set by the city or to pay a fee to cover the city 's cost of care for their uninsured employees .
White ruled that the provision violated a 1974 federal law that prohibits state and local governments from regulating employee benefit plans .
But the appeals court said the federal law , intended to promote uniformity in benefit plans , leaves a city free to protect its residents ' health and welfare as long as it does not require an employer to adopt a particular health care plan , or alter an existing plan to provide specific benefits .
To comply with the San Francisco ordinance , " employers need not have any ( health ) plan at all ; and if they do have such a plan , they need not make any changes in it , " said Fletcher , who was joined by Judges Stephen Reinhardt and Alfred Goodwin .
Fletcher said companies are simply required to spend a certain amount on employee health care , either as insurance premiums or as payments to the city .
He also said the hardships that the city and its residents would suffer from a delay in implementation would be far greater than the harm to restaurant owners from having to abide by the law during the appeal .
Pregnancy may make breasts sag , but nursing does not make it worse
However , one of the principal contributors to breast sagginess is getting pregnant in the first place .
Smoking and age also play a role , the American Society of Plastic Surgeons Conference heard .
Women can now breastfeed without fear for the future of their breasts , author and plastic surgeon Brian Rinker said .
Dr Rinker said he decided to carry out the study after many of his patients demanded he " fix what breastfeeding did to my breasts " .
With colleagues from the University of Kentucky , he studied 132 women who had sought breast lifts or augmentation between 1998 and 2006 .
The majority of them had been pregnant at least once .
Nearly 60 % had breastfed at least once .
The research team evaluated the patients ' medical history , height and weight , pre-pregnancy bra cup size and whether they smoked .
There was no difference in the extent of ptosis - the clinical term for breast sagginess - between those women who had breastfed and those who had not .
Smoking
But other factors did play a role .
The degree of sagginess increased for each child carried by the woman .
Smoking was also identified as a contributor .
" Smoking breaks down a protein in the skin called elastin , which gives youthful skin its elastic appearance and supports the breast , " Dr Rinker said .
" So it would make sense that it would have an adverse affect on the breasts . "
Other research has found that failure to wear proper sports bras may also play a part in breast sagginess .
Mr Kevin Hancock , a consultant plastic surgeon based in Liverpool , agreed with the analysis .
He said pregnancy often initiated changes to breast size , which could stretch the tissue and make sagging more likely .
This often became an issue when the breasts began to shrink when they stopped producing milk - a process known as post - lactation atrophy .
However , he said : " There is no evidence that breastfeeding makes any difference to these changes . "
Linguistic Incompetence at the FCC
The Federal Communications Commission is proposing to fine ABC $ 1.4 million for airing in 2003 between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. an NYPD Blue episode showing a woman 's buttocks .
The details are in this Notice of Apparent Liability for Forfeiture¹ .
According to the FCC , the episode violated its decency regulations because it depicts " sexual or excretory organs or activities " .
In response to ABC 's argument that the buttocks are not a sexual organ , the ruling states :
Although ABC argues , without citing any authority , that the buttocks are not a sexual organ , we reject this argument , which runs counter to both case law²³ and common sense .
This is the entirety of the FCC 's discussion of this point .
I am shocked that the FCC has erred on such a simple linguistic point . ²
The buttocks are not used for sexual reproduction so they are not a sexual organ .
Indeed , they are not an organ of any sort , which is defined by Wordnet as : " a fully differentiated structural and functional unit in an animal that is specialized for some particular function " .
Unlike the heart or the kidneys , the buttocks are not " specialized for some particular function " .
The FCC 's claim that case law shows that the butocks are , for legal purposes , a " sexual organ " , is contained in footnote 23 :
The two cases cited merely establish that the display of the buttocks may be considered indecent .
In both cases , the buttocks are included in lists of body parts whose display is prohibited , but nothing in either case justifies the equation of the set of prohibited body parts with the sexual organs .
Indeed , one can make the opposite argument .
The relevant City of Erie ordinance is Ordinance 75-1994 , codified as Article 711 of the Codified Ordinances of the city of Erie ( cited in the opinion of the Supreme Court above ) .
It includes the definition :
" Nudity " means the showing of the human male or female genital [ sic ] , pubic hair or buttocks …
The ordinance lists the buttocks in addition to the genitalia , which is to say , the reproductive organs .
This would be quite unnecessary if the buttocks were reproductive organs .
The problem for the FCC is that it wants to enforce a broad notion of indecency that includes display of the buttocks but that its own regulations contain a narrower definition .
Both in its ruling generally and in its mis-citation of the case law in footnote 23 , the FCC appears to believe that it can expand the definition of indecency from what it is to what it would like it to be by fiat .
I trust that the courts will overturn this idiotic ruling if it does not die of embarrassment first .
¹ Linguistic analysis at the FCC may be lacking , but somebody there has taste in machine names .
The server on which this document is located is called hraunfoss , the name of one of Iceland 's many scenic waterfalls .
This set of photographs of waterfalls by Icelandic photographer Thomas Skov includes a nice photograph of Hraunfoss .
² Do you think that the FCC has been taken over by some of those Hispanic immigrants that we so often hear about , the ones that refuse to learn English ?
¡ Comisionados !
¿ Pensan ustedes que las nalgas sean órganos sexuales ?
Según la Wikipedia : " Los órganos sexuales son las estructuras especializadas para la formación de los gametos o células reproductoras . "
Pienso que no incluyan las nalgas .
Posted by Bill Poser at January 26 , 2008 08:32 PM
A man who went on a Madrid television show to profess his love and propose marriage to his estranged girlfriend , only to be rejected , is now a suspect in her murder .
Ricardo Navarro , 30 , got down on his knees , crying and offering an engagement ring to his former partner during a popular daytime talk show , Diario de Patricia on the network Antena 3 .
The 30 - year - old Russian woman , only known as Svetlana , rejected his proposal and was found four days later with her throat cut in the elevator of her Alicante apartment building .
The televised meeting attended by Svetlana was arranged at Navarro 's request as a surprise for his ex-girlfriend so he could try to make up with her .
She might have thought the surprise was going to be a visit from a Russian relative , a network official said .
Sadly , it sounds like network officials helped Cupid 's arrow go a little more than astray .
Photo by Sontra
Labels : Antena 3 , Diario de Patricia , proposal , Ricardo Navarro , TV
While government sometimes has a reputation for not being able to do anything right , there 's one thing it has proven supremely good at over the years : generating mountains of official documents .
The Internet Archive , Public .
Resource .
Org , and the Boston Public Library today announced a plan to scan more than 60 million pages of these government documents over the next two years , with plans to make them freely available in perpetuity .
The first part of the program , which is currently funded , will scan fifty years ' worth of Congressional hearings ( 1936 - 1986 ) held by the Boston Public Library .
The scanning will be done using special scan stations developed by the Internet Archive , and should be complete within the year .
Assuming that all goes well and more funding can be found , the project will then move on to phase two : scanning 60 million pages from sources like the Congressional Record and the Federal Register .
The resulting data will be read with optical character recognition software to produce searchable versions of the documents ( and we hope the software works well , since it 's unlikely human eyes will ever proofread most of it ) .
The data will be placed in the public domain and kept at the Internet Archive , the Boston Public Library , and anywhere else interested in hosting a copy of the archive .
The entire project is only one of many intriguing recent projects to make publicly - available government docs more , well , publicly available .
Creative Commons has recently partnered with Public .
Resource .
Org to create an archive of all federal case law , while Columbia 's Tim Wu helped launch a service that provides full access to court records .
More power to all of them .
Editorial Transport Revolutions Seminar
As oil production goes into decline , we must transform the way we move people and goods .
By Ryan McGreal
Published January 18 , 2008
Richard Gilbert discussing Transport Revolutions
Richard Gilbert occupies a special place among urbanists and environmentalists in Hamilton .
The author of Hamilton : The Electric City [ PDF ] , Gilbert recommended to City Council that Hamilton prepare for oil depletion by making energy production and conservation it 's Economic Development Plan A .
Based on the research into peak oil that he conducted for his report , Gilbert began work on a new book ( with coauthor Anthony Perl ) about transforming our transportation systems for a post - carbon economy , titled Transport Revolutions : Moving People and Freight Without Oil .
( Watch for an RTH review in an upcoming issue . )
Gilbert was in Hamilton on January 10 to talk about the book in a seminar organized by Hamiltonians for Progressive Development ( HPD ) , followed by a panel discussion with Chris Harrison from Vermeulen Hind Architects , Nicholas Kevlahan from Hamilton Light Rail , Lynda Lukasic from Environment Hamilton , and Scott Stewart from the city department of Public Works .
The panel ( from left ) : Nicholas Kevlahan , Chris Harrison , Lynda Lukasic , and Scott Stewart
The Case for a Transport Revolution
Globally , 95 percent of transport relies on oil ( and transport accounts for 60 percent of total oil consumption ) .
Economists have estimated that a four percent shortfall in oil production could cause a 177 percent incraese in crude oil prices , so transportation is highly vulnerable to production declines .
In fact , Gilbert argued that peak oil is a more pressing , more compelling issue than climate change .
He cited three arguments : the evidence for peak oil is stronger , its arrival is more imminent ( most projections place the peak between now and 2012 ) , and the message is more appealing .
I think Gilbert downplayed the strength and robustness of the evidence for climate change , possibly because he 's simply more familiar with the case for peak oil .
He sounded rather defensive when he made his argument ( perhaps anticipating a backlash from a room full of environmentalists ) , and seemed to have a hard time moving past it .
However , his other two points are harder to dispute .
As he put it , insulating oneself from very high gas prices is " a more compelling argument than protecting yourself from a warmer winter . "
Gilbert tossed out some estimates about the economic effects of oil production declines , but cautioned that such projections are " fanciful " because " the economics of scarcity at this level are not well developed . "
As an aside , he noted that so far , gasoline prices have risen much more slowly than crude oil prices , which have risen fivefold since 2000 .
This is ironically because of high gas taxes , which make up a large proportion of the pump price and mute the increase in the oil price component of the total .
Alternative Fuels
Gilbert reviewed some possible alternative fuel sources and dismissed most as impractical :
Biofuels : they compete with food for land , deplete the soil , and have very limited applicability outside of ethanol from sugarcane in tropical countries .
Natural Gas : North American production is already past its peak , it 's very hard to move between continents , and methods for converting it to gasoline are not very effective .
Hydrogen : Basically a non-starter .
It 's highly inefficient ( 80 percent loss ) and suffers from serious technical obstacles .
Electricity : He caled this " a perfect transport fuel " , aside from the problem of on - board storage .
Electric motors are six times more energy efficient than internal combustion engines and have maximum torque at the lowest speeds ( the reverse is true of engines ) .
A Perfect Transport Fuel
Compared to electricity , the only advantage of internal combustion is the very high energy density and portability of its fuel .
A gasoline tank is a hundred times more energy dense than an equivalent battery .
After factoring in the higher efficiency of an electric motor , internal combustion can still move its vehicle 17 times the distance on a full tank .
However , in every other respect , electric motors are superior .
In addition to higher energy efficiency and high torque , electric motors are quiet , produce no pollution at the tailpipe , and can use regenerative braking to recover energy lost to deceleration for further efficieny gains .
Electric motors function best when they are connected to an electricity grid and do not have to carry their energy source around with them .
Another advantage of the grid is that any energy source can be converted to electricity , so the energy distribution system will not have to be rebuilt every time the fuel source changes .
Dealing with the Toughest Cases
The book focuses on the USA and China as the toughest economies to change in the industrialized and developing world , respectively , because they are the biggest consumers and will require the most effort to transform .
Gilbert recommended the following :
1. Increase use of electric motors where feasible , i.e. on land : more rail freight , more intracity rail , more commuter rail , and more intercity rail .
He pointed out that New York City singlehandedly accounts for one third of American passenger rail .
2 . Increase use of rail and water for goods transport rather than trucking .
3 . Increase collectively managed transport in place of personally managed transport ( i.e. public transit in place of personal automobiles ) .
Discussing the issue of air transport , Gilbert noted that no breakthroughs in air transport fuels are on the horizon to replace the high energy kerosene used today .
He believes air transport will shift toward fewer flights with much larger airplanes ( like the Airbus A380 ) and will focus mainly on intercontinental flights , with high speed rail replacing most intracontinental flights .
" Aviation will have a future , " he argued , " but it will be a different future " than the way the business operates today .
He maintains that we need to stop investing in airports and spend our money on rail instead .
Aim for a Soft Landing
Gilbert argued that it 's better to plan for a " soft landing " by acting to reduce oil dependence than to do nothing and react to higher prices .
The latter may well produce a " hard landing " characterized by disrupted supply chains , acute shortages , and economic depression and even , possibly , total collapse .
However , he insisted that he is an " optimist " and that a soft landing is achievable if we start now and act quickly .
Ryan McGreal , the editor of Raise the Hammer , lives in Hamilton with his family and works as a programmer , writer and consultant .
Ryan volunteers with Hamilton Light Rail , a citizen group dedicated to bringing light rail transit to Hamilton .
Ryan wrote a city affairs column in Hamilton Magazine , and several of his articles have been published in the Hamilton Spectator .
His articles have also been published in The Walrus , HuffPost and Behind the Numbers .
He maintains a personal website , has been known to share passing thoughts on Twitter and Facebook , and posts the occasional cat photo on Instagram .
9 Comments Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment .
We describe several views of the semantics of a simple programming language as formal documents in the calculus of inductive constructions that can be verified by the Coq proof system .
Covered aspects are natural semantics , denotational semantics , axiomatic semantics , and abstract interpretation .
Descriptions as recursive functions are also provided whenever suitable , thus yielding a a verification condition generator and a static analyser that can be run inside the theorem prover for use in reflective proofs .
Extraction of an interpreter from the denotational semantics is also described .
All different aspects are formally proved sound with respect to the natural semantics specification .
More work on mechanized metatheory with an eye towards naturalness of representation and automation .
This seems to me to relate to Adam Chlipala 's work on A Certified Type - Preserving Compiler from Lambda Calculus to Assembly Language , which relies on denotational semantics and proof by reflection , in crucial ways .
More generally , it seems to reinforce an important trend in using type - theory - based theorem provers to tackle programming language design from the semantic point of view ( see also A Very Modal Model of a Modern , Major , General Type System and Verifying Semantic Type Soundness of a Simple Compiler ) .
I find the trend exciting , but of course I also wonder how far we can practically go with it today , given that the overwhelming majority of the literature , including our beloved Types and Programming Languages , is based on A Syntactic Approach to Type Soundness .
Even the upcoming
How to write your next POPL paper in Coq at POPL '08 centers on the syntactic approach .
Is the syntactic approach barking up the wrong tree , in the long term ?
The semantic approach ?
Both ?
Neither ?
This list was too good to pass up .
I hope you enjoy it .
1. George W. Bush
Charges :
Is it a civil rights milestone to have a retarded president ?
Maybe it would be , if he were ever legitimately elected .
You can practically hear the whole nation holding its breath , hoping this guy will just fucking leave come January '09 and not declare martial law .
Only supporters left are the ones who would worship a fucking turnip if it promised to kill foreigners .
Is so clearly not in charge of his own White House that his feeble attempts to define himself as " decider " or " commander guy " are the equivalent of a five - year - old kid sitting on his dad 's Harley and saying " vroom vroom ! "
Has lost so many disgusted staffers that all he 's left with are the kids from Jesus Camp .
The first president who is so visibly stupid he can say " I did n't know what was in the National Intelligence Estimate until last week " and sound plausible .
Inarguably a major criminal and a much greater threat to the future of America than any Muslim terrorist .
Exhibit A : " And there is distrust in Washington .
I am surprised , frankly , at the amount of distrust that exists in this town .
And I 'm sorry it 's the case , and I 'll work hard to try to elevate it . "
Sentence : Dismembered , limbs donated to injured veterans .
6. Rudy Giuliani
Charges : 9/11 Tourette 's syndrome , compounded by compulsive lying .
Despite the '93 WTC bombing , did n't act to put all first responders on the same radio frequency and chose to house his Emergency Command Center on the 23rd floor of WTC 7 .
Giuliani Partners consulting firm routinely did business with a Qatar ministry run by royal Abdallah bin Khalid al - Thani , a man whose farm has seen guests the likes of Khalid Sheikh Muhammad and Osama bin Laden .
Wooed mistress and future wife with an NYPD chauffeur and trips to Southampton on NYC taxpayers ' dime .
Ruined the prospect of a Times Square tug - job .
Exhibit A : Stages phone calls from his wife during campaign stops - to show 'em he 's got family values .
Family values apparently do not include rudimentary put - it - on - vibrate cell phone etiquette .
Invoked 9/11 to explain this .
Sentence : Victim of the next 9/11 , which consists of two radio - controlled hobby planes smashing into his face .
3. Hillary Clinton
Charges : Began in politics as a teenage Nixon supporter -- that 's twisted .
Moved on to corporate law , representing Wal - Mart and bravely defending Coca - Cola from disabled employees .
Married out of ambition .
Failed miserably as the first lady of health care .
Has spent whole of senatorial career as a hawk and a panderer .
Would have no shot at becoming president if she did n't just happen to be married to one already .
Exhibit A : Has deftly avoided the flip - flopper label -- by never , ever answering a question directly or committing to a position in the first place .
Sentence : Victim of vast right wing conspiracy to shove a brick up her ass .
4. Michael Vick
Charges : Abusing , strangling , electrocuting and murdering a promising NFL career -- and some dogs .
Reinforces noxious stereotypes about both jocks and black men .
Inspired Whoopi Goldberg to express an opinion .
Exhibit A : Makes millions for throwing ball , decides to invest in gambling on dog fights .
How much dumber do people get than this ?
Sentence : Slathered in barbecue sauce and set loose naked in a PETA - operated shelter for vicious dogs .
5. William Kristol
Charges :
Bears the burlesque Cheshire grin of a sophist born with a large silver spoon jammed sideways in his mouth .
A second generation neocon raised in the tradition of Straussian perception management and myth creation , Kristol is basically lying about everything -- always -- and he knows it .
Whether at the helm of Rupert Murdoch 's Weekly Standard , appearing on Murdoch 's Fox News Channel , or co-founding the disastrous Project for a New American Century , Bill is arguably the most egregious media hawk of a generation .
Seems to have suffered no ill impact to his career or prestige despite having been completely wrong about everything to do with Iraq and Iran , and actually laughs about it with obnoxious frequency .
Exhibit A : " First of all , whenever I hear anything described as a heartless assault on our children , I tend to think it 's a good idea .
I 'm happy that the President 's willing to do something bad for the kids . "
Sentence : Corners of mouth torn apart by metal hook towing mules and face stomped by high - heeled elephants .
6. John Hagee
Charges :
A fat , submoronic pastor who is literally trying to bring about the end of the world , Hagee is the leader of the peculiar movement of Christian Zionism , whose basic plan is to get Israel full control of Jerusalem , setting the stage for world war and Armageddon , so Hagee and his flock can ascend to heaven while the Jews , Muslims ( especially the Muslims ) and everyone else can suffer and die in the wreckage .
But lest you get the idea
Hagee is an earnestly insane man of the cloth , it turns out he 's also paid himself in the millions , first from his non-profit TV station , which he cleverly turned into a tax - exempt church .
So maybe Hagee is just another charlatan , but his message is still the most dangerous he could possibly preach .
Exhibit A : " I deserve every dime I 'm getting . "
Sentence : Banished to hell for being a shitty tipper .
7. Mitt Romney
Charges : America 's first clip - art presidential candidate , Romney is a strange mixture of game show host looks and android charm .
A true flip - flopper , Romney 's ability to turn on an ideological dime is unparalleled , but his excuses are so inauthentic that even Republicans have trouble suspending their disbelief .
Exhibit A : " You can't have freedom without religion , and you can't have religion without freedom . "
Sentence : Strapped to the roof of his family car , which his dog attempts to drive across the country , but crashes horribly ( because dogs can't drive , of course ) .
Romney 's flesh burns off in the ensuing fire , revealing him to be a standard protocol droid set to world domination mode .
Narrowly edged out of primary race by Huckabee .
8. Lou Dobbs
Charges : Obvious , intensifying xenophobia and distrust of the yellow and brown races , possibly exacerbated by Mexican wife .
Whatever useful message Dobbs once had about economic populism and the deleterious effects of globalization and cheap labor on American wages has long been tainted by his obvious animosity towards foreigners , specifically Mexicans and the Chinese .
Every installment of his hour - long broadcast on CNN is dominated by reports about the " menace " of foreign imports , be they illegal immigrants crossing " our broken borders " to spread disease and rape our women , or poisonous products from " communist China . "
Proof that Dobbs is a venomous yellow journalist shithead can be seen in his reaction to media criticism of a segment on his show in which it was erroneously reported that there had been a sudden upsurge in leprosy cases , totaling 7,000 in just three years , the source of which was a lawyer who had also said in speeches that Mexican immigrants tend to molest children .
In truth , there had been 7,000 cases of leprosy in the past thirty years .
Dobbs was confronted several times with this fact -- first he strongly defended his numbers , then strongly denied ever having used his numbers .
A real journalist admits his errors .
Dobbs is an ass .
Exhibit A : Sharply criticized the use of Mexican flags in immigrant demonstrations , then denied the obvious double standard of that comment by going on to say that he would have the same problem with Irish flags at the St. Patrick 's Day parade , and , in fact , that he was against St. Patrick 's Day .
Yeah , sure , Lou .
Sentence : Stuffed with Green Cards ; turned into amnesty pinata .
9. Nicole Richie
Charges :
Not a brick house .
Not mighty mighty .
Vastly easier than Sunday morning .
Her criminal exploits , attended by hollow contritions , do inestimable harm to drug legalization efforts ; while inexplicably adding nothing to the forced - sterilization debate .
Quite possibly a reason the terrorists hate us .
Exhibit A : " I 've just gone through so much in my life that pulling my top up just does n't seem like that big a deal . "
Sentence : Sealed neck - high in the outhouse foundation of a popular Mexican Spring Break destination .
Jaws propped open .
10 . Mike Huckabee
Charges :
What 's worse , a calculating politician pretending to be a devout Christian , or a genuine heartland preacher who did n't come from no monkey ?
Huckabee is both -- a Southern Baptist who rejects Darwin , wants to give everyone a gun and thinks people with AIDS should be quarantined , and a seedy , corrupt politician who 's never seen a payoff so low he wo n't stoop to pick it up .
Democrats see Huckabee as easily defeated in a general election , but they should n't be so sure -- Smooth talking preachers tend to do well in this country .
Huckabee is well - spoken , kind - faced , and the opposite of wordly -- he 's Obama for hicks .
Exhibit A : " I got into politics because I knew government did n't have the real answers , that the real answers lie in accepting Jesus Christ into our lives ...
I hope we answer the alarm clock and take this nation back for Christ . "
Sentence : Just as he's about to win the GOP nomination , a freak gust of wind catches Huckabee 's excess skin and carries him out over the Atlantic , where he drifts for hours before God appears to him , tells him He 's a Unitarian , and sends him to hell .
source : buffalobeast.com
DIGG THIS
The latest move by the mainstream media against Ron Paul is to call him a Libertarian whenever they can fit it into the story .
One after another , the pundits work the word in and attempt to make it sound as fringe as possible .
The funny part about all of this is that it is not working and having quite the opposite effect .
After all , Libertarian just means that you value liberty .
How is that an insult ?
Most Americans are Libertarians as children , when we are innocent and learn our basic morals .
Children learn to share with each other , respect each other ’s toys , not to steal , and not to be bullies .
It is only as one grows more “ sophisticated ” that a person begins to internalize the cognitive dissonance and lies that are told to us by our government .
At some point we go from knowing deep in our hearts that theft is wrong , to accepting the concept of taxation .
Somewhere along the way , we accept that it is perfectly okay to take ( steal ) from person A to give some of it to person B , some of it to the government for all their trouble in making the transfer , and the majority of it to end up serving corporate interests .
At some point in our lives we start to believe that it is morally right to go to other countries and tell them who should be in power and that anything the great United States says must be followed by the world or there will be severe consequences and sanctions .
After all , we are the United States of America .
We know best what is good for all countries .
We begin to accept that charity that comes freely from individuals can never take care of anyone and entitlement programs are born : programs that teach the givers to resent the beneficiaries and programs that teach the recipients to demand more and more .
In the old days of private charities both sides gained virtue from the transaction .
The givers felt good about themselves and felt needed and were appreciated .
The receivers were grateful , thankful , and vowed to help out others as soon as they were able .
Nowadays , instead of anyone feeling good or learning moral values from the practice , both sides learn something ugly , and hatred and scapegoats are born daily .
We have lost something important as a society .
We walk around knowing that something is wrong deep inside , but we ca n’t quite put our finger on it .
It sounds like a nice thing to do to shout to the government that other countries are in trouble and we should help them out .
However , we neglect to look at the consequences it costs the poorest in this country .
We ignore that our government has no money of its own , and when we demand that our government help others , we are actually demanding that they take the money from the people in this country to accomplish the feat .
As children we would call that theft .
As adults we call it compassion ?
When someone points out the damage this forced giving does to the poor in our own country , we try to push that information down and claim that there must be a way to help everyone .
Sadly , money has its limits .
So does any commodity .
You can not create more just by wishing it .
If we help other countries by simply creating credit for them out of thin air ( essentially printing more dollars ) we devalue the currency here at home and all goods and services go up in price having a disproportionate effect on the poor and slowly eliminating the middle class .
On the other hand , we also want to give money to the poor at home , which sounds like a noble cause , but again , we must take the money from someone to give it to them .
Instead of offering entitlements , if you let people keep their entire paycheck , the people could take care of themselves and the rest would have enough to make their own choice about which charity they want to support .
Did you know it costs around seven dollars in transaction costs just to get one dollar from person A to person B ?
Ca n ’t we do better ?
Why is it so hard for people to want to eliminate the middleman ?
Americans are a giving bunch .
We would take care of needy people .
You would , would n’t you ?
Being a Libertarian simply means that you believe in the rights of the ordinary person .
It means you believe that people should be free to do what they want as long as they are not hurting anyone .
It means that you believe that people should be responsible for themselves .
It also means that you believe in having privacy in your finances and other personal information .
Being a Libertarian means that you have returned to your once unshakable morality that always made sense … before you became “ sophisticated ” … when you were pure .
The more the media calls Ron Paul a Libertarian , the more they compliment him .
As an added bonus , a lot of his supporters are realizing that deep down inside , they too believe in freedom and liberty , and are coming to realize those are the ingredients that are missing from their lives .
However , Ron Paul is not just a Libertarian ; he is also a conservative constitutionalist Republican .
With Ron Paul , you get a person that believes in limited government coercion in people ’s private lives , but also believes in strong national defense .
You get someone who would rather we have our National Guard here at home to deal with national disasters such as wildfires and protecting our borders rather than someone who takes our best trained border guards and sends them to another continent .
Of course the Ron Paul message is resonating with people .
Until the Neocons hijacked the Republican Party , most Republicans leaned in the Libertarian direction .
Here we have , once again , a Libertarian leaning Republican and he is drawing tens of thousands back into a party that frankly — has been dying .
Ron Paul gave a wonderful speech about the Neocons that can be found here .
You can even watch it below .
Do so ; it is worth your time .
The saddest part of all of this name calling however , is that the once strong Republican base is being torn in two by one side that wants to spend every dime we have building an empire and creating a world government ( the Neocons ) , and the other side that wants to stick to the roots of the Republican party and limit the size and scope of our foreign policy , pay down our debt , and keep the money to protect the people here at home .
Ron Paul 's message is even resonating with Democrats who want Big Brother off of our backs and are worried about the loss of civil liberties that has taken place in the past several years .
Ron Paul brings people together .
Most people say they want a fiscally conservative government that offers individuals personal freedom but they have to choose between a party that only offers one half or the other .
With Ron Paul , you get both .
The mainstream news rarely reports on the wonderful bills put forth by Dr. Paul .
Were you aware that Ron Paul wrote a bill to make Social Security benefits tax - free ?
Did you even know that he wrote a bill to separate out the Social Security payments from other money that Congress spends so that the folks that need the money would always have it ?
( Seniors , when the media tries to scare you to death by saying that Ron Paul wants to eliminate Social Security and Medicare he means he would eliminate it generations down the road and he would only eliminate now it for the young people who voluntarily want to opt out of the system . )
Ron Paul is the only man who has a plan that will save your benefits by eliminating wasteful spending on foreign policy .
Ron Paul has never voted to give Social Security money to Congress to spend on other things .
Did you know that he was forced to write a bill that requires our government to follow the Constitution ?
How sad is it that we have come to a day and age where we need a law to force our leaders to follow the law ?
If the Neo -Conned Republicans do n’t get wise they are going to lose in so many ways .
First , they will lose one of the greatest patriots to ever run for President by ignoring his candidacy and making fun of him because that is the Neo - Con agenda .
Second , they nearly guarantee a loss to a Democrat next year as the 70 % or more Americans who do n’t want the war in Iraq to continue come out to vote and find only one candidate on the ballot that is anti-war .
( Not one Republican will say anything more than we can only leave Iraq once we have our dignity back and have won this war .
Yet no one is willing or able to give a definition of “ winning . " )
As Ron Paul put it , how many Americans have to die so the Neocons can save face ?
Finally , the Neo-Conned Republicans will lose the only chance America has of getting better .
We need free markets to bring down the price of health care .
We need to return to a sound money system to end the inflation tax that destroys the middle class and kills the poor .
We need to get the Federal Government out of our schools so that parents can decide what their children get taught and the education system can get better .
We need our children to be taught by multitudes of people with many different curriculums .
You would n't want the government to take over the press and have full control of teaching you information , so why do you want them to decide all the information your children learn ?
We need to end the IRS so that workers can have an incentive to work harder , will have enough money to take care of their families and will not have to look to the government to support them , and so they can have money to invest in a brighter future for themselves … and in so doing , for all of us .
We , Americans , need Ron Paul .
Ron Paul offers hope and freedom and prosperity to a country that was once at the top and now has a dollar that is falling fast .
Ron Paul offers us all the things that we dream of but have been taught ca n’t be possible — we do n’t know why they are not possible , but somehow , somewhere along the way , we accepted that taxes are inevitable and that we as a nation must control the whole world or it will fall apart without us , no matter how much it costs us .
We have learned to accept that a 40 - hour workweek is part - time , and you really should have both parents working full - time .
The dream we once believed in can come true .
You can keep the fruits of your labor and we do n't have to police the entire world .
Not with a Ron Paul Presidency .
The change would n’t happen overnight , but it would happen and four years from now you would be better off financially and safer .
So , yeah , go ahead and call him a Libertarian .
He can take it .
You might as well call him a patriot while you are at it .
Please click on the links in this article .
They take you to very important speeches and bills given and written by Ron Paul .
If you want to learn who this man is , read what he believes .
Then you will understand why so many are so passionate about him .
Have you seen anyone running down the street shouting Hillary , Hillary !
How many homemade signs have you seen for Rudy or Mitt or Fred ?
Find out why the people are so intrigued and inspired by Ron Paul .
The interesting part is that the most learned men and women in our society are becoming enamored with Ron Paul .
Learn who he is .
If you still do n’t like him , at least you will be informed .
If I have not covered a certain topic or you want further treatment on a subject , go to the LewRockwell.com home page and search the Ron Paul file for articles others have written about him .
There is a reason the " revolution " is growing .
People are tired of having no voice .
People are fed up with having those folks in D.C. take the people 's money and send it to corporations and bail out the banks with it .
People do n't need to take it anymore .
Ron Paul is here and Ron Paul is on the people 's side .
As a pundit recently stated " A lot of things he says just make sense . "
November 9 , 2007
The Best of Sandra Hamilton
" Worst blog i have ever seen .
You are certifiably crazy LIBERAL "
-- Ralph O'Brien
" A living example of what is wrong with the Democrats " -- Terrye " Tom Hilton needs to get a life and an understanding before he writes about what he does not know . " -- Frosty Wooldridge " Kit was the most trigger - happy person I had ever met . " -- Holly Sargis
1975 : Sony introduces the Betamax video recorder .
Revolutionary for its day , the Betamax format was on its way to becoming the industry standard until the appearance of JVC's VHS a year later .
Betamax was probably a bit sharper and crisper , but VHS offered longer - playing ability , which made it possible to record an entire movie on one three - hour tape .
The two formats were locked in a struggle that was eventually won by VHS .
A number of theories as to why VHS emerged victorious have been floated , but the longer playing time was certainly crucial , as was the fact that VHS machines were cheaper and easier to use .
Betamax was also the subject of a lawsuit filed by the entertainment industry ( with Disney and Universal taking the point ) .
The industry perceived a financial threat from the consumer 's ability to record TV shows or movies .
The court ruled in Sony ’s favor , agreeing with the company that a consumer 's right to record programming represented fair use .
Although Betamax continues to enjoy a connoisseur 's niche to this day , DVDs have rendered both Betamax and VHS passé .
Sony built its last Betamax recorder in 2002 .
( Source : Mediacollege.com )
Disney Cartoon Mashup Explains Copyright Law
File Sharing Has Supreme Moment
From Bakelite to Plasma : TV Through the Ages
If the introduction of a Canadian DMCA were not bad enough , sources now indicate that Industry Minister Jim Prentice plans to delay addressing the copyright concerns of individual Canadians for years .
Rather than including consumer concerns such as flexible fair dealing , time shifting , format shifting , parody , and the future of the private copying levy within the forthcoming bill , Prentice will instead strike a Copyright Review Panel to consider future copyright reforms .
Modeled after the Telecom Policy Review Panel , the CRP will presumably take a year or two to consult Canadians on various copyright issues .
In all likelihood , the government will then take another year or two to consider the recommendations , another year to propose potential reforms , another year or two to consult on those proposals , and another year or two to finally introduce legislation .
Given that Canada has historically only passed major copyright reform once every ten years , Prentice will be in his early 60s and likely collecting his Member of Parliament pension by the time Canadians see copyright reform that addresses fair use .
While a consultation is a good idea , the government should be consulting on all copyright matters rather than caving now to U.S. demands while leaving Canadians consumers , educators , and other stakeholders out in the cold .
The Industry Minister claimed last month to " put consumers first " , yet his copyright plan represents a stunning abdication of his responsibility to represent the Canadian public interest .
As the protests mount over his Canadian DMCA and his attempt to sidetrack consumer copyright concerns , Prentice should acknowledge the public outrage , hold off introducing the Canadian DMCA , and look for plan B .
That would optimally mean conducting a broad public consultation ( or striking a CRP with a full copyright review mandate ) before introducing legislation .
Alternatively , a revised bill could be introduced in February or March that better reflects the copyright balance by addressing consumer concerns now rather than in ten years time .
Scientists have for the first time identified brain sites that fire up more when people make impulsive decisions .
In a study comparing brain activity of sober alcoholics and non-addicted people making financial decisions , the group of sober alcoholics showed significantly more " impulsive " neural activity .
The researchers also discovered that a specific gene mutation boosted activity in these brain regions when people made impulsive choices .
The mutation was already known to reduce brain levels of the neurotransmitter dopamine .
The newly found link involving the gene , impulsive behavior and brain activity suggests that raising dopamine levels may be an effective treatment for addiction , the scientists say .
Lead scientist is Charlotte Boettiger , PhD , assistant professor of psychology at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Boettiger led the research as a scientist at UCSF 's Ernest Gallo Clinic and Research Center .
Senior author is Howard Fields , MD , PhD , a UCSF professor of neurology and an investigator in the Gallo Center .
" Our data suggest there may be a cognitive difference in people with addictions , " Boettiger said .
" Their brains may not fully process the long - term consequences of their choices .
They may compute information less efficiently . "
" What 's exciting about this study is that it suggests a new approach to therapy .
We might prescribe medications , such as those used to treat Parkinson's or early Alzheimer 's disease , or tailor cognitive therapy to improve executive function " she added .
" I am very excited about these results because of their clinical implications , " Fields said .
" The genetic findings raise the hopeful possibility that treatments aimed at raising dopamine levels could be effective treatments for some individuals with addictive disorders . "
The scientists used functional magnetic resonance imaging , or fMRI , to image brain activity while subjects were faced with a hypothetical scenario : choose less money now , or more money later .
advertisement
Boettiger recruited 24 subjects :19 provided fMRI data , 9 were recovering alcoholics in abstinence and 10 had no history of substance abuse .
Another five were included in the genotyping analysis .
At the fMRI research facility at the University of California , Berkeley , financial decision tasks measured rational thinking and impulsivity .
Sober alcoholics chose the " now " reward almost three times more often than the control group , reflecting more impulsive behavior .
While decisions were being made , the imaging detected activity in the posterior parietal cortex , the dorsal prefrontal cortex , the anterior temporal lobe and the orbital frontal cortex .
People who sustain damage to the orbital frontal cortex generally suffer impaired judgment , manage money poorly and act impulsively , the scientists noted .
The study revealed reduced activity in the orbital frontal cortex in the brains of subjects who preferred " now " over " later , " most of whom had a history of alcoholism .
The orbital frontal cortex activity may be a neural equivalent of long - term consequences , Fields said .
advertisement
" Think of the orbital frontal cortex as the brakes , " Boettiger explained .
" With the brakes on , people choose for the future .
Without the brakes they choose for the short - term gain . "
The dorsal prefrontal cortex and the parietal cortex often form cooperative circuits , and this study found that high activity in both is associated with a bias toward choosing immediate rewards .
The frontal and parietal cortexes are also involved in working memory -- being able to hold data in mind over a short delay .
When asked to choose between $ 18 now or $ 20 in a month , the subjects had to calculate how much that $ 18 ( or what it could buy now ) would be worth in a month and then compare it to $ 20 and decide whether it would be worth the wait .
The parietal cortex and the dorsal prefrontal cortex were much more active in people unwilling to wait .
This could mean , Boettiger said , that the area is working less efficiently in those people .
The researchers also focused on a variant of a gene called COMT .
The mutation is associated with lower dopamine levels , and the study showed that people with two copies of this allele ( resulting in the lowest dopamine levels ) had significantly higher frontal and parietal activity and chose " now " over " later " significantly more often .
" We have a lot to learn , " Boettiger said .
" But the data takes a significant step toward being able to identify subtypes of alcoholics , which could help tailor treatments , and may provide earlier intervention for people who are at risk for developing addictions . "
The bigger picture , she added , is that her study provides more evidence that addiction is a disease , something even some of her peers do n't yet believe .
" It 's not unlike chronic diseases , such as diabetes , " she said .
" There are underlying genetic and other biological factors , but the disease is triggered by the choices people make . "
" It was n't that long ago that we believed schizophrenia was caused by bad mothers and depression was n't a disease .
Hopefully , in 10 years , we 'll look back and it will seem silly that we did n't think addiction was a disease , too . "
The research is reported in the Dec. 26 , 2007 issue of the " Journal of Neuroscience . "
Co-authors on the paper are : Jennifer Mitchell , Vanessa Tavares , Margaret Roberston and Geoff Joslyn at the Gallo Center , and Mark D'Esposito at the University of California , Berkeley .
The research was supported by the U.S. Department of Defense and the UCSF Wheeler Center for the Neurobiology of Addiction .
This Sunday , Face the Nation host Bob Schieffer had an important message for " the candidates , and the rest of us " this primary season .
Download Download
Schieffer :
We interrupt American politics to ask this question : Does anyone remember the war in Iraq ? [...]
Until John McCain accused Mitt Romney yesterday of favoring a timetable for withdrawing American forces there , a charge Romney vehemently denies , Republicans hardly mentioned the war .
That would force them to mention George Bush and frankly , they 'd rather talk about Ronald Reagan .
Nor do Democrats bring it up .
The surge of troops the President sent there last year reduced the violence and that raises questions about the Democrats ' previous demands for an immediate American drawdown .
Yet , the war goes on .
Last week , 38 Iraqis died and hundreds were injured as a massive bomb went off in the town of Mosul .
The Iraqi president promised to " do something , " neglecting to mention he had been urged to " do something " in Mosul for months BEFORE the bomb went off .
For the record :
While the Iraqis have been trying to get their act together , the war has claimed 4,094 American military and civilian lives and left more than 29,000 wounded .
Iraq may be off the front pages , but it is not over .
The candidates and the rest of us would do well to remember that .
... ( more )
Anyone who has bonded with a puppy madly sniffing with affection gets an idea of how scents , most not apparent to humans , are critical to a dog 's appreciation of her two - legged friends .
Now new research from Northwestern University suggests that humans also pick up infinitesimal scents that affect whether or not we like somebody .
" We evaluate people every day and make judgments about who we like or do n't like , " said Wen Li , a post - doctoral fellow in the Cognitive Neurology and Alzheimer 's Disease Center at Northwestern 's Feinberg School of Medicine and lead author of the study .
" We may think our judgments are based only on various conscious bits of information , but our senses also may provide subliminal perceptual information that affects our behavior . "
Minute amounts of odors elicited salient psychological and physiological changes that suggest that humans get much more information from barely perceptible scents than previously realized .
To test whether subliminal odors alter social preferences , participants were asked to sniff bottles with three different scents : lemon ( good ) , sweat ( bad ) and ethereal ( neutral ) .
The scents ranged from levels that could be consciously smelled to those that were barely perceptible .
Study participants were informed that an odor would be present in 75 percent of the trials .
Most participants were not aware of the barely perceptible odors .
After sniffing from each of the bottles , they were shown a face with a neutral expression and asked to evaluate it using one of six different rankings , ranging from extremely likeable to extremely unlikeable .
People who were slightly better than average at figuring out whether the minimal smell was present did n't seem to be biased by the subliminal scents .
" The study suggests that people conscious of the barely noticeable scents were able to discount that sensory information and just evaluate the faces , " Li said .
" It only was when smell sneaked in without being noticed that judgments about likeability were biased . "
advertisement
The conclusions fit with recent studies using visual stimuli that suggest that top - down control mechanisms in the brain can be exerted on unconscious processing even though individuals have no awareness of what is being controlled .
Besides Li , the study 's co-investigators include Isabel Moallem , Loyola University ; Ken Paller , professor of psychology in the Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences at Northwestern ; and Jay Gottfried , assistant professor of neurology at Feinberg and senior author of the paper .*
" When sensory input is insufficient to provoke a conscious olfactory experience , subliminal processing prevails and biases perception , " Paller said .
" But as the awareness of a scent increases , greater executive control in the brain is engaged to counteract unconscious olfaction . "
The acute sensitivity of human olfaction tends to be underappreciated .
" In general , people tend to be dismissive of human olfaction and discount the role that smell plays in our everyday life , " said Gottfried .
" Our study offers direct evidence that human social behavior is under the influence of miniscule amounts of odor , at concentrations too low to be consciously perceived , indicating that the human sense of smell is much keener than commonly thought . "
The study adds to a growing body of research suggesting that subliminal sensory information -- whether from scents , vision or hearing -- affects perception .
" We are beginning to understand more about how perception and memory function , " Paller said , " by taking into account various types of influences that operate without our explicit knowledge . "
* The paper " Subliminal Smells Can Guide Social Preferences " was published in the December issue of Psychological Science .
At a meeting back in the 1930s , a professor of aerodynamics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology named Ed Warner was told that Pan Am was developing a new 39 - seat airplane .
Warner scoffed at the idea , and scrawled some mathematical equations on a blackboard to show that it could n’t be done .
“ There , ” he said , “ that proves it . ”
I do n’t know much about aerodynamics , but I ’m pretty sure Warner was right .
Any perfectly sane person can see that planes should n’t fly , whether they have 39 seats or — in the case of the new Airbus 380 configured for all - economy class — 853 seats .
You can talk all you want about “ lift . ”
All I hear is “ fairy dust . ”
But to walk through the doors of a modern airport is to enter into a world of wonders , where normal rules and laws do n’t hold sway .
And it ’s not just the laws of gravity that have been repealed here .
Many economic laws do n’t apply , either : A four - day car rental is more than a seven - day rental .
A one - way trip is more than a round trip .
A 45 - minute flight to a small airport in the next state costs more than flying clear across the country .
Amazing and weird !
Just those old roadside attractions touting freakish quirks of magnetism .
Then there ’s the boarding pass I hold in my hand at the T.S.A. portcullis .
This is where our power of make - believe needs to be strongest .
We present our IDs and boarding passes to the pre-screener , who studies them for minor discrepancies with a gravity suggesting that our documents are the sole barrier keeping Islamo - Fascists out of the cockpit .
We all go along with it .
Never mind that my “ boarding pass ” is something that I printed out from my computer the night before — in fact , the sort of thing easily ginned up by a moderately adept 12 - year - old with Photoshop .
( Last year a graduate student created an online boarding pass generator so that anyone could print out a fake boarding pass with a few clicks of a mouse .
The site vanished after the creator was visited by unamused F.B.I. agents . )
Of course , the boarding - pass - and - ID - please hokey - pokey — the vanguard to the more sensible x-ray machines , metal detectors and explosive sniffers — is n’t really for national security .
It ’s for the airline ’s economic security .
This pre-screening is largely to ensure that we have n’t engaged in anything outlandish — like capitalism — by selling our tickets to someone else .
The airline ticket is a curious beast .
It ’s yours and yours alone , and unlike a ticket for a music or sports event , it ca n’t be sold or even given away .
You hand it to someone else and it turns to dust .
You can rebook or get credit for a future flight through the airline , but unless you ’ve paid the top fare the exchange costs are hefty — typically about $ 100 per person .
Being locked into a travel schedule weeks in advance is disturbingly medieval in our fast - paced age , where we alter plans on a moment ’s notice .
Why ca n’t we sell our tickets if we decide today we ’d rather be in Helsinki than Helena for Christmas ?
Airlines say the restrictions are to maintain order and to prevent speculators from buying up all those desirable Helsinki tickets then selling them at a premium later .
Possibly .
But the larger reason is certainly that airlines make tidy millions on those $ 100 change requests .
Some lurching efforts have been made to create a sort of Stub Hub of the skies , a legal and equitable online secondary market .
In 2001 FairAir.com went live , offering travelers the ability to resell tickets on several small carriers plus limited routes served by Northwest Airlines with fees starting at $ 9.95 .
Do n’t bother looking for it .
The site closed less than two months after it launched .
Airlines , predictably , saw little reason to give up their change fees just to make air travel more convenient for the flying public .
I hope airlines will revisit this —
I ’m convinced there are ways of doing this without their losing significant revenue .
One possible model might be to mimic sports teams by having airlines establish their own reselling networks online .
This not only allows the airlines to recapture a slice of subsequent sales , but guarantees that tickets wo n’t be fraudulent .
So someone with an unwanted Northwestern ticket , for instance , could sell it on the Northwestern Web site for flat fee — say $ 10 .
Sellers could set the price — perhaps capped at no more than 25 percent above what they paid to discourage speculators — and the airline would charge buyers another $ 10 to purchase .
They could take a cut of the sale as well .
While that still may be less than the $ 100 they now pocket , I ’d wager they ’d more than make it up in volume as relieved passengers rush to redeem their tickets to Helena without major penalties .
And think of the goodwill — something airlines could use a bit of just now .
An organized secondary market for tickets has a certain amount of economic logic to it .
Which means , like the 39 - seat plane , I ’m pretty sure it wo n’t fly .
After his release , The Times reported , he went to Los Angeles where he was said to have met local Scientologists and attended several parties for movie stars , possibly the July 18 dedication of the celebrity center .
{ 19} Scientology literature was also said to be found at the ranch when Manson and his family were captured .
{ 20 } But for reasons unknown , it is claimed that Manson may have been made a " suppressive person " by the Scientologists , and there have also been hints that he may have joined the Process , the sex and satan group which originally broke away from Scientology .{ 21}
Another bit of publicity that the Scientologists are probably not too pleased with concerns the murder of three people in Los Angeles .
{ 22 } Two were Scientologists .
According to The New York Post , all three were brutally beaten , ritualistically stabbed , had their right eyes cut out , and were dumped 100 yards from a Scientology commune .
One of the girls , Miss Doreen Gaul , nineteen , who came from New York to study Scientology , was naked except for a strand of Indian beads .
The boy , James Sharpe was fifteen years old .
The third was unidentified .
Doreen Gaul 's father allegedly told a New York Post reporter that she had lately become disenchanted with Scientology .
MUMBAI , India , Jan 28 , 2008  --
An illegal kidney transplant racket in which hundreds of India 's poor were forced into having their kidneys removed has been uncovered by police .
The mastermind behind the scam is believed to be Dr. Amit Kumar ( also known as Dr. Santosh Raut ) who Mumbai police have been chasing since 1993 , according to the Indian Express newspaper , a local Indian newspaper .
The doctor was also arrested in Delhi in 2000 .
Officials said that 500 to 600 kidneys were stolen or purchased from victims in Gurgaon , a high - tech city on the outskirts of New Delhi , .
The kidneys were transplanted into the bodies of wealthy Indians or foreigners .
Five foreign tourists , including two Americans , were found in what police described as a " luxury guest house " owned by the doctor on Saturday .
There was a waiting list of some 40 foreigners from at least five countries .
The investigation is ongoing and police are raiding hospitals ' offices and guest houses , Gurgaon Police Commissioner Mohinder Lal told reporters in Gurgaon on Monday .
Unsuspecting victims of the scam said they were promised a job , then taken to a private house and forced at gunpoint to sell their kidneys .
The transplants occurred inside the house , which had a hidden state - of - the - art operating room inside .
Those who sold their kidneys received about 50,000 rupees or $ 1,800 - although wealthy clients paid ten times that amount .
Many victims were told that they needed to undergo a blood test screening for a potential job– only to wake up to find they had undergone surgery and had their kidneys extracted .
" I was approached by a stranger for a job .
When I accepted , I was taken to a room with gunmen , " Mohammed Salim told India 's local NDTV television channel .
" They tested my blood , gave me an injection and I lost consciousness .
When I woke up , I had pain in my lower abdomen and I was told that my kidney had been removed . "
Suspicious neighbors said they had noticed blood running out of the house 's gutters , as well as blood - soaked bandages and even bits of flesh thrown into an open plot near the house , according to Reuters .
The doctor accused of heading the group may have fled the country and as many as 50 medical officials may have been involved in the racket , according to police .
The Arctic ice cap has collapsed at an unprecedented rate this summer and levels of sea ice in the region now stand at record lows , scientists have announced .
Experts say they are " stunned " by the loss of ice , with an area almost twice as big as the UK disappearing in the last week alone .
So much ice has melted this summer that the Northwest passage across the top of Canada is fully navigable , and observers say the Northeast passage along Russia 's Arctic coast could open later this month .
If the increased rate of melting continues , the summertime Arctic could be totally free of ice by 2030 .
Mark Serreze , an Arctic specialist at the US National Snow and Ice Data Centre at Colorado University in Denver , said : " It 's amazing .
It 's simply fallen off a cliff and we 're still losing ice . "
The Arctic has now lost about a third of its ice since satellite measurements began thirty years ago , and the rate of loss has accelerated sharply since 2002 .
Dr Serreze said : " If you asked me a couple of years ago when the Arctic could lose all of its ice then I would have said 2100 , or 2070 maybe .
But now I think that 2030 is a reasonable estimate .
It seems that the Arctic is going to be a very different place within our lifetimes , and certainly within our childrens ' lifetimes . "
The new figures show that sea ice extent is currently down to 4.4 m square kilometres ( 1.7 m square miles ) and still falling .
The previous record low was 5.3 m square kilometres in September 2005 .
From 1979 to 2000 the average sea ice extent was 7.7 m square kilometres .
The sea ice usually melts in the Arctic summer and freezes again in the winter .
But Dr Serreze said that would be difficult this year .
" This summer we 've got all this open water and added heat going into the ocean .
That is going to make it much harder for the ice to grow back . "
Changes in wind and ocean circulation patterns can help reduce sea ice extent , but Dr Serreze said the main culprit was man-made global warming .
" The rules are starting to change and what 's changing the rules is the input of greenhouse gases . "
The spirit of John F. Kennedy 's Peace Corps , a civilian program without any ties to the U.S. military or intelligence community designed to help steer newly - emergent nations , mostly in Africa , to self - sufficiency and development , is officially dead .
George W. Bush 's Africa Command ( AFRICOM ) not only places oil and global military strategy as the number one and two goals of America 's Africa policy but places the State Department 's assistance program for Africa firmly under Pentagon control .
In Pentagon - speak , AFRICOM , created on October 1 , 2007 , is currently a sub-unified command under the European Command ( EUCOM ) in Stuttgart , Germany .
On October 1 , 2008 , AFRICOM will become a separate unified command .
AFRICOM is still looking for a permanent base in Africa but there is a likelihood that it will be scattered as a " distributed command " across the continent to further extend America 's military presence into every region , Saharan and Sub - Saharan .
Moreover , the militarization of America 's Africa policy , begun under George H. W. Bush and continued by Bill Clinton and George W. Bush , will continue in a Hillary Clinton administration .
That is because there is a group of militaristic U.S. African " experts " in the Pentagon , State Department , and in - waiting at pro-Hillary Clinton think tanks like the Center for American Progress ( CAP ) .
Ironically , these " experts " are mostly woman and they include current Assistant US Secretary of State for African Affairs Jendayi Frazer , Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for African Affairs Theresa Whalen , and Bill Clinton 's Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Susan Rice , who is currently with CAP .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Bill Clinton with one of Africa 's most corrupt and blood thirsty dictators , Paul Kagame , in 2006 .
Bush I - Clinton I - Bush II - and possible Clinton II Africa policies are carbon copies of each other .
Before leaving for New York , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told “ 60 Minutes ” that his nation was not going to war with the U.S. and that the nuclear bomb had outlived its usefulness : “ If it was useful , it would have prevented the downfall of the Soviet Union ; if it was useful , it would resolved the problem the Americans have in Iraq . …
The time of the bomb is passed . ”
CBS News :
SCOTT PELLEY :
At the moment , our two countries may very well be walking down the road to war .
How do you convince President Bush , how do you convince other nations in the West …
AHMADINEJAD : What two parties are walking towards war ?
PELLEY : Iran , the United States , Western countries .
France this week …
AHMADINEJAD : Who says that ?
PELLEY : France this week said that war might be indicated .
How do you convince these Western powers that you are not pursuing a bomb ?
AHMADEINEJAD :
You have n’t read the latest news , I have to say .
It ’s wrong to think that Iran and the U.S. are walking towards war .
Who says so ?
Why should we go to war ?
What reasons are there for the two countries to go to war ?
We have a logic which we have announced for some time now .
We very much oppose the behavior of the U.S. administration .
We think it ’s wrong .
And we are saying what we feel , and you are free to say what you feel .
And people have a right to choose .
Why should we go to war over that ?
If having said that is a part of a psychological warfare plot .
The American people are well familiar with these plots .
You should n’t make the American people afraid needlessly .
There ’s no war in the offing .
And also I think that certain American officials do not want friendly relations between the two countries and the citizens of the two countries to visit each other .
Last year we requested for a direct flight between the two countries because we want to promote trade , promote cultural activities , and also people - to - people contact .
But the American government opposed that .
There is no war in the offing .
Again , this is psychological warfare .
If you have differences of opinions , you can use logic to resolve your differences .
Read more and watch the interview
The exact source of the noise from male Anna 's hummingbirds has been the subject of debate among researchers .
By using specialised footage , a team of US scientists were able to show that male hummingbirds ' tail feathers vibrated during high - speed dives .
The findings appear in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B journal .
The loud chirp sound is produced by male Anna 's hummingbirds ( Calypte anna ) as the birds dive towards the ground at speeds that exceed 50 mph ( 80 km / h ) during their displays for nearby females .
Hitting the right note
The researchers , Chris Clarke and Teresa Feo from the University of California , Berkeley , wrote in their paper that they had gathered evidence that put an end to the uncertainty surrounding the source of the sound .
Tracking a hummingbird 's dive
Enlarge Image
" Production of the sound was originally attributed to the tail , but a more recent study argued that the sound was vocal .
" We use high - speed video of diving birds , experimental manipulation on wild birds and laboratory experiments on individual feathers to show that the dive sound is made by tail feathers , " they explained .
The pair added that while bird vocalisation had received considerable attention , non-vocal or " mechanical " sounds had been " poorly described " .
" A diverse array of birds apparently make mechanical sounds with their feathers .
Few studies have established that these sounds are non-vocal , and the mechanics of how these sounds are produced remain poorly studied , " the scientists wrote .
They said the footage revealed that the trailing vane of the birds ' out - tail feathers fluttered rapidly to produce the sound .
The characteristic dive caused a subtle change in the shape of these feathers to produce a loud chirping sound , the researchers noted .
" Many kinds of birds are reported to create aerodynamic sounds with their wings or tail , and this model may explain a wide diversity of non-vocal sounds produced by birds , " they concluded .
Late last year , the State of Ohio amended its gun laws to allowed gun owners to carry concealed weapons and voided local gun control ordiances in the process .
Today , the City of Cleveland filed a lawsuit seeking to overturn the law and keep its restrictive gun laws in effect :
Cleveland challenged a state law Wednesday that makes it illegal for the city to make its own gun laws , such as banning assault weapons .
Cleveland filed suit in Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court on the same day the state law throwing out local gun ordinances took effect .
At a news conference announcing the suit , Mayor Frank Jackson said Cleveland will continue to enforce its gun laws , which include prohibiting minors from possessing firearms and banning the sale and possession of assault weapons .
Cleveland ’s laws were deemed illegal under a new provision of the state concealed - carry gun law legislators adopted last December by overriding a veto by departing Gov. Bob Taft .
The city contends that the law violates its right to make its own laws and enforce the law , but the State ’s Attorney General disagrees :
State Attorney General Marc
Dann ’s office does n’t necessarily see gun control as a local issue .
“ The state laws are part of a comprehensive statewide scheme that seeks to protect both the public and the rights of gun owners , ” Dann ’s press secretary , Jennifer Brindisi , said in a statement .
On this point , it is important to note that the Ohio Constitution , like the U.S. Constitution protects the right of citizens to keep and bear arms .
Arguably , the new state law is merely enforcing that Constitutional right .
An extensive mapping program launched by the LAPD ’s anti-terrorism bureau to identify Muslim enclaves across the city sparked outrage Thursday from some Islamic groups and civil libertarians , who denounced the effort as an exercise in racial and religious profiling .
Los Angeles Police Department Deputy Chief Michael P. Downing , who heads the bureau , defended the undertaking as a way to help Muslim communities avoid the influence of those who would radicalize Islamic residents and advocate “ violent , ideologically - based extremism . ”
“ We are seeking to identify at - risk communities , ” Downing said in an interview Thursday evening .
“ We are looking for communities and enclaves based on risk factors that are likely to become isolated .
. . .
We want to know where the Pakistanis , Iranians and Chechens are so we can reach out to those communities . ”
Downing added that the Muslim Public Affairs Council has embraced the vaguely defined program “ in concept . ”
The group ’s executive director , Salam Al - Marayati , said Thursday that it wanted to know more about the plan and had a meeting set with the LAPD next week .
Advertisement
“ We will work with the LAPD and give them input , while at the same time making sure that people ’s civil liberties are protected , ” said Al - Marayati , who commended Downing for being “ very forthright in his engagement with the Muslim community . ”
Others condemned the project , however .
“ We certainly reject this idea completely , ” said Shakeel Syed , executive director of the Islamic Shura Council of Southern California .
“ This stems basically from this presumption that there is homogenized Muslim terrorism that exists among us . ”
Syed said he is a member of Police Chief William J. Bratton ’s forum of religious advisors , but had not been told of the community mapping program .
“ This came as a jolt to me , ” Syed said .
Advertisement
Hussam Ayloush , who leads the Los Angeles chapter of the Council on American - Islamic Relations , said the mapping “ basically turns the LAPD officers into religious political analysts , while their role is to fight crime and enforce the laws . ”
During Oct. 30 testimony before Congress , Downing described the program broadly as an attempt to “ mitigate radicalization . ”
At that time , he said law enforcement agencies nationwide faced “ a vicious , amorphous and unfamiliar adversary on our land . ”
Downing and other law enforcement officials said police agencies around the world are dealing with radical Muslim groups that are isolated from the larger community , making potential breeding groups for terrorism .
He cited terror cells in Europe as well as the case of some Muslim extremists in New Jersey arrested in May for allegedly planning to bomb Ft. Dix .
“ We want to map the locations of these closed , vulnerable communities , and in partnership with these communities . . . help [ weave ] these enclaves into the fabric of the larger society , ” he said in his testimony .
Advertisement
“ To do this , we need to go into the community and get to know peoples ’ names , ” he said .
“ We need to walk into homes , neighborhoods , mosques and businesses . ”
To assemble the mapping data , Downing said in an interview Thursday , the LAPD intends to enlist USC ’s Center for Risk and Economic Analysis of Terrorism Events , which was founded four years ago with $ 12 million in federal funds .
In 2003 , university officials said the center would focus on threats to power plants , telecommunications and transportation systems .
It recently was tapped to strengthen security at Los Angeles International Airport .
Advertisement
Downing said the effort would not involve spying on neighborhoods .
He said it would identify groups , not individuals .
“ This has nothing to do with intelligence , ” he said , comparing it to market research .
But in his congressional testimony , Downing said the LAPD hoped to identify communities that “ may be susceptible to violent , ideologically - based extremism and then use a full - spectrum approach guided by an intelligence - led strategy . ”
Downing told lawmakers the program would “ take a deeper look at the history , demographics , language , culture , ethnic breakdown , socioeconomic status and social interactions . ”
Advertisement
He added that the project was in its very early stages , and that its cost and full scope have not been determined .
“ Physically the work has not begun , ” Downing said .
The American Civil Liberties Union and some community groups sent a letter Thursday to Downing expressing “ grave concerns ” about the program and asking for a meeting .
“ The mapping of Muslim communities . . . seems premised on the faulty notion that Muslims are more likely to commit violent acts than people of other faiths , ” the letter states .
Advertisement
ACLU Executive Director Ramona Ripston compared the program to the Red Scare of the 1950s and said : “ This is nothing short of racial profiling . ”
But Al - Marayati said he believed that Downing was working in good faith .
“ He is well - known in the Muslim community , ” he said .
“ He ’s been in a number of mosques and been very forthright in his engagement with the Muslim community . ”
--
Advertisement
richard.winton@latimes.com
jp.renaud@latimes.com
paul.pringle@latimes.com
Times staff writers Francisco Vara - Orta , Andrew Blankstein and Stuart Silverstein contributed to this report .
Are you still searching for the ultimate tough and indestructible kennel ?
As a longtime show dog owner , I ’ve used many dog crates in the past .
These crates are indispensable , not only for transporting my dogs to shows but also to give them a safe and secure place to relax in .
As such , I ’ve become an expert on dog crates , particularly those that are marketed as heavy - duty , strong , and indestructible .
I ’ve tried many a kennel in my time and I ’m here to give you the rundown on which ones are the very best .
I ’m well aware that there are plenty of fly by night manufacturers hawking inferior products , so I ’m only going to list my personal favorite and a few choice runner ups .
I ’ve assembled a list of the heavy duty , reliably strong and indestructible kennel candidates for you to choose from .
Many of these are among the best dog crates , and they are truly of the cream of the crop .
If you ’re ready to get started , read on .
My # 1 Recommended Heavy Duty Dog Crate
When it comes to finding a truly adaptable and indestructible dog kennel , my number one choice on this list is the brand new ProSelect Empire .
I make this choice advisedly .
This is the kennel that performs at its best under the most stressful conditions .
I ’m not saying you should put it to this kind of test on a regular basis .
However , it ’s nice to know that the ProSelect Empire is built to take the maximum stress while keeping your dog completely safe , warm , and secure .
For this reason and quite a few others , I can definitely recommend the ProSelect Empire as the top choice for discerning dog kennel buyers .
However , there are a number of very important qualities that you should also be looking for when buying a dog crate .
For this reason , I ’ve listed a few quality runner ups that are also very worthy of your time and attention .
You may even prefer one of them to my own number one choice .
ProSelect Empire
This strong and indestructible kennel is made with 20 gauge steel , reinforced with 0.5 inch steel tubes
Generously sized at 35.75 inches x 23.5 inches with 24.5 inches of height .
A larger model is also available
Removable floor grate allows you to keep the kennel clean at all times
Removable casters allow you to transport the cage with ease
The ProSelect Empire is the number one strong and indestructible kennel on my list for a number of reasons , some of which have been outlined above .
When it comes to durability , you certainly can’t argue with 20 gauge steel .
When you need to keep the crate clean , a removable floor grate will make things much simpler and easier .
Portability is also an issue .
A kennel for a large dog is not exactly the world ’s lightest object .
The included removable casters make it easy to move the crate around your house or on to a waiting van for transport .
For all of these reasons , the ProSelect Empire definitely gets my vote for the number one dog crate on this list .
Runner Ups
Even with all of the advantages that the ProSelect Empire undoubtedly possesses , there may be other dog crates that are equally , or even more so , desirable to other buyers .
There are certainly a great many strong and indestructible dog crates available on the market , some of the best of which are on this list .
With that being said , there are also a lot of fakes .
You ’ll be happy to note that none of them are included here .
For example , if you feel that certain features , such as caster wheels or extra large size , are less desirable than an affordable price or a more simple construction , some of these runner ups may possess far more appeal for you .
I ’ll certainly understand if you prefer one of these other models to my own favorite .
In any case , it may be wise to check out a few of these runner ups in order to give them a fair hearing in public .
LUCKUP
First on my present list of runner ups is the LUCKUP Heavy Duty Dog Cage .
This model comes complete with a wide range of features , many of which are similar to those you will find on the ProSelect Empire .
However , there are also some important differences that the astute buyer would do well to take full notice of .
These are mainly differences in construction and user intention rather than anything major .
For example , the LUCKUP Heavy Duty Dog Cage is designed to place a higher value on the immediate security of medium to larger dogs .
It comes with a specially designed double door and locking caster feature that is intended to keep your dog safely and securely inside the unit during storage .
The unit is likewise made of very heavy gauge steel that ensures that , once inside , your precious cargo wo n’t be getting into trouble .
Pros Overall dimensions are 41.5 ″ L X 30.5 ″ W X 37 ″
H
Sliding plastic floor tray allows for quick and easy cleaning
Caster wheels are included for easy transportation
Easily assembled in a matter of minutes with included hardware Cons Total weight of 73 pounds may be a bit much for some dog owners to handle by themselves
Comes in several different sizes and weights so you need to be very specific about which size you are ordering
Floor tray can only go inside at the bottom of the cage , not underneath
SMONSTER Heavy Duty Dog Crate
If you ’re really in the market for a strong and indestructible dog crate , the new model from SMONSTER may be just the ticket .
For others , its sheer bulk and heavy gauge steel construction may be a bit of overkill .
One thing is for sure :
This crate is big , spacious , and virtually escape - proof .
If your large dog is something of a jailbreak specialist , this is the crate that has been designed to foil their best efforts .
As mentioned above , this particular crate is made of extremely heavy steel for a strong and indestructible result .
It also comes with the standard set of features that you would expect from a heavy dog crate for larger breeds .
One feature that you may notice and be grateful for is the included set of caster wheels .
This is an absolute must for a unit of this size and bulk .
You may also notice that it is a bit pricy .
Pros Generously sized at a total of 41.5 ″ L X 30.5 ″ W X 37 ″
H
Includes a full - sized plastic floor tray to facilitate quick and easy cleaning
Caster wheels make transportation a quick and easy matter
Crate is guaranteed with a full warranty of quality for a period of up to 3 years Cons May be a bit pricier than some of the other models on this list
A total weight of 82 pounds may make this a hard sell for some owners
Slide latch security feature may be a bit clunky for some owners
Gelinzon
The Gelinzon is a heavy duty dog crate that should catch the attention of anyone interested in the long term safety of their pet during transport .
It comes with a specially patented twin lock design , complete with safety buckles .
This is a unique arrangement that has been perfected in order to prevent your dog from opening the door and running off .
The design is easy to master by even the most inexperienced owner .
The Gelinzon also comes with a variety of other features that are designed to make it an especially strong and indestructible model .
The single door in front has been reinforced with heavy gauge steel piping .
Meanwhile , the locking casters keep the unit portable so that you wo n’t break your back lifting this heavy duty crate .
For its price , this is a reliable unit that has a wealth of handy features to offer you .
Pros Generously sized with total dimensions of 45 ″ L X 30.5 ″ W X 37 ″
H
Interior height of 32 ″
H
Caster wheels included for maximum portability
Heavy gauge steel design with metal pipe spacing of 2 ″ Cons Wheels can sometimes break , causing issues with portability .
However , the model is covered with a full warranty by the maker
Unit is relatively easy to assemble and disassemble , but not as easy as some of the others on this list
Definitely meant for use by larger , rather than smaller , breeds of dogs
ITORI
The ITORI model is very securely built .
It features an interlocking grid of heavy gauge steel that is specially reinforced to prevent even the smartest and strongest dogs from escaping .
It ’s also one of the largest crates on this list , albeit one of the heaviest as well .
Its double door design is extra handy not only for securing your dog but also for interacting with them .
You can feed them treats to keep them calm .
The ITORI Heavy Duty Metal Dog Cage is an excellent model for training your large dogs to remain happily and securely in place even when they are not in transit .
It also doubles as an excellent place for them to seek privacy or rest .
This is a function that is especially handy when there are strangers , children , or other dogs about .
Of course , it ’s made of heavy steel in order to ensure a smooth and very safe journey .
Pros Complete dimensions are 42.52 ″ L x 29.92 ″ W x 34.64 ″ H
Covered by the maker with a 30 month warranty
Includes rotating caster wheels to improve portability
Comes with the standard floor pan to make cleaning a quick and easy task Cons Total weight of 83.6 pounds makes the Itori one of the heavier crates on this list
Crate can be partially , but not completely , collapsed for storage
Caster wheels do have a tendency to lock at awkward times when the unit is rolled around on the carpet
Sliverylake
If you need a heavy duty dog crate for breeds up to a total weight of 176 pounds , the new Sliverylake will definitely fit the bill .
It ’s a top loading dog crate that is made of specially reinforced heavy steel for a secure transport .
Thanks to this special top loading feature , your dog will have an extra hard time escaping from the crate unless they get the specific urge to jump straight up in the air to do so .
The Sliverylake dog crate comes with the standard range of features , including a set of 4 caster wheels , 2 of which are lockable .
This will ensure that the cage will not move around on the truck during transport .
The cage is completely transparent and penetrable so that you can monitor the condition of your pet at all times .
You can reach through the bars in order to reassure them and even feed them a timely treat .
Pros Overall dimensions of 48.8 ″ ( L ) x 33 ″ ( W ) x 37 ″ ( H ) make this one of the largest crates on this list
Top door dimensions are measured out at a total of 27.4 ″ ( H ) x 18.9 ″ ( W )
Four caster wheels for easy transport
Double door design for front and top insertion of pet Cons Total weight of 83.2lbs does make this one of the heaviest models on this list
Locks are strong but not as completely invulnerable as some of the other models on this list
Some customers have reported issues with the removable plastic floor pan that is included for cleaning purposes
Haige Pet
There are plenty of different types of heavy duty dog crates out there on the market .
Many dog owners prefer to buy a crate that operates in the simplest possible fashion , i.e. , with a one door front loading design .
If you ’re of a mind to keep things simple while also keeping your dog secure , the new Haige Pet dog crate may be the perfect model for your needs .
This is one dog crate that will never leave you at a loss .
Of course , simplicity should never be mistaken for weakness .
The Haige Pet dog crate is fully loaded with a wide range of options that may be able to please even the most finicky customer .
Its twin lock design , complete with steel gauge safety buckles , will keep your dog from escaping .
It ’s a large enough crate to store one very large dog or two medium dogs .
Simply insert a separate divider in order to safely multi-task .
Pros Comes with included hardware pack for easy assemble
4 360 - degree rotating casters allows for easy transport
Front loading door keeps things simple and easy to organize
Full dimensions of the crate are a very generous 45 ″ L X 30.5 ″ W X 37 ″ H Cons Lock is sturdy but can sometimes be jostled open by a smart dog .
Adding a separate counterweight may be necessary
Unit is fully collapsible for storage but may be too heavy to transport in this condition
Unit does tend to be a bit pricier than many similar models
HYD - Parts
The HYD - Parts dog crate is an excellent mid-range choice for large dog owners .
It ’s not quite as hulking as some of the other models on this list .
For this reason alone , some buyers may prefer it .
It does come with 4 caster wheels to provide for easy portability .
While it is n’t quite ideal for the very largest XXL breeds , it can easily handle medium and large dogs , keeping them safe and secure within its bars .
As mentioned above , the HYD - Parts is a bit smaller than most of the crates that I have chosen to list here .
However , this does n’t mean that I consider it to be fatally lightweight .
On the contrary , this crate gets major points for portability and overall compactness .
Its double door design gives you two choices of access that are both securely locked with a specially designed twin steel latch system for added security .
Pros A very generous set of overall dimensions : 36 ″ L X 24 ″ W X 29 ″
H
Removable metal floor pan allows for easy cleaning
4 included caster wheels keep the crate easy to move around your home and on to the moving van
Double door loading feature allows you easier access to your pet Cons Unit is definitely meant for small , medium , and large dogs , not for XL or XXL breeds .
Make sure you understand this before ordering
Caster wheels are included but may be a bit less resilient on this model than some of the others on this list
Floor pan is made of metal , rather than plastic , which may be an inconvenience for some buyers
JY QAQA
The JY QAQA is an excellent new metal dog crate that features a spacious , fully modern steel gauge bar design .
The bars are reinforced with steel tubing but are set far enough apart so that you can easily monitor your dog ’s condition and also reward them for their patience with a few snacks .
The cage itself is sturdily constructed so as to survive routine wear and tear while keeping your four legged friend completely safe .
Keeping the crate clean is never a problem .
This unit comes with a fully removable metal pan and floor grate .
This allows you to simply remove the pan , wash it clean , and replace it in time for your dog ’s next watering and feeding .
Meanwhile , the entire crate can be moved from place to place on a set of 4 included casters .
For owners of medium to large dogs , the JY QAQA is a bargain priced model worthy of notice .
Pros 4 caster wheels allow for easy transportation to and from your destination
Removable floor pan and grate make cleaning an easy experience
Total dimensions are 42.52 ″ L x 29.92 ″ W x 34.64 ″ H
The JY QAQA is backed with a full warranty of guaranteed quality from the manufacturer Cons A total weight of 83.6 pounds makes this one of the very heaviest crates on my list
Even though the crate is very heavy , it ’s really only intended for medium to large breeds , nothing over 90 pounds
Interior space is a bit more limited than some of the other models that I have listed here
Parpet
The new dog crate from Parpet is one of the best designed runner ups on my present list .
It ’s made of 20 gauge reinforced steel with 0.5 inch steel bars for support .
The bars are spaced nice and wide so that you can quickly ascertain the condition and mood of your dog during the trip .
The crate is coated with a powder finish so that there wo n’t be any rough edges for your dog to scrape up against in case of a spill .
The Parpet dog crate is especially recommended for small , medium , and large breeds , rather than XXL .
However , for its size , it offers a very comfortable level of accommodation for your pet .
The front loading door makes it easy to pass your dog in and out of the cage for easy storage during your move .
The Parpet dog crate also comes with all of the standard features you ’ve come to expect from a professional model .
Pros Generously sized for small to large dogs at a total of 35.4 x 23.7 x 24.3 inches
Comes with a high quality metal tray for easy cleaning
Made of high grade 20 gauge steel for extra durability
4 caster wheels give you added mobility over most surfaces Cons Not as roomy inside as you would think from its solid construction
Total weight of 70 pounds makes it one of the lighter models on this list but at the cost of being able to store XL and XXL breeds
Caster wheels are included but have been known to encounter mobility issues , especially on carpet
Walcut
If you ’re ready to own a supremely heavy and very well constructed dog cage , the new Walcut model may be the premier runner up on my present list .
The Walcut weighs in at over 80 pounds and is solidly constructed of the finest and heaviest gauge steel .
As a result , the included 4 caster wheels are a definite blessing .
One thing is for sure :
Once this particular dog crate model is loaded on to the van , it will stay there .
Of course , the Walcut has more features than sheer bulk to recommend it .
Although the steel used is sturdy and heavy , the bars are spaced wide enough apart for you to be easily able to monitor the condition of your dog at all times .
The present model has definitely been designed with the largest dog breeds in mind , including the Shepherd , Husky , Great Dane , Mastiff , and others .
If you like ’em large , this crate is for you .
Pros
One of the best runner ups on my list for XL and XXL breeds
Includes 4 caster wheels , without which this unit would be practically immobile without a crane
If you want steel and more steel , this is the crate to own
Removable floor pan lets you keep the crate nice and clean at all times Cons See above .
It ’s heavy .
For some users , it will seem even heavier than its actual weight of 83.2 pounds
The caster wheels are handy but can tend to buckle under the sheer weight of steel that they are called upon to support
Unit is definitely built to last but may be a bit pricier than comparable models .
However , you ’ll get your money ’s worth when it comes to durability
Homey Pet
The new Homey Pets top loading dog crate is a great bargain priced model for pet owners who may be currently on a somewhat limited budget .
As runner ups on my list go , the Homey Pet gives you all that you need and even a bit more .
It comes complete with the above mentioned top loading access point as well as a door on the side for extra convenience .
It ’s handily made of good quality steel and is quite attractive looking .
Perhaps the most notable feature of the new Home Pet model is its stackable nature .
You can indeed stack two or three units on top of each other although , naturally , if you ’re doing so on a moving vehicle , you ’ll need to take care to secure them properly .
When it comes to storing these units at your home , their stackable nature will certainly come in handy .
This is a feature not many other crates on this list share .
Pros Stack ’em up as high as you want to – they ’re built for that very purpose
Total measurements work out to L37″ xW22″xH31 ″
Heavy steel construction means the unit is sturdy
Even though the crate is securely made , it still totals out at a shipping weight of only 52 pounds Cons
The included 4 casters are lockable but a bit iffy on carpet surfaces
Top and front door openings are convenient but the latches may need readjusting or supplementing after a while
Even with its very charming and useful advantages , this crate is still very much a budget model and should n’t be considered as a long term alternative to heavier gauge dog crates
SmithBuilt
The new SmithBuilt Heavy - Duty Dog Crate Cage is a latecomer to my list .
I only found about it recently while transporting some of my dogs to an out of state show .
I made use of this crate on short notice and was very satisfied with its performance .
It ’s a two door model that opens at the front or at the top .
Both entry points are fortified with heavy steel gauge latches to provide total safety and security for your dog .
As its name implies , it ’s a fully sized heavy duty unit that is perfect for storing XL and XXL breeds .
As a natural byproduct , it ’s also quite heavy and thus comes with a handy set of caster wheels to enhance its portability .
Its multi-layer hammer - tone coating is very resistant to rust , making this one of the best candidates on this list for use as an outdoor storage crate .
All in all , the SmithBuilt is a worthy model .
Pros Very generously sized with total dimensions of 48 ″ L x 33 ″ W x 37 ″ H
Heavy gauge steel construction reinforced with commercial - level steel tubing for the bars
Comes equipped with heavy duty steel casters to keep the unit portable
Includes a rust - resistant floor plate for quick and easy cleaning Cons Shipping weight of 106 pounds , making it one of the heaviest crates on this list
Even with its heavy build , the latches may need some extra securing after a few months of use
Locking casters are a definite plus .
However , with its sheer bulk , you may still have trouble rolling this crate over all but the smoothest surfaces
KELIXU
KELIXU has just released its new Heavy Duty Dog Crate .
True to its name , this crate is made of the strongest tempered and high gauge quality steel .
It ’s an excellent choice for owners of small to large dogs to consider .
It comes with all of the expected dog crate features and even manages to pack the odd surprise or two .
For example , its front door access allows you to keep tabs on your dog during the whole of the ride .
While this feature may not surprise you at first , consider this : many dog crate models , even the ones on my present list , feature dual door loading that can be quite confusing for your dog and also present a bit of a security risk .
However , this model keeps it smooth and simple by including just the one front door with a specially reinforced steel latch .
As such , its simplicity may appeal to many of my readers .
Pros
As noted above , single front loading door keeps it simple and secure
The latest model contains an updated lock that makes the crate more escape - proof than ever before
Total dimensions of 37.5 ″ L X 25.5 ″ W X 32 ″ H make it an excellent choice to house small to large dogs
Comes with a full warranty from the manufacturer Cons
You need to be sure to specify that you are ordering the latest model ( the one on this list ) so that you will receive the updated locking system
Folds down with relative ease but be aware that the unit still weighs a solid 59.5 pounds
Crate is definitely not meant for XL or XXL breeds
Pupzo
Another excellent choice for mid-sized to large dogs is the PUPZO dog crate .
This model is a great option for budget - minded buyers who are looking for a good solid dog crate to keep their pets safe in .
Its solid heavy gauge steel construction makes it ideal for both indoor and outdoor use .
It ’s easy to assemble , with all of the necessary hardware included .
It can be set up , ready to use , within a few minutes .
The PUPZO dog crate is actually one of the smaller models on my list .
For this reason , it ’s probably best for short trips involving larger dogs .
Of course , it will work just fine for medium to large dogs on longer trips , such as a moving excursion .
The steel bars are spaced just widely enough apart for you to keep a solid eye on your pet the entire way .
You can even feed them the occasional snack to keep their spirits up .
Pros
For the price , you get generous overall measurements of 36.61 ″ x 24.4 ″ x 28.7 ″
The floor grate comes with a removable tray that will allow you to keep the cage clean and free of stains and odors
Heavy gauge steel construction .
Steel pipes are measured at 0.78 ″ x 0.78 ″ x 0.031 ″
Steel construction is rust - resistant , thus making this an excellent crate for outdoor as well as indoor use Cons
The floor of this model is bare wire .
It ’s a good idea for you to cover it with newspaper or a handy blanket
Caster wheels are included but are a bit on the chintzy side .
Be careful when moving across open land or grass
Interior space should be enough for your dog to move around comfortably in .
If they are a large to XL breed , it will be a good idea to get their measurements before you consider buying this model
TONYRENA
The solid steel dog crate from TONYRENA is an excellent mid-sized model for medium to large dogs .
It comes with all of the expected trimmings , including a full set of caster wheels to ease movement around the house and in and off your vehicle .
Its steel construction means that it is virtually escape - proof and also usable out of doors as well as inside your home .
Plus , it ’s priced right for the dog owner on a budget .
I must say that I find the TONYRENA to be an excellent choice for beginning dog crate owners .
Its very simple double door and locking caster design are easy enough for you to get the hang of keeping your dog safe during movement .
Assembling this dog crate is also a matter of extreme simplicity .
You can use the included hardware to set the crate up within the space of a very few minutes .
All in all , it ’s a worthy buy .
Pros Includes a standard sized floor pan for easy cleanup
Generously sized with dimensions of 42.5 ″ L X 30 ″ W X 34.4 ″
H
Made with specially treated heavy gauge steel to keep the unit free from rust and corrosion
Priced very reasonably for the needs of the dog owner on a budget Cons Folds down to a handy and storable size but will still weigh a substantial amount
Interior space is somewhat less expansive than some of the other models on my list
Priced to satisfy the needs of the beginning or intermediate dog owner but may not hold up as long as some of the other models listed here
AINFOX
The AINFOX Heavy Duty Metal Dog Crate is definitely one of the most durable and spacious dog crates on this list .
In many ways , this particular model is my favorite of the runner ups , second only to the ProSelect Empire as my number one choice .
For this reason , the AINFOX unit bears special attention on the part of discerning dog crate buyers .
In many more ways than one , this unit really is the pick of the litter .
For example , all of the units on my list give a more or less generous amount of space for your dog to get comfy in .
However , among all of the runner ups on my list , the AINFOX model has the most – and even more importantly , most comfortable – interior space .
Combine this sheer roominess with plenty of state of the art features , including a double door system and improved caster wheels , and you have a winner .
Pros Double door locking system is the most advanced and secure of all of the runner ups on this list
New , improved caster wheels ensure a smooth transit over nearly any surface
Overall dimensions are 42 ″ L X29 ″ W X 37 ″ H
Interior roominess is second to none among the runner ups on my list Cons Even though the unit is almost totally collapsible to save space , it ’s still quite bulky
At a package weight of 92.4 pounds , it will definitely take some hefting to assemble
Bottom of the unit is bare metal grating , requiring you to place a newspaper or blanket inside to ensure your dog ’s comfort
DOIT
The DOIT Heavy Duty Dog Cage is the last item on my present list .
Its front door locking mechanism is strong enough to keep your dog from chewing their way out .
The latch locking system is likewise durable enough to stay intact through many attempts on the part of your pet to escape the crate .
If you ’re looking for a very reasonably priced dog crate for medium to small dogs , the new DOIT is well worth your attention .
This particular dog crate has been specially designed to meet the needs of dog owners who have pets with a propensity for chewing their way out of crates .
With its special design making the most modern use of 0.8 mm phosphated steel , the maker guarantees that this particular model will keep even the most determined dog safe and comfy inside .
You can contact the maker to get more info concerning this special feature .
WASHINGTON --
After a brief lull , the Federal Communications Commission recommenced its battle against provocative television shows late Friday , proposing a $ 1.43 million fine against the ABC and its affiliates for a February 2003 episode of " NYPD Blue . "
The agency proposed the highest fine possible for the broadcast , which briefly showed the side and back of a naked woman getting into a shower .
" Although ...
Senate Judiciary approves contempt resolutions against Rove , Bolten
The Senate Judiciary Committee has approved contempt resolutions against Karl Rove , the former top aide to President Bush , and Joshua Bolten , the current White House chief of staff .
The vote was 12 - 7 .
The criminal contempt resolutions now move to the Senate floor , although no action on them is expected until next year .
Sen. Arlen Specter ( R - Pa. ) , ranking member of Judiciary , voted in favor of issuing the contempt resolutions , saying the committee 's oversight responsibilities must be upheld .
Sen. Charles Grassley ( R - Iowa ) also supported the resolutions .
" It is a vote that I would prefer not to make , " Specter said .
" It is a vote I make with reluctance . "
The House Judiciary Committee has also approved contempt resolutions against Bolten and former White House Counsel Harriet Miers , but Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) has not set a date for a floor vote yet .
The committee subpoenaed Rove and Bolten over the summer as part of its probe into the firing of nine U.S. attorneys last year .
Bush , citing executive privilege , refused to allow Rove and Bolten to testify or turn over documents to the panel .
Bolten was subpoenaed in his role as custodian of White House records , while Rve called to testify over his knowledge on the role politics played in the firings .
Leahy said that he and Specter had working to modify the resolutions since they were first debated last week , but added that the panel must enforce its subpoenas if it is to be able to conduct effective oversight of the executive branch .
" The White House counsel asserts that executive privilege covers all documents and information in the possession of the White House , " Leahy said , referring to White House counsel Fred Fielding .
" They have further and claimed immunity even to have to appear and respond to this committee 's subpoenas fr Mr. Rove and Mr. Bolten .
And they contend that their blanket claim of executive privilege cannot be tested but must be accepted by the Congress as the last word . "
Leahy called this stance " a dramatic break from the practices of every administration since World War II in responding to congressional committees . "
Update : White House officials dismissed the Judiciary Committee vote as a political stunt , and they pointed out that Leahy had stated that the Justice Department under former President Clinton would not pursue criminal contempt citations against White House officials when it occurred back in 1999 .
The Justice Department has stated that it will not allow the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia , Jeffrey Taylor , to pursue this case in court .
Taylor would normally represent Congress in any legal battle with the White House .
" Senate Democrats are showing that they 're more interested in headlines than serious legislation , and they should be fully aware of the futility of pressing ahead on this , " said Dana Perino , White House spokeswoman , in a statement .
" It has long been understood that , in circumstances like these , that the constitutional prerogatives of the President would make it a futile and purely political act for Congress to refer contempt citations to U.S. Attorneys . "
Perino added : " Senator Leahy may have summed it best in September 1999 when he said the following :
' The criminal contempt mechanism , see 2 U.S.C. section 192 , which punishes as a misdemeanor a refusal to testify or produce documents to Congress , requires a referral to the Justice Department , which is not likely to pursue compliance in the likely event that the President asserts executive privilege in response to the request for certain documents or testimony . ' "
Stephen Greenblatt , a professor of Renaissance literature and an expert in Shakespeare at Harvard , said that “ Henry V ” appeals to chief executives not because there are four or five management principles to be made of his career .
“ ‘ Henry V ’ is actually a play about the necessity of betraying your friends at court , and dealing with the cost of that , ” Professor Greenblatt said .
“ Studying the consequences of these actions makes powerful people more richly human . ”
Image James Fugitte , the chief of the Wind Energy Corporation , says the language of Shakespeares plays gives him insight into power .
A portrait of Shakespeare hangs in his office .
Credit ... Michael Clevenger for The New York Times
Mr. Coleman said he noticed the chief executives in a recent audience grow pale as he played the role of Hamlet confronted by the ghost of his father .
“ The ghost demands , ‘ if you love me you will avenge my murder . ’” The C.E.O. ’s told him , Mr. Coleman said : “ ‘ This is the dilemma we face : what is our responsibility to shareholders , to employees , to clients ? ’
It became an emotional discussion .
C.E.O. ’s who have to be so certain , so in control , were asking , ‘ What do I do as a person ?
Where does my loyalty and my sense of love and justice lie ? ’ ”
Chuck Schwager , chief executive of the Polaris Healthcare Corporation in Boston , said he had a conversion experience at a lecture on Shakespeare and power at Arden and became a part - time actor .
“ There are sensitivities about power that Shakespeare knew better than I did , and I wanted to find out what those were , ” Mr. Schwager said .
Dana Gioia , chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts , said that Shakespeare was the last writer who lived at a socially fluid time that permitted him to work in close proximity both to kings and queens and to working people .
He grasped the psyche of power , Mr. Gioia said .
“ Corporations tend to be run by very ambitious and focused men and women , ” Mr. Gioia added .
“ They are not likely to be people who have learned the human truths that art teaches best .
The higher you get in corporate life , the more you need the truths you get from Shakespeare , which point you in directions rather than provide you pat answers .
We remember truths more vividly when they are embodied in a story . ”
Move over Alex Chiu , Kinoki foot pads are the most appalling medical scam since magnetic immortality devices .
The infomercial claims that these footpads are scientifically proven to help anyone detox , but scientists know that toxins are generally removed from our bodies by way of the liver and kidneys — not our feet .
Even worse , they cite research in a bogus scientific journal .
If you know of any even better scams , please link to them in the comments section below !
When a senator threatens a filibuster , the Senate holds a cloture vote to end debate on a bill , which requires 60 votes .
If the cloture vote fails , the bill is pulled from the floor .
But when it comes to the latest fight over Iraq funding , Senate Dems are apparently considering a plan to force Republicans to follow through and actually filibuster .
Senate Democrats might force Republicans to wage a filibuster if the GOP wants to block the latest Iraq withdrawal bill , aides and senators said Tuesday .
That could set the stage for a dramatic end - of - the - year partisan showdown , which Democrats hope will help them turn voter frustration with Congress and the stalemate over Iraq into anger with the Republican Party .
Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin ( Ill. ) , the number two Democrat in the chamber , said a forced filibuster is “ possible ” and would “ generate attention . ”
We 've heard talk like this before , but it 's an encouraging sign .
Stay tuned .
The grim economic picture darkened further today with news that the price of ink for printer cartridges has reached an all time high of $ 1000 a barrel on the New York futures exchange .
The world ’s most traded commodity has seen a steady rise in price over recent months due to supply problems , increased demand from China and a failure of consumers to send their empty cartridges to the charity recycling centre and just leaving them in their desk drawer instead .
The computer industry urged the public not to panic and to only print out essential documents while they set about finding alternative ways for children to get colouring - in pictures that they print out from the Disney website .
In some parts of the world , people are having to print out documents in blue or even green ink , continually having to pause to over - ride the irritating instruction from their bleeping printer to change the black ink cartridge .
A statement from Hewlett Packard conceded that much of the increased cost may have to be passed on to the consumer claiming , ‘ It ’s only right and fair that computer printing ink and peripherals suppliers sustain their profits in this area to fund further research … ’
The rest of the statement was illegible as the print became too faint .
So dependent is the global economy on printer ink , that there are concerns that the United States may take military action against crude ink producers in the Middle East unless the situation improves .
‘ You know what the invasion of Iraq was really about , do n’t you ? ’ said Spike Harris of the Stop the War Coalition .
‘ Printer ink , yeah !
PresidINK
Bush is in the pay of the big ink companies , and the whole lot of ’em have got blood on their hands .
And black ink obviously . ’
See also Courage award for man who threw out old computer cables
TeamBiscuit
ENDGAME will be released on the WEB OCT .
26 and on DVD on NOV .
1
Please note : " Auto check bandwidth " will check your internet connection and select the appropriate bandwidth to stream the trailer .
" Medium Quality " requires an ISDN or cable Internet connection and " Super HIgh Qaulity " requires a T1 connection .
The article is in Vanity Fair 's November edition , The People vs. the Profiteers .
( If this was diaried earlier this month , my apologies .
I did a search on several key words and did not see it .
Vanity Fair is a very thick magazine and I read it from front to back so I usually read it spaced out over the entire month ) .
In it , the writer , David Rose , covers how an attorney , Alan Grayson , has led a campaign against government corruption .
He 's done so for 16 years .
In the past the Department of Justice often allied with him to root out corrupt officials .
But when it has come to the Iraq war , the DOJ has thrown up roadblock after roadblock .
In this administration corruption on a massive scale is a statistic .
It 's an example Rose uses from among the cases that is the outrage .
Consider the case of Grayson 's client Bud Conyers , a big , bearded 43 - year - old who lives with his ex-wife and her nine children , four of them his , in Enid , Oklahoma .
Conyers worked in Iraq as a driver for Kellogg , Brown & Root .
Spun off by Halliburton as an independent concern in April , KBR is the world 's fifth - largest construction company .
Before the war started , the Pentagon awarded it two huge contracts : one , now terminated , to restore the Iraqi oil industry , and another , still in effect , to provide a wide array of logistical - support services to the U.S. military .
In the midday heat of June 16 , 2003 , Conyers was summoned to fix a broken refrigerated truck — a " reefer , " in contractor parlance — at Log Base Seitz , on the edge of Baghdad 's airport .
He and his colleagues had barely begun to inspect the sealed trailer when they found themselves reeling from a nauseating stench .
The freezer was powered by the engine , and only after they got it running again , several hours later , did they dare open the doors .
The trailer , unit number R - 89 , had been lying idle for two weeks , Conyers says , in temperatures that daily reached 120 degrees .
" Inside , there were 15 human bodies , " he recalls .
" A lot of liquid stuff had just seeped out .
There were body parts on the floor : eyes , fingers .
The goo started seeping toward us .
Boom !
We shut the doors again . "
The corpses were Iraqis , who had been placed in the truck by a U.S. Army mortuary unit that was operating in the area .
That evening , Conyers 's colleague Wallace R. Wynia filed an official report : " On account of the heat the bodies were decomposing rapidly ....
The inside of the trailer was awful . "
( As an aside , I have smelled the sickly scent stench of putrified corpses more times than I care to recall .
It is one of the worst smells in existence .
I cannot imagine what 15 trapped inside a metal trailer for two weeks in the desert heat would have been like . )
Under any consideration , the rule of civilian or military regulations or laws , religious taboos , and basic human decency , there are prohibitions against carrying food and water in the same containers that had been used to carry human corpses - yet alone putrid corpses .
But that is exactly what is being done in Iraq .
To our soldiers .
With our tax dollars .
But when Bud Conyers next caught sight of trailer R - 89 , about a month later , it was packed not with human casualties but with bags of ice—ice that was going into drinks served to American troops .
He took photographs , showing the ice bags , the trailer number , and the wooden decking , which appeared to be stained red .
Another former KBR employee , James Logsdon , who now works as a police officer near Enid , says he first saw R - 89 about a week after Conyers 's grisly discovery .
" You could still see a little bit of matter from the bodies , stuff that looked kind of pearly , and blood from the stomachs .
It had n't even been hosed down .
Afterwards , I saw that truck in the P.W.C. — the public warehouse center — several times .
There 's nothing there except food and ice .
It was backed up to a dock , being loaded . "
This is where a Republican ideology leads us .
The for - profit contractor used a refrigerated tractor trailer permeated with human remains in the wood floor and on the floor itself to carry ice and probably food .
Profit over people - even when it comes to the troops they claim to support .
They outsourced a basic government service of the feed and care of the troops for a for - profit enterprise which did n't care about their health or human decency .
It came down to a shortage of refrigerated trucks .
Rather than buy more , Kellough Brown and Root kept it running from corpse hauling to food hauling .
Conyers was fired by KBR for not being a " team player . "
How KBR treated Conyers would itself be an outrage but after hauling ice for human consumption with the remains of putrid corpses , anything KBR does under that pales in comparison .
The entire story is well worth a read , including how the DOJ is using a provision of the whistle - blower law probably to keep incidents like this rather than to investigate them as it should .
Grayson has hope that one day the deep - rooted profiteering and corruption of the Iraq war will come to light .
There are a few encouraging signs that a day of reckoning is drawing near .
Committees in both the House and the Senate have held hearings on contracting in Iraq , and several plan to hold more .
Patrick Leahy , the Democratic chairman of the Senate judiciary committee , has introduced a War Profiteering Prevention Act , which would make it much easier to investigate corrupt contractors and call them to account .
And in August , the news that tens of thousands of weapons intended for Iraqi security forces had vanished or been stolen prompted the Pentagon to announce that its inspector general , Claude M. Kicklighter , would lead an 18 - person team to investigate " contracting practices " in Iraq .
In the more distant future , a Democratic administration might open up the vaults and expose the American public to the scale of what has been looted .
" What we have seen up to now is the worst of the worst in terms of a deliberate cover - up , " Grayson says .
But if and when it comes to an end , he thinks it 's entirely possible that Congress will appoint a special prosecutor — one whose targets might one day reach " an extremely high level . "
We can only hope .
But I think the stench will linger forever .
Hackers for the first time are targeting the popular social networking site Facebook with a phishing scam that harvests users ' login details and passwords .
Some Facebook users checking their accounts Wednesday found odd postings of messages on their " wall " from one of their friends , saying : " lol i ca n't believe these pics got posted .... it 's going to be BADDDD when her boyfriend sees these , " followed by what looks like a genuine Facebook link .
But the link leads to a fake Facebook login page hosted on a Chinese .cn domain .
The fake page actually logs the victims into Facebook , but also keeps a copy of their user names and passwords .
Soon after , the hackers post messages containing the same URL on the public " walls " of the users ' friends .
The technique is a powerful phishing scam , because the link seems to be coming from a trusted friend .
" A lot of phishing is moving out of financial services and going to online web sites that have not installed stronger authentication , sites that are not as close to the money , " said Marc Gaffan , who heads product marketing for security firm RSA 's Identity and Access Assurance Group .
Thanks to the exploding popularity of social networking services – and tightened security at financial websites – fraudsters are targeting networking sites to make money in a number of ways , according to security experts .
Hackers can use the compromised profiles to host Trojan horses such as key loggers that go on to steal banking passwords and credit card numbers .
And since many people use the same logins and passwords on multiple sites , the hackers can also check if stolen Facebook credentials will log them into eBay or Amazon , for instance .
And super - sneaky crooks may be interested in mining profiles for personal information that can be used to send carefully targeted spam or malware .
If someone is listed as an NFL fan , for example , hackers may send him phony NFL messages to trick him into clicking a link or installing attached malware .
Dancho Danchev , an independent security consultant , said the hackers may be trying to harvest hundreds of accounts before embedding malware that automatically infects everyone who visits the infected profiles .
" If they register a phisher .cn domain they would have to advertise it so people will come across and get infected , ( but ) if they get access to profiles where people will return for sure , they wo n't reinvent the wheel , " he said .
" Moreover , they do internal spamming for the usual pharmaceuticals and porn stuff automatically . "
Danchev has been tracking scammers using similar Chinese .cn domains to target MySpace user accounts , he said .
" The common stereotype that it 's all about the money is true in this case , because they will either embed the malware , or sell the accounting data to someone else who would do it , " he said .
Rob Jensen , a systems consultant , found the phishing link on his wall when he logged in to Facebook on Wednesday morning .
" A friend of mine just left a wall post , just a blank URL , and I clicked on the link and found it was a phishing site , " Jensen said .
" I saw the .cn domain , and being in tech I suspected it . "
Jensen said he sent a message to his friend to ask her what was going on , but had n't yet told her she had been compromised and that she should log in and change her password .
Though the phishing link mimics a typical Facebook profile link by replacing forward slashes with periods , Jensen said he put the URL in a search engine and then clicked on it in Firefox , which identified it as a phishing site .
The offending URL is h–p://www.facebook.com.profile.php.id.371233.cn/, making 371233 .cn the rogue domain name .
It was registered in China in November using an e-mail address that was also the contact address for some 224 other similiar domain names .
Banks and online brokerages have hardened their sites against phishing attacks using a number of techniques , ranging from requiring users to use a physical token that generates a new passcode every minute to checking what machine is logging in and requiring more information when a user attempts to log in from a different machine or geographic area .
Users who fall prey to phishing scams should log in and change their passwords immediately , and do the same to their e-mail and shopping accounts if they used the same password for those services .
Facebook did not respond to requests for comment by deadline .
There 's no formula for creating a video that millions of people will be inspired to watch and tell their friends about , but if there were , it would have to include some portion of humor ( often unintentional ) , embarrassment , obscenity , and plain old goofiness .
Since the advent of YouTube in 2005 , many viral videos have been made , but few surpass the popularity of these 25 , um , classics .
Bush and Kerry Sing " This Land Is Your Land "
Remember this goody from the 2004 Presidential campaign ?
One of the first truly viral videos , JibJab 's " This Land Is Your Land , " created by brothers Gregg and Evan Spiridellis , recasts the Woody Guthrie classic with places and faces of the 2004 presidential campaign .
The original was about pride and national unity , themes that sounded completely out of place in the context of the election , when the cultural gulf between Democrats and Republicans could n't have been much wider .
But for all that , the big heads of George W. Bush and John Kerry sitting on top of stick - figure , Shockwave - animated bodies was funny in and of itself , never mind the digs that the filmmakers throw at both candidates throughout the video .
The 2004 election seems like a decade ago now , but JibJab 's video brings it all back , and it 's still good for some laughs .
< object classid= " clsid:d27cdb6e-ae6d-11 cf-96b8-444553540000 " codebase= " http://download.macromedia.com/pub/shockwave/cabs/flash/swflash.cab#version=6,0,40,0 " id =" JibJabPlayer " width = " 350 " height = " 288 " align = " middle " >< param name = " id " value= " JibJabPlayer " />< param name = " width " value = " 350 " />< param name = " height " value = " 288 " />< param name = " align " value= " middle " />< param name= " allowscriptaccess " value= " always " />< param name = " loop " value= " false " />< param name = " menu " value= " false " />< param name = " quality " value = " high " />< param name = " wmode " value= " transparent " />< param name = " src " value= " http://www.jibjab.com/v/30966 " />< embed type=" application / x-shockwave - flash " id =" JibJabPlayer " width = " 350 " height = " 288 " align = " middle " allowscriptaccess =" always " loop = " false " menu= " false " quality =" high " wmode =" transparent " src= "
http://www.jibjab.com/v/30966 "></embed></object>
This Land ! | Funny Jokes at JibJab
The Coke and Mentos Experiments
Who'd have thought that an eighth - grade science experiment would become the object of worldwide fascination ?
That was the effect of this viral video classic , and people are still checking it out on YouTube and a hundred other viral video sites .
You simply drop seven or eight pieces of Mentos candy into a bottle of Diet Coke , stand back , and watch the geysers shoot out .
Hundreds of people have now duplicated the experiment in their own versions of the original video , and the original 's creator , Steve Spangler , has done numerous live performances of the beloved trick .
Following is what we think is one of the first Diet Coke / Mentos videos to have appeared in shared video land .
Man Commits Crime to Escape Nagging Wife
A man from Shanghai has been constantly blamed and harassed by his wife for not making enough money .
He finally decided to rob people just so he could go to jail and avoid his wife ’s nagging abuse .
29 year - old Linghua Wong works as a technician .
He and his wife XiaoFeng have been married for nine years and have one daughter .
Everyone knows
Wong is a good father and husband , but his wife is not happy that he ’s making so little money , and so she verbally abusing him by calling him names and making fun of him .
At first , he tried not going home to avoid his wife ’s nagging but that did n’t work .
Finally , he just could n’t take it anymore .
He walked in to the police station and lied that he robbed someone and ask to be taken to the jail .
The police did not believe his story and refused to arrest him , so he decided to rob someone for real .
He pointed a toy gun at a taxi driver , told him that he ’s a fugitive and demanded the driver ’s money .
The driver then screamed , which scared Wong away .
After his failed attempt , he tried again with a young couple .
The young couple turned out their pockets and showed they had no real money .
Wong desperately turned to a woman who was passing by and the woman replied calmly , â€ œYou can shoot me , but I only got 3 bucksâ€ .
Wong , frustrated with failure , gave up , but was soon arrested for his many attempts .
â€ œI intentionally kept doing this because that gives me enough evidence to be arrested so I can go to jail and not have to face my wife again.â€ 
Wong is so afraid of his wife he cannot even ask for a divorce .
Instead he chose to break the law and go to jail .
He was sentenced to four years for intentional robbery , but at least he is finally free from his wife .
In China , Shanghai men are well known as â€ œPa Lao Poâ€ , which means “ afraid of wives ” .
Shanghai women are the dominant ones in the family .
( 163 )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Self - quoting fix - points : Quines , in Scheme and MetaOCaml
Quines are normally defined as “ self - reproducing programs ” , or programs that output the copy of themselves :
http://www.nyx.net/~gthompso/quine.htm
If we define an interpreter IN as a function that takes an encoding ET of a term t to t ’s value , then quine q is a term such that its value is its encoding
q = EQ
or ,
IN EQ = EQ
from which follows that a quine is a fix - point of the interpreter .
A quine is a fix - point , usually not the least fix - point .
Indeed , in Scheme or other CBV languages , the least fix - point of eval is bottom – which is not that interesting .
Let ’s consider Scheme first [ footnote : our eval here is ( define ( our - eval term ) ( eval term r5rs - environment ) ) .
Many Scheme systems , e.g. , Petite , offer such a single - argument eval ] .
The shortest fix - point of eval is 1 ( the numeral one ) .
Indeed , ( eval 1 ) is 1 .
The same holds for other numbers , as well as characters , strings , and booleans .
These are often called self - evaluating data – the very name self - evaluating suggests they are the fix - points of eval .
Can we find a fix - point of eval that actually “ does something ” ?
The answer comes from the expression for the core of the fix - point combinator ( so - called “ the omega term ” )
( ( lambda ( f ) ( f f ) ) ( lambda ( f ) ( f f ) ) )
Clearly one step of reducing this expression gives the same expression back , so the evaluation never finishes .
We do wish the evaluation finish however , to give us a value to pass to eval ( whose result can again be passed to eval , etc ) .
We just need to place quotes in the right places :
( define ff ( ( lambda ( f ) `( , f ' , f ) ) '( lambda ( f ) `( , f ' , f ) ) ) )
Indeed ,
> ff ( ( lambda ( f ) `( , f ' , f ) ) '( lambda ( f ) `( , f ' , f ) ) ) > ( eval ff ) ( ( lambda ( f ) `( , f ' , f ) ) '( lambda ( f ) `( , f ' , f ) ) ) > ( equal ? ff ( eval ff ) ) #t
The repeated re-evaluations of ff are similar to the stepping through the evaluation of the omega term .
We can re-write ff using only quasi-quote .
That is not entirely trivial because now we have to mind the levels of quotation and quasi-quotation .
But that expression will be more useful in other staged languages , which only have quasi-quotation and which insists on properly matching unquotes with quasi-quotes .
( define ff1 ( ( lambda ( g ) `( ,g ( , `quasiquote , g ) ) ) `( lambda ( g ) `( ,g ( , `quasiquote , g ) ) ) ) ) > ff1 ( ( lambda ( g ) `( ,g ( , `quasiquote , g ) ) ) `( lambda ( g ) `( ,g ( , `quasiquote , g ) ) ) ) > ( eval ff1 ) ( ( lambda ( g ) `( ,g ( , `quasiquote , g ) ) ) `( lambda ( g ) `( ,g ( , `quasiquote , g ) ) ) ) > ( equal ? ff1 ( eval ff1 ) ) #t
Let us now turn to MetaOCaml , where we immediately run into problem with types .
In MetaOCaml , the evaluator is an operation .! of the type ( 'a , 'b ) code -> 'b .
Its fix - point should have 'b = ( ' a , 'b ) code , which impossible without equi-recursive types .
There is the second problem in the above equation :
The evaluator .!
insists that 'a be a free type variable .
We need first - class polymorphism ( to “ generate ” these free type variables , informally speaking ) .
We arrive at the first approach .
We define an iso - recursive type with first - class polymorphism
type rc = {rc : ' c. ( ' c , rc ) code} ; ;
and a custom run function that does appropriate record unwrapping for us :
let runrc t = .! ( t.rc ) ; ; val runrc : rc -> rc = < fun >
Now the type of runrc is such that it may indeed have a fix - point .
Our first approach to the fix - point of runrc uses the value recursion and cross -stage persistent values ( CSP ) .
It is cheating as we shall see – yet the expression is so simple it is hard to pass on .
let rec q1 ( ) = {rc = .<q1 ( ) >.} ; ; val q1 : unit -> rc = < fun >
Now ,
let tq1 = q1 ( ) ; ; val tq1 : rc = {rc = .<(((* cross -stage persistent value ( as id : q1 ) * ) ) ( ) ) >.} let tq2 = runrc tq1 ; ; val tq2 : rc = {rc = .<(((* cross -stage persistent value ( as id : q1 ) * ) ) ( ) ) >.} etc .
The result shows why using CSP is cheating : the encoding , tq1 , does not make sense in the empty environment .
Our run -time system should have the custom binding of q1 .
We cannot “ pack ” tq1 and transmit to another MetaOCaml system running on a separate host .
That system will have no idea about what q1 is being associated with .
One may informally say that q1 ( ) creates an non-founded code value : code value that refers to itself .
That is reminiscent of an old trick of writing loops in Lisp interpreter by creating such cyclic code ( e.g. , in macros ) .
This technique was popularized by Olin Shivers
Stylish Lisp programming techniques
http://www.ccs.neu.edu/home/shivers/newstyle.html
Technique n : passing circular list structures to the evaluator
We may attempt to port the ff1 function of Scheme to MetaOCaml .
At first , porting seems easy : MetaOCaml ’s brackets are the equivalent of a quasi-quote , and MetaOCaml ’s escapes are like unquote .
But we run across two difficulties : we ca n’t ( quasi - ) quote quasiquote in MetaOCaml .
Brackets always “ take effect ” and ca n’t be quoted .
We can attempt to emulate Scheme ’s quasi - quote by defining a form lift :
let lift body = .< body ( ) >.;;
But that will only introduce CSP ( variable body ) .
This points out the major difficulty with writing quines in MetaOCaml .
Many ( most ? ) approaches to quines rely on being able to “ inline ” a value inside quotation marks .
For example , if s:string is the encoding of some term , we can insert that s replacing $x within the string " here $ x " and " here \ " $x\ " " .
In fact , it is this approach that is used when writing quines in C and other such languages .
Likewise , the first Scheme solution relied on inlining f at two places within `( , f ' , f ) , the latter is under the quotation .
But in MetaOCaml , we ca n’t inline under the brackets without resorting to CSP .
If g is a code value in MetaOCaml , we can inline it here
( fun g -> .< begin .~g ; ( ) end >. ) .< 1 ::[ ] >.;;
but not under brackets here
( fun g -> .< begin .<.~g >. ; ( ) end >. ) .< 1 ::[ ] >.;;
( one level of brackets disable escape , giving us a CSP g ) or here
( fun g -> .< begin .<.~.~g >. ; ( ) end >. ) .< 1 ::[ ] >.;;
( type error )
Indeed , the common approach to quine construction relies on the conversion of a value of the type ( ' v code ) into the value of the type ( ( 'v code ) code ) – or , to persist a value from one stage onto the latter stage .
But the this is the very definition of CSP .
There might be one way to avoid CSP : that is , writing a code that takes an interpreter .
By supplying different interpreters , we can generate different quoted versions of the same code .
Here ’s a simple illustration :
(* a sample term *) let t1 = ( fun ( l , a ) -> l ( fun f -> a f ) ) ; ; (* an immediate interpreter *) let i0 = ( ( fun x -> x ) , ( fun f -> begin f ; f ; ( ) end ) ) ; ; t1 i0 ; ; - : ' _a -> unit = < fun > (* a lifting interpreter *) let i1 = ( ( fun f -> .< fun x -> .~( f .<x >. ) >. ) , ( fun f -> .< begin .~f ; .~f ; ( ) end >. ) ) ; ; t1 i1 ; ; - : ( ' a , '_b -> unit ) code = .< fun x_1 -> x_1 ; x_1 ; ( ) >. (* a twice lifting interpreter *) let i2 = ( ( fun f -> .<.< fun x -> .~.~( f .<.<x >.>. ) >.>. ) , ( fun f -> .<.< begin .~.~f ; .~.~f ; ( ) end >.>. ) ) ; ; t1 i2 ; ; - : ( ' a , ( 'b , '_c -> unit ) code ) code = .<.< fun x_1 -> .~(.< begin .~(.< x_1 >. ) ; .~(.< x_1 >. ) ; ( ) end >. ) >.>. .! ( t1 i2 ) ; ; (* is same as t1 i1 *)
To use this approach in writing quines , we need to be generating functions that take interpreters – poly - interpreted terms , so to speak .
This approach may indeed work out , but I have n’t pursued it in detail .
We finish with a more straightforward encoding of ff1 in MetaOCaml , which does , alas , use CSP ( as explained above ) – albeit theoretically avoidable CSP :
type af = {af : ' c. ( ' c , af -> rc ) code} ; ; let t1 = ( fun f -> {rc = .<.~( f.af ) f>.} ) {af = .<( fun f -> {rc = .<.~( f.af ) f>.} ) >.} ; ; val t1 : rc = {rc = .<( ( fun f_1 -> {rc = .<( (.~( f_1.af ) ) f_1 ) >.} ) (* cross -stage persistent value ( as id : f ) *) ) >.} let t2 = runrc t1 ; ; This expression has type ( 'a , rc ) code but is here used with type ( 'b , rc ) code Exception : Trx.TypeCheckingError .
We get a type - checking error at run-time !
Something is odd , which might be indicative of an issue with MetaOCaml .
One can see however that manually running t1 indeed gives the same code as t1 …
Modern monetary systems operate on the ability to turn debt into money .
Mises ’ business cycle theory showed that this process results in unsustainable distortions in the productive structure of capital and of relative prices between different capital goods .
Mises also showed that , left to market forces , the credit expansion would unwind in a credit contraction as relative prices corrected .
However , central banks have for the most part been unwilling to let the system correct .
Instead , they respond with a further round of inflation , trying to solve problems inherent in the relative structure of prices by increasing aggregate demand .
A debate has been going on recently on several web sites among those who accept the preceding premises but disagree whether the inflation process can be pursued to its ultimate conclusion — hyperinflation — or whether market forces will at some point prevent further inflation and cause a credit collapse — deflation .
The deflation scenario consists of a cascading chain of defaults wiping out the leverage in the system and leaving physical currency as the only safe store of value .
Because the dollar is , as Charles Holt Carroll said , " debt , organized into currency , " debt default destroys money .
When the quantity of money decreases , prices tend to fall .
This increases the real value of remaining debt and therefore the difficulty of repaying it , leading to more defaults .
Because the debt consists of an asset on the balance sheet of banks , at some point the banks would become insolvent .
If people became nervous and withdrew their cash from banks that would decrease bank reserves even more and accelerate the process .
Advocates of the inflation view start by accepting the premises of the deflation outcome , but believe that the Fed would intervene and try to generate inflation rather than standing aside and watching the system implode .
I previously contributed to this debate with an editorial on the so - called Dollar Short Squeeze theory .
In the current piece , I will take on what I consider a few of the errors and more questionable arguments that have been appearing from the deflation side .
The most obvious error in many deflationist writings is to point to the large amount of debt as a case for deflation and then to stop there .
All of us agree that the debt levels are unsustainable .
But there are two ways of getting rid of debt that cannot be repaid : default or inflation .
Debt can be inflated away .
Historically there have been far more hyperinflations than deflations .
Deflationists have claimed that debt cannot be inflated away as long as people are not willing to borrow , and that once debt reaches a certain level , the ability to borrow goes away .
Whether this is true or not , the Fed has made it clear in a series of speeches that they are ready to monetize anything and everything by turning on the printing press and buying assets , gold mines , or whatever else it takes to prevent nominal prices from falling .
The reader of the Fed ’s papers and speeches will find a series of progressively more effective techniques for destroying what purchasing power remains in our money .
From beginning to end these methods span the range from the unsound to the bizarre and terrifying .
With the likely appointment of Dr. Ben Bernanke to the chairmanship following Greenspan , this outcome becomes more probable .
Bernanke has provided intellectual leadership for the " helicopter money " ideology .
While volumes have been written on this topic , I will include a few short quotes here from Fed officials .
One tool commonly attributed to the Federal Reserve , at least in theory if not by the Federal Reserve Act , is that of conducting “ money rains . “
Money rains are a clean way to study theoretically the effects of increases in the supply of money .
In practice , it seems a bit difficult to envision how the Federal Reserve could literally implement a money rain — that is give money away either through directly disbursing currency to the public or by disbursing it through the banking system .
The political difficulties that are likely to arise from the Federal Reserve determining the distribution of this new wealth would be daunting .
In other papers on their site , there is extensive discussion of the purchase of private sector securities , such as stocks and bonds .
The Financial Times reported in 2002 that the Fed Considered Emergency Measures To Save Economy :
Minutes which summarized the meeting were released last week .
A full transcript will not be available for five years but a senior Fed official who attended the meeting said the reference to “ unconventional means ” was “ commonly understood by academics . "
The official , who asked not to be named , would not elaborate but mentioned “ buying US equities ” as an example of such possible measures , and later said the Fed “ could theoretically buy anything to pump money into the system ” including “ state and local debt , real estate and gold mines — any asset ”
If the Fed is willing to purchase financial assets ( other than Treasuries ) , then they could in essence provide a nominal floor under securities prices as long as they were willing to hold them in their portfolio .
Because most US home mortgages are securitized and resold on secondary markets , they could prevent widespread mortgage defaults in nominal terms through the purchase of mortgage - backed securities ( MBS ) .
The resulting price inflation would mean that home owners were defaulting in real terms on their mortgages .
But if the Fed were to acquire the mortgages , then they would be that lender .
Should all else fail , the final stage of Bernankeism is the direct monetization of economic goods .
Why not have the Fed just conduct an open market purchase of real goods and services ?
Even more so than exchange rate intervention , this strategy would represent a direct stimulus to aggregate demand .
By coordinating with fiscal policy , the Fed could even implement what is essentially the classic textbook policy of dropping freshly printed money from a helicopter .
In this case , the Fed would monetize government debt that had been issued to finance a tax cut .
Some deflationists have questioned the willingness of the Fed to act .
But in the " welfare state of credit " to use Jim Grant ’s phrase , debtors far outnumber creditors .
In a crisis , there is always an intense demand for the government to " do something . "
The something that looks most appealing at the time usually means some action that has the superficial appearance of addressing the immediate problem , while creating far worse problems slightly out of sight and some time in the future .
It is difficult to conceive of a political climate in which the inflation option would not be taken .
Another deflationist argument is that wage competition from China is deflationary , and that inflation cannot occur in the US as long as there is wage competition .
This argument confuses two entirely different economic phenomena .
There are two factors that influence money prices : changes from the money side and changes from the goods side .
The inflation / deflation question concerns changes from the money side .
An increase in the supply of computers , for example , causing a fall in the price of computers , is not deflation , or at least it is not credit deflation .
Salerno calls this “ growth deflation ” ; in any case the fall of prices due to the increase in supply has nothing to do with bank credit contraction .
One does not lead to the other , nor does growth deflation prevent inflationary bank credit expansion .
As the French economist J. B .
Say wrote ,
The success of one branch of commerce supplies more ample means of purchase , and consequently opens a market for the products of all the other branches ; on the other hand , the stagnation of one channel of manufacture , or of commerce , is felt in all the rest .
What has become known as " Say ’s Law " is the observation that the ability to demand comes from the power to supply .
Absent monetary inflation , all demand in the economy is generated supply of some kind .
An increase in the production of some goods , according to Say , results in more purchasing power for all other suppliers of non-competing goods because the total supply of goods has expanded .
The increased purchasing power for producers of goods and providers of services is a natural outcome of savings and investment in a market economy , and has nothing to do with bank credit deflation .
Some deflationists have said that inflation cannot occur while workers are facing competition from Asia depressing wage rates .
In the same way , wage competition due to an increase in the supply of skilled labor in other countries might result in a fall in the wages of competing labor in the United States , and it might be considered growth deflation but it is not credit deflation and does not lead to credit deflation or prevent bank credit expansion .
Inflationists are not saying that real wages cannot decrease .
On the contrary , real wages and real income tends to decrease for most people during high inflation and hyperinflation .
The reasons for that are wages tend not to keep up with goods prices ; tax brackets for business and wage earners generally are not indexed to the actual rate of prices increases , causing taxflation ; it becomes more difficult for business to produce and invest during an inflation so the supply of goods decreases ; and inflation causes a wasteful boom and bust cycle in which productive resources are misused and become idle .
There is no logical contradiction between decreasing real wages and simultaneously increasing nominal wages .
If the Fed inflates at a 15 % rate , then real wages would remain constant if nominal wages rose at 15 % , and real wages would fall if nominal wages inflated at a lower rate than 15 % .
Nominal wages could increase in the US and / or in China due to monetary inflation , while real wages decreased and while the relative wage ratio between US and Chinese workers either increased , decreased , or remained the same .
China has adopted a fixed - exchange rate against the US dollar .
Chinese central planners have as their motive for adopting the peg the belief that they can develop their economy by building up their export sector .
An economist would point out that what they are really doing is subsidizing their export sector at the expense of their domestic consumers .
If the Chinese policy makers wanted to continue this during a period of increasing US inflation , they would have to increase their rate of purchases of US dollars and accumulate more foreign exchange reserves .
Roubini and Duncan have both argued that China is near the breaking point in their ability to absorb more dollar reserves , so this is unlikely .
What is more likely is that they would at some point allow the dollar to devalue against the RMB , which would mean higher US - dollar prices for Chinese imported goods .
Another similar argument is that price increases cannot occur in the US for goods manufactured in China , and that will thwart any efforts at inflating .
China will always offer these goods at lower prices than they can be produced in the US , thus causing “ deflation . "
This is also wrong for the same reasons cited above concerning nominal and real wages .
Another relevant factor , brilliantly expounded by Antony Müller in a recent daily article , is that the type of currency fixed rate that we have with China can only work for a limited period of time .
Because the US cannot entirely offset purchases of Chinese goods with the sale of US - made goods to China , there is a reverse capital account flow to make up the difference .
The Chinese , in effect , loan the US money through their purchases of US bonds ( mostly government and Fannie / Freddie mortgage bonds ) .
As China accumulates more dollar - denominated debt , the US must pay an ever - increasing amount of interest .
Over time , an increasing proportion of the reverse capital accounts flow goes toward interest payments to service the debt .
This portion of the debt consisting of US dollar interest payments can only increase at the expense of that portion used to purchase Chinese goods .
The change in relative proportions must end at the point where 100 % of the outflow was going to service previous debt and 0 % to purchase .
Most probably well before the 100 % limit , the currency peg would no longer be effective as a policy mechanism to subsidize Chinese exports .
Another reason for the unsustainability of the peg is that the US consumers are increasingly purchasing things that they cannot afford to pay for in terms of the value of goods that they are able to produce .
That is not a sustainable state of affairs .
China , then , is in the process of increasing their manufacturing base to produce goods for people who cannot afford them , instead of allowing the market to direct investment toward Chinese consumers who need lower cost manufactured products .
These capital investments must be regarded as mal - investments in the Misesean sense of the term .
They are unsustainable .
The deflation arguments that depend on the low real prices of Chinese goods are either misunderstand the difference between real and nominal prices , or assume that the process of China providing vendor financing for the over - spending US consumer can go on forever .
Inflationists have pointed out the vulnerability of the US dollar to a sharp depreciation .
This case is best made in Richard Duncan ’s book The Dollar Crisis and in the research paper of Nouriel Roubini and Brad Setser on the unraveling of the " New Bretton Woods Monetary System . "
They point out that the accumulation of dollar reserves by the rest of the world is running up against economic limits .
Some deflationists have argued that there could not be a crash in the dollar because there is not a sufficient volume of alternative currencies for people to buy , or even that the deflation crisis will be accompanied by a strengthening dollar exchange rate .
The quantity of other currencies does not in itself constitute a reason that the dollar could not crash .
For any good on sale , any volume of supply and demand can be balanced through price changes .
At some exchange rate any supply of dollars could be sold for anything else .
If the rate were 1 trillion dollar per Yen , then the entire US federal deficit could be paid off with 11 Yen .
In reality , the purchasing power of a currency never gets infinitesimally small .
In the real world , we would not ever see a trillion - to - one exchange rate .
Some time before any currency reaches a vanishingly miniscule value , enough people see that it is going to zero .
Then , there is an abrupt run out of the currency .
Mises observed :
… a money that is continually depreciating becomes useless even for cash transactions .
Everybody attempts to minimize his cash reserves , which are a source of continual loss .
Incoming money is spent as quickly as possible , and in the purchases that are made in order to obtain goods with a stable value in place of the depreciating money even higher prices will be agreed to than would otherwise be in accordance with market conditions at the time .
This is the final stage of hyperinflation in which the currency is destroyed .
People frantically exchange out of the currency for anything — either concrete goods or alternative currencies .
If the other major central banks in the world wanted to stave off a dollar exchange rate crisis or did not want their currency to appreciate against the dollar , then they could continue , as they have been , to purchase ever - greater amounts of dollars and invest them in dollar assets .
This is exactly what has been happening for some time , and has been a crucial mechanism in diverting the effects of US monetary growth away from US consumer prices .
By some estimates , the US trade and government deficits are equal in quantity to around 100 % of the total world ’s total savings .
But that does not mean that the US is borrowing all of the savings in the world .
Instead , central banks are printing a portion of the money that they use to purchase US debt .
The Fed is in effect able to export of US - dollar inflation because other central banks are willing to do the job of monetizing debt .
Could this prevent a dollar exchange rate crisis ?
Yes , with all the major central banks inflating , they could possibly stave off a dollar crash in terms of the exchange rate but then we would experience world - wide hyperinflation : a crash of all currencies against goods .
A similar argument to the preceding one is that there are no other currencies that are sufficiently attractive .
The dollar will always be the “ belle of the ball . "
Marc Faber , in this stimulating piece , has some interesting things to say about that :
Also , since most of the crises experienced over the last 15 years , beginning with the Persian Gulf crisis of 1990 , were related to problems outside the United States , there was a flight of safety into U. S. Treasury bonds not only by domestic investors , but also by international ones .
This , in turn , tended to strengthen the U.S. dollar in times of crisis .
But , what if the Fed were to embark on a massive money printing operation because of a really nasty economic surprise or financial accident in the United States ?
Would foreign investors still consider the U. S. dollar and U. S. bonds to be safe ?
I doubt it .
Under such circumstances a far more likely outcome would be a tsunami of dollar selling and , along with it , selling of U. S. dollar bonds .
In the wake of massive selling of dollars and dollar bonds by foreign investors , interest rates would likely rise .
In turn , this would force the Fed to monetize even more .
A further loss of confidence in the dollar would follow .
The question here is , what would the dollar sell off against , and what would investors perceive as a safe haven in such a situation ?
The Euro ?
Not very likely !
Asian currencies ?
Possibly , but if China were to weaken simultaneously with the U. S. economy it ’s unlikely that Asian currencies would be viewed as a safe haven .
I suppose that in a crisis of confidence arising from an economic or financial problem in the United States of a scale that would lead the Fed to print money in massive quantities , only gold , silver , and platinum would be regarded as truly safe currencies notwithstanding their current weakness .
Could " it " happen here , asks Bernanke ?
One can not entirely rule out the possibility of deflation .
It is hard to see just how it could happen .
Inflation is always the easy way out .
In the age of activist governments , it is difficult to imagine the Fed standing aside and watched the banking system become insolvent .
It ’s far morel likely that one day we will tune into CNBC and hear " Do n’t worry about that black helicopter hovering over your home .
It is not here to enforce the Patriot Act IV , but to drop bales of freshly printed bills onto your front lawn . "
Robert Blumen [ send him mail ] is an independent software developer based in San Francisco .
The Best of Robert Blumen
[ Ed. note : Blackwater is a subsidiary of Halliburton , on whose Board Lynne Cheney sits , through whom the Vice President still profits from stock holdings and to whom he will probably return after his term in office ]
Blackwater security firm banned from Iraq
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) — Iraq ’s Interior Ministry has revoked the license of Blackwater USA , an American security firm whose contractors are blamed for a Sunday gunbattle in Baghdad that left eight civilians dead .
The U.S. State Department said it plans to investigate what it calls a “ terrible incident . ”
In addition to the fatalities , 14 people were wounded , most of them civilians , an Iraqi official said .
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has expressed regret for the weekend killings , Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki ’s office said late Monday .
Sunday ’s firefight took place near Nusoor Square , an area that straddles the predominantly Sunni Arab neighborhoods of Mansour and Yarmouk .
The ministry said the incident began around midday , when a convoy of sport utility vehicles came under fire from unidentified gunmen in the square .
The men in the SUVs , described by witnesses as Westerners , returned fire , the ministry said .
( Original Article )
I seem to have great cell phone reception ( Cingular ) everywhere but my home .
Yet often while I 'm getting terrible reception and dropped calls , the phone tells me it has three bars of reception .
What 's THAT all about ?
Is my provider telling my phone to intentionally inflate the reporting of my reception or is something about my home causing my problem even though I nominally have good reception ?
What exactlythose cell phone reception bars represent ?
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Last Wednesday afternoon , amid news that Blackwater USA security contractors had killed 11 Iraqi civilians and wounded 12 others in a Baghdad firefight , members of the antiwar group Code Pink gathered outside the Washington office of the International Peace Operations Association , a trade group that represents a who ’s who of the private military industry .
There to greet them when they arrived was Doug Brooks , the IPOA ’s founder and president , who ’d been tipped off to the protest earlier that day by an anonymous caller .
“ He was on the street with an assistant with an armful of IPOA magazines , ” said Code Pink ’s Gael Murphy , who heads the group ’s Washington office .
“ He had a smile on his face the entire time as though it were some kind of industry expo day , and he kept [ smiling ] , even as we were asking him about some pretty dreadful matters . ”
Brooks spent about an hour fielding questions and even escorted some of the protesters upstairs to see his office .
I asked Murphy if Brooks had managed to change any minds .
“ No , ” she said .
“ We were not fooled just because [ Blackwater ] has a network to cover them — that they ’re somehow more legitimate than they were the day of the killings . ”
Doug Brooks tells a different story .
The day after the protest I met him at a bar near his office .
He wore a dark suit and wire - frame glasses .
“ I think we developed some fans , ” he said , still smiling .
“ One guy , for example , said , ‘ I do n’t like the concept , but I guess if we ’re going to have companies doing this stuff , we need this kind of organization doing the oversight . ' ”
Brooks seemed energized by the experience , which , despite its being a protest , he treated as an opportunity to convert the opposition .
“ Their questions were really good , ” he continued .
“ We gave them paperwork .
We gave them journals .
A couple of them even took away IPOA pins . ”
He pulled one from his bag and placed it in my hand .
It bore the image of a sleeping lion , the IPOA ’s logo .
“ Just got a new batch in , ” he said .
The son of a history professor , Brooks grew up in the college town of Bloomington , Indiana .
“ God ’s country , ” he says .
Although he ’s lived in Washington for much of the past decade , he retains a disarming Midwestern charm , a quality he deploys to great advantage as the friendly , public face of a secretive , multibillion dollar business .
His organization currently represents 42 companies — among them , Blackwater , DynCorp , and MPRI — that belong to what Brooks describes as the “ peace and stability industry . ”
The IPOA ’s mission , according to its website , is “ to promote high operational and ethical standards of firms active in the Peace and Stability Industry ; to engage in a constructive dialogue with policy - makers about the growing and positive contribution of these firms to the enhancement of international peace , development , and human security ; and to inform the concerned public about the activities and role of the industry . ”
The latter had consumed most of Brooks ’ time over the past week as he gave close to 40 interviews in three days to reporters seeking comment on Blackwater ’s Baghdad shoot - out .
Was n’t he uncomfortable being the private military industry ’s unofficial spokesman when one of its most prominent players stood accused of murdering civilians ?
“ No , not at all , ” Brooks said .
“ What it ’s given us the chance to do is get out the point of what IPOA is about , to paint a larger picture , put it in context .
Yes , we do have contractors working around the world , doing stuff that ’s dangerous .
Sometimes they ’re armed , and sometimes innocent people get killed . ”
Brooks first became intrigued by private military contractors as a doctoral candidate at the University of Pittsburgh in the late 1990s , where he indulged his childhood interest in military history by studying Vietnam and Southeast Asian security .
Realizing he was “ writing papers that could have been written 20 years earlier , ” he soon tired of the subject .
It was then that he began reading newspaper articles about Executive Outcomes , a private mercenary company operating in Africa .
He changed his academic focus and , shortly thereafter , managed to win a fellowship to the South African Institute of International Affairs , where he began churning out papers extolling the promise of “ private military companies ” — a controversial term he has since abandoned — and their potential use in international peacekeeping operations .
Executive Outcomes is widely considered to be the forebearer of the modern private military industry .
Founded in 1989 by former members of the Apartheid - era South African Defense Force , the company , working on contract for various embattled African governments , fought bush wars throughout the continent for much of the next decade , most notably in Angola and Sierra Leone , where they orchestrated the defeat of anti-government forces allegedly in exchange for diamond and oil concessions .
Despite its success on the battlefield , the Pretoria - based company was forced to shut down in 1999 with the passage of an anti-mercenary law by the South African government .
The negative stereotype it left behind — that of white soldiers - for - hire attacking impoverished black rebels in order to plunder the host country ’s natural resources — is one the industry has been trying to escape ever since .
Brooks does n’t shy away from Executive Outcomes ’ controversial legacy .
While he says that Executive Outcomes - style offensive operations no longer have a place in the industry — ” none of the companies do it ” — he credits the company with saving thousands of lives in Sierra Leone and even points to it as a model for the future of international peacekeeping .
In 2000 , while conducting field research for his doctorate , Brooks traveled to Sierra Leone , where he stayed in the capital city of Freetown with a South African helicopter pilot and former Executive Outcomes operator named Neall Ellis .
“ He was hired by the Sierra Leonean military to fly their Mi-24 helicopter gunship , ” Brooks told me .
“ For months , he was the only thing between the RUF ” — a rebel faction — ” and Freetown .
Neall had the most amazing intelligence network in the world , so he knew where the RUF were .
So he ’d go out there and shoot them up wherever they were advancing on Freetown .
Well , one day , one of his engines went out .
It took months to get a replacement , to get the right part .
Meantime , the RUF marched right through the peacekeeper lines .
January 6 , 1999 , they marched into Freetown .
Ten thousand people killed .
One guy , one helicopter . ”
One guy , one helicopter .
The anecdote , which he made a point of telling me on two separate occasions , was meant to amplify the larger point of why he thinks the private sector should take a prominent role in peacekeeping :
It ’s cheap , it ’s efficient , and it ’s adaptable .
And in places where the United Nations refuses to act , private companies can fill the void , assuming a government entity is willing to pick up the tab .
“ This is the reason we created IPOA , really , because of ‘ Western - less ’ peacekeeping , ” Brooks explained .
“ The reality was that the West was n’t going to support humanitarian operations in places they do n’t give a shit about . ”
He cited Congo and Darfur .
“ What would have happened if they had used ArmorGroup in Rwanda ? ”
Brooks launched the IPOA in April 2001 , shortly after his return from Africa .
It started small , with only six member companies , and for Brooks it continued to be more of a hobby than a career until the contracting bonanza that resulted from the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Since then the IPOA ’s ranks have swelled with companies seeking to burnish their images with the private military industry equivalent of a Good Housekeeping Seal of approval .
Brooks now manages a staff of full - time employees and interns .
Members pay annual dues ( $ 5,000 for logistics contractors , $ 15,000 for private security companies ) , which account for some 60 percent of the IPOA ’s annual operating budget .
In return , members receive permission to display the IPOA logo on their marketing materials .
As a condition of membership , the companies must agree to adhere to the association ’s code of conduct — stressing concepts like human rights , ethics , transparency , and accountability .
If violations occur , they are subject to the IPOA ’s “ enforcement mechanism . ”
This is composed of a complex , multi-tiered system of committees that review potential infractions and determine what , if any , penalty should be imposed .
It sounds much tougher than it actually is .
After all , the worst punishment the IPOA can dole out is expulsion from the association , which Brooks calls “ the commercial kiss of death . ”
This has yet to happen , which probably speaks less to the good behavior of private military contractors than to an inherent conflict of interest in the association ’s oversight process :
The organization is financially dependent on the companies it claims to be overseeing .
I asked Brooks if the IPOA would ever really expel one of its members .
“ If a company does something to sully the reputation of the association , it ’s not a big deal , ” he responded .
“ A company either sorts itself out or , if it ’s that bad , you get rid of them . ”
What about Blackwater ?
Could last week ’s shootout lead to its expulsion ?
Brooks was noncommittal , saying only that “ the mark of a good company is how they deal with the problem . ”
But the fact that , as yet , no companies have been kicked out has invited outside skepticism .
“ Doug has a great series [ of ] codes , [ and ] a lot of them make a lot of sense , ” says Peter W. Singer , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and author of Corporate Warriors : The Rise of the Privatized Military Industry .
“ But at the end of the day they ’re trying to deal with issues that are criminal , so you ca n’t merely have a market solution to them . ”
Moreover , Singer continued , “ Being kicked out of IPOA is not the proper punishment for a criminal action .
It ’s great that an organization is willing to do that , but it ’s sort of like kicking O.J. out of the country club . ”
Deborah Avant , a political science professor at the University of California - Irvine and author of The Market for Force : The Consequences of Privatizing Security , agrees .
“ I think there is a fair amount of skepticism about the degree to which he is able to stand up to the industry as opposed to being a front for it . ”
Brooks acknowledges these shortcomings , at least to a point .
“ There ’re limits to what we can do , and people have to recognize that , ” he told me .
“ There are things we can do to put some constraints on companies that otherwise would n’t be there , but we are not a government nor should we be , I would argue .
Ultimately , if you do n’t have an effective legal accountability system that ’s by a government agency , you lose a big chunk of your capability to control these companies . ”
He went on , though , to say there ’s “ too much bullshit ” being written about the dangers of “ rogue ” contractors .
“ The reality is , you stop paying a company and it goes away ; it does n’t take over the government . ”
Brooks , who insists that his goal is “ to help end wars , ” brims with excitement about the private sector ’s potential to save lives in conflict zones around the world .
But the conduct in the Iraq War of companies like Blackwater , an IPOA founding member accused of multiple indiscriminant shootings in Iraq , has proven to be a distraction , as have accusations against other companies ( not all of them IPOA members ) of human trafficking , overbilling , corruption , and shoddy work .
Though at times Brooks can make hired guns sound like U.N. peacekeepers , few people doubt his good intentions .
“ I ’ve known Doug for a while , and I take him very seriously when talks about his focus on private peacekeeping .
It ’s not just marketing , ” says Singer .
The reality , he adds , is that ever since the Iraq invasion the IPOA “ has been forced to steer in a completely different direction .
You can see that in the press inquiries that Doug is having to answer all the time .
He ’s doing a lot more talking right now about Blackwater and Baghdad than about using contractors in Congo or Darfur . ”
It ’s a conflict that is perhaps unavoidable as Brooks struggles to ensure that recent contractor scandals “ do n’t hamstring the humanitarian potential ” of the IPOA ’s member companies .
But according to Avant , the Iraq War has made it harder , not easier , for Brooks to promote standards in the private military industry .
She points out that , especially early in the war , companies that bent the rules typically did better for themselves than companies that followed them .
The premium placed on good behavior was weakened as a result .
Still , she says , IPOA standards are a good first step .
“ The industry does have an incentive to say , ‘ Look , we ’re not just a group of cowboy mercenaries .
This is the law we operate on ; these are the standards . ' ”
DIGG THIS
Update : The Verdict Is In
" From this point on , you will enjoy no privileges of rank … no privileges of person .
From now on , I will refer to you only as ‘ human . ’
You have no other identity . "
I have no way of knowing whether that pronouncement , or something very much like it , was uttered by José Padilla ‘s captors after he was taken into military custody five years ago .
But it certainly summarizes the Bush Regime ’s view of Padilla , an American citizen ( however disreputable ) who has been stripped of all legal protection , not only of his due process rights but also of the basic integrity of his person .
Padilla , we were told in 2002 , was the key operative in an al - Qaeda plot to detonate a radiological bomb .
The " evidence " against him was provided by two identified terrorists — Khalid Sheik Mohammed and Abu Zubaydah — who implicated him after being tortured .
A third " witness , " Ethiopian refugee Binyam Mohammed ( below ) , likewise named Padilla after being tortured extensively by CIA - aligned thugs in Morocco .
Among the methods used to break Mohammed was the expert use of razor blades to make tiny but exquisitely painful incisions all over his body — including his genitals .
After the bloody - handed simian who defiles the Oval Office designated Padilla an " unlawful enemy combatant , " the Bush Regime consigned this American citizen to a Naval brig in South Carolina and systematically worked to destroy his will through psychological torture .
A " Declaration " filed by a political hack named Michael Mobbs was presented as the functional equivalent of a grand jury indictment , and a separate " declaration " by Defense Intelligence Agency head Vice Admiral Lowell E. Jacoby was offered to explain why Padilla could not be permitted due process of any kind , including conventional legal representation .
" Any interruption of the intelligence gathering process , especially from an external source [ such as legal counsel ] , risks mission failure , " insisted Jacoby .
The key to extracting intelligence from Padilla , he continued , was " creating an atmosphere of dependency and trust between the subject and interrogator … .
Anything that threatens the perceived dependency and trust between the subject and interrogator directly threatens the value of interrogation as an intelligence - gathering tool . "
How are we to know that Padilla was a valuable intelligence source about al - Qaeda , rather than , say , a trivial gang - banger from Chicago whose only serious professional training came at Taco Bell ?
According to Jacoby , it is enough for us to know that the Grand and Glorious Decider — and let all stand hushed in awe - struck reverence at the mention of his name — has " determined " that this is so .
Furthermore , according to Jacoby , " Padilla ’s capture and detention were the direct result of [ similar ] effective intelligence gathering efforts " — you know , like the time those greasy perverts in Morocco took a scalpel to Binyam Mohammed ’s penis , prompting the victim to say that he would sign anything put in front of him , including a statement implicating a U.S. citizen he did n’t know .
Until late 2005 , the Regime insisted that Padilla had to be held in military custody indefinitely , because permitting him to be tried in our court system would ( let ’s all say it together ) undermine national security .
But Bush and his comrades eventually released Padilla for trial when it became clear that the matter was headed for the Supreme Court , and it was possible that the administration could lose .
This would imperil the asserted presidential power to designate any U.S. citizen an " enemy combatant " and imprison him in perpetuity .
So the Regime condescended to permit Padilla to have a trial — on charges that had nothing to do with any of the matters supposedly verified by their " effective intelligence gathering efforts " — you know , waterboarding , sexual mutilation , that kind of wholesome stuff .
Padilla ’s trial in Miami is winding down .
There has been no mention of a " dirty bomb " plot .
Prosecutors have made no mention of Padilla ’s personal involvement in any terrorist plot of any kind .
He may be — should be — acquitted .
If so , notes the Christian Science Monitor , the Regime may very well " try to return him to the brig " ; if that were to happen , armed insurrection for the purpose of extracting Bush and Cheney from power would not be an inappropriate response .
After all , what other recourse would remain if our rulers can simply ignore an acquittal , and imprison a citizen found innocent by his peers ?
The former — seizure of Padilla despite an acquittal — may happen .
The latter — a righteous armed uprising — will not , precisely because it is the course of action that would be chosen in such circumstances by the patriots who created our republic .
With a scant handful of precious exceptions , we are not worthy heirs to the Founders ’ legacy .
As the Monitor observed : " Although civil libertarians protested Padilla ’s detention without charge , there was no significant public outcry . "
A likelier outcome would be a guilty verdict of some kind , with the jury thereby validating the Imperious Commander Guy ’s claim that he can declare any of us to be an un-person outside the law ’s protection .
This is what the entire exercise has been about all along , and it ’s why the Regime is determined to keep Padilla imprisoned for life .
It would be completely horrifying , and utterly typical of our degenerate culture , if this crucial victory for the cause of Fhrerprinzip were delivered not by a court or by Congress , but by a jury of common Americans .
I have no brief for José Padilla as an individual ; he appears to be a standard - issue street thug who got the standard prison - upgrade to minor league Muslim fanatic .
But there are gravities of loathsomeness , and Padilla is being used by people immeasurably more evil than he is to accomplish unspeakably vile ends .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
The Democratic Party in this State is controlled by two people , Rory Reid , who was its past Chairman and Dina Titus , who ran for Governor in '06 .
The same Dina Titus that lost to the most incompetent politician in Nevada politics , in a year that the Democrats swept into office .
This State 's Party is in disarray and the '06 election is proof enough for everyone paying attention .
All the people seated around me were given tickets by the Party and the ones I talked with said that they worked in Dina Titus ' campaign for Governor .
Rory Reid and Dina Titus are Hillary 's biggest backers in this State and will use their control over this Party to win the caucus for her .
The audience that were around me behaved like they were at a boxing match at Caesar 's Palace , cheering for Hillary and booing her two closest opponents , John Edwards and Barack Obama .
Real Democrats do n't boo Democrats .
Obama and Edwards looked like they backed off and just sat this one out , since they were not allowed to contrast themselves against Hillary .
The audience members were n't informed , sophisticated Democrats , who could make their own decisions .
They were followers who want to be in the lead .
Our lousy Party leaders in this State , who could not win an election that the Democrats dominated in ' 06 , are leading them .
I came out of the event solid Obama , loving Kucinich and respecting Edwards .
Summary of Over 700 Programmer Videos
Posted by asp.net videos on Sunday , September 2 , 2007 · 7 Comments
Premium ( Not Free ) Video Tutorials
Free Video Tutorials & Free Tools
Here is a summary of the programmer videos referenced on Ideal programmer .
This is an index of the programming video tutorials that will grow as more videos are added .
Databases
What is DB2 ?
– contains 20 videos ( 15 of them are from IBM )
What is MySQL ? – contains 3 videos .
SQL Server – 13 Free videos from Bob Tabor of LearnVisualStudio.net ( Highly Recommend ) .
1. dotNET Programming Videos
< === Advanced ===>
of 100 hours of free videos from some of Microsoft 's finest – learn directly from the experts and re-watch them until it " sinks in . "
The best teachers are the ones that know the material backwards and forwards so that they can present it in a streamlined manner – these instructors do just that .
We need to learn the material backwards and forwards too .
The good news is that all of the instruction and the software you will download to do the coding is 100 % free !
( Microsoft does require that you register with them to view the videos and , instead of Firefox , Safari , etc. , but it is totally free . )
You can copy - n- paste my google .
docs spreadsheets to your own spreadsheet to help you keep track of which videos you have watched by clicking here – have some fun with it ! )
SQL Server – 13 Free Videos from Bob Tabor of LearnVisualStudio.net ( Highly Recommend ) .
Modern Software Development in Visual Basic – Joe Hummel gives a very clear presentation on the basic concepts involved in programming in Visual Basic .
He is a PhD in computer science and excellent at making abstract concepts seem simple .
Joe is very good at giving you a conceptual behind - the - scenes understanding of how dotnNet programming works .
Fifteen free one - hour tutorials .
ASP .NET Soup To Nuts – Microsoft's Bill Steele provides an excellent 26 hour video series that takes you from installing the free express versions of the software to building a full - blown auction site .
Best series I have watched !
Be sure to check out Bill 's very cool heads up display invention for airline pilots at www.virtualhud.com ( Highly Recommend ) .
Essential ASP.NET – Although many of the topics in this series are similar to Bill Steele 's ASP Soup to Nuts Series , Fritz puts a different spin on them , and I have learned a lot by watching both series .
( Highly Recommend ) .
C# Soup to Nuts – Microsoft 's Bill Steele does another Soup to Nuts video series – this one is on C# and it consists of 22 free one - hour videos ( Highly Recommend ) .
VB Soup to Nuts Ron Cundiff of Microsoft provides 17 free one - hour videos on VB .
ADO Step By Step – Microsoft 's Lindsay Rutter and Glen Gordon present 16 hours of data access fundamentals for dotNET programmers ( Highly Recommend ) .
Soup to Nuts : Build Windows Forms Applications with .
NET – Microsoft's David Anthony presents 14 free one - hour videos on building Windows Forms Applications and Smart Clients in the .NET Framework .
Modern Software Development Using C# – Dr. Joe Hummel presents 15 free one - hour videos on building Applications in the .NET Framework using C#. Appropriate for the intermediate or advanced Visual Studio .NET developer , Architecting Modern Desktop Applications in Microsoft .NET
Framework focuses on the architecture and design of Smart Client Applications .
Topics range from security when architecting your desktop application to using multithreading for performance and responsiveness .
The Architecting .NET Framework Solutions with C# and VB miniseries are both designed for Java , VB6 , and C++ developers moving to .NET Framework , and they follow the progression of C# or VB development .
Advanced Topics ( not part of Streamlined Syllabus )
ASP.NET Learn Ajax – Microsoft's Joe Stagner takes you through installing Ajax extensions to using most of the controls in 76 videos .
Windows Presentation Foundation – Microsoft's Bill Steele strikes again !!!
Eighteen hours of free videos on Windows Presentation Foundation .
Very Enjoyable .
Windows Communication Foundation Top to Bottom – Microsoft's Michele Leroux Bustamante presents 15 free one - hour videos on building Windows Communication Foundation .
Windows Communication Foundation ( WCF ) is the Microsoft messaging platform for building service - oriented applications .
Released with the Windows Vista operating system , and part of the Microsoft .NET Framework version 3.0 , WCF unifies the programming model for how components and services communicate : be they distributed or not , accessible beyond firewalls , or available through interoperable interfaces .
Architecting Desktop Applications with 2.0 – Dr. Joe Hummel presents an advanced series ( 15 free one - hour tutorials ) on developing desktop applications that are smart clients .
These applications allow you to work offline and update your web database whenever you reconnect to the internet .
This is an advanced series and you should definitely watch his Modern Software Development in Visual Basic first .
This is not really part of the streamlined syllabus , as it is more advanced .
SQL Server 2005 – Bryan Von Axelson presents 10 free one - hour tutorials on SQL Server Administration topics .
This is a more advanced series and not part of the streamlined Syllabus .
Languages
Introduction to Ajax – contains 4 videos .
ASP.NET Learn Ajax – Microsoft's Joe Stagner takes you through installing Ajax extensions to using most of the controls in 76 videos .
ASP .NET Soup To Nuts – Microsoft's Bill Steele provides an excellent 26 hour video series that takes you from installing the free express versions of the software to building a full - blown auction site .
Best series I have watched – Be sure to check out Bill 's very cool heads up display invention for airline pilots at wwwvirtualhud.com ( Highly Recommend ) .
ASP .NET 2.0 – contains over 100 webcasts from Microsoft .
Intro to Atlas – contains 2 videos from Microsoft .
Intro to C++ – contains 21 videos ( 13 of the videos are from Stanford University ) .
C# Soup to Nuts – Microsoft 's Bill Steele does another Soup to Nuts video series – this one is on C# and it consists of 22 free one - hour videos ( Highly Recommend ) .
Getting Started with Java – contains 15 videos .
Intro to JavaScript – contains 4 videos .
Object Oriented Programming Tutorials – contains 27 videos ( 24 videos are from ADUni.org ) .
Intro to Perl – contains 4 videos .
Intro to Python – contains 15 videos .
Intro to Ruby on Rails – contains 19 videos .
Visual Basic and VB.NET – contains over 500 videos from Learn Visual Studio .
( Highly Recommend )
Miscellaneous Free videos for Programmers
over 30 Free Computer Science Courses on Video – Free Video Computer Science Courses from MIT , Berkley , and Others
ADO Step By Step – Microsoft 's Lindsay Rutter and Glen Gordon present 25 hours of data access fundamentals for dotNET programmers ( Highly Recommend ) .
Microsoft 's MSDN TV – Microsoft videos up until Sept 2006 ( lots of . NET videos )
Microsoft's Webcast Series
Windows Presentation Foundation – Microsoft's Bill Steele strikes again !!!
Eighteen hours of free videos on Windows Presentation Foundation .
Very Enjoyable .
( Highly Recommend )
Networking
A New Way of Looking at Networking – contains 1 video .
Related posts :
Related posts brought to you by Yet Another Related Posts Plugin .
Thoughts 01-03-2007 - Cloverfield Monster Revealed !
The Cloverfield monster has finally been revealed and as we all expected , its Conan O'Brien .
The freakishly pale , lanky late show host had been off the air until recently supposedly because of the writers guild strike .
The strike has been a convenient cover - up for this blockbuster movie secret .
A lot of people are assuming that Cloverfield is just another Godzilla movie .
If you watch the previews closely you can see Conan 's distinctive hairstyle peaking out from behind one of the buildings in New York .
This all may seem like a big shock to a lot of people but if you think about it makes perfect sense .
Why would they spend all this time hyping a movie like Cloverfield if its just going to end up being what everyone expects ?
Dazzle everyone with some special effects and distract them with a writer 's strike then catch them off guard with a 300 foot tall Conan O'Brien stomping down Broadway doing the string dance .
The people behind this marketing campaign are obviously some kind of genetic mutants with gigantic brains .
I 'm just hoping that Conan battles Pimp Bot 5000 in the film .
12-28-2007 George W. Bush underwent an operation late last night to remove a small tumor from his prefrontal cortex .
The tumor had been causing him to suffer from delusions such as hearing God tell him to free the people of Iraq and to believe that global warming does n't exist .
Bush woke up from the surgery early this morning and is already coherent and talking with his wife and daughters .
He told Laura that the first thing he does when he gets out of the hospital is to apologize to the people of Iraq and withdraw forces as soon as possible .
He said that because of the tumor he was under the impression that he was in a movie where he was responsible for avenging his father after a failed assassination attempt by Saddam Hussein .
He was also being spoken to by Jesus who told him to free the people of Iraq and to clear all the brush from his land .
Bush also plans to correct a lot of his previous Presidential decisions since they were made while he was n't in full control of his faculties .
His ban on government funded stem - cell research is going to be overturned as well as his veto of SCHIP .
Bush said shortly after waking up , " I do n't talk too good and because of this people think I 'm ignorant .
Talking in front of people hurts my head bone .
I want to assure the American people that the odd decisions I made during my terms in office were cause by this brain tumor , not my speech ( sic ) inperdiments .
I will use the time left in my term to try and correct things and put America back on the path to being great again .
Again , I am sorry for being such a giant douche bag over the last 7 years . "
12-20-2007 The Chinese lead epidemic continues on .
A recent shipment of hula - hoops from China was found to contain 1500 % more lead than what is legally allowed .
Several children and one fat guy have already been admitted to hospitals around the country for lead related incidents .
This goes to show you that profits will always come before the well being of people .
One hula - hoop weighed in at a staggering 125lbs and shattered the foot of a 12 year old child .
The fat guy mentioned above herniated two discs in
his spine while trying to carry one into the house to wrap as a Christmas present for his son .
His neighbor was quoted as saying , " People still give hula - hoops as Christmas presents ?
What a cheap bastard . "
All these incidents will hopefully wake up our government and cause them to increase the checks on imports from China .
We already have a large trade deficit from them and letting them get away with sending us shoddy products will just embolden them into sending us more crap and giving them even higher profit margins .
With all this extra money they will become an even stronger competitor to us in the global market .
Its hard to believe that some lead filled toys could be the beginning of the end of America 's superpower status .
12-19-2007
Try this out .
Create a new text file and open it in Notepad .
Type Bush hid his farts then save the file and close it .
Reopen the file and see what happens .
Why does this occur ?
Obviously its because the whereabouts of George W. Bush 's farts have been classified for national security reasons .
Notepad.exe has been a safe haven for terrorist activities for years and Microsoft finally gave into government requests to lock it down so it can't be used for evil purposes .
I have no qualms against securing our country but Bush is an elected official and I believe that all of his gaseous emissions should be public knowledge .
Our tax dollars pay for the food that creates those farts and , damn it , we have the right to know about them .
When Bush is overseas all of his bowel movements are kept sealed on Air Force One to keep foreign intelligence officers from collecting samples of it .
I say let them have it .
We get enough of Bush 's shit everyday in the news and I think the rest of the world should have to suffer from it too .
Andre Roussimoff makes for an unlikely icon .
The French wrestler was the star of America 's World Wrestling Federation during the 1970s , and continued to fight until 1991 , under the name of Andre the Giant .
He also appeared in the 1987 film , The Princess Bride and played a Sasquatch in a couple of episodes of The Six Million Dollar Man .
Such showbiz accolades are fine , but they alone hardly place him alongside Chairman Mao , Che Guevara and Marilyn Monroe , as one of the most widely recognisable faces in popular art .
Yet black and white renderings of Roussimoff 's face grace thousands of sites around the globe , often accompanied by the word " Obey " .
The wrestler 's latterday fame can be put down to one man : street art supremo , graphic artist , advert lampooner and occasional ad industry employee , Frank Shepard Fairey , whose new London exhibition opened this week .
Shepard , as he's been known since childhood ( " it 's a family name , people have said 'oh Shepard !
You are shepherding the masses !
Do you have a messiah complex ? " ' ) , cut his first sticker stencil of the wrestler in 1989 , during the summer break after his freshman year at The Rhode Island School Of Design .
This image and the accompanying " Andre The Giant has a posse " slogan began as an in - joke among local skaters .
Interest grew , and Fairey used Andre stickers and posters to undermine a couple of prominent ad campaigns .
Then , in 1995 , he updated the design , emboldening the face and adding an Obey slogan , which he took from the anti-advertising B- movie , They Live .
What sets Fairey apart from other graffiti fanatics is the scale of his Giant campaign .
The Andre image predates most other street - poster graffiti artists and Giant heads have been plastered up in Japan , Russia , Italy and Paris , as well as numerous sites throughout the UK and the US .
Even British stencil artist , Banksy , cites Fairey as an influence .
" I think he really liked how prolific I was , " says Shepard , seated in the Brick Lane warehouse which will serve as his gallery .
" When he travelled almost anywhere , he 'd see my stuff , and he knew that it was mostly me putting it up . "
He puts some of his determination down to an unfortunate source .
" I'm diabetic , " Fairey says .
" I 'm probably going to die 15 to 20 years before most other people .
So , it 's just the meaning of life thing : what does it all mean ? "
The wiry 37 - year - old then laughs a little , before adding : " it means nothing ! "
" I 've had a vitrectomy in both eyes , " he continues .
" That 's when they cut your eyeball open and they take out all the gel and fill it with saline solution . "
Surgical complications can include cataracts and retinal detachment .
" I 've been temporarily blind in both eyes , but not simultaneously , " he says , " one occasion was about a year ago , and the other happened about four months ago . "
In the second instance , he was in New York to open a show .
" It makes me feel , " he says , smiling and staring forward , " as if I 'd better get busy . "
To fund graffiti projects , Fairey founded first a screen - printing business , then a clothing company and a graphic design agency , taking work from everyone from Pepsi and Sunkist to Levi's and the Smashing Pumpkins .
" Of course people say - and I 'm quoting the Bill Grundy Sex Pistols interview now - ' is n't that slightly opposed to your anti-materialistic view of life ? ' "
He smiles .
It 's a question he gets a lot , so he knows his answer already : " I 'm not against capitalism .
If I was , I would n't live in the US .
If you get up everyday , work and spend money , you 're participating .
But that does n't mean I do n't want to critique it . "
His attitude towards advertising is a little more ambiguous .
In the past , he 's said he feels like a double agent .
Indeed , in 1994 , Fairey set out to sabotage the ad campaign for a new drink from Coca - Cola called OK , which was aimed at hard - to - reach , anti-establishment , grungy young males .
Now Fairey is the go - to man when appealing to that demographic .
" Coca - Cola were trying to steal the cachet of a subculture in a really soulless way , " he remembers .
" I do n't have a problem with someone making something good and saying it 's good .
Like the iPod : it holds 10,000 songs , it 's useful , it 's got a lot of memory .
Alright , cool , I 'll take one . "
He remains a conduit for reaching disaffected , affluent kids .
Why ?
Perhaps because , unlike some graffiti artists , he comes from a comfortable background .
" I grew up in South Carolina , in a conservative , small city , " he explains .
" My mom had been head cheerleader and my dad was captain of the football team .
She taught English and he was a doctor . "
Fairey was privately schooled and he used his mother 's photocopier - bought for Mrs Shepard 's domestic room rental business - to print up his pre-Andre skate stickers .
" She would say ' do n't put that sticker paper in the machine , it jams it up ! ' " he remembers .
Certainly , where his art is concerned , Fairey is still appealing to alienated kids .
" When I was a teenager , all art was album covers , graphic art and skateboard T - shirts .
I want to influence people at a stage in life when they 're not too jaded to say ' It 's just all bullshit anyway .
Fuck it . '
I 'm trying to get them to see that building blocks are all very basic , like three chords in rock 'n'roll .
It 's easy to follow . "
Though the red , white and black Obey posters are simple enough , works from this London exhibition are a little more complex .
There are fewer Giant heads , while dollar bill designs , Islamic patterns and female portraits join the wrestler 's face .
The show 's title , Nineteeneightyfouria , is a reference to London .
Shepard believes the British capital to be not only the world 's foremost street art city , but also the one metropolis where the blanket CCTV coverage deserves the adjective ' Orwellian ' .
" The surveillance is insane , " he says .
" There 's this loving embrace of shrinking privacy and civil liberties . "
Despite this , street art flourishes .
Within days of arrival , Shepard has pasted up large works around the gallery 's adjoining streets and can cite art by similar graffiti practitioners within a quarter mile radius of his Brick Lane space .
He believes London 's vitality can be put down to his friend Banksy .
" Most street art makes that primary impression , " Shepard explains , " but Banksy is the first guy to realise how he can leverage secondary impressions through the media .
There are a lot of guys who have been doing street art .
They were known within their subculture , but only after the splash that Banksy has made have they been able to sell at art shows . "
While buyers of Fairey 's work might count an Obey Giant print as a great piece of leftwing wall jewellery , Shepard 's own politics remain nuanced .
He has turned down commissions from Marxist organisations , and believes that a little bit of competition is a good thing .
" I think that when people do n't see the ability to get ahead for themselves , they 're demotivated , " he says .
For Fairey , the competition not only includes cops and corporations , but also rivals .
A number of graffiti artists have devoted themselves to defacing Obey Giant sites .
The most recent is a New Yorker who goes by the tag of Splasher .
In the past few years , Splasher has defaced a number of Obey Gaint pieces in NYC ; yet even he seems to have fallen foul of Shepard 's work ethic .
" We put 40 new pieces up there in June , " says Shepard , " and only about one had been splashed .
I think Splasher has retired .
People ask ' is Splasher going to make you stop ? ' and I 'm like ' well , I 've been doing this for 20 years .
I 'm going to outlast the guy . ' "
He smiles again , before adding : " I 'll outlast all of them . "
· Nineteeneightyfouria is on now until November 25 , at StolenSpace , The Old Truman Brewery , Brick Lane , E1 , see stolenspace.com for info
Urban renewal
Other street artists to look out for in the area
Space invader
Small tiled renderings of space invader game characters on Brick Lane , London , E1
" We showed him at our gallery in Los Angeles and I 've showed at his gallery in Paris .
His work stays up for a long time because people do n't think of it as graffiti . "
Banksy
Stencils above the corner of City Road and Old Street , London , EC1
" This image is no longer there .
I actually did that spot once Banksy had been gone over ; he said it was cool .
Later somebody wanted to defend Banksy 's honour and wrote something on there , but I had no idea it was going to stir up some controversy . "
D- Face
Car sculpture in the yard at the end of Dray Walk ( off Brick Lane ) , London , E1
" I love his work ; he and I went out postering togther .
This sculpture across the street , the car with the big ball , I like . "
2007-08-08 04:00:00 PDT
Damascus , Syria --
The flood of more than 1.4 million Iraqi refugees , with as many as 10,000 pouring over the border each week , is pushing Syria to the edge , most observers say .
" The situation is starting to scare a lot of people , " said Samir Taqqi , a political analyst at the Orient Center for Studies , a Damascus think tank .
Public services are deteriorating .
State - run hospitals , inundated by tens of thousands of Iraqis seeking free medical care , are short on staff and medical supplies .
Unable to afford serving cafeteria food , many are asking patients to bring their own .
At public schools across Damascus , the capital , overwhelmed teachers are forced to work double shifts to accommodate Iraqis pushing class sizes to as high as 70 students .
Meanwhile , rolling power blackouts blanket the city for up to five hours a day because the country 's electrical grid can't meet increasing energy demands during one of the warmest summers on record .
Blackouts in some suburbs reportedly last up to 12 hours .
" The Syrian economy does n't have the resources to sustain current subsidies for food and energy , " said Taqqi .
Real estate prices also have risen sharply in the past year , while the government is forking out millions of dollars in subsidies to keep the price of bread affordable after drought conditions this year reduced cereals by an estimated 3.5 million tons .
And rumors that the government will soon ration water has caused many Damascus residents to stockpile tap water .
The population explosion - the International Monetary Fund said Iraqis now make up 8 percent of Syria 's population - plus U.S. economic sanctions and declining oil exports are stretching finances dangerously thin .
" You have a situation where the state has n't been able to increase tax collection , which is causing bigger budget deficits , " said Andrew Tabler , editor in chief of Syria Today , Syria 's first English - language magazine .
Some analysts fear the current conditions are ripe for social unrest .
" You have all the same elements of Iraq 's civil war now living in Syria 's capital , " said a senior government adviser who asked to remain anonymous because he is not authorized to talk to the media .
Increasingly , Iraqis are drawing the ire of many Syrians , who complain that indigent Iraqi laborers are taking jobs for lower - than - average pay and increasing unemployment , which hovers around 20 percent .
Criminal activity and Iraq 's sectarian tensions are starting to spill over , with a marked rise in prostitution , rumors of Iraqis kidnapping Iraqis for ransom , and Sunnis and Shiites settling old scores .
Syrians and Iraqis increasingly speak about a growing presence of Iraq 's sectarian organizations , including followers of the firebrand Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr , who has set up an office in a Damascus suburb .
Abu Afaq , 59 , a Sunni refugee and former military officer during the rule of Saddam Hussein , says agents of al - Sadr 's militia , the Mahdi Army , have intimidated and spied on him in the Damascus suburb of Sayyida Zeinab , where hundreds of thousands of Iraqi refugees live .
" When I tried to go back to Baghdad , my cousin stopped me before I reached my old house because Sadr 's men were looking for me , " said Afaq , who asked to be called by a different name because he feared for his safety .
" They knew I had left Syria , and if they caught me , would have killed me , for sure . "
Syria and Jordan , which have taken in the bulk of the more than 2 million Iraqi refugees , have been clamoring for international assistance .
Aid , however , has been modest and slow in coming .
The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees has a budget of $ 67 million for the entire region , with $ 14 million earmarked for Syria this year .
UNHCR , however , has increased its budget for its regional Iraq operation to $ 123 million .
The United States is reportedly devising a program to provide at least 7,000 Iraqis with American visas , but many remain skeptical .
" That number is a drop in the bucket , " said Mtanios Habib , a former Syrian minister of petroleum .
" America and the coalition created this problem , and they have done nothing to help . "
At last month 's meeting in Amman over Iraq refugees , the Jordanian government announced that the annual cost of hosting 700,000 Iraqi refugees approached $ 1 billion .
Refugee inflows and a loss of subsidized oil from Iraq after the U.S. invasion caused inflation in Jordan to jump to 6.25 percent in 2006 from 1.6 percent in 2003 , according to a study conducted by the Center for Strategic Studies , an Amman think tank .
Jordan also fears more acts of terrorism after the 2005 attacks against a wedding reception in Amman and two U.S. naval vessels in the southern port city of Aqaba .
More than 60 people were killed - mostly at the wedding - causing the nation to tighten its border controls .
" Jordan awoke to the dangers of letting in large numbers of refugees after the wedding and Aqaba rocket attacks , " said Paul Tate , a Jordan - based political analyst .
" The official government line in Jordan is that they are still allowing Iraqis in , but it is widely suspected that they are not allowing in males between the ages of 18 and 40 . "
Syria , on the other hand , is the region 's only country whose borders remain open .
As a result , poor and uneducated refugees of all ages who can't afford the high cost of living in Jordan are streaming in .
" We have thousands of Iraqis who are getting in with fake passports and other false documents , " said political analyst Taqqi , who added that many are also smuggled over the border .
" Syria does n't have the technology to monitor and inspect all of them to verify who they are . "
Iraqi neighborhoods around Damascus have become so crowded that refugees are seeking shelter elsewhere , according to humanitarian relief agencies .
" We are starting to see migrations of Iraqis out of Damascus to cities located elsewhere , " said Laurens Jolles , the UNHCR representative to Syria .
Jolles and other observers say this migration poses serious problems for relief efforts and for cities throughout Syria because they lack infrastructure to absorb large influxes of people .
" If this situation continues , and the government does n't receive help , you could see drastic measures being taken soon , " warned Jolles , indicating that authorities may soon clamp down .
" The time is coming when Syria will decide to deal much differently with refugees , both inside the country and with those wanting to come in , " said Taqqi .
" Almost all Syrians are opposed to having the Iraqis stay long - term - they do n't want them to become the next Palestinians . "
Exxon to unveil hybrid - car battery breakthrough Exxon says film may lead to car battery like laptop's
Exxon Mobil Corp. believes it has found an answer to a problem that has bedeviled the auto industry in recent years : using rechargeable lithium - ion batteries , like those found in cell phones and laptops , to power cars and trucks .
This weekend , at a conference in Anaheim , Calif. , Exxon Mobil will unveil a super - thin plastic sheeting the company says can improve the power , safety and reliability of lithium - ion batteries for use in automobiles .
Exxon Mobil considers the film a breakthrough because it allows battery makers to build smaller and cheaper battery systems — removing key obstacles that have kept automakers from building hybrid and electric vehicles on a wide scale .
" That desire to use batteries that are more powerful and lighter is something that the auto companies have yearned for for years , " said Jim Harris , senior vice president at Exxon Mobil Chemical Co. , a Houston unit of the Irving - based energy giant .
Today , most vehicles have toaster - sized nickel - metal hydride batteries under the hood .
But battery makers and auto manufacturers have begun turning their attention to lithium - ion batteries because they are smaller , lighter , able to hold a charge longer and have a higher energy density .
" It 's the natural next step for advanced battery technology , " said Brian Corbett , a spokesman for General Motors Corp. , which is developing models like the Chevrolet Volt that incorporate lithium - ion batteries .
Safety issues
First introduced by Sony in 1991 , lithium - ion batteries were designed to help slim down portable electronics devices .
But automakers have struggled to adapt them for vehicles because of operational limitations , high costs and safety issues .
Last year , 6 million Sony lithium - ion batteries in Dell and Apple notebook computers were recalled because of overheating that in some instances resulted in fires .
That recall gave a boost to companies working on improving lithium - ion batteries , including Exxon Mobil Chemical , which has 20 years of experience in the field , and Boston - based Optodot Corp. , which has also developed a separator film for lithium - ion batteries .
Separator films are membranes that keep the battery 's positive and negative fields , which are wrapped in a jelly - roll configuration , from touching .
Exxon Mobil developed its film with Japanese affiliate Tonen Chemical .
Invented in research labs at Exxon Mobil 's Baytown complex , the film is the first to squeeze multiple layers of plastic into a single white sheet the width of a human hair .
The added layers enable the batteries to run at higher temperatures — and produce more power — while still protecting them from overheating , company officials said .
It also incorporates features that cause it to shut down if there is a short circuit in the battery .
Exxon Mobil sees the separator film technology as more than just a chance to green up its image .
Company officials said there is a legitimate business motive for pursuing the technology .
" Clearly , hybrid and electric vehicles are going to play a role in the future , and we want to be a part of that , " Harris said .
This year , Americans will buy 354,000 hybrid vehicles , accounting for about 2 percent of total U.S. auto sales , according to J.D. Power and Associates in Troy , Mich .
By 2012 , hybrid sales will grow to 1 million , or nearly 6 percent of the market , the firm projects .
A hybrid , like the Toyota Prius , combines a gasoline engine with an electric motor to achieve better fuel economy and lower emissions than vehicles with only a traditional internal combustion engine .
But hybrids still cost roughly $ 3,000 more than their gas - powered counterparts , and can weigh up to 900 pounds more , leading to sluggish performance .
More practical
If Exxon 's film separator can reduce the costs and weight of battery systems , then hybrids could become more than a niche market , said Erich Merkle , auto analyst with IRN , an industry research firm in Grand Rapids , Mich .
" Quite honestly , that 's the type of thing that 's going to make hybrids much more practical , because right now there 's some real economic factors that hold hybrid sales back , " he said .
Exxon Mobil is working with the leading battery manufacturers to incorporate its film separator technology , Harris said .
To date , the company has only produced test batches of the film but has the capability to begin mass production through its affiliate in Japan , he said .
Among the biggest lithium - ion battery manufacturers are Japan 's Sony , South Korea 's Samsung and Johnson Controls in Milwaukee , Wis .
But when asked if Exxon Mobil had contracts with those companies , Harris sidestepped , promising only that there is more news to come .
brett.clanton@chron.com
Seeking an apology , a robot heckles Bill Clinton on the stump
David Edwards and Adam Doster
Published : Tuesday December 11 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This
It 's not unusual for former President Bill Clinton to encounter protesters .
But it 's strange when they are made of metal .
At an Iowa City campaign stop for his wife Hillary last night , a man dressed in a silver metallic suit , a matching helmet and dark glasses heckled Clinton before he was booed out of the room .
" Bill Clinton , I want you to apologize to Sister Souljah , " the man said .
" Robots of the world want you to apologize to Sister Souljah .
We want you to apologize . "
He proceeded to hurl dozens of orange , green , hot pink and yellow cards into the air , all of which read , " Robots are mad at Bill .
MR - IFOBCA stands for Mad Robots In Favor Of Bill Clinton Apologizing .
Mr. Ifobca says , ' Bill Clinton should be ashamed of himself for slandering a Black woman named Sister Souljah , ' " followed by a website address .
The robot's website offers a fake " Sister Souljah Statement , " which takes Clinton to task because he " lacks integrity " and " portrays himself as compassionate , yet he supports giving prisoners lobotomies , removing sections of the brain . "
During his 1992 presidential campaign , Clinton famously chastised the black rapper and community activist for statements she made about black - on - black crime .
He compared her to David Duke for saying " If black people kill black people every day , why not have a week and kill white people ? "
The crowd enjoyed Clinton 's rejoinder .
" Look at America ,  he said .
" You need to find more environmentally responsible ways to protest than throwing graffiti around . 
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast on December 11 , 2007 .
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
God is not Great is the title of book by Christopher Hitchens
Here is an excellent video introduction by Mr. Hitchens himself on his book and religion , followed by a Q&A from the Google Campus :
Recently I ’ve been working on a SitePoint project : The Ultimate CSS Reference ( Coming soon !
If you ’re into CSS it ’s going to rock your world ) .
While researching the shadowy corners of the web for traces of arcane CSS lore , I ’ve realized that a lot of information about CSS on the web is in dire need of an update .
Between 2001 and the present we ’ve had an explosion in knowledge and general understanding of CSS , the web is full of tutorials , articles and blog posts written during this era of enlightenment .
But , time moves on and browsers improve .
The level of CSS support in modern browsers is pretty darn good and just as an intimate knowledge of CSS hacks is fast becoming redundant so is a lot of that material .
In fact , some of it is down right misleading and your search results are bound to be chock full of well intentioned , but out - of - date information .
Among the pages of arcane CSS lore you ’ll find something called the CSS cascade ; the thing that ultimately decides what each element ’s style will eventually be .
It has a reputation for being difficult to understand and is often the cause of those frustrating , obscure CSS problems when what happens in the browser is nothing like what you were expecting to happen .
The amount of misinformation on the web certainly does n’t help , so this is my small effort to correct the situation : putting to rest two of the biggest myths about the CSS Cascade .
Myth : Embedded styles take priority over external styles and inline styles take priority over embedded styles .
As far as browsers are concerned it makes no different how CSS is linked to a document ; all three of these methods are considered to have the same origin : the author style sheet .
What causes one to overwrite the other has nothing to do with how they are linked to the document .
If importance and specificity are equal the only thing that matters is source order ; when a style sheet link element appears after the style element ( the embedded style ) , in the document ’s head , the external styles overwrite the embedded styles .
I think this myth developed because generally people put their link elements before their style elements .
Inline styles overwrite identical style declarations in other style sheets only because they have a higher specificity ( see below ) , but important declarations ( see below as well ) overwrite inline styles no matter where the declarations come from — even external style sheets .
Myth : Specificity can be represented by a total score .
You ’ve probably seen this formula before :
specificity = number of IDs * 100 + number of classes * 10 + number of elements * 1
So a selector like p.introduction would have a selector score of 11 ( 10 + 1 ) .
While certainly easy to understand it can be very misleading ; you may begin to think that if you have 10 element names in your selector then it ’s equivalent to 1 class name and that ’s just plain wrong .
This myth is probably the legacy of the badly worded explanations in the older CSS1 and 2 specs .
1 ID selector will always have a higher specificity than any number of class selectors , even a million class selectors !
Once the cascade reaches the point of having to sort two or more property declarations by specificity , it does so like this :
Is one an inline style ?
It wins !
If none are inline proceed to b .
Count the number if IDs in the selectors .
The highest score wins !
Same score ?
Proceed to c.
Count the number of attributes , class names and pseudo - classes .
The highest score wins !
Same score ?
Proceed to d.
Count the number of element names or pseudo - elements .
The highest score wins !
If they have the same score in the last step then they have the same specificity and source order dictates which one wins ( the one that comes last in the source ) .
The CSS2.1 specification would have expressed the result of the counting above in the form a , b , c , d ( a = 1 if true , 0 otherwise ) .
So an inline style has a specificity of 1,0,0,0 while a selector like p.introduction has a specificity of 0,0,1,1 ( one class and one element name ) .
You ca n’t just remove the commas .
This also puts to rest a few other minor misconceptions :
Wrong :
A child selector like div>p has a higher specificity than a descendant selector : div p .
From the process above you can see that combinators are not even included ; they make no difference .
Those two selectors have the same specificity 0,0,0,2 ( 2 element names ) .
The universal selector : * , is also ignored .
: A child selector like has a higher specificity than a descendant selector : .
From the process above you can see that combinators are not even included ; they make no difference .
Those two selectors have the same specificity ( 2 element names ) .
The universal selector : , is also ignored .
Wrong :
A selector like # someid has a higher specificity than p#someid because the ID selector comes first .
The order makes no difference , just count the number of components in the selector .
# someid has a specificity of 0,1,0,0 and p#someid has a higher specificity of 0,1,0,1 .
: A selector like has a higher specificity than because the ID selector comes first .
The order makes no difference , just count the number of components in the selector .
has a specificity of and has a higher specificity of .
Wrong : an ! important declaration has a higher specificity than a normal one .
As you ’ll see below , specificity has nothing to do with it .
: an declaration has a higher specificity than a normal one .
As you ’ll see below , specificity has nothing to do with it .
Wrong : an inherited property has a lower specificity than a declared one .
Again , as you ’ll see below , specificity has nothing to do with it .
In fact inheritance has nothing to do with the cascade at all !
Gettin’ Cozy With The Cascade
The CSS cascade is easier to understand than you think , and once you get it , your understanding of CSS takes a huge leap .
Here ’s the cascade in 4 simple steps ; this is the process that occurs for each CSS property for each web page element :
Gather all the declarations for the property from all sources .
This includes default browser styles and custom user styles , as well as author style sheets .
If there is more than one , proceed to 2 .
Sort the declarations by importance and origin in the following order ( from lowest to highest priority ) : user agent style sheets ( default browser styles ) normal declarations in a user style sheet ( a user ’s custom style sheet ) normal declarations in an author style sheet ( web page style sheets ; external , embedded , and inline styles ) ! important declarations in an author style sheet ! important declarations in a user style sheet
The one with the highest priority wins .
If more than one have the same priority then proceed to 3 .
Sort by selector specificity ( see the process above ) .
The one with the most specific selector wins .
If no clear winner , proceed to 4 .
The one that comes last in the source wins !
If the cascade does not set a CSS property on an element , then the browser will fall back to using an inherited property from the element ’s parent ( this only happens for some properties ) , otherwise the property is set to the CSS default value .
That ’s it !
Not too difficult eh ?
Now you understand something about CSS that once only the gurus knew !
Now , if you ’re game , get up and dance a jig to celebrate .
I certainly did !
* runs around with t- shirt over head , hands in the air , screaming WOOOOHOOOOO !*
OK , try not to picture that in your head …
If you want to really get to know CSS in a way that wo n’t melt your brain try the SitePoint video : The CSS Video Crash Course .
By Mark Ward
Technology Correspondent , BBC News website
Lord of the Rings Online made its debut early in 2007
So say industry watchers looking back on a year in which the field as a whole matured and signs emerged which show how the industry sector is developing .
During the year Blizzard 's flagship title consolidated its hold on gamers as its subscriber base kept growing .
But debuts by Age of Conan , Warhammer Online and many others may mean that hold begins to weaken .
Numbers game
" We expected , like all the analysts , to see a dip in subscriptions in 2007 , " said Paul Younger , an editor at the Inc Gamers network .
" As it turns out we 've seen the rise and rise of WoW . "
At the start of 2007 , the number of active subscribers playing World of Warcraft was eight million but by the end of summer the number had passed 9.3 million .
World of Warcraft dominates the online gaming world
In online games such as World of Warcraft players create an avatar or character , give them a profession and venture out into the game world to battle monsters , find treasure and turn their novice into a powerful hero or heroine .
Mr Younger said online games such as Lord of the Rings Online , Tabula Rasa and Hellgate : London were widely tipped to poach significant numbers of players from Blizzard but , he said , it was not clear that had happened .
" There seems to be an inability by other massively multi-player game makers to capture what Blizzard managed to capture , " said Mr Younger .
Rob Fahey , industry veteran and columnist for Gameindustry.biz , said the new launches and continued success of WoW showed how strong the industry had become .
" There 's plenty of choice out there for players now , " he said " You can even play massively multiplayer dancing games , if killing monsters is n't your thing . "
Another sign of the growing maturity of online gaming was the notable failure of titles such as Vanguard .
Although released in February it was error prone and has taken months to become reliable enough .
" It 's clear that it 's no longer acceptable to release buggy games , and players are n't prepared to pay a monthly fee to test an unfinished product , " he said .
Fantasy figures
The importance of the final polish is also thought to be behind the delayed arrival of Age of Conan : Hyborian Adventures and Warhammer Online : Age of Reckoning .
Both were originally due in 2007 but now are expected before next summer .
Many see these as serious contenders to WoW because like that game they trade on a long history of earlier works .
Large - scale battles will be key in Age of Conan
Warhammer is the creation of UK firm Games Workshop and has many fans who played the tabletop game , the role - playing system , the earlier games and has read the books set in its world .
Perhaps more importantly the titles are attempting to move online gaming on from the mechanics established by Blizzard .
In Warhammer many areas of the game are contested and factions will battle to regain control of these areas .
Solo players as well as those who prefer pitched battles will contribute to this back and forth that will see a lot of the game world 's territory change hands many times .
By contrast Age of Conan is explicitly aiming at a mature audience - in particular combat will be bloody and realistic .
The game will also allow player teams , or guilds , to set up and run their own cities or lay siege to each other 's strongholds .
But , said Philip Wride , boss of consultancy firm Elysium Gaming , it could be something entirely outside the field that has a big impact on online gamine in 2008 .
In the UK the Byron Review is scrutinising video games with a view to drawing up new regulations and guidelines governing them .
" It 's about educating parents more than anything and perhaps making changes in terms of rating systems , " he said .
This was likely to mean best practice guidelines for parents but may eventually involve new legislation .
" That would alter how online games are both portrayed and played , " said Mr Wride .
RALEIGH , N.C. 
Steadily lengthening delays in the resolution of Social Security disability claims have left hundreds of thousands of people in a kind of purgatory , now waiting as long as three years for a decision .
Two - thirds of those who appeal an initial rejection eventually win their cases .
But in the meantime , more and more people have lost their homes , declared bankruptcy or even died while awaiting an appeals hearing , say lawyers representing claimants and officials of the Social Security Administration , which administers disability benefits for those judged unable to work or who face terminal illness .
The agency ’s new plan to hire at least 150 new appeals judges to whittle down the backlog , which has soared to 755,000 from 311,000 in 2000 , will require $ 100 million more than the president requested this year and still more in the future .
The plan has been delayed by the standoff between Congress and the White House over domestic appropriations .
There are 1,025 judges currently at work , and the wait for an appeals hearing averages more than 500 days , compared with 258 in 2000 .
Without new hirings , federal officials predict even longer waits and more of the personal tragedies that can result from years of painful uncertainty .
Meet Daisy the cow – global climate ’s enemy number one .
Newsnight
When I started to investigate the impact of food on the environment a month ago I thought I would find myself fretting over food miles .
In fact transport is a tiny component of agriculture ’s worldwide contribution to greenhouse gas emissions .
No , the main culprit is out there in the fields , chewing her cud .
It turns out that livestock – predominantly cattle – are responsible for an astonishing proportion of global warming gases - 18 per cent of the total , to be precise .
That ’s right , almost a fifth of all emissions which is more greenhouse gas emissions than all the transport on earth – planes , trains , cars , skidoos the lot .
You ’ll be wondering how I reach that staggering conclusion .
Indeed , regular readers of this blog may be worried that my decision forgo flesh and become a vegan during January has fostered an irrational hatred of animals .
Not so .
The research implicating Daisy and her bovine brothers and sisters in global warming is very well sourced .
A good start is “ Livestock ’s Long Shadow ” , a report by the United Nations ’ Food and Agriculture Organisation .
So why is the meat we eat so polluting ?
Well , first of all we need to get a sense of scale .
Seventy per cent of all agricultural land is used to raise animals – that ’s a third of the land surface of the entire planet .
What ’s more , over a third of all cereal production goes to feed those animals .
The UN report estimates that 160 million tonnes of carbon dioxide are associated with the fossil fuels emitted by this vast global industry – that ’s roughly a third of the UK ’s total CO2 emissions .
The figure includes transporting meat and dairy products across the globe , as well as the carbon dioxide emitted on the farm , in processing and in manufacture of nitrogen fertiliser , which is used to raise crops for feed for animals .
Add in the carbon from deforestation and land degradation and the figure is far , far higher .
Most deforested land is used for pasture and the UN reckons the carbon released in the process takes the carbon cost of livestock up to the equivalent of 2.7 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide .
That ’s around seven per cent of all the greenhouse gases emitted by man .
That is a lot of global warming gas but still way short of that eighteen per cent figure .
That ’s because carbon dioxide is n’t the only global warming gas that animals are responsible for – which is where Daisy comes in .
Ruminant animals like cows and sheep produce a lot of methane as they digest their food .
And methane is a powerful greenhouse gas – twenty three times as powerful as carbon dioxide , in fact .
There are reckoned to be around one and a half billion head of cattle on the planet and one point seven billion sheep .
They , together with the more modest emissions of other farm animals , produce 37 per cent of global methane emissions which adds up to the equivalent of another 2.2 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide a year .
We ’re still not at a fifth of global emissions though .
To get there you have to factor in the effects of another global warming gas - nitrous oxide .
It is way more potent than even methane with 296 times the global warming power of carbon dioxide .
Sixty five per cent of human related emissions of nitrous oxide are from the nitrogen in animal manure .
That accounts for the equivalent of another 2.2 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide .
Add the effects of the three gases associated with farming animals and you get total emissions equivalent to 7.1 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide a year .
According to the UN report we humans are responsible for a total of the equivalent of 40 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide a year .
That ’s where I got that incredible figure of 18 per cent of total emissions .
Which brings me back to my experiment in veganism .
The reason I suppressed my carnal desires throughout January was to find out what difference cutting animal products from my diet would make to my so - called carbon footprint .
As usual , my carbon guru Professor Tim Jackson has been on the case .
He calculates that eighteen per cent of the carbon emissions created by the average diet are from meat and a further ten per cent are from dairy products .
But , as should be apparent from this blog , only counting carbon dioxide would be a woeful underestimate .
The problem is no - one has calculated the contribution methane and nitrous oxide emissions make to the climate cost of the food we eat .
Professor
Tim reckons it is safe to double the figure for carbon dioxide which means sixty per cent of the global warming potential of the average diet is from animal products .
Does that mean we should all be going vegan ?
If animal products account almost two thirds of the greenhouse gasses associated with food are from animal husbandry that is surely a powerful argument for any aspiring ethical man or woman to go vegan .
But does a vegan diet give you all the nutrients you need ?
I felt great not eating meat and a Bupa health - check at the beginning and end of my experiment showed that I shed two kilos in thirty one days , cutting my body fat from 19 per cent of my weight to just 15 per cent .
I also saw my cholesterol level plummet from 5.6 mmol / L ( rather high ) to just 3.4 mmol / L ( very low for a man of my age ) .
The problem is that there are two types of cholesterol – a good one and a bad one – and in my case both fell .
Not only that my haemoglobin levels fell to just above the acceptable level because , the doctor told me , I was almost certainly not getting enough vitamin B12 and iron .
Which is why , when I finally broke my vegan fast , I chose one of the finest steak restaurants in London .
I judged that only a very large slice of Daisy could make up for my missing nutrients .
One feast of flesh aside , I ’ve resolved to eat less meat but the rest of the world is n’t going to .
As incomes rise meat is one of the first things people buy .
Meat consumption is to double by 2050 .
So if , like me , you are going to continue to eat animals you might consider another way of reducing the environmental impact of your food – actually eat the stuff you buy .
A quarter of all the food that is produced goes uneaten - most of it growing mould at the bottom of a fridge .
Looks like you 're new here , welcome !
To stay in the know , grab our RSS feed or subscribe by email .
And if you 're looking for a travel package or an apartment in BA , we 've got the best ones .
Thanks for visiting !
6 . The People in Argentina are GORGEOUS
Have you heard of Yamila Diaz , Valeria Mazza , and Luján Fernández ?
Well , I know I have n’t , but that did not stop my jaw from constantly hitting the sidewalk when I was just trying to mind my own business on the streets in Buenos Aires .
Along with chiseled bone structure , slender body types , and some of the most manicured men and women I ’ve shared public space with , the euro - inspired Argenitine culture is one of eye popping fashion .
This should speak volumes : they rock the mullet and it works .
5. Quiero Vino , Quiero Vino , Quiero Vino !
( Um , Wine )
If Paul Giamatti had sloth - tonguedly rambled on and on about Malbec instead of Pinot Noir in Sideways , Argentina ’s recently exposed secret would have been probably overextended their vineyards , despite the fact it is the 5th largest wine producing country in the world .
The explanation of its growing popularity is simple .
High quality , low prices .
Restaurant owners in the States and Europe love it because the markup means that a single glass to a customer can pay for two entire bottles .
When you visit the country yourself , forget the markup and get you daily antioxidants without making a dent in your pocket .
4. See The Devil ’s Throat
Iguazu Falls make Niagra look like a spigot leak .
The 270 semi-circle of over two hundred individual falls spans the borders of Argentina and Brazil .
They have been in Bond movies and more recently took a step down and appeared in Miami Vice ( they must need money ) .
Some people are saying that they could run dry within fifty years , so now is definitely a time to be driven under the chutes in a motorboat , as if it there is ever a bad time for that .
3. Eat the Best Beef in the World .
Period .
Maybe Japanese Kobe beef tastes better once in a while .
After all , when a cow is getting massaged daily and fed high grade roughage and given beer to drink it is going to be happy and happy things are more delicious than sad .
Unfortunately , when cattle are treated like royalty they become quite expensive in the afterlife as well .
Argentine beef on the other hand lives the good life , but are n’t spoiled .
You do n’t enjoy it because you spite them .
The fact they are open range combined with the incredible skill of the asadores means you can eat a thick steak at a nice restaurant for the price a warm keg beer at a local Irish pub in States .
2 . It ’s cheap !
… For Now
So before the economic crash of 2001 , Argentina was expensive , like Europe - expensive .
Then , all of a sudden , going to Argentina was about 4 times cheaper .
And in poured the budget travelers , the backpackers , and the regular Joes who wanted to travel like rock stars .
After 6 years of steady inflation , Argentina is no longer mind - bogglingly cheap , but merely a great bargain .
So get down there while an all - you - can - eat steak dinners with wine still costs all of $ 12 .
It wo n’t last forever .
1. They ’re Just So Nice
Ok , so they are beautiful , but in the big scheme that is a secondary characteristic .
The truth is that whether you are bustling through Buenos Aires or visiting a small town , the people are warm and friendly .
I know I was butchering the language to an almost unbelievable degree – walking a thin line between the occasional comprehensible Spanish verb and pure scat – but the people were still incredibly polite , patient , and warm .
Maybe it was my non-verbal charisma , but in all honesty I believe it is more part of their culture .
We think you might also like :
The following clarification was printed in the Observer 's For the record column , Sunday September 16 2007
In the article below , we tell the story of Bruce Hyman , the barrister found guilty of perverting the course of justice after sending a bogus email during the course of a family law case .
We say : ' Even after Hyman was arrested , documents show that he continued to work on the case and picked up his client 's daughter from school at least once . '
His client , Karen Sanders
Young , has asked us to make clear that Mr Hyman collected her daughter from a nursery only once , on 19 September last year , and that he has not worked for her since his arrest on 30 October .
We repeat that there is no suggestion that Ms Sanders Young knew of his plan to send the email .
The following correction was printed in the Observer 's For the record column , Sunday September 2 2007
The article below was wrong to state that barrister Bruce Hyman was chief executive of Above The Title Productions .
Mr Hyman resigned as a director of the radio production company in January .
This has been corrected .
A barrister and renowned radio and television producer , who has worked with the likes of Anthony Minghella , Michael Frayn and David Mamet , is facing jail after being found guilty of attempting to pervert the course of justice .
Bruce Hyman has pleaded guilty to attempting to falsely incriminate the husband of a client he was representing in the family court .
If jailed , it is believed it would be the first time that a barrister had been sent to prison for such a crime .
His admission of guilt represents a remarkable fall from grace for a man who has produced more than 150 plays , musicals and comedy shows and written scripts for Angus Deayton and Johnny Vegas .
Stars such as Maureen Lipman , Patricia Hodge and Peter Capaldi have appeared in Hyman 's productions , which include The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy for Radio 4 .
He also produced Unreliable Evidence , the acclaimed BBC radio series , fronted by his close friend Clive Anderson , that examines complex aspects of the law .
As a practising barrister , Hyman was able to bring a wealth of knowledge to the programme , which attracted the biggest names in the legal profession .
But in an act that seems worthy of discussion on Anderson 's programme , Hyman emailed a bogus legal judgment he had forged to his client 's former husband , who was trying to gain greater access to the couple 's daughter .
The email , sent from what Hyman thought was an untraceable address , carried the logo of Families Need Fathers , the charity that campaigns for fathers ' rights .
It appeared to bolster the father 's claim that he should be granted greater access to his daughter and , believing it to be a genuine judgment , he presented it before the judge at Taunton family court in Somerset .
Within minutes of doing so , Hyman pounced , suggesting not only that the judgment was a forgery but that the father , who was representing himself , might have been responsible for faking it .
The father suddenly found himself facing a charge of perverting the course of justice and the prospect of having to pay substantial costs .
' I can not describe the feelings that went through me , ' the father , who can not be named for legal reasons , told The Observer .
' To be accused in court of what the judge had no trouble reminding me was a serious crime was horrendous .
I was frantic , panic stricken ; not to mention angry . '
Baffled as to how such a ' mistake ' had been made , he learnt that electronic documents could be traced via specialist online applications .
Soon he had tracked the email via an internet server in Manchester to a shop in Tottenham Court Road in London .
The shop denied sending the email and offered to check its CCTV footage for the day the email was supposedly sent .
' I could n't believe it when they emailed me some 12 or 13 of the CCTV stills , ' he said .
' I almost fell off my chair . '
The pictures showed Hyman entering the shop , removing a motorcycle helmet and sending an email from a laptop .
It seemed an open and shut case .
' But the police would not investigate initially , ' said the father , who was eventually put in touch with a helpful police officer by a Families Need Fathers member .
' As it was , my local force did n't follow up my report until some months after Hyman 's arrest .
If FNF had n't put me in touch with a police officer who took the case seriously , I might well have been facing a lengthy prison sentence . '
What motivated Hyman , a happily married man with four children , to break the law in a way that could have sent an innocent man to prison is not clear .
He is not a specialist in family law , nor is he from the area where the case was heard .
Further , he had passed his bar exams only a couple of years earlier and the case was one of his first .
With a home in Hampstead , London , and a chalet in the Alps , which he is believed to have sold recently , he was wealthy and had an enviable social life .
His dinner parties were eagerly anticipated , thanks to his skills in the kitchen and ready wit .
It might have been that he took the case because he knew his client extremely well .
The two had set up a company together shortly after the beginning of the millennium and they had known each other for many years .
Even after Hyman was arrested , documents show he continued to work on the case and picked up his client 's daughter from school at least once .
Records obtained by the police show Hyman telephoned the mother on the day he emailed her ex-husband the fake judgment .
Although arrested , the mother was not charged and there is no suggestion she knew of his plan .
Hyman , who faces sentencing on 19 September , declined to comment , but those who know him express bafflement at what he has done .
They say that after passing his bar exams he seemed to change his image .
' He was in love with the law in the way some middle - aged men are in love with the idea of being a rock star , ' said an acquaintance .
' When he became a lawyer some of his friends started to see a lot less of him . '
Meanwhile , the father has been left deeply bruised by what has happened .
He still does not see his daughter as much as he would like .
He is disillusioned with the courts system .
' Anyone who contemplates going through the family courts system should consider pulling their own fingernails out instead ; it 's less painful , ' he said .
' Appearing at these private hearings , where parties and their lawyers too often seem to have the smearing of their opponents at the top of their agendas , robs you of your dignity and your belief in the system . '
Fathers ' rights groups say the case highlights concern about the closed nature of the family courts .
' There 's a lot of what I call " micro- shittiness " in the family courts , ' said Jim Parton of Families Need Fathers .
' There are low - level acts of bullying by the lawyers in the corridors that go on all the time , but none of it gets reported . '
Israel ( TGW ) – The Renault - Nissan has signed a deal to begin mass producing electric cars for Israel .
The cars will be designed to have a range of 60 miles in the city and 100 miles on the highway , will accelerate from 0 to 60 miles per hour in 13 seconds and have a top speed of 70 miles per hour – similar to many gasoline powered cars .
The reason Israel was chosen for the project , Chief Executive Carlos Ghosn said , is because 90 % of Israelis drive less than 43 miles each day , and every major urban center is within 90 miles of each other .
The company expects to sell 10,000 to 20,000 of the cars , starting in 2011 .
" It will be the most environmentally friendly mass - produced car on the market , " Ghosn said at a Fuel Free Transportation ceremony at the office of Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , adding the main appeal of the cars is that they were as " normal as possible " while operating quietly .
The electric cars will have comparable costs to gasoline powered cars , Ghosn added .
The cars will eventually join the market in the United States , Ghosn said .
Via :: Reuters
19 octubre 2007
Peter Green House , at Brown University ( US ) , was moved last summer in one piece and landed in its new home , approximately 450 feet further .
The relocation was part of a plan to implement linked green spaces :
House movers experts use an unified hydraulic jacking system that can accommodate from one to thirty - eight 100 ton rams in unison .
This system is essential when making large , irregular lifts .
Recently , '
In Harvard , three 19th century buildings were moved to a new location and were rolled down the road at the same time , heading north on hydraulic lifts at 2 miles per hour .
You can check it out at this
Finally , I invite you to see the moving of a 100 year old church in Iowa , the
See also :
The structural moving industry is not a new or far - fetched idea .
Moving structures is a long - standing technique for " recycling " the materials and labor invested in construction .
It also saves landfill space .
Used buildings can be salvaged , restored , and enjoyed in new settings .
Moving a building often costs less than new construction , and preserves owner equity [ 1 ]
Peter Green House , at Brown University ( US ) , was moved last summer in one piece and landed in its new home , approximately 450 feet further .
The relocation was part of a plan to implement linked green spaces : House movers experts use an unified hydraulic jacking system that can accommodate from one to thirty - eight 100 ton rams in unison .
This system is essential when making large , irregular lifts .
Recently , ' Mega Movers ' , a History Channel 's program , showed how the Matyiko brothers - a legendary Mega Mover family - moved a 900 - tonne brick building in Massachusetts , to its new location :
In Harvard , three 19th century buildings were moved to a new location and were rolled down the road at the same time , heading north on hydraulic lifts at 2 miles per hour .
You can check it out at this gallery and the next video :
Finally , I invite you to see the moving of a 100 year old church in Iowa , the Trinity Lutheran Church , from the National Geographic 's documentary ' Monster Moves '.
Just wonderful : See also : Sea Giants
OLD jokes are best .
If they are remembered it is because they are funny , and if they are funny , it is probably because they are at least partly true .
So it was when Gareth Evans , a former Australian foreign minister , called APEC ( Asia - Pacific Economic Co-operation ) “ four adjectives in search of a noun ” .
Last weekend 's APEC summit in Sydney showed that nearly 20 years after its foundation , the group has yet to decide on its noun ( what it is ) , let alone its verb — what it actually does .
The 21 Asian and Pacific leaders ( including one embattled American president ) who descended on Sydney required nearly $ 150 m worth of security arrangements , including a five - kilometre - long , protester - proof fence dubbed the “ great wall of Sydney ” .
Press coverage centred on local disgruntlement at the disruption , on an embarrassing security breach by somebody disguised as Osama bin Laden ( shown below ) , and on speculation as to how Australia would fulfil the tradition of a group photograph in “ national dress ” .
( Since this quaint custom appears designed solely to make the leaders and the American president look silly , it is to be regretted that John Howard , Australia 's prime minister , rejected the idea of a swimsuit parade . )
Diplomats will tut - tut : how the press trivialises these important international gatherings !
But the opposite criticism is more valid : the press took the summit too seriously .
It earnestly relayed the leaders ' call for a rapid conclusion of the stalled Doha round of trade talks ; and it dutifully recorded their “ aspirational goal ” ( ie , meaningless wishful thinking ) to limit greenhouse - gas emissions .
There is no evidence that agreements reached at APEC serve any purpose other than providing a basis for discussion at the next summit .
To report them as if they did is misleading .
AP
But does APEC have other uses ?
Indeed it does in theory , but none that stands up to scrutiny .
First , when Australian prime ministers pushed the idea of a pan-Pacific summit two decades ago , they wanted to ensure greater American engagement in Asia and the Pacific .
Particularly after the election of Bill Clinton in 1992 , there was a worry that America might neglect the region in favour of its domestic concerns and Europe .
But the world has changed .
The rise of Asia — and of China in particular — is not something that any American leader can now ignore .
Of course Asia 's prominence raises an array of issues , but most are bilateral or multilateral .
Dealing with them ( or rather , failing to deal with them ) regionally is not helpful .
Second , there was a fear that Asian prickliness might lead to the growth of a strong regional grouping that excluded America : the economic “ caucus ” ( without the Caucasians ) championed by Mahathir Mohammad , a former Malaysian prime minister .
But that , in the form of the “ East Asian Summit ” is happening anyway .
But surely , say APEC 's fans , it is at least a good thing that these leaders meet and chew the fat ?
At times , it can even be opportune : last year in Hanoi , the leaders issued a statement condemning North Korea 's test of a nuclear device the previous month .
But that coincidence seems a pretty thin excuse for a huge international event , and the statement had no noticeable effect .
It is not just that APEC has no obvious function .
It is worse than that : it actually has a pernicious effect .
Its very existence creates the illusion that something is being done and so weakens other efforts to reach meaningful agreements on , for example , climate change and trade .
This joke has gone on long enough .
Introducing Angela
ANGELA is an automated 24/7 medical front desk receptionist and an online appointment scheduler .
Designed to be a physician office assistant , she can take phone calls from patients , engage in natural language dialogs with them , search and schedule appointments of their choices , or forward their calls to office emergency contact or voicemail when needed .
To help slash patient no - shows , ANGELA makes automated telephone reminder calls to patients every day in their preferred language .
ANGELA is an excellent long - term cost - efficient business solution for staff shortage problems faced by many doctors ; she works 24/7 , needs no maintenance , and is exceptionally reliable and very easy - to - use .
Sign up to our one month free trial now !
It pays to hire her !
Online Scheduler With A Modern Visual Design
In addition to being an efficient medical office receptionist , ANGELA is also an online medical appointment scheduler with a very modern visual user interface .
It can auto sync your data with Google Calendar so that your can check your appointments from an iPhone , BlackBerry or by text messaging SMS to your cell phone .
The scheduler 's beautiful graphic design , superb easy - to - use interface have received praise by many ( play demo ) .
The U.S. and Israel have yet to retract their claws when it comes to Iran .
The recently published U.S. National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) clearly states Tehran does n’t have a nuclear weapons program , which logically should dampen fears .
But instead of drawing comfort from the findings of 16 U.S. intelligence agencies , George W. Bush and Ehud Olmert are out there hyping up a non-existent threat , while their sycophants work hard at blowing as many holes in the NIE as they can .
U.S. President George W. Bush ’s skewed logic goes like this .
According to the NIE , in 2003 , Iran abandoned a covert nuclear program , which it could decide to reconstitute at any time .
Therefore , he says , Iran remains a danger to the world .
He also stated that at the time he made his ‘ third world war ’ speech he was in the dark as to the NIE ’s conclusions .
“ Nobody told me , ” he said with a straight face .
Few are biting , especially since the veteran investigate reporter Seymour Hersh reported in July last year that “ American and European intelligence agencies have not found specific evidence of clandestine activities or hidden facilities ” in Iran .
Then , in November 2006 , Hersh announced on CNN that his sources had told him about a classified draft CIA assessment that arrived at the same conclusion .
Is it conceivable that a reporter was in possession of the facts , while the U.S. president was kept out of the loop ?
Hersh insists the intelligence “ has been circulating inside this government at the highest levels for the last year and probably longer ” .
The Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert is similarly in denial .
A nuke - free Iran was not what he wanted to hear when he , like Bush , has been pushing China , Russia and Western allies to ratchet - up anti-Iranian UN sanctions .
Israel will work together with the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) to expose the Iranian military ’s plan to develop a nuclear weapon , he said .
Problem is IAEA Director - General Mohammad Al Baradei , head of the nuclear watchdog , has consistently rebutted accusations that Tehran has any such intentions and been heavily criticized by the U.S. for so doing .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad rightly felt vindicated , while heads of state in this part of the world were relieved .
Dispatched
But it was n’t long before the U.S. Defense Minister Bob Gates was dispatched to the region to stir the anti-Iranian pot before America ’s allies became complacent .
He was no doubt concerned that for the first time Persian Gulf States had invited Iran to attend a regional security conference .
In the event , Iran passed up the invitation but despite the absence of this major player , GCC countries signaled their wish for dialogue with Iran and rejected any military option .
“ We want the military factor to be eliminated , ” said the GCC ’s Secretary - General Abdulrahman Al Attiyah .
“ What we care for in the GCC is finding solutions that enhance security and stability and we believe in dialogue as a way to solve this crisis .
” Iraqi leaders who attended the summit were like - minded , urging the U.S. to engage with Tehran else risk regional insecurity .
The Iraqi Vice - President Tariq
Al Hashemi said he believes Iran holds the key for stability and peace within the region and stressed that “ the nuclear issue should be sorted out in round - table discussions ” .
Let ’s be realistic for a moment .
Iran has n’t invaded another country for hundreds of years , has n’t been belligerent towards its neighbors and , according to the Western intelligence community , does n’t have a nuclear weapons program .
So where exactly is the threat ?
Surely , the real and present danger to this region is Israel , which , unlike Iran , possesses an actual nuclear arsenal , is occupying Arab land and launched a war against a neighbor just last year , resulting in thousands of dead and maimed Lebanese civilians .
Of course , Gates would beg to differ .
When asked about Israel ’s nukes he said they posed no threat to the region .
Oh well .
At least he provided the delegates with a good chuckle by all accounts .
Linda S. Heard is a specialist writer on Middle East affairs .
( Gulf News )
Hewlett - Packard has announced it will install a 1 - megawatt solar array in its San Diego facility .
The installation will be made up of 5,000 panels on seven buildings .
It ’s a large solar array , but smaller than Google ’s 1.6 - megawatt solar array , which is thought to be the largest corporate installation to date in the United States .
SunPower will install its solar panels and sell the electricity the panels generate to HP at fixed rates under a power purchase agreement .
The system will save HP $ 750,000 over 15 years and offset 1 million pounds of carbon dioxide per year , the equivalent of taking 100 cars off the road each year .
A similar corporate solar rooftop installation
As part of the deal , HP employees are eligible for a $ 2,000 rebate for purchasing solar electric panels from SunPower , an amount that HP will match .
In Ireland , HP has contracted with wind developer Airtricity to purchase 80 gigawatt hours of renewable electricity in 2008 .
That arrangement will reduce HP ’s energy costs by $ 40,000 next year and eliminate the release of 40,000 tons of carbon dioxide , it said .
HP is considered a leader in environmental awareness and corporate social responsibility .
Last year , it bought 11 million kilowatt hours of renewable energy to fuel its operations .
Via : News .
Com
The Electric Sun / Earth Connection Confirmed
12/17/2007
By Michael Goodspeed
The day of this writing , December 13 , 2007 , is the 140th anniversary of the birth of the Norwegian - born physicist Kristian Birkeland .
It was Birkeland who correctly hypothesized in the early 20th century that electric currents from the Sun power the earth 's auroras .
For many decades , the scientific mainstream largely rejected Birkeland ’s thesis , favoring instead the idea that Earth 's magnetosphere is an impenetrable envelope , " squeezed " by the solar wind to induce auroral activity .
Only when satellites detected the magnetic signatures of electric currents in the aurora in 1973 was Birkeland 's hypothesis irrefutably validated -- though for another two decades many astronomers resisted the implications of this discovery .
In testing his ideas about the Earth / Sun connection , Birkeland built a vacuum chamber and placed a magnetized metal ball called a terrella inside it , representing the Earth .
He observed how the terrella behaved in its artificial , electrically charged atmosphere .
In addition to solving the riddle of Earth 's auroras , Birkeland 's electrical experiments also uncannily simulated planetary rings and the energetic displays of cometary jets .
Yet a full century later , astronomers continue to be mystified by these phenomena in space .
( To see Birkeland 's observations on the electrical properties of comets , published in 1913 , read " Comets : Kristian Birkeland 's theory " ) .
More than a century after Birkeland 's polar expedition to investigate the Northern Lights , mainstream scientists still express surprise or even astonishment when they observe the telltale signs of electrical circuitry connecting the earth and the Sun .
That is because they still cling to theoretical models that conceptually exclude the possibility of electrical circuits in space -- even when their models are refuted by new observations that they characterize ( and sometimes discard ) as " impossible . "
The disconnect between astronomical theory and discovery is in full display in the recent NASA press release , " NASA Spacecraft Make New Discoveries about Northern Lights " .
The report discusses the THEMIS spacecraft 's recent observations of " giant magnetic ropes that connect Earth 's upper atmosphere to the Sun and explosions in the outskirts of Earth 's magnetic field . "
Describing the THEMIS encounter with a " magnetic rope " NASA investigator Dave Sibeck states : " It was very large , about as wide as Earth , and located approximately 40,000 miles above Earth 's surface in a region called the magnetosphere . "
Investigators observed that the so - called rope " formed and unraveled in just a few minutes , providing a brief but significant conduit for solar wind energy .
Other ropes quickly followed : ' They seem to occur all the time , ' says Sibeck . "
Magnetic " ropes " ?
This expression begs the question of how the fluid dynamics envisioned by NASA can explain a " rope - like " structure that twists and changes dynamically , and extends all the way from Earth back to the Sun.
NASA scientists often use the phrase " flux ropes " to describe these twisted filamentary pathways traversed by charged particles .
But to electrical engineers , such terminology reveals a deep confusion among astronomers struggling to comprehend unexpected electrical activity .
Professor Donald E Scott , author of The Electric Sky , says , " Ropes , of course , have beginnings and ends .
Magnetic fields do not .
So this use of language from NASA fails to explain anything , and is conceptually wrong as well as misleading . "
( For a synopsis of Prof. Scott 's highly acclaimed book , see here ) .
The " ropes " to which the investigators refer are commonly described in plasma Science as electrical " Birkeland currents , " named after the aforementioned Kristian Birkeland .
The rope - like structure is not just a curiosity ; it is the structure taken by current flow due to the long - range attraction and short - range repulsion between current filaments .
The " twisted magnetic fields " are simply the signature of the electric current flow .
In plasma cosmology , these entwined plasma filaments act as transmission lines carrying " field - aligned " currents across interplanetary and interstellar space .
A layperson reading the NASA report might believe that the observation of these " ropes " is news -- as if they had never been seen before .
But Birkeland currents have been the object of plasma research for more than a century .
The term describes an electric current in a space plasma .
It is this function of plasma filaments that inspires Electric Universe proponents to assert , " There are no isolated islands in space ! "
However , the term " Birkeland current " has never been included in the mainstream astronomical lexicon .
Only in recent years have astronomers begrudgingly entertained the concept when evidence has allowed for no alternative .
The NASA report continues , " The mission is only beginning but THEMIS is already surprising us , " says Vassilis Angelopoulos the mission 's principal investigator at the University of California , Los Angeles .
The surprises for investigators began in March , when " a substorm erupted over Alaska and Canada , producing vivid auroras for more than two hours . "
The report reads : " Right away the substorm surprised investigators : ‘ The auroras surged westward twice as fast as anyone thought possible , crossing 15 degrees of longitude in less than one minute , ' says Angelopoulos .
The storm had traversed an entire polar time zone in 60 seconds flat !
" Also , ' the display was surprisingly bursty . '
Photographs taken by ground cameras and NASA 's Polar satellite ( also supporting the THEMIS mission ) revealed a series of staccato outbursts each lasting 10 minutes or so .
' Some of the bursts died out while others reinforced each other and went on to become major events . ' "
The energy of this two - hour outburst -- five hundred thousand billion Joules -- is roughly the energetic equivalent of a 5.5 magnitude earthquake .
In trying to discern " where does all that energy come from ? " NASA is left groping for explanations .
The language used by the investigators reveals their determination to avoid describing obviously electrical displays in terms of electrical circuitry .
Rather , they cling to ideas of mechanical " collisions " between magnetic structures -- without explaining how these structures can be magnetic in the absence of electricity -- somehow generating the observed energies .
The NASA report describes the " magnetic ropes " ( electrical Birkeland currents ) observed by THEMIS as " twisted bundle(s ) of magnetic fields organized much like the twisted hemp of a mariner 's rope . "
This description is colorful and poetic , but does it amount to a scientific explanation ?
Left unanswered is , how are the ropes created , and why do they twist ?
The report continues , " Spacecraft have detected hints of these ropes before , but a single spacecraft is insufficient to map their 3D structure .
THEMIS 's five satellites were able to perform the feat .
" THEMIS has also observed a number of relatively small explosions in Earth 's magnetic bow shock .
' The bow shock is like the bow wave in front of a boat , ' explains Sibeck .
' It is where the solar wind first feels the effects of Earth 's magnetic field . '
When a knot of magnetism within the solar wind hits the bow shock --' Bang ! ' he says .
' We get an explosion . ' "
Using such language to describe the electrical currents and powerful discharges from solar energy replaces the language of advanced plasma science with the mechanical language of wind and water .
Nowhere does the report mention the explosive potentials of the " double - layer , " a structure common to all plasma sheaths -- the cellular strictures , such as Earth ’s magnetosphere , around charged objects in a plasma .
A double - layer consists of two parallel layers of opposite electrical charge .
A catastrophic rise in voltage across the structure may result when flow is cut off .
This causes the double - layer to " explode " -- as observed when a circuit breaker is opened incorrectly .
The explosions THEMIS has observed are the predictable effects of instabilities in the interface of Earth ’s plasma sheath , and the out - flowing charged particles of the solar wind .
Clarity can be gained on many space phenomena , including unpredictable outbursts of comets , supernovae , and coronal mass ejections , if astronomers will consider the well - documented dynamics of electrical double - layer explosions .
The irony here is that by clinging to gravity - only dogma ( " no electricity in space " ! ) -- a dogma codified before we had the tools of modern plasma science -- mainstream astronomy has obstructed the path of scientific progress pioneered by Kristian Birkeland a century ago .
" It seems to be a natural consequence of our points of view to assume that the whole of space is filled with electrons and flying electric ions of all kinds . " -- Kristian Birkeland
______
For your best gateway to the Electric Universe , see Thunderbolts .info .
And for a highly - acclaimed 60 minute video introduction to the Electric Universe , see Thunderbolts of the Gods on Google Video .
Comment Tell A Friend Print Format Save Article
The Defense Ministry expects that increasing the size of Denmark 's contingent in Afghanistan will enable it to engage Taliban forces directly , said reports on Friday .
The ministry announced that it would deploy an extra 100 soldiers to the southern Afghanistan province of Helmand in October , bringing the total number of troops to 520 .
With the increase , the number of troops surpasses the highest number of troops Denmark had stationed in Iraq during its four - year mission there .
As in Iraq , Denmark serves under British command in Afghanistan .
And in addition to receiving reinforcements from home , the army will be given command over several British companies .
The extra troops will allow the army to directly engage rebel Taliban forces , according to Army spokesman .
The military has been given the task of restoring stability to the chaotic Helmand province .
The Danes have been given responsibility for patrolling the cities of Laskhar Gar and Gereskh , the two largest cities in the province .
Source : Xinhua
CS348B Spring 2007 Rendering Competition
The renderings below were created for the rendering competition in CS348B : Image Synthesis Techniques , taught by Pat Hanrahan in the Spring quarter of 2007 .
Kayvon Fatahalian was the TA for the class .
The competition was held on Monday , June 11th , 2007 .
See photos of the event here .
The distinguished judges for the competition were :
House prepares to file contempt charges against Bush aides Nick Juliano
Published : Wednesday January 16 , 2008
del.icio.us |
Print This Email This Activists wonder whether move will work Well - rested and back at work after a monthlong vacation , Congressional Democrats are preparing for a move in the House to approve criminal contempt citations against two Bush administration figures .
Democratic aides tell RAW STORY that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is preparing to bring the contempt citations passed by the Judiciary Committee to the full House for a vote .
Pelosi has not determined a date for a vote but is " pretty certain " to push forward the contempt charges against White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten and former counsel Harriet Miers , a leadership aide said .
Bolten and Miers refused to respond to Congressional subpoenas last year requesting their testimony and documents related to the federal prosecutor purge scandal that resulted in Alberto Gonzales stepping down as Attorney General .
The House Judiciary Committee approved the contempt charges in July and Pelosi and Committee Chairman John Conyers believed there were enough votes for the measure to pass the House in October .
Judiciary Committee Republicans on Wednesday sent a letter to Pelosi asking her not to pursue the criminal charges , arguing the attorney firing investigation so far has failed to demonstrate any malfeasance by the administration .
" Rather than conclude the investigation , Democrats now plan to take this meaningless pursuit one step further , " read the letter co-signed by ranking member Lamar Smith and nine other GOP judiciary panel members .
" Bringing contempt charges against Ms. Miers and Mr. Bolten is a waste of valuable time and would force a constitutional confrontation that is unwarranted . "
Activists who have been following the case are wary about whether the contempt citations would compel White House compliance with the congressional probe .
The Justice Department , under Gonzales , indicated it would not prosecute contempt charges against administration figures .
President Bush has invoked executive privilege in justifying his administration 's lack of cooperation .
" I would be surprised if [ new Attorney General Michael ]
Mukasey would take a different position ... since the Bush White House seems to be directing this , " Melanie Sloan , executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , told RAW STORY .
Sloan said the latest step from Congress may just be an opportunity to force current White House counsel Fred Fielding to moderate the administration 's position .
" When these things have happened in the past , people have eventually caved , " Sloan said , " and they 've worked it out . "
Democratic aides have previously said they do n't expect any Republicans to cross the aisle in voting for the contempt charges to be filed .
Sloan lamented that this issue seems to have become more focused on partisan politics than institutional prerogatives .
Regardless of political party , Congress need to be able to exercise its constitutional oversight , she said , and that includes calling on administration figures to testify .
" This is why everyone in Congress is so short - sighted .
...
What if it is a president of a different party ? " she said .
" You really think if we had Hillary Clinton as president and this was the situation , Republicans would n't be screaming ?
Of course they would . "
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
Can't have Sunday without a little William " the Bloody " Kristol bloviation .
Poor little Bloody Bill did n't like that NIE report , which directly contradicted all of his assertions and cheerleading for war with Iran .
Watch him spin the fact that once again he was wrong -- not a little wrong , but wrong on a potentially catastrophic level -- and try lamely to turn it into a positive :
I believe we invaded a neighboring country in 2003 and removed their dictator and that sent shock waves through the region and at the time people were quite worried .
Qaddafi gave up his program , he dismantled his .
We took it out .
Iran did n't dismantle anything .
That 's why they remain a threat .
They halted it , maybe they 've restarted it , maybe not .
This is yet another feather in the cap for the invasion of Iraq .
Oh , poor misguided , completely clueless Kristol .
Once again , you pull facts out of your posterior that probably sound correct to the average
Fox viewer , but here in the reality - based community , we know you 're just as wrong here as you 've been about basically every single thing that 's come out of your mouth .
Qaddafi did n't give up his program because we invaded Iraq .
Qaddafi signaled years ago that he was willing to negotiate and his eventual concessions came from years and years of concerted diplomatic effort .
You know , the kind your buddy Bush refused to do with Iran , leaving it to six other nations ?
And the unmitigated arrogance to assume that the every nation 's actions revolve around the U.S. approval shows how little you understand about anything outside your little bubble .
The nuclear program in Iran was shut down because the Iranian Supreme Leader felt that a nuclear program was not consistent with Islam .
That 's no feather in the cap , Billy Boy .
This is proof that once again , listening to anything you say just leaves you even less informed than before .
And yet , sadly , you 'll be back next Sunday being wrong again .
When an individual opts for VPS hosting , then he would like to have a lot of traffic on his website .
For this , there are many significant factors he has to take into account .
A factor which is quite remarkable that is not observed a lot but it should , when talking about SEO VPS hosting .
Web hosting providers play a vital role in the SEO success or failure of a website .
For website success , it should take into account that an individual should choose a web hosting provider with facilities which are must have while hosting .
SEO VPS Hosting Providers
An individual should consider four factors which are of utmost importance ; these are a speed of hosting , security given by hosting provider , uptime and after - sales support .
Prompt speed websites obtain an additional SEO advantage over sites that are not so quick .
Indeed , speed is one of the most important SEO factors that is known , so there is no doubt that it can affect the ranking of an individual website .
The speed of a website depends on many things , but it mostly depends on hosting provider .
Hosting provider should be well equipped with latest hardware and software to render prompt services to an individual & he can do the same further to achieve proper results .
Security– Websites hosted on servers should be well protected .
If it is not then data present on it is also not protected .
If data of a customer is not secured , then he will opt out in future .
It is better for an individual to choose a web hosting provider for his SEO VPS hosting secured with SSL certification .
Uptime–
There are hosting provider who does not consider uptime very seriously , but there are also hosting providers that endeavor to offer 100 % uptime .
Therefore for achieving target legitimately , an individual should opt for a web hosting company who offers at least 99 % or more uptime .
Concerning SEO if a website is always unavailable then it will result in a decrease of its ranking since it is not able to render a fruitful experience for its users .
Support– Support is quite an important factor to consider and is indirectly related to SEO .
An individual 's hosting provider should be able to help him with various issues related to website and server management that can many times relate to SEO .
Whenever an individual chooses a web hosting provider , then he should interrogate them legitimately about support .
Not only interrogate but is supposed to do proper research about the company .
Reviews can help an individual to select a right company for SEO VPS hosting .
Choosing a provider that has good support can make a lot of difference when a customer is in need of help .
Saving Money can Cost More
It will take time to find a right web hosting provider .
For doing this , a person should not think about spending a few more dollars per month on hosting .
It can make a big difference to the speed and usability of a website for both end users & administrator .
If a person is getting most out of it , then few more dollars should not affect him .
Decision
SEO VPS hosting is attainable for an individual if he does a proper search for right web hosting provider & calculates correctly for his business .
CAIRO , Egypt ( CNN ) --
Omar bin Laden has a message for his father , Osama : " Find another way . "
Omar bin Laden says he last saw his father in 2000 when the son decided to leave al Qaeda .
The son of the most - wanted man in the world spoke Sunday to CNN in a quiet , middle - class suburb about an hour outside Cairo , Egypt .
Omar bin Laden , who works as a contractor , said he is talking publicly because he wants an end to the violence his father has inspired -- violence that has killed innocent civilians in a spate of attacks around the world , including those of September 11 , 2001 .
" I try and say to my father : ' Try to find another way to help or find your goal .
This bomb , this weapons , it 's not good to use it for anybody , ' " he said in English learned in recent months from his British wife .
He said that 's not just his own message , but one that a friend of his father 's and other Muslims have expressed to him .
" They too say ... my father should change [ his ] way , " he said .
Watch whether Omar bin Laden thinks his father will ever be caught »
He said he has n't spoken to his father since 2000 , when he walked away from an al Qaeda training camp in Afghanistan with his father 's blessings .
He said he has no idea where his father is , but is confident he will never be caught because locals support him .
Asked if his father might be living along the Afghan - Pakistan border , he said , " Maybe , maybe not . "
" Either way , the people there are different , " he said .
" They do n't care about the government . "
Now , he and his wife are preparing to launch a movement far different from the one his father , Osama bin Laden , launched .
They are pursuing a movement for peace .
At first glance , Omar bin Laden appears to have little in common with the man who has eluded international efforts to find him .
The 26 - year - old 's hair is bound in neat braids , he drives a Jeep and is married to a British national twice his age .
But the physical resemblance quickly sinks in , even without the long beard his father favors .
It is a resemblance he does n't avoid .
" Being Osama 's son , I do n't hide it .
I do n't hide my name , " he said .
" I am proud by my name , but if you have a name like mine you will find people run away from you , are afraid of you . "
He said he does n't consider his father to be a terrorist .
When his father was fighting the Soviets , Washington considered him a hero , he said .
" Before they call it war ; now they call it terrorism , " he said .
He said his father believes his duty is to protect Muslims from attack .
" He believes this is his job -- to help the people , " he said .
" I do n't think my father is a terrorist because history tells you he 's not . "
However , Omar bin Laden -- who was 14 when he began training in al Qaeda camps -- said he differs greatly with his father over the killing of civilians .
Was 9/11 a just attack ?
" I do n't think 9/11 was right personally , but it happened , " he said .
" I do n't think ... [ the war ] in Vietnam was right .
I do n't think what 's going on in Palestine is right .
I do n't think what 's going on in Iraq is right .
" If we make what is right and not right , we will make a very big list , " he said .
He said he left al Qaeda because he did not want to be associated with killing civilians .
He said his father did not try to dissuade him from leaving al Qaeda .
" I told him I was going , and wanted to try life and see what it was like outside because , from a young age I was with my father , and I only saw and heard my father and his friends .
My father told me , ' If this is what your choice -- your decision -- is , what can I tell you ?
I like you to be with me , but this is your decision . ' "
Do n't Miss Bin Laden message has warnings for Iraq , Israel
Bin Laden message has warnings for Iraq , Israel Poll : Most Saudis oppose al Qaeda
So father and son went their separate ways .
But there has been no running from the bin Laden name , not after the events of September 11 .
On that day , Omar bin Laden was in Saudi Arabia , where 15 of the 19 hijackers were from .
Asked if , upon learning of the news , he knew his father had been behind it , he replied , " Yeah , maybe . "
He said he felt sadness for those killed .
" I do n't think 9/11 was right personally , " he said .
" I do n't agree with 9/11 or with any war where only civilians are dying . "
Asked why he did not protest more strongly his father 's role in the killing of civilians , he said it is up to the religious clerics close to his father to tell Osama bin Laden to change tactics in the name of Islam .
And even if that most unlikely scenario were to occur , he said , al Qaeda would not stop .
" My father does n't have the power to stop the movement at this moment . "
Sitting by his side throughout the hour - and - a - half interview was his wife , Zaina .
The two are organizing a multi- month horserace through North Africa in the name of peace , set to kick off this year .
But getting sponsors to line up behind the name bin Laden has been difficult .
" It would probably have been easier to do a race without having Omar 's name , but then the race would just be a race , it would n't be a race for peace , " his wife said .
Omar bin Laden said his relationship with his father was limited .
He is the fourth of 11 children born to his father 's first wife , and he is one of 19 children Osama bin Laden has fathered .
" Most of the time he busy , so busy , all the day he 's busy [ with ] his friends .
He was working a lot . "
Omar bin Laden is now undertaking perhaps an impossible task : trying to rebrand the name they share .
But he said he is not looking for approval from his father .
" My life , I take care of my life , " he said .
" My father he take care of his life . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Osama bin Laden • Al Qaeda
Most people cringe at the idea of hospitals , but some experiences are clearly worse than others .
To put the fear of God into anyone who might be hospital - bound , we rounded up a list of some of the most gruesome and vomit - inducing hospital scenes ever filmed .
Saw III
If there ’s any movie that will make you avoid hospitals like the plague , it ’s Saw III .
Everyone , no matter how strong - stomached , felt uneasy watching Jigsaw get open brain surgery with crude construction equipment .
The sound effects used for the sawing open of the skull and the draining of the blood made the scene so over - the - top gruesome that I did n’t even want to take Advil for a week , let alone visit an actual hospital .
Throw in some more scenes of Jigsaw coughing up blood , having seizures , and of course having his throat sawed in half by a circular saw and you ’ve got enough gore to make people try and rationalize “ just living with a gunshot wound ” in order to avoid going to the hospital .
Kill Bill
If you know someone who ’s going to be going under the knife sometime soon , do n’t watch Kill Bill until after everything goes , okay ?
In one scene , the main character goes in for surgery and ends up in a coma .
While she is there , the doctors responsible for her care sell her unconscious body to random people to have sex with .
That is , until she one day wakes up and attacks one man , killing him with hospital knives and crawls out the room in a bloody mess .
The thought of unscrupulous men nailing your unconscious loved ones should be enough to make you consider performing the surgery yourself .
The Dentist
Nobody likes going to the dentist , but you should be especially alarmed if your dentist is anything like Dr. Feinstone !
Stabbing your children in the gums , choking and molesting your gassed - up women , ripping perfectly healthy teeth out to loud opera music and more ; this dentist is not one to be trusted !
If you ’ve got a cavity or just a routine check up , this is the sort of movie that ’ll make you consider grabbing your old man ’s pliers and manning it out yourself !
Hostel
While Hostel is n't filmed in a hospital per se , many of the atrocities carried out against wayward tourists are performed with standard hospital equipment .
How would you like to wake up chained to a wall staring down a women hell - bent on separating you from your family jewels ?
How about having your eyeball ripped out of its socket while you are fully awake and conscious of what 's around you ?
Clearly , the life - saving tools we all depend on can become lethal weapons of death when they fall into the wrong hands !
Hard Candy
In this gut wrenching film , a child predator convinces a seemingly naive and innocent teenage girl to go back to his house with him .
He 's in for a rude awakening , however , when she knocks him unconscious and straps him to a table in his basement !
When he finally awakes , he sees that his molestation target has turned his basement into a makeshift hospital with the goal of castrating him by hand !
Consumed by terror , he looks down to find a bag of ice positioned on his lower extremities and spends the next agonizing 15 minutes begging and pleading for mercy .
But his cries are to no avail , and using hospital - issue scalpels and jars , this brave girl strikes a blow for child molestation victims everywhere .
Still , even the most stable of souls had a hard time keeping their eyes on the screen as the deed was done .
If scenes like this are n't enough to make you queasy at the sight of drills or knives , we do n't know what will !
Exclusive
For more than six months , beginning in January of this year , Wikipedia 's million - dollar check book was balanced by a convicted felon .
When Carolyn Bothwell Doran was hired as the Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) of the Florida - based Wikimedia Foundation , she had a criminal record in three other states - Virginia , Maryland , and Texas - and she was still on parole for a DUI ( driving under the influence of alcohol ) hit and run .
Her record also included convictions for passing bad checks , theft , petty larceny , additional DUIs , and unlawfully wounding her boyfriend with a gun shot to the chest .
Doran left the charitable Foundation in July this year , after another DUI arrest and a violation of her probation .
Our efforts to contact Doran were unsuccessful , and her lawyer declined to comment .
The Wikimedia Foundation did not officially announce Doran 's departure , even among the close - knit Wikipedia community .
In September , when chairman of the board Florence Devouard was publicly asked why Doran had left her post , she suggested that the decision was Doran's , and in an interview with The Register , the Foundation 's lawyer , Mike Godwin , was adamant that Doran resigned her post .
Godwin also said that he and the Foundation are still unaware of Doran 's criminal record : " We 've never had any documentation of any criminal record on Carolyn Doran 's part at all , " he told us .
" As far as I 'm concerned , I have no direct knowledge of [ her criminal record ] yet ... We have , in our records , no evidence of any such thing . "
Carolyn Doran , in a photo posted to Wikipedia
Meanwhile , an audit of the Foundation 's finances - which was originally due for release in September , according to the Foundation website - is still pending .
" We 've gone through a whole lot of growth over the last year , including staffing up , so our audit is in progress , " Godwin said .
" It 's very hard for us to give an exact ETA on it , but we expect it in a few weeks . "
He also said that the audit had been delayed by the Foundation 's planned move to San Francisco .
The Wikimedia Foundation relies on public contributions and grants to fund its operations , and all contributions qualify as charitable deductions .
If you enjoyed this illusion
( we initially created ) , feel
free to contribute something :
Two of the Fed ’s greatest leaders and keenest minds have crafted American monetary policy for most of the last three decades , and yet they could n’t be more different .
This is their story .
Vote postponed on contempt resolutions
A Senate Judiciary Committee vote on contempt resolutions against Karl Rove and White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten were postponed following an objection by Sen. Arlen Specter ( R - Pa . ) .
Under Judiciary Committe rules , the vote will be postponed for one week .
Rove and Bolten were subpoenaed as part of the committee 's investigation into the firing of nine U.S. Attorneys last year .
Citing executive privilege , President Bush has refused to allow top White House officials , including both current and former , from testifying before the House and Senate Judiciary committees , which have spent months looking into the firing of nine U.S. attorneys last year .
The House Judiciary Committee has already approved criminal contempt resolutions against Bolten and former White House Counsel Harriett Miers for refusing to comply with its subpoenas , but Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) has not yet set a floor vote on the measures .
Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy ( D - Vt. ) said Bush " has not accepted responsibility for the firings or given any indication that he was involved in the White House efforts to politicize federal law enforcement .
Instead , the White House line is that ' mistakes were made ' but that we , the Congress , are to blame for the [ former Attorney General Alberto ] Gonzales resignations .
Apparently , no one , least of all the president , is responsible , yet somehow executive privilege supposedly applies to cloak all White House activities and communication in regards to these firings affecting the independence and integrity of federal law enforcement from oversight . "
Leahy added : " Executive privilege should not be invoked to prevent investigations into wrongdoing , and certainly should not prevail . "
Draft contempt resolutions against Rove , former White House deputy chief of staff , released by the Senate Judiciary Committee this morning said " evidence accumulated from the testimony of nearly 20 current or former Justice Department officials and documents released by the department shows that White House political officials played a significant role in originating , developing , coordinating and implementing these unprecedented firings and the Justice Department 's response to congressional inquiries about them . "
Specter , who asked Leahy for a chance to revise the draft resoltions , warned that the whole matter could end in federal court , which is not something he wants to occur .
" It continues to be my hope that this matter could be resolved without litigation , " Specter said , although he added that he would back Leahy 's effort to enforce the committee 's subpoenas .
Dear U.S. Government : Please Get Your Preposterous Stories Straight
George Bush , yesterday :
DAVID GREGORY : When it came to Iran , you said in October , on October 17th , you warned about the prospect of World War III , when months before you made that statement , this intelligence about them suspending their weapons program back in '03 had already come to light to this administration .
So ca n't you be accused of hyping this threat ?
And do n't you worry that that undermines U.S. credibility ?
THE PRESIDENT : ... I was made aware of the NIE last week .
In August , I think it was Mike McConnell came in and said , we have some new information .
He did n't tell me what the information was ; he did tell me it was going to take a while to analyze ... it was n't until last week that I was briefed on the NIE that is now public .
National Security Advisor Stephen Hadley claimed much the same thing on Monday :
[ W ] hen the President was told that we had some additional information , he was basically told : stand down ; needs to be evaluated ; we 'll come to you and tell you what we think it means .
So this was basically -- as we said , this is information that came in the last few months , and the intelligence community spent a lot time to get on top of it .
As implausible as this seems , the Los Angeles Times reports that , according to " U.S. intelligence officials , " Bush was telling the truth :
The new intelligence was considered compelling enough to call it to Bush 's attention in August .
In a news conference at the White House on Tuesday , Bush said that the nation 's intelligence director , J. Michael McConnell , " came in and said , ' We have some new information . ' " Bush said that McConnell did not provide details ... The decision to hold those details back has come under question ... But U.S. intelligence officials said they felt compelled to employ that level of caution in part because of the searing experience surrounding the war in Iraq .
" Back in 2002 , one of the knocks on the process at the time was that information was not vetted by analysts and was being rushed into the Oval Office , " said the senior U.S. intelligence official ... This time , even as they vetted the new intelligence and launched into major revisions of the estimate on Iran 's nuclear program , intelligence officials said , they deliberately shielded analysts from administration officials and policymakers .
Yet this claim they were just working away without giving the Bush administration any hint of what they were up to is directly contradicted by a Washington Post story yesterday :
Senior officials said the latest conclusions grew out of a stream of information , beginning with a set of Iranian drawings obtained in 2004 and ending with the intercepted calls between Iranian military commanders , that steadily chipped away at the earlier assessment .
In one intercept , a senior Iranian military official was specifically overheard complaining that the nuclear program had been shuttered years earlier , according to a source familiar with the intelligence .
The intercept was one of more than 1,000 pieces of information cited in footnotes to the 150 - page classified version of the document , an official said .
Several of those involved in preparing the new assessment said that when intelligence officials began briefing senior members of the Bush administration on the intercepts , beginning in July , the policymakers expressed skepticism .
Several of the president 's top advisers suggested the intercepts were part of a clever Iranian deception campaign , the officials said .
So ..." senior members of the Bush administration " including the " president 's top advisers " were briefed " beginning in July " on the nitty - gritty of the new information , yet the Bush administration had no idea what was going on until last week .
Usually I 'd say this indicates the government is lying , but the Bush administration has demonstrated with their long record of integrity and frankness that they deserve every benefit of the doubt .
Posted at December 5 , 2007 06:06 PM
By Christian Fraser
BBC News , Rome
The protest cost £ 15,000
Authorities took several hours to clean it up - but the stunt has brought huge publicity to the man who staged it .
Visitors to the Spanish Steps on Wednesday were greeted by a rather peculiar sight .
For most of the morning street cleaners and smartly uniformed policemen were chasing little brightly coloured balls , armed with dustpans and brushes .
To everyone 's amazement half a million of these balls were suddenly bouncing down the steps .
Within minutes , the famed Piazza de Spagna resembled a children 's playground .
The joke was largely on the policemen .
Trevi Fountain
It was another colourful stand from Graziano Cecchini , a man who protests against government incompetence in the most unusual ways .
Last year he poured a dye into the Trevi Fountain , turning it red .
This latest stunt cost him £ 15,000 ( 20,000 euros ) - and probably a rather large fine .
Tourists grabbed the balls as mementoes at the base of the steps .
When Mr Cecchini finally appeared , walking down the steps with balls bouncing around him , he said he had done it to raise the profile of Burma and the Karen people .
The Karen are a minority who have fought for an independent state since 1949 , and accuse the military junta of ethnic cleansing .
The city 's head of security , Jean Leonard Touadi , said it was all quite unacceptable .
To err is human , he said , but to persevere is diabolical .
And to get publicity at the city 's cost was just not funny .
He is probably right - but then it does seem to work .
Search engine
Ask has come up with a new weapon in its battle to win more users : privacy .
The search website , which is owned by media mogul Barry Diller 's InterActive Corp , today announced the launch of a new online tool that helps surfers keep their internet search history private .
The system , called AskEraser , allows users delete any record of the searches they have made using the Ask site – including removing the information from the company 's servers .
The company 's rivals - such as Google and Yahoo - currently retain information on searches for as long as 18 months , but then anonymise that data or delete it entirely .
Ask , however , says it will take user considerations into account by allowing them to turn on extra privacy settings and delete such information immediately .
" For people who worry about their online privacy , AskEraser now gives them control of their search information , " said Jim Lanzone , the chief executive of Ask .
" We take significant steps to protect any data that 's stored in our servers , but for those people who want to take extra precautions AskEraser lets them take the issue completely off the table . "
" Race to the bottom "
Questions have been raised recently over the amount of information held by internet companies , with particular concerns over the influence of Google and social networking sites like Facebook .
Earlier this year Google was accused by lobby group Privacy International of leading a " race to the bottom " because of the vast amount of information it stores on users .
The criticisms came despite the company 's successful fight to protect user data after an approach by the US government to gain access to its databases .
Although Google recently changed its policies so that it retained anonymised search information , its proposed $ 3bn takeover of advertising company DoubleClick has seen more criticism .
The European Commission announced last month that it was to mount a detailed investigation into possible competition concerns over the deal .
Ask will be hoping that its new tactic – which was heralded by an anti-Google advertising campaign earlier this year – pays off .
According to recent figures ,
Ask is used for just 1 % of all internet searches around the world .
But privacy is becoming an increasingly important issue , say experts – thanks in particular to a series of British government data scandals .
" The computers that underpin online services have vastly superior recall , " said David Tansley , technology partner at Deloitte .
" Many internet users are probably aware that cookies keep a log of every site visited , but few surfers may be aware that until recently companies could hold on to such consumer data for decades . "
Jennifer looks at her old heart ( picture : Wellcome Trust )
Jennifer 's heart
Jennifer Sutton , 23 , from Ringwood , Hampshire , successfully underwent an operation to replace her heart earlier this year .
She had developed a life - threatening condition called restrictive cardiomyopathy in her teens .
Now the original heart , which nearly killed her , has been put on temporary display by the Wellcome Collection in central London .
The exhibition explores the medical and cultural significance of the heart .
Finally I can see this odd looking lump of muscle that has given me so much upset
Jennifer Sutton
Jennifer decided to lend her heart to the Collection after undergoing surgery at Papworth Hospital , Cambridge , in June .
She hopes to help increase public awareness about organ donation - and the disease that could have ended her life .
Emotional experience
She said : " Seeing my heart for the first time is an emotional and surreal experience .
" It caused me so much pain and turmoil when it was inside me .
Seeing it sitting here is extremely bizarre and very strange .
" Finally I can see this odd looking lump of muscle that has given me so much upset . "
Restrictive cardiomyopathy causes the heart muscle to stiffen so the heart cannot relax normally after contraction .
As the disease progresses , the heart muscle continues to stiffen and eventually contraction is also affected .
The disease eventually causes death and a transplant is the only cure .
Four out of 10 deaths in the UK are from heart and circulatory disease , according to the British Heart Foundation .
On average heart patients wait 103 days for a suitable organ to become available .
Last year 28 patients died while listed for a heart transplant .
The Wellcome exhibition , which runs until 16 September , includes work by artists Leonardo da Vinci and Andy Warhol , and the Egyptian Book of the Dead .
Well it appears that 2008 is going to be the year of the Apple documentary .
Last week I mentioned the upcoming MacHeads The Movie , and now comes Welcome To Macintosh .
It looks a little less fanatical than MacHeads .
There 's a trailer and teaser out , but I could only find the teaser on Youtube , so I have it posted after the jump .
The trailer is the good one though , so you 'll have to follow the link on the next page to watch that sucker , but it 's worth it .
Best line in the whole video , from an Apple employee :
The people on the outside think that it's like this wonderful World of Oz or Disney going on and all of us are just all these brilliant , amazing , happy people and like , it 's not , it 's like a sausage factory man -- you really do n't want to know how this stuff happens .
Oh my god !
He said Apple was a sausage factory !
I can't believe it .
I 'm totally pulling the job application I submitted .
I can't take a job in that kind of environment .
It 'd be like the college party I went to last weekend .
Tons of dudes , no chicks -- a total sausage factory .
Way suck .
The teaser video after the jump .
Hit the link at the bottom to see the trailer ( with sausage factory comparison ) .
Welcome To Macintosh Trailer
Well , now we get to see whether Senator Reid has bigger balls than George Bush .
I like Senator Reid , we have n’t been nearly as critical of him as some , but at this point , I ’d like to see some leadership .
I ’d like to see someone who is actually smarter , and tougher , than George Bush .
That is n’t asking for much .
But we have yet to see it .
If Bush wants to endanger the war on terror with a stroke of his pen , why is it so hard to understand that he will be the one paying the price .
He lies and lies and blusters and lies .
And all the Democrats do is cave .
The Democrats are n’t just sending the message that all you have to do is yell “ Osama ! ” and they ’ll cave .
Democrats are also sending the message that they are n’t willing to stick up for themselves , ever .
And as someone said to me about John Kerry right before the November 2004 election :
If he is n’t willing to defend himself , how is he going to defend my kids ?
The Democrats are defining themselves as their worst stereotype : weak - kneed wimps .
And in a time of war , let alone most other times , people do n’t vote for wimps .
Here is more on Bush now threatening a veto .
And here is Senator Reid ’s response he just issued :
If you thought that bikini jeans were something weird , than you ain't seen nothing , because the japanese have come up even more weird stuff - Underewear Bra & Shorts Phone Straps .
These may have been designed keeping in mind the market for kinky japanese .
I 'm sure japanese girls would love it , they wo n't have to parade around wearing this to showoff which color of undergarments they are wearing , because they are too shy to speak about it .
you can buy these from Strapyanext
Detailed talks with Tata are underway , says Ford Ford has confirmed that India 's Tata Motors will be the likely buyer of its UK - based Jaguar and Land Rover brands .
The US giant said it is now committed to negotiations " at a more detailed level " with Tata over the sale .
Ford announced in June last year that it intended to sell Jaguar and Land Rover as a joint package .
Tata first said it was interested in August .
Other parties still in the contest to buy the two car brands include private equity firm One Equity .
A spokesman for One Equity , a subsidiary of the US bank JP Morgan Chase , stressed to the BBC that Tata had not yet been granted exclusive rights to talk to Ford .
Another Indian company , Mahindra and Mahindra , has also been mentioned in press reports as a potential buyer .
' Substantive discussions '
" There is still considerable work to do and while no final decision has been made , we will proceed with further substantive discussions with Tata Motors over the forthcoming weeks , " said Lewis Booth , Ford executive vice president with responsibility for Ford Europe .
Jaguar is being sold together with Land Rover A Tata spokesman said the company had already " had positive discussions " with Ford .
" We are pleased by the progress in the discussions to date and very positive about the prospects of this business going forward , " he added .
A spokesman for the Business and Enterprise Department called the news " a welcome step towards resolving the uncertainty many Jaguar and Land Rover employees will have been feeling " .
Meanwhile , car workers ' union Unite joint general secretary Tony Woodley said : " We need further and more detailed meetings and discussions with Ford and Tata which will focus on the job security of our members in the Jaguar , Land Rover and Ford plants in the UK .
" There are also crucial issues around wages , terms and conditions and pensions to address before any final decision is considered , " he added .
Unite has previously said that Tata would be its preferred buyer for Jaguar and Land Rover .
' Underpin the future ' Tata could secure the future of Jaguar and Land Rover , said car magazine AutoExpress ' Dan Strong .
They are committed to building a range of cars that are a success across the world
Dan Strong , AutoExpress " India has a long relationship with the English car industry , and Tata have made approaches to other English firms in the past .
" They are committed to building a range of cars that are a success across the world , and with luck this will help to underpin the future of both those historic British brands , " he said .
Motor industry analysts had initially expected a private equity group to buy Jaguar and Land Rover .
Two other private equity firms said to have spoken to Ford are Apollo and Blackstone .
Yet commentators say the purchasing power of such private equity companies has been weakened by the global credit squeeze , which makes it more difficult and expensive for them to borrow the funds they rely on to fund their takeovers .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Willy the florist has had enough of his kingdom .
He is an unwilling subject of an unloved country .
A middle - class father of 12 - year - old twins running a thriving flower business in this small Dutch - speaking town on the eastern fringe of Brussels , Willy is reduced to obscene gesturing by the very mention of his country .
" Belgium ? " he splutters .
" That 's something that does n't exist .
The national anthem ?
Nobody knows it .
Nobody can sing it .
The king ?
A parvenu .
A dysfunctional family .
We 're not going to take it any more . "
Willy is Flemish and proud of it .
His native language is Dutch but like many Belgians he also speaks French and English .
When he goes into Brussels on business , he complains , they call him a racist if he speaks in his own tongue .
He says French - speaking nurses would n't help his Dutch - speaking boy in hospital recently .
And his comatose 80 - year - old neighbour who was rushed to hospital ?
Same story .
His wife did n't speak French and the doctors would n't speak Dutch .
And if Willy - " do n't use my full name , I 've got a business to run here " - needs to go to court , that too will be in Brussels and the judges will speak French .
" The Flemish have shut up for too long .
But now it 's come to the point where we 're not stupid any more .
This country 's sick .
It 's dying .
Not right away .
But it 's terminal .
Little by little , it 's over .
We will separate in the end . "
A whiff of the Balkans is wafting through the heart of the EU .
Belgium , a kingdom created by the great powers 177 years ago to keep the Dutch in their place and as a buffer between France and Germany , is falling apart .
It has always been a battlefield .
From Waterloo to Passchendaele and the Ardennes , the superpowers of their day brought their wars to Belgium .
Now Belgium is under attack from within .
" There 's no Belgian sentiment , " says Filip Dewinter , the leader of the Vlaams Belang party of extreme Flemish nationalists .
" There 's no Belgian language .
There 's no Belgian nation .
There 's no Belgian anything . "
Plausible
Earlier this week , Mr Dewinter tried to gather support for a referendum on independence for Flanders , the larger , wealthier northern part of Belgium .
His attempt in the Flemish parliament failed because the mainstream parties do not want to be associated with a party viewed as extremist , racist and rabble - rousing .
But opinion polls show support for an independent Flanders running at over 40 % and rising .
A country called Flanders is an entirely plausible prospect - a wealthy , successful , diligent country of six million .
A smaller version of Holland .
The mainstream Flemish parties currently struggling to form a government are also nationalist .
The crisis is a result of political failure and lack of leadership in a small country top - heavy with politicians .
In a Belgium of 10.5 million people , there are 11 parties in the national parliament .
Then there are another five parliaments organised on regional and linguistic criteria .
There is not a single national politician or leader ( bar King Albert ) or a single national political party that straddles the linguistic and cultural north - south divide between Flanders and the southern region of francophone Wallonia .
" I do n't know any federal state where you do n't have national parties .
Here the parties are purely local , " says André Sapir , head of the Bruegel think tank in Brussels .
" We are a federal state , but we have less and less of a common political framework . "
Defining " Belgianness " is becoming a sorry national sport with loyalists struggling to come up with unifying factors or symbols that reinforce national identity apart from the underwhelming national football team or the royal family .
Geert Beekkman , however , is a Fleming who prefers a united Belgium to an independent Flanders .
The air traffic controller at Brussels airport blames the crisis on the country 's elites .
" How can you divide a country of 10 million into two countries ?
And what do you do about Brussels ?
It 's the politicians .
They 've just decided it 's better to split the country . "
Indeed , it 's the political paralysis that is producing a Balkanised Belgium .
One hundred days after national elections , Belgium is rudderless , its rival Dutch - and French - speaking politicians unable to agree on a new coalition of Christian Democrats and Liberals .
The Flemish Christian Democrat leader , Yves Leterme , won the elections and should be the new prime minister .
But he is unacceptable to the Walloons because he is an ardent champion of greater autonomy for Flanders .
The Walloons want to keep Belgium because they get much more out of it .
The public sector is twice as big in Wallonia as in Flanders , unemployment at 17 % is also double the Flemish rate .
Flanders is wealthy , successful , bigger and votes for the right , complaining endlessly that it is being hobbled by transfers of public money to Wallonia , which is smaller , poorer and tends to vote for the left .
French - speaking socialists have run Wallonia for a long time ( although they lost in June ) and Flemish nationalists quip that Wallonia is the last Soviet republic in Europe .
Parallel worlds
The verbal abuse on both sides is turning nasty .
Many Flemish disparage the Walloons as lazy spongers who are too stupid to learn Dutch .
Historically , the French speakers were the Belgian elite , lording it over the Flemish whom they viewed as country bumpkins .
Beyond Brussels , the French - and the Dutch - speakers inhabit parallel worlds that rarely intersect or integrate .
The tectonic plates of Germanic and Latin Europe rub up against each other along the line that separates Flanders from Wallonia just south of Brussels .
The tremors are getting worse .
As the estrangement deepens , the city of Brussels runs in the opposite direction as Belgium 's melting pot , which immensely complicates the strategies of separatists .
The prospering EU capital is also home to Nato headquarters and a large immigrant population mainly from central Africa .
Historically , Brussels is a Flemish city , but now it is a large French - speaking enclave in Flanders .
If push comes to shove , neither side would surrender Brussels , fuelling talk of extra-territoriality , turning the city into a post-national " capital of Europe " .
" Brussels is the last obstacle , " says Bart De Wever , a Flemish party leader .
" We would have divorced years ago if it was n't for Brussels . "
Giuliani admits Florida loss could end his presidential bid January 22 , 2008 Rudy Giuliani admits that a loss in Florida 's primary this month will pretty much be the end of his presidential campaign .
Giuliani , once considered the front - runner for the GOP nomination , has failed miserably in his campaign finishing at or near the bottom of race so far .
WASHINGTON -- Republican presidential hopeful Rudy Giuliani said a loss in Florida 's primary this month could be " crippling " to his campaign .
Giuliani , once considered the front - runner for the GOP nomination , has finished last in five of the first six presidential - nominating contests and now lags in the national polls , The Washington Times reported Monday .
For the former New York mayor , the Sunshine State is " our home field , " he told the newspaper .
" It 's like going down to the fourth quarter :
You know you 're a really good fourth - quarter team -- you 've got to score three touchdowns , " Giuliani said .
" You know you can do it , but you also know everything 's got to go right for you .
" A loss , and a bad loss , could be crippling . "
Giuliani said in each of the state contests held to date , it has been a battle between two or three candidates , none of whom have been able to build lasting momentum following a win .
" The results in all the other primaries have created a wide - open field , and I think we get some help from that .
This is still a very wide - open race , " he said .
Biden : Rudy 's Sentences Consist Of " A Noun , A Verb , And 9/11 "
But the 9/11 scholars have no interest in such bonds , only in piling ever more malicious trivia on the memory of the dead .
That 's how far we 've fallen .
The first step back up lies in recognizing -- and accepting -- that a fact is a fact , whether we like it or not .
And beyond them are the highest group of all : the dead , to whom we owe all honor and respect .
That 's what they received from the unparalleled forensic investigation by more than a hundred specialists that identified all but one passenger from the scraps that remained .
That investigation should close the book on James Fetzer 's claims .
It wo n't , of course .
Such an investigation is carried out for one purpose above all : to demonstrate that the eternal chain binding the living and the dead cannot be severed even by an event such as 9/11 .
And beyond them , there is yet another group .
The officer told me of an acquaintance of his , a woman who married an old military friend , a friend who died in the attack .
She has never quite gotten over it , and nobody has the right to add any form of doubt to her burden of loss .
What he was saw was an American Airlines 757 .
Just like hundreds of other witnesses across the District -- air crewmen , reporters , secretaries , commuters .
It 's the testimony of these people , living , breathing eyewitnesses , that the conspiracy hounds seek to obscure with their showers of irrelevant , distorted , and bogus information .
One of the first messages I received after my response was posted was from a serving naval officer who was present at the Pentagon on 9/11 .
He was in the lobby of an adjacent building and he clearly saw the attack take place .
Saw the plane approach , saw it brush the antennas atop a nearby Sheraton , and continue on to plunge into the Pentagon .
But that 's the case with all of Prof.
James H. Fetzer , Ph.D 's claims .
Once you follow them back to a reputable source , you discover they 're not what you were told .
The words are different , the content unrelated .
The flight controller said no such thing .
The missing parts were in plain sight .
The secret airport is a thriving metropolitan hub .
The murder victim is up and walking around and talking to CBS .
After awhile you get used to it .
You stop thinking , ' Uh - - oh -- this does n't look good , ' and start looking forward with glee , eager to learn what little twist has been added this time .
And it 's a good thing you can view it that way , because otherwise you 'd get sick to your stomach .
In other words , the NTSB was in fact involved in the investigation of these events .
Not quite a lie perhaps , but very much the reason words like ' prevarication ' were coined .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 are under the jurisdiction of the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
The Safety Board provided requested technical assistance to the FBI , and any material generated by the NTSB is under the control of the FBI .
Colonel Nelson is once more trotted onstage to deliver the valediction in the form of an ominous contention that the National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB ) obligated ' under federal law ' to investigate all commercial air crashes , has failed to do so with the 9/11 disasters .
The NTSB website carries a table of all major recent investigations .
Halfway down we find four marked ' 9/11 ' .
When we click on those , we see this statement :
The rest is anticlimax .
' Neither of the massive engines was recovered at the Pentagon , ' the Chair tells us .
This photo says otherwise .
A correspondent has pointed out that the Flight 77 aircraft was not powered by either a Pratt & Whitney PW2037 or the PW2040 , but by Rolls Royce RB211--535E4
Bs , the turbine disk of which is a close match , as exhaustive research confirms , for the part in the photograph , the same possibility suggested by Dave Runyan .
( This is also an opportunity to thank another reader , who pointed out that the A - - 3 was actually powered by Pratt & Whitney J-- 57 P.10s , and not JT - - 8Ds , as the Professor asserts . )
( So why bother ?
Why put in the time and effort to refute all this ?
As a form of prophylaxis , in the hope that at least some of the gullible , naive , or ill - - informed may encounter this critique before they 're infected . )
It 's at points like this that you realize that the conspiracy impulse , the force that drives these people , cannot be countered by rational means .
A conspiracy in which the whistleblower is killed is one thing .
A conspiracy in which hundreds of others are killed , and the intended victim continues blithely on as if it had nothing at all to do with him ....
There 's no rational explanation for that .
And there 's no point in asking the Professor , the Colonel , or the staff of Portland Indymedia about it .
They 'll just start telling you about a screw that was found on the sidewalk in front of the Pentagon , that was used only in a single model of the Stearman 43 Biplane , made in one particular plant in 1938 , and that proves ....
Now how can this be ?
How can this man , the supposed prime target of the greatest conspiracy ever carried out this country , be out walking around , much less giving interviews to an alphabet network ?
How could they have missed him ?
Was he out getting coffee ?
Except that when I checked the story , to see if I could find anything at all that was n't sourced from Portland Indymedia , the first item in the queue was this : a CBS interview with Jack Minnerty , the accountant who blew the whistle on the DoD losses .
An interview made in February 2002 , nearly six months after 9/11 .
So obviously , as the Chair ' surmises ' , the entire conspiracy was carried out to kill the accounting team trying to track down that money .
They were the targets , the sole reason the Pentagon was attacked .
He 's almost certain it happened that way .
It seems that the day before , Monday September 10th , Donald Rumsfeld announced that the DoD had lost track of $ 2.6 trillion in appropriations , and that he intended to find out where it had gone .
But then , the next day ....
* The resurrected accountant marks another example of the Founder going off on a tangent , but that 's fine , because it gives him one more opportunity to shoot himself in the foot .
What I asked about was the irrationality of firing a missile at a target and then crashing a plane into it , as opposed to firing two missiles or crashing one plane .
The answer turns out to be the Chair 's explanation for the entire conspiracy .
An odd statement coming from a man whose case all along is that no passengers were ever involved .
That 's what a police detective would call a ' tell ' .
The Professor 's lucky I 'm not a detective , do n't you agree ?
' Shooting it [ the airliner ] down , ' writes the McKnight Professor , ' would be the obvious thing to do .
You would lose all the passengers and the plane , but you would not also lose the personnel and property at the target . '
In any case , it 's irrelevant to the issue , and would amount to simply another worthless factoid , except for one curious little slip .
The Chair ignores all this history in favor of giving us a conversation between Richard Cheney and an aide overheard by Norman Mineta , author of our current anti--profiling policy .
The exchange took place at the White House , not the Pentagon , does not mention aircraft , or defenses , or anything related , and , knowing the Founder 's way with a quote , may well have been somewhat different that what 's presented here .
How do we know that it went into effect at the Pentagon ?
Easy -- that was where McNamara worked .
Readers who find this strategy utterly insane will not be surprised to learn that it was overseen by Robert S. McNamara , who also gave us the Edsel and Vietnam .
It was instituted all the same , and the expensive defense systems were allowed to deteriorate until today little is left other than part -- time Air National Guard units .
Today this structure has vanished , and has never been replaced , due in large part to reliance on a theory of nuclear strategy called Mutual Assured Destruction ( MAD ) , which contended that the way to maintain a stable nuclear balance was to eschew defenses and accept the fact that a nuclear strike would result in complete annihilation of both sides .
Fear of destruction would then militate against a strike by either side ( In truth , the USSR never accepted MAD , and even today , Russia 's air defenses remain formidable . )
In the late 1950s , the U.S. had complete radar coverage of northern and coastal approaches .
All major metro areas were ringed by Nike Ajax and Nike Hercules missile batteries .
The country 's northen tier was dotted with Air Defense Command bases equipped with thousands of fast interceptors .
All this was coordinated by a nationwide data exchange system , one of the first military computer networks , an early ancestor of the Internet .
In my previous response , I gave a reasonably detailed short history as to why the U.S. has lacked comprehensive air defenses for 28 years .
Instead of repeating that , I 'll go into the reasons why it happened .
* ' If the Pentagon is not one of the , if not the , most heavily defended buildings in the world , I 'll eat my hat . '
Well , you all heard him .
In fact , what the Chair 's aerodynamicist has proven is that no aircraft of any kind , 757 or A - - 3 , could have crashed into the Pentagon .
The aerodynamic forces on either jet would be the same , and so would the result .
If the 757 could n't quite make it to the Pentagon without being brought down by gas , neither could the A - - 3 .
This is yet another serious contradiction to add to the two in his previous effort -- the implication that the A - - 3 would n't shed its wings the same as the 757 , and the puzzle as to how the A - - 3 was rendered nearly invisible to the Pentagon parking lot camera .
Neither of these contradictions has ever been answered , or even so much as addressed .
I do n't anticipate this one will be either .
Eyewitness testimony states that the plane attacking the Pentagon nearly clipped the roof of a nearby Sheraton coming in .
This puts its altitude at a good hundred - - twenty feet + in the last moments of approach .
The 757 was at extreme low altitude only during the final fleeting seconds of flight , moving far too quickly for aerodynamic forces to take effect .
So much for the Professor 's gas attack .
Anybody who has ever seen a cropduster zipping around 5 or 6 feet above the ground will view this explanation with skepticism .
Compression at low altitudes may have some effect on performance , but does not render flight impossible .
The notorious F -- 111 , no small aircraft , was in fact designed to operate at high speed at low levels , through use of a terrain -- following radar which kept it at a steady twenty - - odd feet above the ground .
Though it had its drawbacks , the F - - 111 had no problems with gas that I 'm aware of .
* The Chair contends that aerodynamic forces ( or as he so poetically put it , the ' aerodynamics of flight ' ) render it impossible to fly at high speed at low levels .
How does he explain this ?
He gives us a bubble of gas .
This ' gas bubble ' ( by which I 'm sure he means the wave front of compressed air preceding an aircraft in its flight path ) prevents an airplane from settling close to the ground -- 15 feet or so for a Cessna , 60 feet for an sizable airliner .
Note 51 , if it 's at all typical , is an indictment of the McKnight Professor 's method , procedures , and results .
I do n't read the Tattler .
I do n't read the Enquirer , and I 'm not going to read any of those studies either .
Academic sourcing has been a mature system for well over a century .
You are required to refer the reader to an acknowledged authority , someone with unquestioned stature in a particular field .
Not Arthur Bell , Michael Savage , or Paris Hilton .
( Leopold von Ranke , the father of modern historiography , is even stricter -- in his system , sources are limited to documents , and not individuals with possible agendas or faulty memories .
It 's a mercy von Ranke died in 1886 .
If he 'd ever encountered the Net , he'd have thrown himself off a bridge . )
Now , when you access Portland Indymedia , you find the typical Internet nut site devoted in large part to conspiracy theories just like this one .
When I wrote , '... none of this ' I saw it someplace on the Net ' stuff , ' in my original response , this is exactly what I was talking about .
* Throughout this response , the Founder and Co-- Chair calls my attention to numerous studies and sources , which if read would cause the scales to fall from my eyes .
With ' Note 51 " , he gives us an example of what he means .
' Note 51 " sources one of his arguments .
And what does it refer us to ?
The American Journal of Metallurgy ?
Jane 's World Weapon Systems ?
Kant 's Critique of Pure Reason ?
No -- it sends us to http://portland.indymedia.org/en/2005/05/318250.shtml
So much for the French contribution .
I 'm certain the Chair would admit this ' has some support ' .
So we 'll move on .
Fair question , I thought , until I went on two or three pages and came across this : WHY DID TRUCKS DUMP LARGE LOADS OF SAND AT THE SITE WITHIN HOURS OF THE CRASH ?
But before that , he had a web site setting forth his thesis .
It was an interesting site , with each page featuring a bold -- faced question about the attack beneath a usually unrelated photograph ( Thierry Meyssan 's version of the Socratic Method , I assume ) .
I never did get through the whole thing , after encountering a page where the question read : WHY WAS THERE NO SIGN OF JET FUEL AT THE CRASH SITE ?
* Thierry Meyssan , brought up to lend weight to the Chair 's contentions , is the French left -- wing activist ( media claims that he's a philosophy professor are false ) responsible for triggering 9/11 conspiracy fever in the first place .
Within days of the attack , he had accused the U.S. government of complicity .
His book , L'effroyable -- imposture ( The Frightening Fraud , published in the U.S. as 9/11 : The Big Lie ) is a pioneering 9/11 conspiracy text which has of course been superseded by the thoroughgoing and professional work of the 9/11 Scholars .
Without the A - - 3 , the conspiracy falls apart , which is why the Professor Emeritus lapses into a paragraph of doubletalk about the A - - 4 , which was brought up in the first place only to underline how confused the 9/11 Scholars actually are .
They 're still confused .
He does n't want to admit it because if the A - - 3 goes , so does most of his argument .
With the A - - 3 gone , then there was no tiny silhouette of an airplane on the video , no missile was ever fired , there are no anomalous engine parts , no radar contradictions , no sinister doings at Western airports .
In fact we have nothing at all , since with the A - - 3 vanished , the rest of the nonsense blows away like so much tinsel .
There was never any purpose for any of it except as a frame in which the place the central element .
This , according to the Chair , is ' a criticism for which there is support ' , which is a weaselly academic method of saying ' I was wrong . '
' A - - 3 , fighter or bomber ' is a true or false , yes or no , 1 or 0 question .
There is no ambiguity involved .
We are not living in a quantum universe where a thing can be a 78 - - foot bomber and small fighter at the same time , a la Schrodinger 's Cat .
The McKnight Professor was wrong , and he does n't want to admit it .
* Now here 's the claim that kicked things off in the first place : the ineffable nature of the A - - 3 Skywarrior : tiny fighter plane , or thirty -- five ton twin -- engine strategic bomber ?
It 's hard to tell sometimes .
I mean , have you ever been confused between a eighteen -- wheel semi and a Volvo ?
Sure you have .
They can fool you .
" I saw the marks of the plane wing on the face of the building .
I picked up parts of the plane with the airline markings on them .
I held in my hand the tail section of the plane , and I found the black box ...
I held parts of uniforms from crew members in my hands , including body parts .
Okay ? "
All this despite being confronted with a photograph of a recognizable piece of sheet metal in American Airlines colors within a stone 's throw of the Pentagon , one of hundreds available on the Net .
No , we 're instead supposed to rely on the word of Colonel George Nelson , USAF ( retired ) , an air crash expert who insists no parts were found even though he was n't on the spot and never visited the site .
If he had , he might have come across fellow investigator Allyn Kilsheimer who was on site , and who said ,
* The wings , tailplane , rudder and so forth would have peeled off on impact .
But no pieces were found , the Co--Chair contends .
Not in Washington , not in Skanksville , PA , not in Manhattan .
( Sounds like he 's saying no planes crashed anywhere on 9/11 , does n't it ? )
Well , very conveniently enough , here 's a incredible video of a test in which an F - - 4 Phantom is rammed , at exactly 500 mph , into a reinforced concrete wall representing the containment shell of a nuclear reactor .
The Phantom utterly disintegrates -- there 's nothing but small pieces left .
While that may not quite be vaporization , it will do .
* Next we return to the bodies , luggage , seats , etc. , which the Founder and Co--Chair insists would have been scattered here and there around the crash site .
Not after a 500 + impact with reinforced concrete , said I , to which he now answers , ' Dunn thus embraces the ( very convenient ) " vaporization " hypothesis , which alleges that the plane simply disappeared upon impact . '
I do n't know anything about Longspaugh , but if he 's hooked up with Dewdney , maybe he needs a lawyer too .
So this must be the same A.K. Dewdney who was ripped up , down , and sideways by Mark Steyn in his Macleans review , ' Call me Crazy .
I Blame the Terrorists ' to a point where Dewdney began bleating about ' consulting with legal authorities ' .
I 'm not going to try to surpass the master here ; read it and see how the pompous are dealt with in the Great White North .
He goes on to discuss another hole somewhere else in the building , along with a paragraph concerning internal building supports , all of which is pure blizzardry , having precisely nothing at to do with the original question .
His source for much of this material is a study by A.K. Dewdney and G.W. Longspaugh .
Now , A.K. Dewdney is a distinctive name .
He himself says as much on his personal web site , pointing out that the ' K ' stands for ' Keewatin ' , Ojibway for ' North Wind ' .
( My middle initial stands for ' Richard ' , which is ancient Celtic for ' Chastiser of Academic Poseurs ' . )
The 757 fuselage is twelve feet wide , which I believe would fit into a sixteen -- foot hole without too much of a stretch .
So what point he 's trying to make here , I am not at all sure .
I know he 's not agreeing , but beyond that , I can not say .
* The Professor Emeritus once again kicks things off by questioning the size of the hole in the Pentagon , which has been transformed this time into an ' impact point ' .
The 9/11 Commission Report puts the hole 's size at seventy -- five feet .
Not so , insists the Chair .
He saw a photo somewhere or other that suggested it was only sixteen feet wide .
But that , needless to say , is why we 're here .
So let 's strap on the plow , put the four -- wheel in gear , and roll on into the blizzard .
As they say in the legal profession , silence implies acquiescence .
If the Endowed Chair can't answer those points , he has to accept them .
Even if in accepting them , he 's effectively blowing holes in the rest of his argument .
* Flight 77's engine dimensions --
The dimensions of the wrecked engines found in the Pentagon were claimed to be too small for a 757's turbofans , ignoring the fact that they 'd just been rammed though a six -- foot thick reinforced concrete wall at 500 mph +.
Out .
( Dave Runyan settles this question to my satisfaction is his superb ' Some Basics About Jet Engines and 9/11 Conspiracy Theories " )
* Ft. Collins -- Loveland Municipal airport -- the airport , characterized as an isolated field suitable as the setting for a conspiracy , turned out to be smack dab in the middle of a metropolitan area with a population of 250,000 +.
Unmentioned .
* Flight controller Danielle O'Brien --
The Professor argued that O'Brien had identified Flight 77 as a military aircraft .
Her own testimony ( linked in my previous entry ) reveals she did no such thing .
Out in toto .
Because that 's not the way James H. Fetzer , Ph.D , McKnight University Professor Emeritus , Founder and Co--chair of the Scholars for 9/11 Truth , does things .
What he does , and what we have been presented with , is repetition .
A repetition of his first response , with the pedal jammed to the floor .
A response in which the factoid storm , already thick enough in the first place , has increased to blizzard strength .
That 's not what we have here , needless to say .
I admit I was n't really expecting it either .
At the end of my first response I set certain conditions .
Any commentary was to be a logical , succinct , and coherent analysis of every statement I have made here , and in my article as well , following the example I have given you .
I have no interest in any more factoids , none of this ' I saw it someplace on the Net ' stuff .
Fully sourced , fully researched material -- that is the minimum acceptable response .
During the L.A. ' American Scholars Symposium ' held on 24-- 25 June 2006 , Dylan Avery showed me the FAA raw data on the planes from all four locations .
There was a series of blank spaces where that data should have been recorded .
Perhaps
Dunn finds this absence of evidence further " proof " that the official account is correct .
More could be said by way of response , but perhaps I have said enough .
It should be apparent that bias and ignorance are indeed thematic in what he has written , but perhaps not quite the way he intended .
Colonel Nelson has observed that , under federal law , the NTSB has an obligation to investigate crashes involving commercial airliners .
Four allegedly occurred on 9/11 , yet the NTSB has investigated none .
Photos abound of commercial airplane crashes around the globe , which can be found via google .
Both the Pentagon site and the Shanksville site appear to be distinctive by the almost complete absence of debris of appropriate kinds and quantities .
Neither of the massive engines was recovered at the Pentagon .
Perhaps
Dunn will reassure us that they , too , were simply vaporized !
The West Wing was a peculiar choice for a terrorist attack , since it was in the final stages of reconstruction and was largely bereft of personnel and records .
But one team that occupied that space was a group of accountants , auditors , and budget experts who were , I would surmise , attempting to track that missing $ 2.3 trillion .
The impact of the plane could not be guaranteed to kill them .
Sending a missile would take them by surprise and could be more carefully targeted .
So maybe there is a rational explanation , after all .
an interesting question I am glad to address .
The day before 9/11 , Donald Rumsfeld had reported to Congress that the Pentagon had lost track of $ 2.3 trillion .
It was a Monday , which was odd , since experienced politicians learn to release bad news on Fridays in the expectation they will be lost over the weekend .
But that did not happen in this case .
Indeed , most of us still do n't know about it .
But the order had to have been to not shoot down the approaching aircraft .
Shooting it down would be the obvious thing to do .
You would lose all the passengers and the plane , but you would not also lose the personnel and property at the target .
And if the order had been to shoot it down , it would have been shot down .
But it was not .
His testimony was so explosive that the 9/11 Commission buried it .
' Of course the orders still stand ' , he said .
' Have you heard anything different ? '
If the Pentagon is not one of the , if not the , most heavily defended buildings in the world , I 'll eat my hat .
This guy even appears to be oblivious of the sworn testimony of Norman Mineta , Secretary of Transportation , to the 9/11 Commission about observing a young aide approach the Vice President , in command at an underground bunker beneath the White House .
Dunn tries to shrug this point off , as though the discovery that the official account violates laws of aerodynamics is unimportant .
He says that , if this argument were valid ( he means ' sound ) , then 'no airplane has ever successfully landed . '
But of course the size of the air pocket diminishes as the speed of the aircraft drops , which is an important reason why aircraft must slow down as they descend for it to be possible for them to land .
Dunn 's ignorance is showing .
A pilot and aeronautical engineer has explained to me that , at full throttle , a Cessna could not fly lower than 15 feet to the ground and that a Boeing 757 , at around 500 miles per hour , would be unable to get closer than about 60 feet from the ground .
This means that it would have been aerodynamically impossible for the alleged plane to have taken the alleged flight trajectory .
And there is no evidence of the kind of crater that would have been created by any trajectory that was not parallel to the ground .
There is nothing to support it .
The government has no sustainable alternatives .
The point I was making , which he did not understand , is that when a plane is in flight , it builds up a body of compressed gas beneath its wings and fuselage .
The dimensions of this compressed gas , a pocket of air , depends upon the speed of the aircraft .
Even a small plane , such as a Cessna , at full throttle would be unable to come as close to skimming the ground as the Boeing is said to have traveled .
Indeed , it is so close that the engines might be expected to have plowed massive furrows in the lawn , which remained unblemished .
The point I make about aerodynamic impossibility must have been too much for him to handle .
Certainly , attacking the phrase , ' the aerodynamics of flight ' , on the ground that it is redundant is silly in the extreme .
Has he never heard of ' the experience of flight ' , ' the aesthetics of flight ' , or ' the joy of flight ' ?
For a former editor of the International Military Encyclopedia , he appears not only to have a severely limited grasp of language but to be seriously uninformed .
Personally , if I had seen numbers that corresponded to footnotes , when I was drafting an assault of this kind , I would have made an effort to track them down .
Then he would have at least understood that I was not making this up out of whole cloth but reporting what had been previously published elsewhere .
Note 51 , for example , explained the following point , ' The workers ' reports about these activities may be read at " Secret Global Hawk Refit for Sky Warrior ! " .
A lot of his objections derive from his failure to read the study on which my position is based .
If he had , he would have found the answers to his questions about the engine part and the argument from dimensions , which derives from the study by Dewdney and Longspaugh cited above .
He disputes what I report about A - - 3s being retrofitted with updated missiles , Raytheon 's Global Hawk unmanned aerial vehicle ( UAV ) remote control systems , and new engines , which could have been of the same type as the originals .
His thinking here , as elsewhere , is sloppy and affected by emotion .
What he does n't understand is that , if what hit the Pentagon was either an A - - 3 Sky Warrior or an A - - 4 Sky Hawk , it was n't a Boeing 757 !
Our negative critique of what the government has claimed stands even if our positive account of what may have hit instead requires revision .
If it was an A - - 4 , that 's fine with me .
Anyone who is rational in their beliefs accepts , rejects , and suspends beliefs on the basis of the available relevant evidence .
As new evidence becomes available , revisions may be appropriate .
" But it 's too late now -- you 've constructed your case around the A - - 3 , and you 'll have to live with it . '
Dunn is convinced that I have confused the A - - 3 Sky Warrior with the A - - 4 Skyhawk , which had a similar name and designation , the same manufacturer , and was rather small for a modern military aircraft .
Dunn suggests that the A - - 3 is not a small fighter jet but a twin -- engine bomber , a criticism for which there is support .
( See this , for example , .)
But the key point is that it is much smaller than any Boeing 757 .
I am hardly the first person to observe that the absence of debris from a 757 provides proof that a 757 never hit the building .
Check out " Hunt the Boeing " , for example , or the books by Thierry Meyssan , Pentagate and 9/11 : The Big Lie , which Dunn probably has n't read .
The first of the five frames that the Pentagon originally released , which has the time stamp 17:32:19 , shows what appears to be the silhouette of an aircraft just above the gate mechanism as well as a plume of white smoke that seems to be coming from a missile it is in the process of launching .
Dunn seems to know he is on thin ice here , since he says it should have been more distinct .
But what is striking is that even the Pentagon identified it as a plane .
Indeed , the word " plane " occurs on the frame itself !
It is quite evident that this ' plane ' does not approximate the dimensions of a Boeing 757 .
This might be forceful against the A - - 3 alternative , if it were true , but it does nothing to diminish the video 's impact on the official account .
" The A - - 3 should have showed up too -- and not as a scarcely - - visible ' outline ' owing more to the imagination than anything else , either . "
Dunn appears to acknowledge that a Boeing 757 , at 155 feet long , which makes it twice as long as the building is tall , is not apparent on the videotape and offers the counterargument that , since an A - - 3 is 78 feet long , a little over half that size , it should have appeared on the video , too .
He claims this is a contradiction :
The photos Dunn claims to be " readily available " certainly do not show parts that could be unambiguously identified as having come from a Boeing 757 .
On the contrary , as Colonel George Nelson , USAF ( retired ) , an air crash expert , has observed in " Impossible to Prove a Falsehood True " on st911.org , these planes have many time -- sensitive and uniquely identifiable parts that could readily provide proof of the specific plane that hit the Twin Towers , the Pentagon , and Shanksville .
None of them has ever been produced .
Dewdney and Longspaugh discuss the damage to support columns within the Pentagon and conclude that it is consistent with a smaller aircraft but not a Boeing 757 .
They comment on another study by a group of Purdue engineers , for example , in passing .
In conducting their study , the Purdue group left out consideration of the engines , which is a curious omission .
With or without engines , it is difficult to imagine how this kind of damage would have been possible if the plane had vaporized upon impact .
" As for luggage , bodies , seats ... be serious .
Do you have any idea what happens when an object strikes six feet of reinforced concrete at 500 mph +?
They were crushed , shredded , and then incinerated , within a matter of seconds .
How much do you think was left ? "
" The wings , tailplane ( sic ) , and rudder are irrelevant , being merely sheet metal that sheered off on impact , as is clearly revealed by photos of the site , which are readily available to anyone who cares to look .
This point has been made dozens of times , in the 9 -- 11 Commission Report and elsewhere , and you have no excuse for not knowing it . "
" There is also substantial debris from a much smaller jet -- powered aircraft inside the building . "
They conclude with a " high degree " of certainty that no Boeing 757 struck the Pentagon and with a " substantial degree " of certainty that it was struck by a small jet , like an F - - 16 . "
Dewdney is a mathematician and computer scientist from Canada , while Longspaugh is an aerospace engineer who makes his home in Fort Worth .
They also found ,
" The initial ( pre--collapse ) hole made by the alleged impact on the ground floor of Wedge One of the building is too small to admit an entire Boeing 757 " and " Wings that should have been sheered off by the impact are entirely absent . "
According to A. K. Dewdney and G. W. Longspaugh , the maximum diameter of the fuselage is about 12 feet , 4 inches , with a wingspan of 125 feet .
They found ,
Another photograph suggests that the width may even have been considerably less than 16 or17 feet , perhaps much closer to 10 feet , but it appears to be of two windows that were blown out of the second floor instead of the actual impact point on the ground floor .
Notice several unbroken windows in the impact area and the lack of collateral damage .
But this second floor window was not where it hit .
Dunn maintains , in response to my first bullet , that the impact point was seventy -- five feet wide , large enough to accommodate a 757's fuselage , which is only twelve feet wide .
A photograph of the initial point of impact , before the upper floors collapsed , is archived here .
The opening appears to be about 10 feet high and roughly 16 or 17 feet wide , or not much larger than the double -- doors on a mansion .
It is rather difficult to see how a Boeing 757 could have fit through that hole .
The theme of Dunn 's original was that the media has fallen short of its duties by its own ignorance as well as bias .
Since a lot of what he has said in that piece and this one reeks of hostility and venom , massive bias permeates what he has written .
It might have been a good idea if he had actually read the study I cited , " Thinking about ' Conspiracy Theories ' " , archived at st911.org , but that apparently would have been too much bother .
The editors did no better or they might have had reservations about rushing more drivel into print .
Here I divide my comments by negative arguments against a Boeing 757 having hit the Pentagon , positive arguments that it may have been an A - - 3 Sky Warrior , and concluding reflections .
Thanks to the editors for extending an invitation to respond to the new heap of intellectual rubbish that J.R. Dunn is shoveling ( ' 9/11 a Hoax ?
J.R. Dunn responds ' , American Thinker , 18 September 2006 ) .
While I appreciated their publishing my reply ( and catching two trivial mistakes ) , I would have appreciated it more if they had noticed that they had divided the second of three paragraphs I was citing from an earlier study of mine and not made the third appear to be new material ( compare st911.org ) .
I think it should have been obvious , since the first two included references to notes 50 and 51 , while the third included notes 52 and 53 .
But it may be that I inadvertently left a ' return ' that the editors did not realize did not belong there .
[ editor 's note : the paragraph has been indented in our archive copy ]
Editor 's Note : Following publication of J.R. Dunn 's article ' Conspiracy Theories and Media Ignorance ' , American Thinker published a response one of the principal conspiracy theorists , Prof. James H. Fetzer , and a rejoinder from Mr. Dunn .
Today , we present a second and concluding round of response and rejoinder from the two authors .
Professor Fetzer
9/11 : Bias and Ignorance in AMERICAN THINKER
James H. Fetzer
Thanks to the editors for extending an invitation to respond to the new heap of intellectual rubbish that J.R. Dunn is shoveling ( ' 9/11 a Hoax ?
J.R. Dunn responds ' , American Thinker , 18 September 2006 ) .
While I appreciated their publishing my reply ( and catching two trivial mistakes ) , I would have appreciated it more if they had noticed that they had divided the second of three paragraphs I was citing from an earlier study of mine and not made the third appear to be new material ( compare st911.org ) .
I think it should have been obvious , since the first two included references to notes 50 and 51 , while the third included notes 52 and 53 .
But it may be that I inadvertently left a ' return ' that the editors did not realize did not belong there .
[ editor 's note : the paragraph has been indented in our archive copy ]
The theme of Dunn 's original was that the media has fallen short of its duties by its own ignorance as well as bias .
Since a lot of what he has said in that piece and this one reeks of hostility and venom , massive bias permeates what he has written .
It might have been a good idea if he had actually read the study I cited , " Thinking about ' Conspiracy Theories ' " , archived at st911.org , but that apparently would have been too much bother .
The editors did no better or they might have had reservations about rushing more drivel into print .
Here I divide my comments by negative arguments against a Boeing 757 having hit the Pentagon , positive arguments that it may have been an A - - 3 Sky Warrior , and concluding reflections .
The Negative Arguments
Dunn maintains , in response to my first bullet , that the impact point was seventy -- five feet wide , large enough to accommodate a 757's fuselage , which is only twelve feet wide .
A photograph of the initial point of impact , before the upper floors collapsed , is archived here .
The opening appears to be about 10 feet high and roughly 16 or 17 feet wide , or not much larger than the double -- doors on a mansion .
It is rather difficult to see how a Boeing 757 could have fit through that hole .
Another photograph suggests that the width may even have been considerably less than 16 or17 feet , perhaps much closer to 10 feet , but it appears to be of two windows that were blown out of the second floor instead of the actual impact point on the ground floor .
Notice several unbroken windows in the impact area and the lack of collateral damage .
But this second floor window was not where it hit .
According to A. K. Dewdney and G. W. Longspaugh , the maximum diameter of the fuselage is about 12 feet , 4 inches , with a wingspan of 125 feet .
They found ,
" The initial ( pre--collapse ) hole made by the alleged impact on the ground floor of Wedge One of the building is too small to admit an entire Boeing 757 " and " Wings that should have been sheered off by the impact are entirely absent . "
Dewdney is a mathematician and computer scientist from Canada , while Longspaugh is an aerospace engineer who makes his home in Fort Worth .
They also found ,
" There is also substantial debris from a much smaller jet -- powered aircraft inside the building . "
They conclude with a " high degree " of certainty that no Boeing 757 struck the Pentagon and with a " substantial degree " of certainty that it was struck by a small jet , like an F - - 16 . "
Dunn , apparently oblivious of the research I have cited , says ,
" The wings , tailplane ( sic ) , and rudder are irrelevant , being merely sheet metal that sheered off on impact , as is clearly revealed by photos of the site , which are readily available to anyone who cares to look .
This point has been made dozens of times , in the 9 -- 11 Commission Report and elsewhere , and you have no excuse for not knowing it . "
" As for luggage , bodies , seats ... be serious .
Do you have any idea what happens when an object strikes six feet of reinforced concrete at 500 mph +?
They were crushed , shredded , and then incinerated , within a matter of seconds .
How much do you think was left ? "
Dunn thus embraces the ( very convenient ) " vaporization " hypothesis , which alleges that the plane simply disappeared upon impact .
Dewdney and Longspaugh discuss the damage to support columns within the Pentagon and conclude that it is consistent with a smaller aircraft but not a Boeing 757 .
They comment on another study by a group of Purdue engineers , for example , in passing .
In conducting their study , the Purdue group left out consideration of the engines , which is a curious omission .
With or without engines , it is difficult to imagine how this kind of damage would have been possible if the plane had vaporized upon impact .
The photos Dunn claims to be " readily available " certainly do not show parts that could be unambiguously identified as having come from a Boeing 757 .
On the contrary , as Colonel George Nelson , USAF ( retired ) , an air crash expert , has observed in " Impossible to Prove a Falsehood True " on st911.org , these planes have many time -- sensitive and uniquely identifiable parts that could readily provide proof of the specific plane that hit the Twin Towers , the Pentagon , and Shanksville .
None of them has ever been produced .
The Positive Arguments
Dunn appears to acknowledge that a Boeing 757 , at 155 feet long , which makes it twice as long as the building is tall , is not apparent on the videotape and offers the counterargument that , since an A - - 3 is 78 feet long , a little over half that size , it should have appeared on the video , too .
He claims this is a contradiction :
" The A - - 3 should have showed up too -- and not as a scarcely - - visible ' outline ' owing more to the imagination than anything else , either . "
This might be forceful against the A - - 3 alternative , if it were true , but it does nothing to diminish the video 's impact on the official account .
The first of the five frames that the Pentagon originally released , which has the time stamp 17:32:19 , shows what appears to be the silhouette of an aircraft just above the gate mechanism as well as a plume of white smoke that seems to be coming from a missile it is in the process of launching .
Dunn seems to know he is on thin ice here , since he says it should have been more distinct .
But what is striking is that even the Pentagon identified it as a plane .
Indeed , the word " plane " occurs on the frame itself !
It is quite evident that this ' plane ' does not approximate the dimensions of a Boeing 757 .
Dunn suggests that the A - - 3 is not a small fighter jet but a twin -- engine bomber , a criticism for which there is support .
( See this , for example , .)
But the key point is that it is much smaller than any Boeing 757 .
I am hardly the first person to observe that the absence of debris from a 757 provides proof that a 757 never hit the building .
Check out " Hunt the Boeing " , for example , or the books by Thierry Meyssan , Pentagate and 9/11 : The Big Lie , which Dunn probably has n't read .
Dunn is convinced that I have confused the A - - 3 Sky Warrior with the A - - 4 Skyhawk , which had a similar name and designation , the same manufacturer , and was rather small for a modern military aircraft .
" But it 's too late now -- you 've constructed your case around the A - - 3 , and you 'll have to live with it . '
What he does n't understand is that , if what hit the Pentagon was either an A - - 3 Sky Warrior or an A - - 4 Sky Hawk , it was n't a Boeing 757 !
Our negative critique of what the government has claimed stands even if our positive account of what may have hit instead requires revision .
If it was an A - - 4 , that 's fine with me .
Anyone who is rational in their beliefs accepts , rejects , and suspends beliefs on the basis of the available relevant evidence .
As new evidence becomes available , revisions may be appropriate .
A lot of his objections derive from his failure to read the study on which my position is based .
If he had , he would have found the answers to his questions about the engine part and the argument from dimensions , which derives from the study by Dewdney and Longspaugh cited above .
He disputes what I report about A - - 3s being retrofitted with updated missiles , Raytheon 's Global Hawk unmanned aerial vehicle ( UAV ) remote control systems , and new engines , which could have been of the same type as the originals .
His thinking here , as elsewhere , is sloppy and affected by emotion .
Personally , if I had seen numbers that corresponded to footnotes , when I was drafting an assault of this kind , I would have made an effort to track them down .
Then he would have at least understood that I was not making this up out of whole cloth but reporting what had been previously published elsewhere .
Note 51 , for example , explained the following point , ' The workers ' reports about these activities may be read at " Secret Global Hawk Refit for Sky Warrior ! " .
The point I make about aerodynamic impossibility must have been too much for him to handle .
Certainly , attacking the phrase , ' the aerodynamics of flight ' , on the ground that it is redundant is silly in the extreme .
Has he never heard of ' the experience of flight ' , ' the aesthetics of flight ' , or ' the joy of flight ' ?
For a former editor of the International Military Encyclopedia , he appears not only to have a severely limited grasp of language but to be seriously uninformed .
The point I was making , which he did not understand , is that when a plane is in flight , it builds up a body of compressed gas beneath its wings and fuselage .
The dimensions of this compressed gas , a pocket of air , depends upon the speed of the aircraft .
Even a small plane , such as a Cessna , at full throttle would be unable to come as close to skimming the ground as the Boeing is said to have traveled .
Indeed , it is so close that the engines might be expected to have plowed massive furrows in the lawn , which remained unblemished .
A pilot and aeronautical engineer has explained to me that , at full throttle , a Cessna could not fly lower than 15 feet to the ground and that a Boeing 757 , at around 500 miles per hour , would be unable to get closer than about 60 feet from the ground .
This means that it would have been aerodynamically impossible for the alleged plane to have taken the alleged flight trajectory .
And there is no evidence of the kind of crater that would have been created by any trajectory that was not parallel to the ground .
There is nothing to support it .
The government has no sustainable alternatives .
Dunn tries to shrug this point off , as though the discovery that the official account violates laws of aerodynamics is unimportant .
He says that , if this argument were valid ( he means ' sound ) , then 'no airplane has ever successfully landed . '
But of course the size of the air pocket diminishes as the speed of the aircraft drops , which is an important reason why aircraft must slow down as they descend for it to be possible for them to land .
Dunn 's ignorance is showing .
Concluding Reflections
If the Pentagon is not one of the , if not the , most heavily defended buildings in the world , I 'll eat my hat .
This guy even appears to be oblivious of the sworn testimony of Norman Mineta , Secretary of Transportation , to the 9/11 Commission about observing a young aide approach the Vice President , in command at an underground bunker beneath the White House .
' Sir , it 's fifty miles out . '
' Sir , its thirty miles out . '
' Sir , its ten miles out .
Do the orders still stand ? '
Cheney , he testified , nearly bit off his head .
' Of course the orders still stand ' , he said .
' Have you heard anything different ? '
But the order had to have been to not shoot down the approaching aircraft .
Shooting it down would be the obvious thing to do .
You would lose all the passengers and the plane , but you would not also lose the personnel and property at the target .
And if the order had been to shoot it down , it would have been shot down .
But it was not .
His testimony was so explosive that the 9/11 Commission buried it .
( It was taped and can be readily downloaded from st911.org . )
Dunn wants to know
' what kind of lunatic purpose is served by firing a missile at a target and then crashing a plane into it ' ,
an interesting question I am glad to address .
The day before 9/11 , Donald Rumsfeld had reported to Congress that the Pentagon had lost track of $ 2.3 trillion .
It was a Monday , which was odd , since experienced politicians learn to release bad news on Fridays in the expectation they will be lost over the weekend .
But that did not happen in this case .
Indeed , most of us still do n't know about it .
The West Wing was a peculiar choice for a terrorist attack , since it was in the final stages of reconstruction and was largely bereft of personnel and records .
But one team that occupied that space was a group of accountants , auditors , and budget experts who were , I would surmise , attempting to track that missing $ 2.3 trillion .
The impact of the plane could not be guaranteed to kill them .
Sending a missile would take them by surprise and could be more carefully targeted .
So maybe there is a rational explanation , after all .
Colonel Nelson has observed that , under federal law , the NTSB has an obligation to investigate crashes involving commercial airliners .
Four allegedly occurred on 9/11 , yet the NTSB has investigated none .
Photos abound of commercial airplane crashes around the globe , which can be found via google .
Both the Pentagon site and the Shanksville site appear to be distinctive by the almost complete absence of debris of appropriate kinds and quantities .
Neither of the massive engines was recovered at the Pentagon .
Perhaps
Dunn will reassure us that they , too , were simply vaporized !
During the L.A. ' American Scholars Symposium ' held on 24-- 25 June 2006 , Dylan Avery showed me the FAA raw data on the planes from all four locations .
There was a series of blank spaces where that data should have been recorded .
Perhaps
Dunn finds this absence of evidence further " proof " that the official account is correct .
More could be said by way of response , but perhaps I have said enough .
It should be apparent that bias and ignorance are indeed thematic in what he has written , but perhaps not quite the way he intended .
James H. Fetzer , Ph.D .
Founder and Co--Chair
Scholars for 9/11 Truth
J.R. Dunn
At the end of my first response I set certain conditions .
Any commentary was to be a logical , succinct , and coherent analysis of every statement I have made here , and in my article as well , following the example I have given you .
I have no interest in any more factoids , none of this ' I saw it someplace on the Net ' stuff .
Fully sourced , fully researched material -- that is the minimum acceptable response .
That 's not what we have here , needless to say .
I admit I was n't really expecting it either .
Because that 's not the way James H. Fetzer , Ph.D , McKnight University Professor Emeritus , Founder and Co--chair of the Scholars for 9/11 Truth , does things .
What he does , and what we have been presented with , is repetition .
A repetition of his first response , with the pedal jammed to the floor .
A response in which the factoid storm , already thick enough in the first place , has increased to blizzard strength .
But it 's not a complete repetition .
There are several obvious omissions :
* Flight controller Danielle O'Brien --
The Professor argued that O'Brien had identified Flight 77 as a military aircraft .
Her own testimony ( linked in my previous entry ) reveals she did no such thing .
Out in toto .
* Ft. Collins -- Loveland Municipal airport -- the airport , characterized as an isolated field suitable as the setting for a conspiracy , turned out to be smack dab in the middle of a metropolitan area with a population of 250,000 +.
Unmentioned .
* Flight 77's engine dimensions --
The dimensions of the wrecked engines found in the Pentagon were claimed to be too small for a 757's turbofans , ignoring the fact that they 'd just been rammed though a six -- foot thick reinforced concrete wall at 500 mph +.
Out .
( Dave Runyan settles this question to my satisfaction is his superb ' Some Basics About Jet Engines and 9/11 Conspiracy Theories " )
As they say in the legal profession , silence implies acquiescence .
If the Endowed Chair can't answer those points , he has to accept them .
Even if in accepting them , he 's effectively blowing holes in the rest of his argument .
But that , needless to say , is why we 're here .
So let 's strap on the plow , put the four -- wheel in gear , and roll on into the blizzard .
* The Professor Emeritus once again kicks things off by questioning the size of the hole in the Pentagon , which has been transformed this time into an ' impact point ' .
The 9/11 Commission Report puts the hole 's size at seventy -- five feet .
Not so , insists the Chair .
He saw a photo somewhere or other that suggested it was only sixteen feet wide .
The 757 fuselage is twelve feet wide , which I believe would fit into a sixteen -- foot hole without too much of a stretch .
So what point he 's trying to make here , I am not at all sure .
I know he 's not agreeing , but beyond that , I can not say .
He goes on to discuss another hole somewhere else in the building , along with a paragraph concerning internal building supports , all of which is pure blizzardry , having precisely nothing at to do with the original question .
His source for much of this material is a study by A.K. Dewdney and G.W. Longspaugh .
Now , A.K. Dewdney is a distinctive name .
He himself says as much on his personal web site , pointing out that the ' K ' stands for ' Keewatin ' , Ojibway for ' North Wind ' .
( My middle initial stands for ' Richard ' , which is ancient Celtic for ' Chastiser of Academic Poseurs ' . )
So this must be the same A.K. Dewdney who was ripped up , down , and sideways by Mark Steyn in his Macleans review , ' Call me Crazy .
I Blame the Terrorists ' to a point where Dewdney began bleating about ' consulting with legal authorities ' .
I 'm not going to try to surpass the master here ; read it and see how the pompous are dealt with in the Great White North .
I do n't know anything about Longspaugh , but if he 's hooked up with Dewdney , maybe he needs a lawyer too .
* Next we return to the bodies , luggage , seats , etc. , which the Founder and Co--Chair insists would have been scattered here and there around the crash site .
Not after a 500 + impact with reinforced concrete , said I , to which he now answers , ' Dunn thus embraces the ( very convenient ) " vaporization " hypothesis , which alleges that the plane simply disappeared upon impact . '
Well , very conveniently enough , here 's a incredible video of a test in which an F - - 4 Phantom is rammed , at exactly 500 mph , into a reinforced concrete wall representing the containment shell of a nuclear reactor .
The Phantom utterly disintegrates -- there 's nothing but small pieces left .
While that may not quite be vaporization , it will do .
And that , my friends , is what happened to Flight 77 .
I await the esteemed Chair 's comment .
* The wings , tailplane , rudder and so forth would have peeled off on impact .
But no pieces were found , the Co--Chair contends .
Not in Washington , not in Skanksville , PA , not in Manhattan .
( Sounds like he 's saying no planes crashed anywhere on 9/11 , does n't it ? )
All this despite being confronted with a photograph of a recognizable piece of sheet metal in American Airlines colors within a stone 's throw of the Pentagon , one of hundreds available on the Net .
No , we 're instead supposed to rely on the word of Colonel George Nelson , USAF ( retired ) , an air crash expert who insists no parts were found even though he was n't on the spot and never visited the site .
If he had , he might have come across fellow investigator Allyn Kilsheimer who was on site , and who said ,
" I saw the marks of the plane wing on the face of the building .
I picked up parts of the plane with the airline markings on them .
I held in my hand the tail section of the plane , and I found the black box ...
I held parts of uniforms from crew members in my hands , including body parts .
Okay ? "
Over to you , Colonel .
* Now here 's the claim that kicked things off in the first place : the ineffable nature of the A - - 3 Skywarrior : tiny fighter plane , or thirty -- five ton twin -- engine strategic bomber ?
It 's hard to tell sometimes .
I mean , have you ever been confused between a eighteen -- wheel semi and a Volvo ?
Sure you have .
They can fool you .
This , according to the Chair , is ' a criticism for which there is support ' , which is a weaselly academic method of saying ' I was wrong . '
' A - - 3 , fighter or bomber ' is a true or false , yes or no , 1 or 0 question .
There is no ambiguity involved .
We are not living in a quantum universe where a thing can be a 78 - - foot bomber and small fighter at the same time , a la Schrodinger 's Cat .
The McKnight Professor was wrong , and he does n't want to admit it .
He does n't want to admit it because if the A - - 3 goes , so does most of his argument .
With the A - - 3 gone , then there was no tiny silhouette of an airplane on the video , no missile was ever fired , there are no anomalous engine parts , no radar contradictions , no sinister doings at Western airports .
In fact we have nothing at all , since with the A - - 3 vanished , the rest of the nonsense blows away like so much tinsel .
There was never any purpose for any of it except as a frame in which the place the central element .
Without the A - - 3 , the conspiracy falls apart , which is why the Professor Emeritus lapses into a paragraph of doubletalk about the A - - 4 , which was brought up in the first place only to underline how confused the 9/11 Scholars actually are .
They 're still confused .
* Thierry Meyssan , brought up to lend weight to the Chair 's contentions , is the French left -- wing activist ( media claims that he's a philosophy professor are false ) responsible for triggering 9/11 conspiracy fever in the first place .
Within days of the attack , he had accused the U.S. government of complicity .
His book , L'effroyable -- imposture ( The Frightening Fraud , published in the U.S. as 9/11 : The Big Lie ) is a pioneering 9/11 conspiracy text which has of course been superseded by the thoroughgoing and professional work of the 9/11 Scholars .
But before that , he had a web site setting forth his thesis .
It was an interesting site , with each page featuring a bold -- faced question about the attack beneath a usually unrelated photograph ( Thierry Meyssan 's version of the Socratic Method , I assume ) .
I never did get through the whole thing , after encountering a page where the question read : WHY WAS THERE NO SIGN OF JET FUEL AT THE CRASH SITE ?
Fair question , I thought , until I went on two or three pages and came across this : WHY DID TRUCKS DUMP LARGE LOADS OF SAND AT THE SITE WITHIN HOURS OF THE CRASH ?
So much for the French contribution .
I 'm certain the Chair would admit this ' has some support ' .
So we 'll move on .
* Throughout this response , the Founder and Co-- Chair calls my attention to numerous studies and sources , which if read would cause the scales to fall from my eyes .
With ' Note 51 " , he gives us an example of what he means .
' Note 51 " sources one of his arguments .
And what does it refer us to ?
The American Journal of Metallurgy ?
Jane 's World Weapon Systems ?
Kant 's Critique of Pure Reason ?
No -- it sends us to http://portland.indymedia.org/en/2005/05/318250.shtml
Now , when you access Portland Indymedia , you find the typical Internet nut site devoted in large part to conspiracy theories just like this one .
When I wrote , '... none of this ' I saw it someplace on the Net ' stuff , ' in my original response , this is exactly what I was talking about .
Academic sourcing has been a mature system for well over a century .
You are required to refer the reader to an acknowledged authority , someone with unquestioned stature in a particular field .
Not Arthur Bell , Michael Savage , or Paris Hilton .
( Leopold von Ranke , the father of modern historiography , is even stricter -- in his system , sources are limited to documents , and not individuals with possible agendas or faulty memories .
It 's a mercy von Ranke died in 1886 .
If he 'd ever encountered the Net , he'd have thrown himself off a bridge . )
Note 51 , if it 's at all typical , is an indictment of the McKnight Professor 's method , procedures , and results .
I do n't read the Tattler .
I do n't read the Enquirer , and I 'm not going to read any of those studies either .
* The Chair contends that aerodynamic forces ( or as he so poetically put it , the ' aerodynamics of flight ' ) render it impossible to fly at high speed at low levels .
How does he explain this ?
He gives us a bubble of gas .
This ' gas bubble ' ( by which I 'm sure he means the wave front of compressed air preceding an aircraft in its flight path ) prevents an airplane from settling close to the ground -- 15 feet or so for a Cessna , 60 feet for an sizable airliner .
Anybody who has ever seen a cropduster zipping around 5 or 6 feet above the ground will view this explanation with skepticism .
Compression at low altitudes may have some effect on performance , but does not render flight impossible .
The notorious F -- 111 , no small aircraft , was in fact designed to operate at high speed at low levels , through use of a terrain -- following radar which kept it at a steady twenty - - odd feet above the ground .
Though it had its drawbacks , the F - - 111 had no problems with gas that I 'm aware of .
Eyewitness testimony states that the plane attacking the Pentagon nearly clipped the roof of a nearby Sheraton coming in .
This puts its altitude at a good hundred - - twenty feet + in the last moments of approach .
The 757 was at extreme low altitude only during the final fleeting seconds of flight , moving far too quickly for aerodynamic forces to take effect .
So much for the Professor 's gas attack .
In fact , what the Chair 's aerodynamicist has proven is that no aircraft of any kind , 757 or A - - 3 , could have crashed into the Pentagon .
The aerodynamic forces on either jet would be the same , and so would the result .
If the 757 could n't quite make it to the Pentagon without being brought down by gas , neither could the A - - 3 .
This is yet another serious contradiction to add to the two in his previous effort -- the implication that the A - - 3 would n't shed its wings the same as the 757 , and the puzzle as to how the A - - 3 was rendered nearly invisible to the Pentagon parking lot camera .
Neither of these contradictions has ever been answered , or even so much as addressed .
I do n't anticipate this one will be either .
* ' If the Pentagon is not one of the , if not the , most heavily defended buildings in the world , I 'll eat my hat . '
Well , you all heard him .
In my previous response , I gave a reasonably detailed short history as to why the U.S. has lacked comprehensive air defenses for 28 years .
Instead of repeating that , I 'll go into the reasons why it happened .
In the late 1950s , the U.S. had complete radar coverage of northern and coastal approaches .
All major metro areas were ringed by Nike Ajax and Nike Hercules missile batteries .
The country 's northen tier was dotted with Air Defense Command bases equipped with thousands of fast interceptors .
All this was coordinated by a nationwide data exchange system , one of the first military computer networks , an early ancestor of the Internet .
Today this structure has vanished , and has never been replaced , due in large part to reliance on a theory of nuclear strategy called Mutual Assured Destruction ( MAD ) , which contended that the way to maintain a stable nuclear balance was to eschew defenses and accept the fact that a nuclear strike would result in complete annihilation of both sides .
Fear of destruction would then militate against a strike by either side ( In truth , the USSR never accepted MAD , and even today , Russia 's air defenses remain formidable . )
Readers who find this strategy utterly insane will not be surprised to learn that it was overseen by Robert S. McNamara , who also gave us the Edsel and Vietnam .
It was instituted all the same , and the expensive defense systems were allowed to deteriorate until today little is left other than part -- time Air National Guard units .
How do we know that it went into effect at the Pentagon ?
Easy -- that was where McNamara worked .
The Chair ignores all this history in favor of giving us a conversation between Richard Cheney and an aide overheard by Norman Mineta , author of our current anti--profiling policy .
The exchange took place at the White House , not the Pentagon , does not mention aircraft , or defenses , or anything related , and , knowing the Founder 's way with a quote , may well have been somewhat different that what 's presented here .
In any case , it 's irrelevant to the issue , and would amount to simply another worthless factoid , except for one curious little slip .
' Shooting it [ the airliner ] down , ' writes the McKnight Professor , ' would be the obvious thing to do .
You would lose all the passengers and the plane , but you would not also lose the personnel and property at the target . '
An odd statement coming from a man whose case all along is that no passengers were ever involved .
That 's what a police detective would call a ' tell ' .
The Professor 's lucky I 'm not a detective , do n't you agree ?
* The resurrected accountant marks another example of the Founder going off on a tangent , but that 's fine , because it gives him one more opportunity to shoot himself in the foot .
What I asked about was the irrationality of firing a missile at a target and then crashing a plane into it , as opposed to firing two missiles or crashing one plane .
The answer turns out to be the Chair 's explanation for the entire conspiracy .
It seems that the day before , Monday September 10th , Donald Rumsfeld announced that the DoD had lost track of $ 2.6 trillion in appropriations , and that he intended to find out where it had gone .
But then , the next day ....
So obviously , as the Chair ' surmises ' , the entire conspiracy was carried out to kill the accounting team trying to track down that money .
They were the targets , the sole reason the Pentagon was attacked .
He 's almost certain it happened that way .
Except that when I checked the story , to see if I could find anything at all that was n't sourced from Portland Indymedia , the first item in the queue was this : a CBS interview with Jack Minnerty , the accountant who blew the whistle on the DoD losses .
An interview made in February 2002 , nearly six months after 9/11 .
Now how can this be ?
How can this man , the supposed prime target of the greatest conspiracy ever carried out this country , be out walking around , much less giving interviews to an alphabet network ?
How could they have missed him ?
Was he out getting coffee ?
It 's at points like this that you realize that the conspiracy impulse , the force that drives these people , cannot be countered by rational means .
A conspiracy in which the whistleblower is killed is one thing .
A conspiracy in which hundreds of others are killed , and the intended victim continues blithely on as if it had nothing at all to do with him ....
There 's no rational explanation for that .
And there 's no point in asking the Professor , the Colonel , or the staff of Portland Indymedia about it .
They 'll just start telling you about a screw that was found on the sidewalk in front of the Pentagon , that was used only in a single model of the Stearman 43 Biplane , made in one particular plant in 1938 , and that proves ....
( So why bother ?
Why put in the time and effort to refute all this ?
As a form of prophylaxis , in the hope that at least some of the gullible , naive , or ill - - informed may encounter this critique before they 're infected . )
The rest is anticlimax .
' Neither of the massive engines was recovered at the Pentagon , ' the Chair tells us .
This photo says otherwise .
A correspondent has pointed out that the Flight 77 aircraft was not powered by either a Pratt & Whitney PW2037 or the PW2040 , but by Rolls Royce RB211--535E4
Bs , the turbine disk of which is a close match , as exhaustive research confirms , for the part in the photograph , the same possibility suggested by Dave Runyan .
( This is also an opportunity to thank another reader , who pointed out that the A - - 3 was actually powered by Pratt & Whitney J-- 57 P.10s , and not JT - - 8Ds , as the Professor asserts . )
Colonel Nelson is once more trotted onstage to deliver the valediction in the form of an ominous contention that the National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB ) obligated ' under federal law ' to investigate all commercial air crashes , has failed to do so with the 9/11 disasters .
The NTSB website carries a table of all major recent investigations .
Halfway down we find four marked ' 9/11 ' .
When we click on those , we see this statement :
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 are under the jurisdiction of the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
The Safety Board provided requested technical assistance to the FBI , and any material generated by the NTSB is under the control of the FBI .
In other words , the NTSB was in fact involved in the investigation of these events .
Not quite a lie perhaps , but very much the reason words like ' prevarication ' were coined .
But that 's the case with all of Prof.
James H. Fetzer , Ph.D 's claims .
Once you follow them back to a reputable source , you discover they 're not what you were told .
The words are different , the content unrelated .
The flight controller said no such thing .
The missing parts were in plain sight .
The secret airport is a thriving metropolitan hub .
The murder victim is up and walking around and talking to CBS .
After awhile you get used to it .
You stop thinking , ' Uh - - oh -- this does n't look good , ' and start looking forward with glee , eager to learn what little twist has been added this time .
And it 's a good thing you can view it that way , because otherwise you 'd get sick to your stomach .
One of the first messages I received after my response was posted was from a serving naval officer who was present at the Pentagon on 9/11 .
He was in the lobby of an adjacent building and he clearly saw the attack take place .
Saw the plane approach , saw it brush the antennas atop a nearby Sheraton , and continue on to plunge into the Pentagon .
What he was saw was an American Airlines 757 .
Just like hundreds of other witnesses across the District -- air crewmen , reporters , secretaries , commuters .
It 's the testimony of these people , living , breathing eyewitnesses , that the conspiracy hounds seek to obscure with their showers of irrelevant , distorted , and bogus information .
And beyond them , there is yet another group .
The officer told me of an acquaintance of his , a woman who married an old military friend , a friend who died in the attack .
She has never quite gotten over it , and nobody has the right to add any form of doubt to her burden of loss .
And beyond them are the highest group of all : the dead , to whom we owe all honor and respect .
That 's what they received from the unparalleled forensic investigation by more than a hundred specialists that identified all but one passenger from the scraps that remained .
That investigation should close the book on James Fetzer 's claims .
It wo n't , of course .
Such an investigation is carried out for one purpose above all : to demonstrate that the eternal chain binding the living and the dead cannot be severed even by an event such as 9/11 .
But the 9/11 scholars have no interest in such bonds , only in piling ever more malicious trivia on the memory of the dead .
That 's how far we 've fallen .
The first step back up lies in recognizing -- and accepting -- that a fact is a fact , whether we like it or not .
Scientists reported Thursday that for the first time they have made human embryonic stem cells without destroying embryos , a development that the government ’s top stem cell official said would make the controversial research eligible for federal funding .
Story Landis , who chairs the National Institute of Health ’s stem cell task force , said that with certain safeguards , the new method appeared to comply with federal restrictions that have largely cut scientists off from the $ 28 billion the government spends on medical research each year .
Federal law prohibits the National Institutes of Health from paying for experiments that place human embryos at risk of injury or death , and spending on human embryonic stem cell research is restricted to projects involving a handful of cell lines that were created before August 2001 .
Researchers at Advanced Cell Technology in Worcester , Mass. , created four stem cell lines out of individual cells plucked from 3 - day - old embryos , which continued to develop normally after the procedure .
The method was described in the online edition of the journal Cell Stem Cell .
Advertisement
The removal of a single cell from a young embryo is done thousands of times a year in the U.S. by fertility laboratories to screen embryos for genetic diseases .
Dr. Robert Lanza , Advanced Cell Technology ’s chief scientific officer , said researchers could piggyback on the procedure by allowing the removed cell to divide in a laboratory dish .
Then , with the consent of patients , one copy could be used for genetic screening and the other to make stem cells .
Under those circumstances , the research “ should be permissible under the Bush policy , ” said Russell Korobkin , a stem cell expert at the UCLA School of Law .
“ The NIH should not decline to fund this . ”
Though the technique spares embryos , it still raises ethical concerns .
Advertisement
The Rev. Tadeusz Pacholczyk , an ethicist at the National Catholic Bioethics Center in Philadelphia , said that removing a single cell from an embryo turns it into “ a starting source for harvestable raw materials , in a gesture that reduces young humans to commodities . ”
And because the single embryonic cell can be grown into stem cells , some scientists and ethicists wondered whether the cell itself has the potential to become a whole new embryo .
“ It would be hard to rule out , ” said Martin Pera , director of the Center for Stem Cell and Regenerative Medicine at USC .
New optimism
Advertisement
But for scientists who have struggled under federal restrictions , the technique has injected a sense of optimism that there may soon be a break in the political logjam that scientists blame for stalling progress in the field .
After all , the idea of producing stem cells by taking a single cell from an embryo was suggested by the President ’s Council on Bioethics in a 2005 white paper that examined ways to make the valued cell lines without creating , harming or destroying embryos .
“ The president ’s own bioethics advisory council suggested this approach , ” said Sean Morrison , director of the University of Michigan Center for Stem Cell Biology , who was not involved in the study .
“ The administration has a responsibility to now support it . ”
Michigan is one of at least nine states where it is illegal to derive new human embryonic stem cell lines using traditional methods , even with private funding .
Morrison said the new method appears to comply with Michigan law .
Advertisement
The study puts the finishing touches on a highly touted experiment 19 months ago that demonstrated the feasibility of the process but did not actually preserve any embryos , largely for practical reasons .
The approach relies on culling individual embryonic cells using a biopsy technique known as pre-implantation genetic diagnosis , or PGD .
About 5,000 couples in the U.S. opt for PGD each year , according to the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology .
In late 2005 , Lanza demonstrated that the technique was possible in mice .
The donor embryos were implanted into surrogate mothers and resulted in live births 49 % of the time , virtually the same as for intact embryos .
The following year , Lanza ’s team showed that a single cell taken from an early - stage human embryo could be grown into a stem cell line .
To maximize their chances of success , they used all of the cells , called blastomeres , from the donor embryos and therefore could n’t track whether their development would have been hampered by the biopsy .
Advertisement
In the latest study , the researchers used 41 embryos that were frozen by fertility clinics .
They thawed them and prompted them to grow to the eight - cell stage , then used a tiny glass pipette to remove one or two blastomeres .
Most of the donor embryos continued to develop normally for two more days before they were refrozen .
The individual cells were grown in dishes and surrounded by human embryonic stem cells and other compounds that induced them to develop into embryonic stem cells .
The scientists created four cell lines that were able to grow into all the main tissue types in the body , including neurons and beating heart cells .
Colleagues at UC San Francisco repeated the experiment with two more embryos , but they did not use established stem cells to help the blastomeres grow .
They produced a stem cell line that did n’t involve any materials derived from dismantled embryos .
Advertisement
There is a potential flaw with the technique :
Even the delicate removal of one cell could place an embryo’s health at risk .
“ How do you demonstrate that the embryo was not harmed ? ” Landis said .
“ Right there , you have a significant problem . ”
Protecting embryo health
The ideal experiment -- in which embryos that have been biopsied to make stem cells are implanted in surrogates so that the babies can be studied for medical problems -- is impossible to conduct for health and ethical reasons .
Advertisement
But Lanza said there is a straightforward solution .
To avoid potential risk to embryos , scientists could piggyback on PGD biopsies that clinics are performing anyway , he said .
After the blastomere is removed , it could be nurtured in a dish for about 12 hours until it divides .
Then one cell could be used for genetic screening and the other would be available for research .
Landis agreed that stem cells derived in this manner would appear to meet the federal standards .
Lanza said he believed that the method was safe enough to use on spare embryos from fertility clinics and still qualify for federal funding .
In his experiments , 80 % to 85 % of the donor embryos developed to the stage where they could be implanted in a uterus -- a higher rate than at fertility clinics .
Advertisement
“ Any clinic would be thrilled with 85 % , ” said Dr. Mark Hughes , director of the Genesis Genetics Institute in Detroit .
“ Many clinics would be happy with 60 % . ”
Landis said there was no way to know whether the embryos that did n’t survive were lost because of the initial thawing or the subsequent biopsy .
Researchers could get some idea by comparing the pregnancy rates of couples that used PGD to those of couples that opted for standard in vitro fertilization .
A study published last year in the New England Journal of Medicine found that among older women who had IVF , those who also used PGD were about 30 % less likely to have a baby .
But specialists who perform the diagnostic procedure said that the study was flawed and that an alternative reading of the data showed that genetic screening slightly boosted the odds of having a baby .
Advertisement
The entire exercise of trying to satisfy the Bush policy could become moot after the presidential election if a new administration scraps the restrictions .
But Lanza said the researchers could n’t wait .
“ We need more lines to study , ” he said .
“ We ca n’t afford to waste time . ”
karen.kaplan@latimes.com
By CLOVER STROUD
Last updated at 00:59 30 November 2007
Had all the men in Oxford gone mad overnight ?
The postman started it .
When I opened the door , he stood there grinning like a Cheshire cat , and lingered rather longer than necessary while I signed for a package .
Worse – or was it better ?
– was to come .
In Sainsbury 's not one but two men offered to let me go ahead of them in the queue .
Another wanted to know if I needed help packing my groceries away .
Another still wanted to open my car door for me in the car park .
In my local delicatessen , Gluttons , the man behind the counter smiled and nodded like an eager puppy as I bought such mundanities as olive oil and courgettes .
But it was the ( male ) librarian at my local library who really seemed to have lost his marbles .
Only a few days previously , he had processed my son's books in the nursery section , and he had seemed like a perfectly normal , capable , soul .
Now , though , he was a man on the edge .
He stuttered when I asked him to show me how to use the new IT system .
He flushed beetroot as I sat down .
As he pointed to the screen , I noticed that his hand shook .
He seemed incapable of a simple sentence .
Eventually , muttering something about going to find his assistant , he fled completely , and sent a ( female ) colleague back in his place .
Not that the women of Oxford were behaving normally either .
One looked decidedly cross and uncomfortable to be asked directions to the post office .
When I left a bar that evening , three glamorous types threw me withering looks .
But what had inspired this frankly odd behaviour from complete strangers ?
Quite simply , it was my pair of perfectly perky 36 DD breasts .
What they did n't know of course was that they were in fact made of silicone and had been ' added ' to my chest the previous day .
For most of my life , I 'd never given a lot of thought to the contents of my bra .
I suppose I am on the small side of normal – I am a 36A , but might go up to a 36B depending on the manufacturer .
While I 've never been one of those completely flat - chested girls who can run around all day wearing a vest and no bra , my breasts are not my defining feature .
But would I want them to be ?
Well , like it or not , this past week they were - in the name of journalistic investigation .
Scroll down for more ...
Breasts are in the news again – when are they not ?
– because Trinny and Susannah have been going on about them in their show Undress The Nation .
Like everyone else , I was intrigued to see in the papers a few days ago pictures of skinny Trinny wearing a pair of specially made 32D prosthetic breasts to see what all the fuss is about - and how people would react to her as a top - heavy woman .
I decided to try the same experiment .
The man who created my awesome breasts is Paul Boyce , a prosthetic and TV special effects expert .
He took a cast of my real breasts using a dental aginate and plaster bandages .
When this had dried , he then sculpted a fibreglass resin mould over the top , and injected prosthetic silicone between the mould and the cast .
The result was startling : a pair of perfect 36DD silicone breasts that fitted from my collarbone to just above my stomach , and which had to be reapplied every day .
They were absolutely lifelike and they moved naturally with me .
Once fitted , he painted them using eight different colours combined exactly to match my skin tone .
They felt similar to wearing a tight sports bra .
In fact , I could almost forget I was wearing them .
Or at least I could until I looked in a mirror .
As soon as I got dressed , I was transfixed .
My dress – which I 'd always clinched in with a belt , so voluminous was the top – was properly filled out for the first time , and the belt suddenly made me look like Dolly Parton .
Suddenly , I knew what ' figure hugging ' meant .
The outfit called for heels in a way that it never had before .
I put some on , and , well , strutted around the bedroom , admiring my new breasts and new profile .
I thought I looked immediately more feminine .
And taller .
And sexier .
Yes , it was an odd sensation – I felt as if I had grown another arm – but I felt happier
too , as illogical as it sounds .
I have had those sensations once before about seven years ago , when I was 24 , and I had a momentary , but startling , insight into what it might be like to be born with very , very large breasts , and to find yourself unable to have a conversation with a man without his eyes drifting downwards .
Scroll down for more ...
I was in hospital , having given birth to my son hours before and one of my first visitors after the birth was my best male friend .
He 's someone I 've known all my life , and I am as close to him as my closest girlfriend .
We 've always had a platonic relationship , but there 's little we 've not shared .
He 's even seen me naked - as a teenager I once stripped off and then jumped into a river in front of him .
This time he'd come to admire my new baby boy , but as I regaled him with details of the birth , I realised he had that blank , stunned , slightly stupid expression which indicated he had n't heard anything I 'd said to him .
Not only that , but he could not maintain eye contact with me , and his mouth was open .
He was n't having a conversation with me , but with my breasts .
Overnight , as my milk had come in , I had developed 36G breasts the size of , well , vast melons .
As I chatted away , I realised that he was getting misty eyed , but it was n't over the fact that I had just asked him to be a godfather , but rather at the sight of my new , fabulous , full breasts straining against my shirt .
I was surprised rather than offended by the fact that this dramatic development of my new assets had totally changed me in his eyes .
It certainly felt odd that my status as a friend might be radically redefined by the size of my breasts , and the episode left me with an enduring memory of the power of large breasts , and a fascination with how life would have been , had I held onto mine post - breastfeeding .
Would it have changed the way men treated me ?
The way I viewed myself ?
This week , I found out by inflicting my new silicone breasts on the good people of Oxford , where I live .
The postman was first , and I was bemused that he seemed much cheerier than normal .
Then came the couple I asked for directions in the street .
She was noticeably irritated .
Odd enough .
But at least she managed to keep looking in my face as she talked to me .
Her husband was downright rude .
He simply looked at my cleavage .
And looked .
And looked .
It was brazen , and deeply embarrassing .
I felt like asking him if I could check out his chest in return – genuinely surprised that he could feel so comfortable openly gawping my breasts in front of his wife .
I wandered off , dismissing him as some saddo with an overt breast fixation and probably a complex Freudian relationship with his mother .
But what I did n't realise was that my experiences with my new chest were about to prove that he was , in fact , just a very normal man .
It 's such a cliché , but with a few hours I had realised that large breasts really do work as a man magnet at at least a hundred yards .
Men walking past clocked me , then checked me up and down in a way that I found unsettling – so unused was I to the experience .
They seemed to have a primal urge to stare at my breasts and nothing – not wives , girlfriends or even modern etiquette – seemed to deter them .
Drivers did a double take , one swerving violently – comedy strip - style – to avoid a passing cyclist .
Men made eye contact frequently , but having detected a flicker of attention from me they could only stare at my breasts .
At first I was bemused , even flattered in a strange way .
The feeling of power my new breasts gave me was a novelty .
Throughout the first day , doors opened to me that I had n't even realised existed , let alone that they were closed to me .
The age of chivalry – long dead , I 'd always thought – was suddenly resurrected .
I gleefully recounted my experiences in the supermarket to a male friend , who simply snorted .
" Those men only let you go in front of them in the queue so they could ogle your cleavage , " he said .
Oh .
Suddenly , it did n't sound so empowering .
Now that I was in possession of a ' proper ' pair , my male friends were only too happy to enlighten me as to why they find large breasts so fascinating .
Universally , it seems , they associate them with sex and fun .
One told me : " I know it 's not right , but when a girl has large breasts , I naturally assume that she must be more interested in sex than someone with a flat chest . "
Luckily for men , there are clearly a lot more large - breasted women out there than ever before .
In the past 50 years – largely due to an increasingly fatty diet , and the widespread use of the contraceptive pill – average breast sizes have increased .
The much - quoted British average is now a 36C – but large bra specialists Bravissimo estimate that this figure should really be closer to a 34DD or even a 34E .
Marks and Spencer is currently trialling a J cup .
Well , I can't say I would rush for that size of silicone on my chest .
At the gym , I suddenly understood why my larger - chested friends moan about their bust size .
I did n't feel as if I was as efficient at doing weights as I usually am .
Quite simply , they get in the way .
I could n't help but admire my newly curvaceous silhouette in the floor - to - ceiling mirrors , but running on the treadmill was a different matter .
All the anti-bounce sports bras in the world are n't going to stop this sort of unwanted movement .
I half expected to walk out of there with two black eyes .
Suddenly , I had sympathy with friends I have long envied .
I recalled the sight of one of them hugging her hands over her ample breasts as she ran up the hockey pitch at school , trying but failing to score a goal at the same time .
" My large breasts made my life a misery , " she tells me now .
" You envied me , but I would have done anything to have had a normal breast size .
I was n't confident enough for the attention from men , then , and they were a nightmare for exercise . "
For the first time , I saw why large breasts could also be painful , irritating and humiliating .
Perhaps the biggest test of how I felt about my ' new ' breasts came on a night out with some girlfriends .
The male bar staff snapped to attention when I walked into the upmarket cocktail bar , and did n't seem in the least irritated that it took me some time to choose a drink .
Funny that .
The stares followed me all night .
One man was downright objectionable – so much so that I actually asked him what he was staring at .
The reply stunned me .
" I'm a plastic surgeon , " he replied .
" You 've obviously had implants but whoever did it , did a fantastic job .
Can I ask the name of the surgeon ? "
But being out at night in a safe , upmarket environment is one thing .
I would not have dared to walk into a pub full of leery drunken men with breasts this large .
When I left the bar alone , I was aware that three women outside were looking daggers at me .
I realised that my breasts are as threatening to some women as they are titillating to men .
Did they , too , think that this cleavage was somehow a indication that I was looking for sex ?
Shivering as I waited for a taxi in the rain , a man passed me .
“ Lovely boobs , ” he murmured almost to himself .
How dare he ?
I had n't invited , or wanted his attention .
Friendly smiles at the supermarket checkout might be fun , and quite flattering , and it might get you home sooner with your groceries , but this was something else .
It verged on menacing .
And it was completely out of my control .
I realised that a whole lifetime of being checked out , and commented on , like some prize heifer , would drive me quite mad .
I stomped home , angry and confused .
I found myself longing to rip off the silicone .
With smaller breasts , my body is my own – rather than a piece of public property , to be admired - or simply ogled - in much the same way as a sculpture in a park .
OK , so large breasts are fun and sexy , but there are days when I do n't want my body to be viewed as a comedy item .
I do n't necessarily want to be whistled at , or stared at on the school run .
Sometimes I want to be anonymous – and that is practically impossible once you venture into DD - cup territory .
And yet , I liked them too .
By the end of the week , I had grown quite attached to my new breasts .
It is undeniable that they did make me feel more feminine and a whole lot sexier .
But they were fantasy breasts , and accepting that made them easier to take off for good .
Because they were made of silicone , they were pert and lifted , and perfect .
Most breasts – like so much of life – are imperfect .
They sag and droop .
I will never have large breasts again , though , and that makes me sad .
They are sitting on my dresser now , a silicone reminder of some fleeting memories of being a size DD .
I wo n't forget them .
Nor , obviously , will the men of Oxford .
This Week on perl5 - porters - 13-19 January 2008
From : David Landgren
Date : January 24 , 2008 15:20
Subject : This Week on perl5 - porters - 13-19 January 2008
Message ID : 47991C89.8040303@landgren.net
January 24 , 2008 15:20
This Week on perl5 - porters - 13-19 January 2008
This Week on perl5 - porters - 13-19 January 2008 " Shifting something that 's not a number should n't produce a number . " -- Abigail Topics of Interest " grep " and smart match should warn in void context Larry Wall remarked last week that Zefram 's suggestion regarding the propagation of context from " grep "s and " map "s was how he deal with the matter .
Nicholas spelled out his understanding of the matter .
Zefram ventured further into the internals than he had ever been before and succeeded in returning with a patch to implement warnings in void context .
Abigail thought that the exercise was a bit of a witch hunt but Larry was thought that it was unlikely that people had used the syntax intentionally , so the weight of backwards compatibility was not so great , in this particular case .
http://xrl.us/betef " + Inf " , " - Inf " and " NaN " ( and maybe - 0.0 for good measure )
In the thread about the latest " Math : : Complex " release , Jarkko Hietaniemi had noted that some platforms will dump core if you try to perform floating point arithmetic on a value set to infinity .
Nicholas Clark wondered whether it was worth probing for the behaviour of these special quantities at configuration time , in order to Do The Right Thing on as many platforms as possible .
Zefram suggested peeking at " Data : : Float " , which can already isolate exotic floating point values in pure Perl .
Craig Berry pointed out that it was n't so much a problem of arithmetic * per se* , since just about everything in use today implements IEEE 754 floats .
It 's not even a problem of exception handling , since that is governed by the IEEE standard as well .
The tricky part is determining what exception handling is enabled by default on a given platform , and what can be turned on if you ask for it politely .
His gave some pointers to additional resources on the web regarding the matter .
there 's a point to all this http://xrl.us/beteh
Inconsistent bigint behaviour ( with ranges ) Moritz Lenz ran into difficulties using the range ( " $x .. $ y " ) operator appearing to use floating point numbers instead of integers ( and hence , bigints ) .
Tels was quick to point out that this was due to a long - standing bug in perl : one cannot overload the " .. " operator .
The " bigint " package could do so if it were possible , but alas , the implementation is not there yet .
want your 15 minutes of fame ?
http://xrl.us/betej
Jerry D. Hedden wrote a patch to make the range operator behave in a slightly more sane manner , and this was applied by Rafael .
http://xrl.us/betem
Implementation of " rand ( ) " in Perl 5.8.8 Dennis Williams wanted to implement " rand " in Java and wondered how it was defined ( having become lost after wading through some 18000 lines of the Configure shell script .
Robin Barker told him how Configure chooses the best available implementation .
Bennett told him how to find out what was chosen .
http://xrl.us/beteo
" Inf " >>
1 Abigail was rather surprised to discover that left - or right - shifting infinity returns merely a really huge number , rather than infinity .
And shifting " NaN " produces zero .
Zefram explained that infinity only really works when dealing with floating point numbers , and bit - shifting a floating point number would probably do no good to anyone .
And the shift operators force integer context anyway .
Tels was happy to report that " bigint " gets it right .
Yitzchak Scott - Thoennes argued that it made sense to allow infinity to be shifted down among the integers .
David Nicol did not agree with this and suggested that the way things were currently made some sort of sense .
Zefram came back and said that it was probably too late to try and be more strict on the matter : no doubt there 's someone out there who 's relying on the property that 3 >> 1 == 1 . Roland Giersig wondered what Inf >>
Inf and Inf << Inf should return , to which Zefram made a reasonable proposition .
and I thought they said Perl was for text processing http://xrl.us/beteq
Continuing in a numerical recipes vein , Nicholas reported that he had committed a change that will generate a warning if code tries to increment or decrement an integer beyond the last possible integer representation .
at the end of the line http://xrl.us/betes
Unfortunately , Andreas König was able to foil this plan with the careful application of the " - O2 " optimisation switch .
This caused " t/ op / inc.t " to begin to fail .
Nicholas Clark could n't see a way to sneak a couple of instructions past the compiler to make it do the right thing .
Jerry D. Hedden also found that it warned about things that we really do n't care about .
back to the drawing board http://xrl.us/beteu
MIME types for module data Mark Overmeer wondered if there was some overall MIME type available for Perl that would allow module slinging around private data sets in a more orderly manner .
Zefram gave an example of what an officially sanctioned IANA MIME type would look like .
Mark wondered if you would have to pay a visit to IANA for each module .
is this free as in beer ?
http://xrl.us/betew
Onto perl 5.8.9 ( Perl @ 32984 ) Nicholas Clark took a snapshot of the maintenance track to see how it would fare as a putative 5.8.9 .
He was hoping such a thing could be released before the German Perl Workshop , 5.10.1 or Christmas .
Windows is behaving pretty well at the moment , thanks to Steve Hay 's tireless smoking .
Other platforms were doing less well : VMS was grumpy although Craig Berry and John E. Malmberg were on hand to smooth over the rough bits .
David Cantrell noted severe breakage on a Cray , a Silicon Graphics IRIX box and NetBSD / Alpha as well .
in need of TLC http://xrl.us/bete2
In fact , IRIX cannot compile 5.10.0 , for that matter .
http://xrl.us/bete4
Jerry D. Hedden also wondered about how the maint patch level should be defined in patchlevel.h .
http://xrl.us/bete8
C for Perl programmers ?
Michael G. Schwern asked how a Perl programmer who knows no C might go about picking it up .
A number of techniques were suggested , and books proposed .
http://xrl.us/betfa
What we all want [ Note from the summariser : I have seriously overrun my time budget for this week .
The following discussions are about major changes that people want to see in 5.12 .
The first items are continuations of threads from last week .
The new threads have been summarised ] .
am I a method call ?
http://xrl.us/betfc anonymous packages
http://xrl.us/betfe named parameters
http://xrl.us/betfg method declaration http://xrl.us/betfi saner behaviour for `length` http://xrl.us/betfk
Direct BigInt ( and BigRat ) support http://xrl.us/betfn allowing trailing naked blocks in prototyped sub calls Aristotle Pagaltzis wanted " foo 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 { say @_ } " to do something nifty , given an appropriate " foo " routine .
Rafael nodded and said it would be nice to have .
http://xrl.us/betfp named parameters + prototypes + methods + aliases
The thread on naming subroutine parameters continued on this week with all sorts of syntax ideas and semantic considerations bandied about .
Rafael brought it down to earth with the restating of the aliasing syntax that has been proposed in the TODO list for a long time .
The best aspect of his proposal was that it was simple enough to stand a reasonable chance of being implemented .
http://xrl.us/betfr
Empty attributes
As part of the named parameters thread , Peter Scott wondered why " my $ x := 24 " compiled and ran normally .
It turns out that it 's being parsed as an empty attribute list .
So it 's allowed , but it does absolutely nothing .
Peter wondered why it was so .
No -one was able to give an explanation .
Rafael thought it was a parser bug until Peter pointed to the tests that pin down the behaviour .
time for an archeological expedition http://xrl.us/betft
Recurse into current " qr / / " Moritz Lenz has started to play with the new " (? R ) " recursive sub pattern and was saddened to discover that it could n't recurse across a " qr " boundary .
Yves Orton did n't dismiss the idea out of hand , but said that it did n't weigh much against his current list of priorities .
The best chance of it happening would depend on what Dave Mitchell and he planned to do to the regexp engine in the future .
maybe we 'll get it for free http://xrl.us/betfv
Tail calls for methods Yuval Kogman noted that it was difficult to do tail recursion cleanly in Perl , and suggested that with a dash of " tailcall " syntactic sugar , it would allow the compilation phase to do the right thing .
Part of the problem concerns what to do with " caller " , which was covered in a thread a few weeks ago .
Jim Cromie restated his op mashup idea , of combining adjacent " leavesub " / " entersub " ops .
Nicholas Clark thought that it could be prototyped using an external XS module .
http://xrl.us/betfx
A working SUPER Johann Vromans lamented that " SUPER " referred to the superclass ( es ) of the package , and not that or those of the object .
Stevan Little thought that the new MRO infrastructure in 5.10 may be of some help .
Some people mentioned " NEXT " as coming close , but a common theme was that it was too slow .
At the end of the week , no real concensus had been reached .
that 's really super , super - girl http://xrl.us/betfz
Clean up dereferencing syntax for slices Curtis " Ovid " Poe proposed a simplification for slicing arrays and hashes .
Everyone agrees the current syntax , especially when references come into the picture , is pretty horrendous .
Ricardo Signes found the fatal flaw , and so Ovid suggested a more alien syntax with a sigil after the arrow , which made Ricardo wonder if it could n't be done with an autoboxed method , at the expense of a bit of verbiage .
Zefram found the fatal flaw in that idea : if the thing being sliced is a blessed reference then the method resolution may call something else .
back to the drawing board http://xrl.us/betf3
Patches of Interest Double free error in 5.10.0 Gerard Goossen proposed a patch to fix the " s///ge " / " FREETMPS " problem .
Unapplied .
http://xrl.us/betf5
Nicholas wondered if there was another way to achieve the goal .
http://xrl.us/betf7
2..Inf and beyond
The thread continued this week , with the more pragmatic porters pointing out that one should really use a while ( 1 ) loop and increment a counter variable each time through the loop .
Michael G. Schwern said that was okay if you were used to procedural languages , but if all you had ever known were Perl ranges it would be nice if they did the right thing .
At the end of thread , people started to coalesce upon the idea of an new internal type that would provide a direct connection to a bigintish datatype , be it a fast C library like GMP or a slower pure - Perl implementation .
http://xrl.us/betf9 perlintern.pod : " PAD_CLONE_VARS " 's parameter list mangled Steven Schubiger supplied a small apidoc patch , which was applied .
http://xrl.us/betgb
New and old bugs from RT Outdated " Test : : Harness : : Straps " ( #49504 ) Imacat offered to take over the maintenance of " Test : : Harness : : Straps " ( insofar as this involves watching over a dying patient and waiting until it is safe to pull the plug on the life support systems , and made an impassioned plea defending her approach to smoke testing CPAN modules .
Apart from that , the thread devolved into your standard argument regarding " Module : : Build " * versus * " ExtUtils : : MakeMaker " .
Everyone remained very polite , more credit to the porters , but the reader must forgive the summariser for not going into more detail than saying that the versions of the CPAN shell bundled with older releases of Perl are the root of many problems @@@FIXME@@@
One new item to come out the discussion , however , was Michael G. Schwern 's observation that " Module : : Build " 's auto - generated README was pretty hopeless , yet it would be a Simple Matter Of Programming to make it do a better job .
hey !
Module : : Build is bundled with 5.10 http://xrl.us/betgd do your part for useful READMEs
http://rt.cpan.org//Ticket/Display.html?id=32391
" open ': locale ' " now works ( #49646 ) Rafael Garcia - Suarez and Mashrab Kuvatov sorted out what the problem was and fixed it up , and the thread painted the bikeshed green .
http://xrl.us/betgf glibc error using " Tie : : File " on 5.10 ( #49724 )
Testcase needs to be slimmed down before anything can be done to diagnose the problem .
come and look on my screen
http://xrl.us/betgh
Regular expression delimiter sensitivity ( #49800 )
Someone reported a regular expression changing behaviour when run outside or inside the debugger .
is ?
a wise choice for a regexp delimiter ?
http://xrl.us/betgj
Encode " from_to ( ) " does not return on invalid conversion ( #49830 )
Someone spotted some new behaviour in the version of " Encode " bundled with 5.10 .
Paging Dan Kogai .
http://xrl.us/betgm
XS OVERLOAD keyword causes incorrect C code generation ( #49844 ) Salva Fandiño reported a problem using the " OVERLOAD " clause in an XS file .
Torsten Schönfeld reported that an equivalent bug report was filed against the " ExtUtils : : ParseXS " queue , but had received no replies .
http://xrl.us/betgo
Bad rounding on " int ( log ( ) ) " ( #49872 ) Roland Giersig ran into problems with integer truncation of calculations involving logarithms , and was surprised by some of the results .
People explained that it was due to floating point imprecision ( as usual ) .
fuzzing around http://xrl.us/betgq " gmtime ( ) " / " localtime ( ) " do not use " time ( ) " ( #49914 )
Well they sort of do , but Abe Timmerman discovered that if you override " time " , the " gmtime " and " localtime " routines will happily ignore the override , and continue to use the underlying code that returns the epoch .
time time time , see what 's become of me http://xrl.us/betgs
Ambigous Configure run / make error ( #49946 ) Stefan Schlotterbeck - Macht was seriously Warnocked after getting stuck trying to cross-compile Perl onto avr32 - linux platform .
hints wanted http://xrl.us/betgu
Perl 5.10 @ISA bug ( #49952 )
Andrei Galea uncovered some @ISA behaviour modification in 5.10 when using " Tk " .
hairy inheritance http://xrl.us/betgw perl fails to compile in " B:: C " ( #49974 ) A cautionary tail : if you " rsync " the latest source , you must ensure that you do so with the " - - delete " switch .
Sometimes dead wood makes a log jam .
we gave it the axe http://xrl.us/betgy
Perl5 Bug Summary 14 new + 1474 open = 1788 ( created 8 , closed 0 ) http://xrl.us/betg2
http://rt.perl.org/rt3/NoAuth/perl5/Overview.html
This is the BBC Getopt : : Euclid 0.1.0
The current state of blead made one " Getopt " module fail , this one by Damain Conway .
that 's ok , there are plenty of others
http://xrl.us/betg4
In Brief Robin Barker had some consting goodness applied to regexp .h
http://xrl.us/betg6
H.Merijn Brand tried building perl on Cygwin and ran into trouble .
Reini Urban stepped up to help him out , offering a few suggestions every Cygwin blead smoker needs to know .
http://xrl.us/betg8
Jerry D. Hedden had a pile of taint test fixes for Cygwin , and this made all the tests pass .
This made Nicholas Clark happy .
http://xrl.us/betha
David Landgren wondered whether " is " behaved correctly for tied objects when one needs to write " ok ( $x == 1 ) " instead of " cmp_ok ( $x , ' == ' , 1 ) " but received no reply .
fringe benefits
http://xrl.us/bethc
Jan Dubois noted that " File : : GlobMapper " , part of the " IO : : Compress " infrastructure , should not be marked as an alpha release ( since it 's now in 5.10 ) .
Paul Marquess agreed , and promised to push out a new version , * sans * the message of doom .
good thing it 's dual - lifed http://xrl.us/bethe
Sébastien Aperghis - Tramoni found a small bug in microperl regarding uconfig.h ; Steve Peters regenerated it into a healthy state .
http://xrl.us/bethg
Steven Schubiger thought that the documentation for " sv_cmp_locale " should not say " see also " sv_cmp_locale " " .
Not applied .
recursion : see recursion
http://xrl.us/bethi
Salvador Fandiño wondered if the new hints infrastructure could help solve the bug regarding overloading constants not propagating into string " eval " s. gotta perlbug id ?
http://xrl.us/bethk
Jan Dubois reported that " Compress : : Zlib " 1.42 was failing tests on both blead and maint , and pointed to an older thread on the matter .
Nicholas Clark backed the change out of maint .
http://xrl.us/bethn
" Text : : Balance " received a better version number in maint .
http://xrl.us/bethp
Nicholas also suggested that distinguishing between " use warnings " and " use warnings ' all ' " would allow the porters to ease the restrictions in adding new warnings to maintenance releases .
it never used to do that !
http://xrl.us/bethr
Johan Vromans complained about smoke runs complaining about inconsistent test results between TEST and harness .
Some tests are known to be very sensitive to timing issues and system load .
So the tests should either go , or be marked as informational ( and thus insufficient grounds for aborting a launch ) .
all systems go http://xrl.us/betht
While hacking on kurila , Gerard Goossen spotted what he thought may be a latent bug in the routine " do_openn " in doio.c , and thought someone more intimate with the code should see if it was a problem .
http://xrl.us/bethv
He also proposed a patch , not applied , that would cause " - DT " to report forced tokens ( during tokenisation ) .
what you always wanted to know http://xrl.us/bethx
Andrea König produced a patch for " YAML : : Syck " to make it aware of the 5.11 native REGEXP type .
Audrey Tang took the patch and pushed version 1.01 out the door .
Michael G. Schwern thought the patch was a bit clunky , but Nicholas pointed out that the way it was written prevents dead code from forming in 5.10 and below .
http://xrl.us/bethz
Jerry D. Hedden uncovered a problem with a target needed for " suidperl " .
Even though the resulting binary is vaguely deprecated , Nicholas Clark managed to get thing running smoothly again .
until the next time it breaks
http://xrl.us/beth3
Jerry noted that the change did n't make it past the door .
http://xrl.us/beth5
David Cantrell wanted to be able to " lchown " in perl 5.12 , so Yitzchak wrote a patch to do it for him .
http://xrl.us/beth7
Nicholas Clark had a bit of trouble fiddling with version numbers in " Test : : Harness " , as there are now three active branches in the repository .
head , explodes http://xrl.us/beth9
Johnathon Rockway related a question from the " perl - qa " mailing list , as it relates to " is_deeply " and " qr / / " on 5.11 http://xrl.us/betib
Nicholas saw how " itersave " in used " struct block_loop " , but wondered why , and whether it was ever , or still , necessary .
http://xrl.us/betid
About this summary
This summary was written by David Landgren .
last week 's , reduced to clear http://xrl.us/betif
Weekly summaries are published on http://use.perl.org/ and posted on a mailing list , ( subscription : perl5-summary-subscribe@perl.org ) .
The archive is at http://dev.perl.org/perl5/list-summaries/.
Corrections and comments are welcome .
If you found this summary useful , please consider contributing to the Perl Foundation to help support the development of Perl .
This Week on perl5 - porters - 13-19 January 2008 by David Landgren
【 11月21 日 AFP】電機大手日立製作所（ Hitachi ）は21日、小型で軽量の対話型ロボット「EMIEW（エミュー、Excellent Mobility and Interactive Existence as Workmate ）2 （ EMIEW 2 ）」を開発したと発表した。「人と共存し人をサポートするロボット」を目的に開発された「EMIEW
2」は身長80センチ、重量13キロで、脚部が二輪および四輪の脚車輪に変形し、移動できる。二輪移動時のスピードは時速6キロ。脚車輪型移動ができるロボットは、「EMIEW
2」が世界初だという。茨城県ひたちなか市の同社機械研究所で披露された「EMIEW
2」は、報道陣を前に最大幅3センチの溝を乗り越えてみせた。(c)AFP
From Joyoftech , you may have thought that the Macbook Air was just some silly contraption without any practical application .
But then again , you may have wet the bed last night and gambled your life savings away in pyramid " investments . "
Honestly , we do n't rely on you for your opinions since your little stint in rehab and that time we left the kitchen for a moment only to find all our whipped cream bottles drained of pressure , unable to dress the pie .
Sorry .
Regardless , this cartoon is pretty funny .
Enjoy .
[ joyoftech via newlaunches ]
Advertisement
Climate and Evolution
Press Release From : ESA Venus Express Mission
Posted : Thursday , November 29 , 2007
Images
Today , Venus is a hellish place of high temperatures and crushing air pressure .
Venus Express is showing that this was not always the case .
Instead , some time in the past , Venus was probably much more Earth - like and contained large quantities of water .
Planetary scientists have long wondered just how Earth - like Venus is or might have been .
Until the 1960s , astronomers speculated that Venus might be a tropical forest planet .
This view changed when microwave observations began to suggest an extremely hot surface .
The Russian and American spacecraft of the 1960s and 70s confirmed that Venus possesses surface temperatures of over 400*C and surface pressure a hundred times that of Earth .
The winds in Venus 's atmosphere are severe , blowing at speeds of up to , and over , a 100 m/s .
Yet , as fierce as they are , not even the winds from the giant south polar vortex extend all the way down to the planet 's surface .
Venus Express can see down to about 45 - 50 km above the surface in the south polar region .
Feeding this data into computer models suggests that the vortex cannot penetrate into the lower atmosphere because of the great density of gas there .
" It is difficult to move around such a heavy mass of atmosphere .
We do not expect big winds at the surface of Venus , " says Giuseppe Piccioni , IASF - Istituto Nazionale di Astrofisica , Italy .
How did Venus turn out like this ?
Geologists say that the present is a clue to the past and the same is true for atmospheric physics .
Venus Express has revealed an atmospheric process that points to a catastrophic event in Venus 's history .
" Venus has suffered a radical climate disaster but we do n't yet know how , why and when , " says David Grinspoon , a Venus Express interdisciplinary scientist from the Denver Museum of Nature and Science , Colorado , USA .
The disaster was the loss of Venus 's water .
If you could condense all of the water vapour in Venus 's atmosphere , it would create a thin covering of water just 3 - cm thick .
For comparison , if Earth were a smooth ball , all of the water in the oceans and atmosphere would create a covering 3 - km deep .
Venus may once have had this much water as well but it has been gradually stripped off into space by the collision of energetic particles from the Sun .
Today , Venus Express has shown that the last remnants of the process are still taking place with the escape of hydrogen and oxygen from the top of the atmosphere .
" We now know that Venus was once more Earth - like , " says Grinspoon , " We cannot tell the full story yet , but the data we are getting shows that Venus Express will reveal the history of water on Venus .
Venus has no seasons because its rotation axis is already perpendicular to its orbit .
It rotates just once in 243 Earth days and has a very massive atmosphere .
This is chiefly composed of carbon dioxide with clouds primarily of sulphuric acid droplets .
It sounds nothing like Earth , and yet , thanks to Venus Express , planetary scientists now know that it can be explained in the same framework , but with Venus being driven in a different direction .
" The three most important parameters that determine a planet 's ' behaviour ' are its distance from the Sun , its surface pressure and its rotation rate , " says Fred Taylor , a Venus Express interdisciplinary scientist from the University of Oxford , UK .
So , although Venus is similar in size to Earth , it is drastically different in the three parameters that drive its behaviour .
Wave events showing lightning at Venus
There is another large unknown in the evolution of the atmosphere : the amount of lightning on the planet .
Lightning drives the chemistry of an atmosphere by breaking molecules into fragments that can then join other fragments in unexpected ways .
Nitric oxide formed in this manner is present in sufficient quantities to be detected from Earth .
" There may be as much lightning on Venus as there is on Earth , " says Chris Russell at the University of California at Los Angeles , who was part of the magnetometer team that searched for , and found , lightning on Venus .
Throughout its extended mission , Venus Express will continue collecting vital data to better understand the evolution of this fascinating planet .
Back to latest Venus Express results
Notes for editors :
This article is making reference to the following papers , appearing in the 29 November 2007 issue of the scientific journal Nature :
' A warm layer in Venus ' cryosphere and high - altitude measurements of HF , HCL , H2O and HDO , by J - L. Bertaux et al .
' Venus loses its water through the plasma wake ' , by S.Barabash et al .
' South - polar features on Venus similar to those near the north pole ' , by G.Piccioni et al .
' Lightning on Venus inferred from whistler - mode waves in the ionosphere ' , by C.T. Russell et al .
For more information
David Grinspoon , Venus Express Interdisciplinary Scientist , Denver Museum of Nature & Science , Colorado , US Email : David .
Grinspoon @ dmns.org
Chris Russel , MAG co-Investigator , Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics , Univ. of California , US Email : Ctrussel @ igpp.ucla.edu
Fred Taylor , Venus Express interdisciplinary scientist , University of Oxford , UK Email : Fwt @ atm.ox.ac.uk
Jean - Loup Bertaux , SPICAV / SOIR Principal Investigator , Service d'Aeronomie du CNRS Email : Jean - Loup.
Bertaux @ aerov.jussieu.fr
Giuseppe Piccioni , VIRTIS co-Principal Investigator , IASF - Istituto Nazionale di Astrofisica , Italy Email : Giuseppe .
Piccioni @ iasf-roma.inaf.it
Stanislav Barabash , ASPERA Principal Investigator , Swedish Institute of Space Physics , Kiruna , Sweden Email : Stas @ irf.se
Hakan Svedhem , ESA 's Venus Express Project Scientist Email : Hakan .
Svedhem @ esa.int
// end //
More news releases and status reports or top stories .
Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
I want to start out here by saying I 'm totally in favor of progress when it comes to computers .
I understand that I now have enough computing power on my desktop to send the Library of Congress to the moon , and I 'm very pleased about that , because if nothing else it means I almost have enough power to navigate Orgrimmar without my frame rate dipping into single digits .
You 're not going to hear me complaining about how kids these days do n't know how to sharpen a slide rule or extract typewriter ink from the rare but majestic Underwood squid .
Alt Text Podcast
Download audio files and subscribe to the Alt Text podcast .
Having said that , I 've been known to settle back in my easy chair , a snifter of brandy warming in my palm , and indulge in a bit of nostalgia .
I 'm very happy with the current state of computing , but I have to admit there 's one thing I miss about the beige , boxy computers that kept me company through my childhood :
The noises they made .
In particular , I miss the warm , grumpy sounds of the floppy drive .
I remember sneaking into my grandparents ' computer room – that 's right , my grandfather got me into computers ; he is an awesome man – at 6 in the morning , unable to wait until everyone 's awake for another round of greenish videogaming .
I extract a floppy , an actual floppy that flops , from the treasure - trove of pirated games and slide one into the drive .
I switch it on and I 'm greeted with a startled beep and a clatter from the hard drive , followed by a series of mechanical grunts as the machine wearily rummages for data .
Looking back , I 'm reminded of a Victorian - era butler , awoken by the lord of the manor 's young scion , deferentially performing whatever unreasonable duties have been laid upon him .
" Yes , yes , you want to play Karateka again , of course , no rest for the weary , I 'll just find the data for you shall I ?
You know , there 's a lovely television in the living room , it could ... no , no , you want to punch things , of course , I understand , I 'll have it for you in no time . "
Better yet , when something went wrong you could hear it .
Hell , you could practically feel it .
The drive would respond to a corrupt disk with a scraping shudder that resonated in your spinal column .
You did n't get a dialog box with an exclamation point and a polite boop , you got a death rattle .
While we 're at it , I miss the screeching of the dot - matrix printer .
It lent a certain urgency to the creation of yard - sale signs and book reports , like the cries of a thousand paperboys announcing the sinking of the Lusitania .
Citizens gather around my printer and world leaders pause in their machinations to await the emergence of my latest document : ASCII art of Mr. Spock .
Skipping ahead about a decade , I also miss modem noise .
I have DSL at home now , and the only indication of a healthy connection is a series of identical rectangular green lights .
My old 2,400 - baud modem used to inform me I was connecting to a dialup BBS with a miniature industrial symphony , the sound of two computers locating each other across a vast expanse like primates in the jungle , only one of the primates has 32 - color pictures of naked women for the other primate .
Each new increase in modem speed brought with it new variations on the theme .
I particularly enjoyed the whooshing sound of a landing spaceship that came with later , faster modems .
Apparently there are still people who connect using dialup , and Google has evidence that many of those people are searching for a way to turn the connection noises off .
Do n't do it , people !
Treasure what you have , even if it puts your teeth on edge and makes the poodle lose its hair .
You hold a small jewel of sonic expression that will soon be lost to the winds of progress .
Or just get DSL , it 's great .
- - -
Born helpless , nude and unable to provide for himself , Lore Sjöberg eventually overcame these handicaps to become a historian , a historiographer and a histamine .
Crazy CES Revelations That Wo n't Happen
Foolproof Online Dating Tips for Desperate Guys
Breasts , Violas and Tulips : Alt Predictions for 2008
Easy Ways to End All Diseases Immediately ( and Forever )
Amazon 's Insidious Plan to Create Shopping Automatons
GOLDEN — The Arapahoe County sheriff has opened an internal investigation into the actions of an off - duty deputy who shot and killed a man in a traffic altercation .
The probe of Deputy Daniel Montana Jr. in the Nov. 2 shooting was launched Monday — the same day it was announced a Jefferson County grand jury did not indict the deputy .
“ I did n’t think it was appropriate to conduct an internal investigation when there ’s grand jury proceedings , ” Arapahoe County Sheriff Grayson Robinson said .
Robinson said he did n’t know how long the investigation would take .
Montana , who remains on administrative leave , has been assigned to the detentions unit since he joined Arapahoe County in 1991 .
A grand jury decided late Friday not to indict the deputy .
The family of David Rossiter , 25 , of Sheridan , Mont. , was told Sunday of the grand jury ’s decision by Jefferson County District Attorney Scott Storey , who traveled to Montana to deliver the news in person .
“ They are shocked and disappointed , ” said the Rossiter family ’s attorney , Stephanie Kruer .
“ The Rossiters put their faith in the criminal - justice system , and they are astounded the grand jury came to the decision they did . ”
“ I felt ( a ) personal sense of obligation ” to talk with them , Storey said .
He described the private conversation as “ difficult , very difficult . ”
“ It ’s a wonderful family , very dignified , very polite , ” Storey said .
Kruer said the family has directed her to file a civil case , which should be done within the next few weeks .
Lakewood police said Montana , 49 , of Golden , shot Rossiter during a roadside confrontation at West Sixth Avenue and Indiana Street .
The altercation involving Rossiter and Michael Hunter , the driver of the pickup in which Rossiter was riding , may have begun with a cigarette butt tossed from the truck that landed on Montana ’s vehicle .
The autopsy report released Monday showed the fatal bullet broke three ribs before piercing Rossiter ’s right lung and heart .
The “ large - caliber , copper - jacketed lead bullet ” was recovered during the autopsy .
Rossiter had cuts and a broken middle finger and thumb on his right hand , according to the report , and the knuckles on his left hand had cuts , scrapes and bruises .
A second bullet entered Rossiter ’s thigh and traveled upwards , exiting through Rossiter ’s buttock .
That bullet was not recovered .
Criminal charges are unlikely to be filed unless there is new or additional information .
Without commenting about possible charges , Storey said , “ The grand jury ’s burden of proof is probable cause . ”
A prosecutor ’s burden , which is more demanding , is to prove , beyond a reasonable doubt , that a crime has been committed , he said .
Storey said he decided to present the case to a grand jury because grand juries “ are a good barometer of the community standard , especially in a case like this where there is loss of life . ”
The grand jury process “ aided this investigation , ” Storey said .
“ This investigation was very thorough and meticulous . ”
Storey said that because of secrecy requirements in state law , he could not comment on what was presented to the grand jury , nor could he comment on why the grand jury did not issue an indictment .
Ann Schrader : 303-278-3217 or aschrader@denverpost.com
A clarification ran on this article , in print .
This version reflects more detailed information about the autopsy findings ,
YORK , England , Nov. 2 — Deep in the bowels of the York Dungeon , visitors were being treated to a dramatic rendition of the horrific torture and bloodcurdling screams of Guy Fawkes , the city ’s most famous deceased resident .
Up at the cash register , Kate Stapylton , the duty manager , was talking about the health and safety regulations governing the attraction .
No wet floors .
No obstructions in the passageways .
Many well - lighted emergency exits .
But even with her respect for such policies —
“ You do n’t want anyone to hurt themselves , ” she said — Ms. Stapylton said it was a bit much that , apparently because of health and safety rules , York would not be sponsoring a traditional fireworks celebration for Guy Fawkes Night on Monday .
“ Personally , I think it ’s a bit silly , ” she said .
York , along with many other municipalities , has often been the scene of huge events — fireworks , bonfires , the burning of creepy effigies of Fawkes — to commemorate the failure of Fawkes ’s plan to blow up Parliament and the king in 1605 , a shocking moment in British history .
But in the face of increasingly onerous regulations , none are taking place in the city this year .
No one — not the local government , nor any local group — wanted to spend the money to “ address the health and safety measures of having large numbers of people in close proximity to the fireworks , ” a spokeswoman for the City of York Council said .
Last updated at 21:41 09 January 2008
Meet the ancestors : Charles II , Oliver Cromwell , Napoleon and Clive of India .
Recreated in breathtaking details , portraits of four famous historical figures ... starring their modern - day descendents
CHARLES II
When he was 19 his father , Charles I , was executed after the Parliamentarians beat the Royalists in the Civil War .
Charles was crowned King of Scotland in 1651 , but after defeat in battle fled to the Continent for nine years .
Charles ( 1630 - 1685 ) returned to the throne after Cromwell 's death .
Known as the Merry Monarch , he had many mistresses , but left no legitimate heir .
Scroll down for more ...
LIVING RELATIVE : Lord Charles FitzRoy
Nine times great - grandson of Charles II and long - time mistress Barbara Villiers , Lord Charles FitzRoy , a 50 - year - old father - of - two , is a London - based fine art tour specialist .
He says : " People have the impression that Charles II was a fun-loving merry monarch with his mistresses , but in reality he had to be cunning and manipulative to survive . "
Charles has recently written a book , Return Of The King ; The Restoration Of Charles II , about his famous ancestor and adds : " He was an impressive man and one of the more intelligent of English kings . "
In our photograph , Charles is wearing a curly poodle wig and his fine moustache has been created by a make - up artist .
He 's standing in front of a real drape but the rest of the background , and the suit of armour , have been digitally added .
The sword and the staff are real .
" My royal connection does n't alter who I am , " he says , " but it does change some people 's perceptions of me .
Deep down , I find it faintly embarrassing in this day and age . "
OLIVER CROMWELL
An MP who played a leading role in bringing Charles I to trial and execution , Cromwell ( 1599 - 1658 ) later led the Roundheads in the English Civil Wars of the 1640s and his success on the battlefield and his skill as a politician led him to power as Lord Protector - the head of state , and for some a " king in all but name " .
LIVING RELATIVE : Charlie Bush
Nine times great - grandson of Oliver Cromwell , the 64 - year - old from Taunton , Somerset , was raised on a farm in Kenya and is now a technical support manager working in Australia in the agricultural machinery industry .
He is married with three grown - up children .
Scroll down for more ...
He says : " In Kenya we did n't learn much about the English Civil War .
I find it hard to make the connection with such a famous relative , though I suppose we share a bullish determination - I 've worked my way up through the ranks and admire what Cromwell did . "
Mr Bush 's heirlooms , including portraits and swords , are on display in The Cromwell Museum in Huntingdon , Cromwell 's birthplace .
" Having a famous ancestor has n't made a difference , but I am immensely proud of my roots , " he says .
For the pictorial recreation , Mr Bush is wearing a wig and has had make - up applied so his skin - tone matches that of Cromwell .
His shirt , the black breast - plate and the chain round his neck are all props , but the medallion has been digitally enhanced .
NAPOLEON
Bonaparte ( 1769 - 1821 ) was one of the greatest military commanders in history .
Through his conquests and ruthless efficiency , he rose from obscurity to become Napoleon I , Emperor of the French , but was finally defeated by Wellington at Waterloo in 1815 .
After his surrender , he was imprisoned by the British on St Helena in the South Atlantic , where he died six years later .
Scroll down for more ...
LIVING RELATIVE : Hugo de Salis
Managing director and joint founder of a financial PR company in London , Hugo de Salis , 36 , is the great - great - great - great - grandson of Napoleon .
He can trace his family line back through the affair the Emperor had with Emilie Pellapra , who gave birth to a daughter , from whom he is descended .
He says : " Napoleon achieved so much for France in recovering after the chaos and disintegration of the Revolution , restoring law and order , a new legal system and a new social structure .
" In effect , he gave the country back its self - esteem .
Character - wise , he reportedly liked sun and the good life , so I suppose we do have something in common .
" Having a famous ancestor can be fun at times .
One night out in Paris , my friends and I descended on the Bar Napoleon .
The proprietor said if I could prove my ancestry , there would be free drinks all round .
" My dad was telephoned at the dead of night and persuaded to fax through a copy of the family tree .
As they say , the rest is history . "
This picture was the most difficult to reproduce , as Napoleon 's original study at the Tuileries was later burned down during the Communard uprising .
So in our reconstruction , the chair and desk had to be specially built , then digitally enhanced to resemble the original , while others ( for example the bookcase ) were created from scratch using computer imagery .
The clock was painted on a flat surface and digital techniques were applied later to make it appear three - dimensional .
CLIVE OF INDIA
Robert Clive , 1st Baron Clive of Plassey in the Irish peerage ( 1725 - 1774 ) , was one of the key figures in the creation of British India .
Born in Shropshire , he was sent to Madras to join the East India Company in 1743 and when war broke out between Britain and France in India in 1751 he volunteered for military service and seized and held the city of Arcot , his first major victory .
Scroll down for more ...
He later became governor of Bengal , but was later forced to defend himself against charges of corruption and committed suicide on November 22 , 1774 .
LIVING RELATIVE : Robert Holden
Great - great - great - great - great grandson of Clive of India , the 51 - year - old fine art agent is based in London and married with 10 - year - old twins .
He says : " I 've always been proud of the connection , but I would n't want to swop places .
Clive of India was ill - he took opium to suppress terrible abdominal pains - and committed suicide at just 49 . "
In the photograph , Robert is wearing a wig and make - up to give his face the same ruddy glow as that displayed by Clive
The backdrop has been painted but the costume and the tricornered hat he is holding in his left hand are real .
" I 'm not aware of any similarities - physically or character wise , " he says .
" Clive was determined and resolute though not a particularly nice man . "
Through his work as a fine art agent , Robert has organised the sale of a number of Clive of India heirlooms .
These include a 9in jade bottle encrusted with gold , emeralds , rubies and diamonds , which sold for £ 2.6 million - a world record for Indian art .
" I was in Delhi a few years ago , " he says , " and mentioned the family connection to my taxi driver .
He started yelling something out of the window to the soldiers at the Red Fort 's elephant gate and they all leapt to attention and saluted me , opening it for us to drive through .
" I also once went to a fancy dress party as Clive of India , but everyone thought I was George III . "
The pickup with “ Official Rocket Recovery Vehicle ” on its side bounced across the rutted dry lake bed kicking up silt .
Andy Tryon glanced over his shoulder at his baby cradled in back .
In a few minutes , his crew would gently place the Desert Hawk on the launch pad and arm it with an igniter .
Showtime , and Tryon was nervous .
The rocket represented three months ’ labor .
He needed to solve the engineering flaw that doomed the Desert Hawk ’s three previous launches .
The camouflage paint job alone took two weeks .
On the rocket ’s fins were inspirational quotes from the Bible , Shakespeare , the heavy metal band Molly Hatchet and the theme song from the television show “ Star Trek : Enterprise . ”
Advertisement
“ There ’s a heck of a lot of trial and error in this hobby , ” said Tryon , a 41 - year - old from Victorville who drives a forklift for Wal - Mart and has the quirky earnestness of a Trekkie .
“ We refer to it as the bug ; either it bites you or it does n’t .
But when it bites , it bites in a big way .
Did for me . ”
Tryon ’s goal is to make a name for himself in the ambitious world of model rocketry .
If that conjures up images of a junior high science fair , think again .
The Desert Hawk is 10 feet tall and weighs 126 pounds .
Launching it required high - altitude clearance from the Federal Aviation Administration .
It ’s fueled by a mixture of ammonium perchlorate and synthetic rubber -- known as APCP , it ’s essentially what powers the space shuttle .
What was once a simple boyhood hobby spawned by the Cold War ’s space race has transformed into extreme rocketry , a subculture dominated by middle - aged men who harness technology , testosterone and their credit cards in the pursuit of ever - greater thrust and altitude .
Advertisement
“ The final result of all the work is that you light a motor and there ’s a big old bunch of noise , smoke and flames , ” said Richard “ Wedge ” Oldham , who lives in the San Fernando Valley and builds replicas of Cold War-era missiles that break the sound barrier .
“ That appeals to guys . ”
It also got the attention of the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , which in recent years has tightened regulations on the purchase and storage of APCP , even in small amounts , because the agency classifies it as an explosive .
Heightened scrutiny since Sept. 11 , 2001 , threatens to affix training wheels to the hobby , said Ken Good , president of the Tripoli Rocketry Assn. , which along with another group has been locked in an eight - year court battle with the agency .
“ What ’s going to happen when an 18 - year - old tells his parents ‘ I ’ve got a new hobby , but I ’ve got to get a low - explosive users permit , and oh , by the way , the ATF is going to inspect our house to make sure it ’s being stored properly , ’ ” Good said .
“ The kid ’s parents are going to say ‘ Gee , can you find another hobby ? ’ ”
Advertisement
Or as Oldham put it : “ The ATF is worried that someone could use these things as a weapon .
We ’re lucky if we can hit the sky . ”
Oldham , a wiry 50 - year - old with steel - blue eyes and a Marlboro Reds habit , is well known among extreme rocketeers .
( “ Wedge is somebody I ’d aspire to , ” Tryon said . )
He is among the fewer than 100 rocket builders who tackle projects big enough to warrant attention at international events such as the annual Large and Dangerous Rocket Ships convention and the descriptively named BALLS launch in Nevada ’s Black Rock Desert .
--
Oldham joined scores of rocketeers who gathered in November at the federally managed Lucerne Dry Lake east of Victorville for the twice - a- year ROCstock , an event sponsored by the Rocketry Organization of California .
Advertisement
As Tryon readied the Desert Hawk for launch , Oldham drew a crowd simply by displaying a motor he used last year to propel a 700 - pound model of a Nike Ajax missile -- without a warhead , of course -- to 14,740 feet in 30 seconds .
The 6 - foot - long Q motor delivered an impressive 3,500 pounds of thrust .
Lying on a table , it looked like an innocuous sewer pipe .
“ May I take a video of this ? ” one man said , gingerly approaching the Q . “ Wow .
Whose is it ? ”
“ What ’cha got there , Wedge ?
Is that a Q? ” asked Paul Avery , 54 , an Agora Hills rocketeer who is working his way up to take on such a motor .
Advertisement
“ I do n’t have the experience , ” he explained .
“ It ’s serious stuff .
The least little thing goes wrong and it gets ugly quick . ”
The Nike Ajax model cost Oldham $ 10,000 -- $ 8,000 from refinancing his home .
His next project , a 45 - foot - long replica of a Nike Hercules , will cost twice as much .
It will have a first - stage thrust composed of four Q motors that will separate from the rocket at 10,000 feet .
Four seconds later , a more powerful S motor will ignite , propelling the Hercules to 30,000 feet .
( Rocket motors double in power with each step through the alphabet . )
“ It ’ll go supersonic .
About Mach 1.1 , ” Oldham said .
“ I do n’t know where the money is going to come from .
I just know I ’m going to build it . ”
Advertisement
Oldham stumbled onto extreme rocketry like many of his peers did -- in middle age when he introduced his childhood hobby to his teenage son .
“ As a kid in the early ‘ 60s , when the U.S. got into the space race , I was totally enthralled , ” he said .
“ Eventually the Navy and girls got in the way . ”
Unbeknown to Oldham , model rocketry had super - sized during the intervening years .
It was no longer just a kid ’s game .
His son eventually grew bored with rockets .
Oldham grew more intense .
“ I wake up thinking about rockets , and I go to bed thinking about rockets , ” said Oldham , a software engineer who has three framed photos of his most beloved projects .
“ It ’s not a hobby .
It ’s a passion and obsession . ”
Advertisement
Building a rocket from cardboard , plywood and fiberglass encompasses a variety of skills , including carpentry , electronics and aerodynamics .
Rockets need to be light enough to fly yet structurally sound enough to hold together , especially when parachutes engage and exert a tremendous amount of force on a fragile fuselage .
Some rocketeers are focused on fuel -- building motors that run on exotic combinations of black powder , sugar , liquid oxygen , kerosene and nitrous oxide .
Just do n’t call it an experiment .
“ The insurance companies do n’t like that , ” said Mark Hanson , president of the Rocketry Organization of California , whose weekday job is lighting the sets of television ’s “ Jeopardy ” and “ Wheel of Fortune . ”
Advertisement
“ For liability reasons , that ’s frowned upon .
So instead of experimental , now we call it research . ”
--
The history of modern rocketry is closely aligned with the dreams of amateurs .
Before he built ballistic missiles for the Nazis and later became the face of the U.S. space program , Wernher von Braun was a teenager smitten with the sky .
Aerospace engineers who grew up shooting off rockets are a dime a dozen .
“ In high school , I ’d buy aluminum tubes at the hardware store and mix up -- at great threat to life and limb -- some black gunpowder , ” said 80 - year - old David Elliott , who traveled the path from model rocketry to a career as a scientist at NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory in La Canada Flintridge .
“ The model airplane club watched from a safe distance . ”
Advertisement
An article in Popular Mechanics about rockets lured Elliott to Caltech .
While in college , he helped found the Reaction Research Society , a group of sophisticated hobbyists whose members still test high - powered rockets from blast bunkers in the desert near Edwards Air Force Base .
The science behind a homemade rocket that can travel more than 70 miles and rub shoulders with space -- as one did in 2004 -- has a lot in common with an actual missile .
“ Same propellants on a much bigger scale , ” Elliott said .
There is one key difference :
Because model rockets do n’t have guidance systems , they have to fly relatively straight or the owner risks a long hunt to retrieve it -- or something far worse .
Advertisement
At Lucerne Dry Lake , a spotter with a microphone counted down each launch .
Five .
Four .
Three .
Two .
One .
What happened next did n’t always go as planned .
Incoming !
Incoming !
Heads up !
It ’s coming down !
It ’s a bomb !
Ohhhh .
That ’s going to leave a mark .
Advertisement
There it goes .
. . .
Victorville here we come .
“ That ’s always unfortunate , ” Tryon said after one rocket cratered with a large thump .
“ But it ’s a crowd - pleaser . ”
As he waited his turn to launch , such misfortunes were never far from Tryon ’s mind .
The last flight of the Desert Hawk ended badly when the cord on its military surplus parachute ripped through the fiberglass nose cone .
To correct the problem , Tryon looped together sections of the cord and wrapped them with masking tape .
This time , when the chute deployed , Tryon hoped the tape , breaking in stages , would serve as a shock absorber .
This idea impressed his crew , which included Aldo Spadoni , a Northrop Grumman aerospace engineer , and Dave Eckhart , a 62 - year - old retired drywall carpenter .
Advertisement
Spadoni helped with the Desert Hawk ’s design and intends to do the same with Tryon ’s next project : a model of a two - stage Delta Heavy satellite launch vehicle .
“ It ’s the same as any aerospace project , ” Spadoni said .
“ I ca n’t wait to see the look on people ’s faces when we show up with a Delta rocket on our truck . ”
Eckhart , a former co-worker who introduced Tryon to extreme rocketry , has been launching homemade projects on Lucerne Dry Lake since the 1950s .
“ We launched mice .
Somehow or another they survived , ” Eckhart said of his early missions .
“ We made a cotton - padded capsule and when we opened it , there were lots of little black pellets in there , ” he said , raising his eyebrows .
For Tryon , a lot was at stake .
Time , money , but mostly pride .
His peers were watching .
Could he move up to the big leagues ?
Could he be certified , in essence , as an extreme rocketeer ?
Did he have the right stuff ?
Advertisement
“ If I have a catastrophic failure , I ’ll just have to show the good - old English stiff upper lip , ” Tryon said as he prepared to press a button that would send an electrical charge to the Desert Hawk and ignite its fuel .
Five .
Four .
Three .
Two .
One .
Thick black smoke spewed from the rocket ’s tail .
It lurched from the desert floor and roared into the atmosphere straight and true until it nearly disappeared .
“ Go , baby , go ! ” Tryon said , craning his neck , waiting for the parachute to deploy .
When it did -- smoothly , this time -- a cheer erupted from the crowd .
Tryon exhaled in relief .
Advertisement
“ I almost had a heart attack . ”
He had boldly gone where he had never gone before .
--
mike.anton@latimes.com
Headhunter Hell
It ’s been a long while since I posted anything , so I thought I would write about a topic that ’s been itch at my side for a while .
Before my holiday break , I was contacted by a recruiter about an opportunity that I may be interested in pursuing .
I get maybe two or three emails a week from headhunters , but a call to me at work surprisingly rare .
So after about fifteen minutes of general chit-chat , some really basic information about the employer , and touting how he can help me in my pursuit of a better opportunity , he asks me about what I do .
Wait a minute !
You want to know what I do ?
That was a very unusual request .
So , I asked him to elaborate .
He admitted to me that he did not know what my capabilities and skill sets are .
I was quite flabbergasted .
The recruiter calls me at work to talk about opportunities , but does n’t know anything about me .
So , I tell him about my software engineering experience .
I started with my present work and move backward in time .
All of a sudden , the recruiter interrupts me .
“ Have you done any Unix administration ? ”
“ No .
I am a software developer .
I ’ve only done very minimal administration . ” , I replied .
“ Well , I have this opportunity for a Unix system administrator .
Pay in near six - figures . ” , he said in a cool , smooth tone .
“ But I am not an administrator .
I work with software engineering .
I create software , not maintain machines . ” , I said , rolling my eyes .
“ Same difference . ” , he exclaimed .
At this point , I determined that this guy has no clue .
No matter if I asked if he had software engineering opportunities , he was going to steer me toward the high - paying ( and thus high - commission ) Unix system administrator position .
That ’s when I had to tell him that I am not interested in the opportunity .
“ Well , I am sorry to hear that .
Do you know of any one who may be interested in this position ? ”
What ?
You want me to give you a lead to one of my peers after that wonderful display of research and knowledge that you displayed to me ?
No , thank you .
I respectfully declined and ended the phone call .
There were many things so wrong with this conversation .
When a recruiter knows nothing about the jobs , nothing about the recruits , and pays attention to his commission rather than finding me the perfect opportunity , that shows utter disrespect to me and the potential employer .
I hate to see how many hours are wasted in phone calls , interviews , and paperwork , just to have a series of mismatched recruits get rejected .
So , to all you headhunters out there , I expect you to work for me , too !
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
It ’s only fitting that tomorrow the Republican presidential debates will come to an end precisely where they began almost nine long months ago — at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley , California , the closest thing the Republicans have to hallowed ground .
And it ’s to the memory of Reagan that the party turns as it struggles to hold together the fraying strands of the conservative coalition , one made up of traditional business interests , hawkish neoconservatives , Christian “ social conservatives , ” and libertarians .
Without strong support from each of these factions , the Republican nominee ’s road to the White House will become a nearly impossible climb .
Yet each of the field ’s leading candidates — John McCain , Mitt Romney , and Mike Huckabee — draws support from at best two or three of them .
As it stands , says John Samples of the libertarian Cato Institute , the Republican Party is suffering from “ depression , lack of interest , and confusion ” in the wake of the Bush years .
But all is not lost for the GOP .
There ’s nothing that pulls squabbling troops together more effectively than the need to defeat a common foe , and no enemy is more reviled among Republicans than Hillary Clinton .
The New Right coalition that launched the Reagan Revolution came together in the late 1970s to oppose such developments as Jimmy Carter ’s handover of the Panama Canal and the SALT II disarmament talks .
Appealing to business - minded fiscal conservatives from Main Street to Wall Street with its attack on New Deal regulation and social programs , the coalition also pleased many libertarians with its emphasis on reducing government , supporting states ’ rights , and defending national sovereignty against such threats as the United Nations .
It drew in social conservatives through its shrewd alliance with Jerry Falwell ’s Moral Majority and its opposition to such 1970s excesses as feminism and gay rights — and it was all held firmly together by anti-Communism .
By drawing these groups together , the New Right delivered the White House to Ronald Reagan in 1980 .
Reagan , a divorced former Hollywood actor , received two - thirds of the white Christian evangelical vote over Carter , who was himself a Christian evangelical from the Deep South .
He also won support from so - called Reagan Democrats — working - class voters who were drawn in , often against their own economic interests , by the Republican ’s tough stance on national security , crime , and what they saw as a too - permissive society .
The Heritage Foundation became the brain trust of the Reagan era , spelling out the nuts and bolts of the conservative revolution in a publication called Mandate for Leadership , a catalog of the most horrifying things liberals could imagine : privatization of everything from the nation ’s highways to the air - traffic control system ; closing down the Department of Education ; ending food stamps and welfare ; putting Medicare in private hands ; rolling back health , environmental , and corporate regulation ; and cutting taxes on the wealthy and on corporations .
These different projects were not considered to be ad hoc or pragmatic steps towards gaining power and running government .
They were thought of as ways to implement a conservative ideology .
Above all , New Right ideology sought to reverse the New Deal belief that government has the ability to aid , serve , and protect its people .
“ The nine most terrifying words in the English language , ” Reagan once said , “ are , ‘ I ’m from the government and I ’m here to help . ' ”
Such rhetoric — and the accompanying cuts to both taxes and social programs — was music to libertarian ears , as well as a boon to corporate profits .
Reagan cared less about crushing abortion and gay rights , but he paid enough lip service to issues of “ morality ” to keep the Bible - thumpers in the big tent , as well .
Reagan ’s zealous anti-communism initially won the hearts of the original crop of neoconservatives ( though they ultimately found him too fainthearted in his quest to expand the American empire ) .
Under the so - called Reagan Doctrine — also designed in large part by Heritage — U.S. troops remained at home , while covert support flowed to right - wing guerrilla insurgents ( then known as “ freedom fighters ” ) to help “ roll back ” communism in Latin America , Asia , and Africa .
He also benefited from the courage of democracy movements in Eastern Europe and Gorbachev - era reforms within the Soviet Union : Reagan may have said “ tear down this wall , ” but it ’s Lech Walesa and Vaclav Havel who did it , just in time to secure Reagan ’s legacy .
Reagan also said , “ Politics is just like show business .
You have a hell of an opening , coast for awhile , and then have a hell of a close . ”
Though in fact , the administration that began and ended with a bang actually had to compromise on many of its goals , restrained by a solidly Democratic Congress that managed to fend off the most drastic cuts to the social welfare system and keep Robert Bork off the Supreme Court ( though it also increased military spending ) .
George H.W. Bush could n’t energize the conservative coalition the way Reagan had , and the party lost the White House in 1992 .
But Mandate for Leadership paved the way for the Contract with America , and the Republican back bench , led by Newt Gingrich , seized Congress in 1994 .
It tied Clinton ’s hands except when he was willing to triangulate — as he all too often was , agreeing to bank consolidation , welfare “ reform , ” and widespread deregulation .
Clinton also helped bring sex to the foreground as an increasingly important ingredient in the conservative coalition — not just Bill Clinton ’s irrepressible libido , but the notion of controlling sex and sexuality as an organizing force for government .
Sex was brought to bear by the social conservatives , chief among them , the right - wing Christian fundamentalists who clustered around Washington and plunged into politics as never before .
Unlike the libertarian and business - minded Republicans who were usually pushing for less government , social conservatives did n’t hesitate to use the central government to achieve their goals , passing laws about who is allowed to have sex with whom , who should reproduce and under what conditions , what family structures were and were not legitimate .
In addition to banning abortion , the social conservatives wanted to legislate sexual behavior by rewarding traditional nuclear families with tax cuts , punishing single mothers with welfare cuts , and ostracizing gay people in whatever way possible .
The 1998 impeachment was a shining moment for the sex police .
Conservatives of other ilks — including many who could n’t care less what the president did with his cigars — were all too happy to climb on board because of their general loathing of Bill Clinton and his policies .
Clinton - hating could n’t quite equal anti-communism as a glue to hold together the conservative coalition — but it helped .
And George W. Bush , who offered a born - again Christian veneer on top of a blue - blooded , business - minded Republican background , was just able to please all the factions .
With some help from the Electoral College , he squeaked into the White House in 2000 ; and aided by a weak John Kerry candidacy and September 11 , stayed there in 2004 .
But the coalition , already oozing around the edges , began to hemorrhage during the Bush presidency , with Reagan revolutionaries balking at some aspects of the president ’s fundamentalist social agenda and interventionist foreign policy — but most of all at what they saw as his profligate spending .
Daniel Mitchell , a former fellow at the Heritage Foundation who is now at the Cato Institute , said that the alliance between fiscally conservative libertarians , on the one side , and social conservatives , on the other , has always been a “ marriage of convenience . ”
It has worked because for the most part they have been “ moving in the same direction ” toward the same ends , although sometimes for different reasons .
But , as Cato ’s John Samples said , there are ultimately internal contradictions between the two : libertarianism ’s emphasis on liberty , limited government , and individualism implies a certain skepticism about any ideology that offers “ final answers , ” as the religious right does on personal moral questions .
Bush , Samples believes , has been a “ divisive factor ” and has damaged his own coalition , especially alienating libertarians by going into Iraq with “ no strong defense justification ” and expanding the federal government ’s power and budget .
“ If the Democrats did what Bush is doing , ” he said , “ they ’d be going apeshit . ”
As a result , he says , the “ Republican brand has lost some of its meaning . ”
In the current primary race , the diverse field of candidates exemplifies the breakdown of the Republican coalition .
“ Every Republican , ” Mitchell observes , “ says ‘ I am the new Ronald Reagan . ’
They ’re trying to out - Reagan one another . ”
Yet unlike Reagan , each appeals to a few of the constituent factions , and none represents all .
Mike Huckabee may thrill the evangelicals with his credentials as a preacher , his denial of evolution , and his past support for quarantining people with HIV / AIDS , but other conservatives pale at the idea of him having control over fiscal policy , much less the nuclear button .
Constitution - waver Ron Paul has attracted a faithful following , but even many libertarians are n’t supporting him ; Cato ’s Samples says there ’s “ not a lot of enthusiasm for Paul ” at the institute , and cites racially tinged nativism and conspiracy theories some have found in the Texas Congressman ’s newsletters .
The hawks who liked Rudy Giuliani before they actually saw much of him now seem to agree with the New York Times that the “ real ” Giuliani is “ a narrow , obsessively secretive , vindictive man . ”
Mitt Romney has pandered to all factions — worshipping the freemarket , denouncing his own past moderate social positions , and warning of the Muslim fundamentalists ’ plan to “ unite the world under a single jihadist caliphate . ”
Yet he appears to have convinced none of them .
Can John McCain , or anyone else , pull the winning coalition back together ?
In New Hampshire , where the Arizona senator rose from the dead , his single most important supporter was the Manchester Union Leader .
The paper , whose influence in conservative circles reaches far beyond New Hampshire , was clearly measuring the candidates against the Gipper in settling on an endorsement .
“ We ’re desperately seeking Ronald Reagan , ” its editorial page editor , Andrew Cline , wrote in late December .
The paper could well have chosen to back Romney , who was studiously saying all the things he thought Reagan would have said .
But the Union Leader > backed McCain largely because of his thinking on foreign policy — not just his determination to win the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and chase Osama bin Laden “ to the gates of Hell , ” but also , as Cline said in an interview last week , “ listening to him talk in great detail off the top of his head about how he will use diplomatic and military resources abroad . ”
McCain managed to pass conservative muster on domestic issues , as well , with his concentration on cutting spending and setting a limited government agenda .
Cline believes McCain would only serve one term , and during that time there would be “ only a few things he wants to get done ” on the domestic side .
These would focus on what conservatives like to call “ entitlement reform ” — which means trimming away at what ’s left of the social safety net .
He cites McCain ’s positions on Social Security , where he would add private individual accounts , and on Medicare , where he would appoint a commission to recommend reforms to the program .
On the other hand , there are influential Christian Right leaders like Focus on the Family ’s James Dobson , who say they wo n’t vote for McCain “ under any circumstances , ” citing his past acquiescence to abortion and gay unions .
It ’s clear that the social conservatives have started to feel dissed since several high - profile Republicans commented that the 2006 midterm elections were a call for the party to move toward the center .
“ Values Voters are not going to carry the water for the Republican Party if it ignores their deeply held convictions and beliefs , ” Dobson has warned .
“ If they continue to abandon their pro-moral , pro-family and pro-life base , the big tent will turn into a three - ring circus . ”
In addition , the antiwar libertarian contingent that supports Ron Paul could even flee the party before they ’ll vote for McCain .
Other libertarians , including those at Cato , favor an open , market - driven immigration policy , but a wide swath of conservatives hate McCain for his tolerant stance on immigration .
Others object to his efforts at campaign finance reform , which threaten the cash pipeline from corporations into the party ’s coffers .
And some Republicans despise him simply for failing to be an obedient party man through his years in Congress .
There ’s one thing , however , that all Republicans will always hate more than they hate one another : the Clintons .
In Iowa , Barack Obama pulled in votes from independents and even some Republicans ; in New Hampshire he and McCain split much of the independent vote .
But the right uniformly loathes Hillary and also detests Bill , who is more and more emerging as her true running mate .
Running against the two of them , offers an opportunity for the tattered conservative coalition to pull itself together to oppose what Peggy Noonan calls a Clinton “ dynasty . ”
Some commentators have suggested that as a woman , Hillary Clinton would have no chance against the war hero McCain .
But Hillary is no Dukakis - style dweeb , standing up in a tank turret with a helmet on her head ; she ’s a fighter to the core , and if she ’s nominated she will also surely move to the right , on foreign policy and everything else .
In terms of both policy and personal grit , she would make a tough opponent for McCain .
But ultimately , what may decide the election is whether Republicans can mobilize all factions of its fractured conservative coalition .
Like all voters , Republicans this year will vote with their feet — and the specter of another Clinton in the White House might just get them walking in unison .
次世代のRIA （Rich Interactive Application：表現力／操作性に優れたアプリケーション）技術として脚光を浴びているマイクロソフトのSilverlightですが、まだまだ事例も少なく、資料も日本語ではほとんど用意されておりません。そのため、言語としては多くの優れた機能と可能性を秘めているSilverlightの恩恵を受けることが簡単ではありません。
そこで、本連載では初心者から中級者を対象にSilverlightが持つ機能について分かりやすく解説していきます。また、「マイクロソフトの技術というと、.NETを知らないと学習できないのでは？」「.NETを知らないと難しそうだ」という読者にこそ読んでいただきたい連載です。
「 Flash のライバル？ 」 それだけではな い
Silverlightといえば、Flashの対抗馬であることが世間的には騒がれておりますが、決してそれだけの能力ではありません。Silverlightの真の機能は既存のマイクロソフト技術やほかの標準技術と融合することで発揮されます。
もちろん 、Silverlight単体でも優れた機能を持っておりますので、それらについて連載内で順を追って説明していきますが、まずは当連載をお読みになる前にSilverlightに関する基本的な内容について、特集記事「Silverlightは次世代のJavaScriptフレームワーク？」にまとめてありますので、ご覧いただければと思います。
■ 覚えておきた いSilverlightの特徴を2 つ
読んでいただけましたか？ 次からは実際 にSilverlightの開発環境と実行方法について解説し、サンプルアプリケーションを作りながら言語構造の説明を行っていきますが、読み進む前に覚えておいてもらいたい特徴は、以下の2点です。
Silverlightは標準技術をベースとしているため、標準技術との親和性が高く、連携も容易に行えること
Silverlightはベンチマークでネイティブ環境のJavaScriptより300〜1000倍の速さであるということ
この2点はSilverlightの特徴として大きな点であるのですが、忘れられがちな特徴です。Silverlight自身はFlashのような単体技術ではなく、ほかの技術との連携による「共存共栄」の形で存在します。
そして、ユーザーエクスペリエンスという考えによる「直感的な操作性とインタラクティブ性」と「デスクトップアプリケーション並みの速度」による特徴を持つ新しい技術であるということが最大の特徴です。
Silverlightの開発環境はすでにいろいろある！
■ SDK があればテキストエディタだけでもできる！
Silverlightを開発するうえで最低限必要となるのは以下のSDK（ソフトウェア開発キット）です。
Microsoft Silverlight 1.0 SDK
Microsoft Silverlight 1.1 SDK （※執筆時点 （2007 年11月）で は“ Alpha Refresh ” バージョン ）
本連載では基本的に、正式版となっている1.0を使用していきます。
Silverlightはコンパイル不要で動作しますので、SDKさえあればテキストエディタでも開発できます。
■ ツールがあった方が便利！
しかし 、Silverlightの言語特性上、開発効率を考えると開発やデザインのためのツールを使用することが通例です。Silverlightに対応しているツールは以下のとおりです。
Microsoft Expression Blend 2 （執筆時点（2007 年11月）で は“ September Preview ” バージョン ）
Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 ＋ Microsoft Silverlight Tools for Visual Studio 2008 （Visual Studio 2008 は執筆時点 （2007 年11月）で は“ Beta 2 ” バージョン ）
ここで紹介したツールはすべてSilverlight公式サイトのメニューから［ツール］をクリックすると各製品のダウンロードページへのリンクが表示されます。
編集部注 ：Microsoft Expression Blendについて詳しく知りたい読者は、Insider.NETフォーラムの記事「 Vista時代のWindowsアプリ・デザイン・ツール」をご参照ください。
■ オープンソースもあるよ！
ほかに、オープンソースとして一部機能に対応している製品がありますので、併せて紹介します。
Spket IDE には 、Windows とLinuxで動作するスタンドアロンとEclipseで動作するプラグインが存在します。EclipseはMac OSXでも動作しますので、Mac OSXでSilverlightを開発する場合、現時点ではこのツールを使用するしかありません。
SDK ・Webブラウザ用プラグインのインストール
■ Silverlight 1.0 SDK のインストール
Silverlight公式サイトのメニューから［ツール］をクリックし、表示される「ツール＆リソース」ページで「
Microsoft Silverlight 1.0 SDK ( ソフトウェア開発キット ) （英語）」をクリックします（図2）。
図 2 Silverlightサイト （ 「 ツール＆リソース」ページ
クリックすると、ダウンロードサイトへ遷移しますので、後は指示に従ってダウンロードを開始します。（ダウンロードの際に、そのままインストーラファイルを「開く」を選んでもいいですし、「Silverlightv1.0SDK.msi」ファイルを任意のローカルフォルダへ保存してから実行しても構いません。）
「 Silverlightv1.0SDK.msi」ファイルを実行し、インストーラを起動し、インストーラの指示に従ってインストールを行います。
これ でSilverlight 1.0を開発する準備は整いました。次は、実際に開発する前にSilverlightアプリケーションの実行方法を解説します。
■ Silverlightを実行するには？
Silverlightアプリケーションを実行するには、Webブラウザにプラグインをインストールする必要があります。プラグインがインストールされていない状態でSilverlightアプリケーションを実行すると、インストールを促すアイコン（図3）が表示されるので、指示に従いSilverlightプラグインをインストールしてください。
図 3 Get Microsoft Silverlightアイコン
Silverlightのランタイムにも1.0と1.1が存在し、1.1は1.0のすべてを含むため、1.1がインストールされていれば、1.0で作成されたSilverlightアプリケーションを実行できます。逆に、1.0しかインストールされていない環境では1.1で作成されたアプリケーションを実行できません。その際はアップグレードする必要がありますので、注意が必要です。
次のページでは 、Silverlightで作成したサンプルを見ながら、そのコーディングの仕方を解説します。
1|2|3 次のページへ
The land seized forms a corridor from East Jerusalem to Jericho and is intended to be used as a road for Palestinians only .
Analysts said the road would run on one side of the Israeli security barrier , while the existing Jerusalem - Jericho road would be reserved for Israelis .
A spokeswoman for the Israeli army said it was necessary to build a road to link Bethlehem and the Judea region with Jericho and the Jordan valley area to " improve the quality of life " for Palestinians .
She said the road would be nearly 16 kilometres long and would be built on 145 hectares of state land and 23 hectares of private land that had been confiscated .
She added that the army had designed the route to minimise losses to landowners .
Adam Keller , of the Israeli peace group Gush Shalom , said the confiscation of land belonging to the villages of Abu Dis , Arab al - Sawahra , Nebi Musa and Talhin Alhamar would rob many villagers of their sole livelihood but would also facilitate the big annexation plan known as E - 1 , which is aimed at linking the settlement of Ma'aleh Adummim with Jerusalem and cutting the West Bank in two .
He said the confiscations were aimed at building a Palestinian bypass road that would push Palestinian traffic between Bethlehem and Ramallah deep into the desert and effectively bar them from the central part of the West Bank .
The E - 1 area has been marked out on Israeli Government maps for years but the state has refrained from large - scale development of the area .
The only building to be completed is the proposed headquarters of the Israeli police in the West Bank .
The plan for the area envisages 3500 housing units and dozens of businesses that have yet to be started , although infrastructure such as roads and drainage is being built .
Jeff Halper , an Israeli geographer who specialises in Israel 's development of the West Bank , said it appeared there was a rush to carry out as much work as possible before the US - sponsored meeting between Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert next month .
■ Israeli police were due to question Prime Minister Olmert again today after interviewing him on Tuesday over claims he tried to influence the sale of a state - owned bank in favour of Australian billionaire Frank Lowy .
Mr Lowy has denied any wrongdoing in the affair , pointing out that he withdrew any interest in the sale before it was put to tender .
GUARDIAN , With ED O'LOUGHLIN
Travel sites and other web shops have been hit by the attack
Security experts said the sophisticated attack had succeeded on a larger scale than many other similar attacks .
Once installed on a Windows machine the malicious code steals passwords , browser data as well as login names for bank accounts and online games .
The attack is proving hard to defend against for both sites being hit and PC users who are caught out .
Big hitter
Security researchers at ScanSafe , Finjan and Secure Works separately discovered the nest of poisoned websites .
Estimates of how many sites have been enrolled into the attack vary .
ScanSafe said it knew of about 230 but Secure Works and Finjan believe the total could be as high as 10,000 .
Yuval Ben-Itzhak , chief technology officer of Finjan , said it had been following the attack since early December when it noticed an increase in the number of attacks using poisoned websites .
" It 's safe to say that there are thousands of these out there , " he said .
He added that it was hard to get an accurate picture of just how many had been hit because security firms had limited resources to scan all potential targets .
The attack exploits loopholes in many Windows programs
Sites enrolled by the ongoing attack include trade papers , travel firms , ad brokers , estate agents , butchers , hotel booking sites and car spare specialists .
Although all the websites that have become poisoned hosts use the same server and remote administration software , researchers have struggled to spot all the ways they are being compromised .
" We know some of the methods , " said Mr Ben - Itzhak , " they are trying to exploit known vulnerabilities in open source content management software that the sites are using . "
Spotting the attack code on a site was very difficult , he said , because every time a new user visited the code got a new , random five character name .
If a visitor returned the malicious code identified them and did not launch a second attack .
Open Windows
Simon Heron , managing director of security firm Network Box , said : " It looks like the rootkit type technique that we have been worried about for the last two or three years .
It 's very clever . "
A rootkit hides itself deep inside an operating system in an attempt to avoid detection .
Mr Heron said the code injected on the websites scanned the machine of any visiting Windows user to see if any one of 13 separate vulnerabilities were present .
It looked for vulnerabilities in browsers , instant messaging programs , document readers and media players , he said .
The code installs a small trojan through any one of these loopholes then lies dormant until a user types in data that it is interested in - such as login names for online banks or games such as World of Warcraft .
As yet the trojan installed on a PC is not recognised by many widely used anti-virus programs .
Philippe Courtot , founder and head of security firm Qualys , said small web shops and companies were increasingly becoming a target for criminally - minded hackers .
" Small businesses do not have the money to protect themselves , " he said .
He added that hosting firms who owned and ran the servers on which these firms place their websites , viewed security as something extra they had to do rather than build it in .
" Hosting companies , for them today , adding security is a cost , " he said .
Think Progress
A recently - unearthed video from 1992 shows Vice President Dick Cheney predicting the mess that occupying Iraq would create :
If you get into the business of committing U.S. forces on the ground in Iraq , to occupy the place , my guess is I ’d probably still have people there today instead of having been able to bring them home ”
¦The bottom line question for me was :
How many additional American lives is Saddam Hussein worth ?
The answer : not very damn many .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid put out the following statement in response to George Bush 's latest version of stay the course :
Tonight President Bush announced his plan to keep at least 130,000 troops in Iraq indefinitely , demonstrating that he is trying to run out the clock on his failed strategy and leave the hard decisions to the next president .
For months the American people , a bipartisan majority of Congress and countless military experts have called for a new way forward in Iraq , but the President has offered only a commitment to endless war that will continue to take American lives , deplete our treasury , and divert our focus from fighting an effective war on terrorism against Osama bin Laden and his Al Qaeda operatives .
After almost five years , tonight was just more of the same .
It 's not progress nor is it the strategy for success our troops deserve .
And as long as President Bush keeps them in harm 's way without clear purpose or achievable goals , Democrats will keep fighting to responsibly end this war .
And let me just add , that means timelines .
Update : Barack Obama weighs in :
This is not the the first time Raven has been involved with someone of the real - estate - challenged persuasion .
We will be at Vericon on Saturday , January 26th !
You should come say hi .
See you tomorrow .
Watergate journalist 's new book exposes how Bush has kept the US public in the dark about the true costs of the ' war on terror '
President George Bush was braced for one of the toughest fights of his political life yesterday as a fierce row broke out over whether he has been misleading the American public over the worsening violence in Iraq .
The crisis also rippled across the Atlantic with claims that the administration hid crucial Iraq intelligence from its British allies .
Sparking the crisis was a series of leaks from a hard - hitting new book by the political journalist Bob Woodward , one of the two Washington Post reporters who broke the Watergate scandal that engulfed the Nixon administration three decades ago .
The author 's first television interview on the Iraq book is due to be shown this evening on the CBS show 60 Minutes , and is expected to ignite a huge row over the conduct of the war .
The book lifts the lid on an administration in crisis , claiming that Bush and his top officials have deliberately covered up the seriousness of the violence in the war - torn country .
Woodward has so far been sympathetic to the Bush administration 's decision to go to war in Iraq .
In the TV interview Woodward accuses Bush of keeping the real situation in Iraq secret from the American public and playing down the true level of violence .
' There 's public [ information ] and there 's private .
But what did they do with the private ?
They stamp it secret .
No one is supposed to know , ' he says .
His book - State of Denial - is also understood to say Tony Blair was angry at discovering that Washington was keeping key intelligence on Iraq from Britain - even classifying reports based partly on contributions from British operatives as off - limits .
In some cases , British personnel flying US planes in Iraq were denied access to pilots ' manuals , the book reportedly alleges .
Downing Street denied to comment last night .
Woodward 's book says that insurgent attacks in Iraq are now running at a rate of about four an hour and that officials believe the situation will get worse next year .
That allegation is particularly damaging to the administration , which has staked its reputation in mid-term Congressional elections on its ability to win the war .
It also flies in the face of regular Republican claims that the situation in Iraq is improving .
Woodward 's book also provides a gripping insider 's account of a White House deeply divided over Iraq .
It shows that Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has been at odds with Bush over the war and that former White House chief of staff Andy Card had backed the replacement of Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld - but was overruled .
It portrays Bush as determined to stick it out even if his only supporters are whittled down to his wife and the White House dog .
' I will not withdraw , even if Laura and Barney are the only ones supporting me , ' Woodward quotes Bush as having told top Republicans at a White House meeting .
The book could not have come at a worse time for the Republican party .
America is gearing up for vital elections and both parties are fighting on the issue of national security .
That is usually a Republican strength , but Woodward 's book will undermine the idea that the ruling party is best at prosecuting the war .
Bush spokesman Tony Snow has denied one key allegation - that Rumsfeld no longer takes calls from Rice .
' That is ridiculous , ' Snow said .
The White House has also insisted that the war in Iraq remains a vital part of the wider war on terror .
In his weekly radio address , Bush said that fighting Islamic militants was part of winning the struggle against terrorists .
He also slammed Democrats and others who used a leaked intelligence report last week - which warned that invading Iraq had made America more prone to terrorist attack - to score political points against Bush 's Iraq policy .
' Some in Washington have selectively quoted from this document to make the case that , by fighting the terrorists in Iraq , we are making our people less secure here at home .
This argument buys into the enemy 's propaganda . '
But it is now far from clear that such arguments are resonating with the American public .
The Democrats , who once shied away from any debate on national security , have started to make it the central plank of their mid-term campaign .
The party pulled no punches yesterday in responding to Bush 's radio speech by choosing the Democratic Congressional candidate Tammy Duckworth to give its official response .
Duckworth is a helicopter pilot who lost both legs in Iraq and now is a candidate for a seat in Illinois .
She vigorously attacked Republican attempts to paint her party as ' cutting and running ' from the war .
' I believe the brave men and women who are serving in Iraq today , their families and the American people , deserve more than the same empty slogans and political name - calling , ' Duckworth said .
Emily from Boston summed this one up beautifully , so I ’m going to let her take it away .
Writes Emily :
1. I ’m not making this up .
2 . The 389 Highland
Ave referred to in the note is a shop called “ Your Move Games . ”
They have a basement where dorky kids congregate and play D&D and WoW and such .
Evidently the author and his six witnesses are patrons .
3 . Not only is the number six circled , but it is underlined — not once , not twice , but three times .
4 . Note the close up .
Under the crossed out section it reads “ go fuck yourself you corrupt [ something i can't make out ] .
Whatever it was , he rethought his wording and decided to go with a subtler “ you ’re corrupt . ”
Seriously , this note is a work of art .
related : nice try
I needed a transparent PNG image of some text to overlay text on an image .
My first try looked OK , but the edges of the text seemed to be the wrong color .
After some finagling , I came up with PIL code that did the right thing .
Here was the first code I used :
import Image , ImageFont , ImageDraw
fontfile = r " C:\WINDOWS\Fonts\arialbd.ttf "
words = [
(( 10 , 10 ) , " Red " , " #ff0000 " , 30 ) ,
(( 10 , 50 ) , " Green " , " #00ff00 " , 30 ) ,
(( 10 , 90 ) , " Blue " , " #0000 ff " , 30 ) ,
(( 10 , 130 ) , " White " , " #ffffff " , 30 ) ,
(( 10 , 170 ) , " Black " , " #000000 " , 30 ) ,
]
# A fully transparent image to work on .
im = Image . new ( " RGBA " , ( 120 , 210 ) , ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) )
dr = ImageDraw .
Draw ( im )
for pos , text , color , size in words :
font = ImageFont .
truetype ( fontfile , size )
dr . text ( pos , text , font = font , fill = color )
im . save ( " badtranstext.png " , " PNG " )
Here ’s the image it produces : ( If you are viewing this in IE6 , you wo n’t see the transparency )
You can see that the edges of the letters are grimy .
The white text should not be visible at all against the white background , but you can see the edges .
This is because when PIL draws a partially - transparent pixel at the edge of a letter , it uses the partial coverage of the shape to blend the background and foreground pixels .
If the background were fully opaque , this would be the right thing to do , but with a fully transparent background like we are using , this gives the wrong color .
We specified the background as fully transparent black , so for a pixel half - covered with white , PIL computes a color of half - transparent gray .
It should be half - transparent white , so that the final image will be able to blend properly with any color underneath it .
Look at it another way : if I specify the background as completely transparent ( alpha of 0 ) , then it should n’t matter what color I provide for the RGB channels .
I should get the same final result if I specify ( 0,0,0,0 ) or ( 255,255,255,0 ) : the background is completely transparent , it has no color at all , those values are merely placeholders .
But PIL will use the color channels to assign color to the edges of the type , so the placeholder “ background color ” will bleed into the result .
To get the proper result , I draw each string onto a separate gray channel , then add those gray pixels into an accumulated alpha channel .
Then I use the gray text to compute full - color pixels for any pixels with even a slight trace of the text on it .
When combined , the alpha channel will dilute down the color of the edge pixels down to give the proper appearance .
import Image , ImageFont , ImageDraw , ImageChops
fontfile = r " C:\WINDOWS\Fonts\arialbd.ttf "
words = [
(( 10 , 10 ) , " Red " , " #ff0000 " , 30 ) ,
(( 10 , 50 ) , " Green " , " #00ff00 " , 30 ) ,
(( 10 , 90 ) , " Blue " , " #0000 ff " , 30 ) ,
(( 10 , 130 ) , " White " , " #ffffff " , 30 ) ,
(( 10 , 170 ) , " Black " , " #000000 " , 30 ) ,
]
# A fully transparent image to work on , and a separate alpha channel .
im = Image . new ( " RGB " , ( 120 , 210 ) , ( 0 , 0 , 0 ) )
alpha = Image . new ( " L " , im . size , " black " )
for pos , text , color , size in words :
# Make a grayscale image of the font , white on black .
imtext = Image . new ( " L " , im .
size , 0 )
drtext = ImageDraw .
Draw ( imtext )
font = ImageFont .
truetype ( fontfile , size )
drtext .
text ( pos , text , font = font , fill = " white " )
# Add the white text to our collected alpha channel .
Gray pixels around
# the edge of the text will eventually become partially transparent
# pixels in the alpha channel .
alpha = ImageChops .
lighter ( alpha , imtext )
# Make a solid color , and add it to the color layer on every pixel
# that has even a little bit of alpha showing .
solidcolor = Image . new ( " RGBA " , im .
size , color )
immask = Image .
eval ( imtext , lambda p : 255 * ( int ( p != 0 ) ) )
im = Image .
composite ( solidcolor , im , immask )
# These two save ( )s are just to get demo images of the process .
im . save ( " transcolor.png " , " PNG " )
alpha . save ( " transalpha.png " , " PNG " )
# Add the alpha channel to the image , and save it out .
im .
putalpha ( alpha )
im . save ( " transtext.png " , " PNG " )
This is more work , but gives the correct results .
Here ’s the alpha channel , the color channels , and the final result :
And the result on various backgrounds :
Mr. Giuliani described the crackdown as a toughening of two existing but only minimally successful undercover efforts , both called Operation Refusal , one run by the Police Department , the other by the Taxi and Limousine Commission .
Both have issued summonses against drivers , but neither has taken away any cabs .
'' What we 're trying to do , '' the mayor said , ''is intensify it dramatically in order to make the point . ''
In the new operation , police officers and taxi inspectors will work undercover in multiracial groups of three .
As a supervisor observes , a black officer and a white officer standing near each other will attempt to hail a cab .
If the black person is passed up in favor of the white person , something blacks say happens all the time , the driver will be issued a summons suspending his hack license .
The police will then take the cab to the nearest police station , where it is to be picked up by the taxi's owner or another licensed driver .
Asked about the legal basis for the action , Mr. Giuliani said : '' Just think of the practical reality of it .
We 're suspending the license of the driver on the spot .
So , who 's going to drive the cab away ?
If the taxi driver drove the cab away , he would get another summons for driving without a license . ''
The suspended driver is then to have a hearing before an administrative law judge within five days .
Allan Fromberg , the commission 's spokesman , said yesterday that a driver with a clean record would probably get the license back immediately , but would still have to face a separate hearing on the charge of refusing to pick up a passenger .
The penalty for a first offense is $ 200 to $ 350 .
A third offense calls for mandatory revocation of a hack license .
'' The drivers clearly know that refusal is against the law , '' said Diane McGrath - McKechnie , the taxi commissioner .
'' This is the Giuliani administration 's attempt to ratchet that up so people understand . ''
But Ms. McGrath - McKechnie said the enhanced Operation Refusal would not seize cars in the same way that the Police Department takes vehicles in drunken - driving arrests .
Under that program , cars are returned only after an acquittal .
'' We 're simply taking the car for safekeeping , '' she said .
She added that the owner would be notified immediately so that the taxi could get back on the road .
Giuliani staffers reportedly asked to work without pay David Edwards
Published : Friday January 11 , 2008
del.icio.us |
Print This Email This Staffers for former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani's presidential campaign have been asked to work without pay , according to a report by CNN .
Giuliani is counting on winning the delegate - rich Sunshine State of Florida to offset poor showings in early states like Iowa and New Hampshire .
Giuliani campaign staffers insist they are not out of money , according to the cable network .
One staffer said that senior staffers suggested " they were basically told " to work without pay so money could go to advertising .
Another staffer told CNN that it was a " voluntary " move only being made by senior staff members .
CNN Chief National Correspondent John King writes , " A third campaign source , however , said ' things are starting to get tight ' and that ' it was more telling than asking ' the senior staff to forgo paychecks beginning the first of the year . "
The Associated Press reports that roughly a dozen senior campaign staffers will be foregoing their January paychecks .
" We have enough money , but we could always use more money , " contended Mike DuHaime , Giuliani 's campaign manager and one of those who now is working for free .
" We want to make sure we have enough to win . "
At the end of December , he said the campaign had $ 11.5 million cash on hand , $ 7 million of which can be used for the primary .
He disputed the notion of a cash - strapped campaign , and said Giuliani continues to bring in cash ; several fundraisers are scheduled this week in Florida .
DuHaime and other aides stressed that relinquishing pay was voluntary and was limited to senior staffers .
" I want to do everything I can to make sure Rudy 's president , and I speak for a lot of the campaign when I say that , " DuHaime said .
" None of us joined this campaign for money . "
Still , the move raises questions about whether Giuliani's bank account is as flush as he needs it to be to cobble together wins in enough states to secure the party nod .
The former New York mayor has yet to win a contest and is counting on a victory in delegate - rich Florida to prove his candidacy is viable heading into the multistate contests slated for Feb.
5 , where he believes he can prevail in states like California and Illinois .
It 's a costly strategy because Florida and states that follow it are home to some of the most expensive media markets in the country .
With so many states voting in such a narrow time period , candidates can do little else but rely on paid media to get their message out .
Republican strategists estimate that it will cost roughly $ 35 million to run heavy levels of ads in the two dozen states that hold contests on Feb .
5 . All Republican candidates have struggled to raise money for the 2008 presidential race , an indication that GOP donors are n't as energized as Democrats .
Giuliani , for his part , poured several million dollars into advertising in Iowa and New Hampshire , only to come in far behind his opponents .
He has been spending millions of dollars over the past month to run TV ads in Florida .
( with wire reports )
Mozilla announced the official release of Firefox 3 beta 1 early this morning .
The first Firefox 3 beta , which is available for download from Mozilla 's servers , offers some hot new features for users and web developers .
The beta release was originally scheduled for July , but was delayed as a result of performance regressions .
Back in July , Mozilla changed the roadmap and stated that pre-beta milestone releases would occur loosely every six weeks until the program was ready for a beta release .
After the roadmap change , Mozilla issued the alpha 7 and alpha 8 releases prior to this beta , which is considered Milestone 9 .
Mozilla 's quality standards for betas dictate that the software must have all planned features fully implemented , must be stable and usable enough for daily browsing for a large number of people , and should display the vast majority of sites without serious regressions relative to the prior version .
Now that Firefox 3 has met that standard , beta releases will be issued consistently until all of the implemented features are finalized and Firefox 3 matches or exceeds Firefox 2 in performance testing .
At that point , Mozilla will issue release candidates to resolve last - minute problems and regressions before the official release .
The big focus during the beta release cycles will be on quality assurance and bug fixing .
Firefox 3 delivers an impressive assortment of new features and interface improvements .
There are lots of changes under the hood as well , which improve performance and reduce resource consumption .
Firefox 3 is built on top of Gecko 1.9 , the new version of Firefox 's HTML rendering engine .
In Gecko 1.9 , much of the underlying rendering code is now performed with Cairo , an open source vector graphics software library that can leverage hardware accelerated rendering .
As we have previously reported , the Gecko 1.9 rendering engine can pass the Acid 2 test , a CSS test case developed by the Web Standards Project .
Several impressive additions to Firefox 3 were made possible by the Gecko overhaul , including support for full - page zoom .
The inclusion of the Places feature is another major architectural improvement in Firefox 3 .
The Places system , which was originally planned for Firefox 2 , is a cohesive storage framework that leverages a SQLite database rather than flat files and unifies bookmark and history storage .
In Firefox 3 beta 1 , the Places system is almost completely finished .
New user interfaces for bookmark management have also been created to give users access to the new capabilities — like support for bookmark tagging — that are made possible by the Places system .
A new star icon adjacent to the URL text box uses the Places system to simplify the process of bookmarking a page .
In the URL autocompletion box , stars are shown next to bookmarked pages .
The Places system supports elaborate bookmark search queries , which can be associated with a new kind of smart bookmark .
A useful selection of smart bookmarks that use Places queries are included by default in the Places folder in the bookmarks toolbar .
I have n't been able to find documentation for the query language yet , but the following example provides some insight into how the query system works :
place : folder=2&folder=287&queryType=1&sort=8&minVisits=1&maxResults=10
That example , which is taken from the Places folder in the bookmarks toolbar , will list the most frequently visited starred pages .
The new bookmark system really has a lot of awesome goodies for addon developers .
There is a really nice new scripting API for bookmark and history queries and infrastructure is under development for custom bookmark containers which will make it possible to , for instance , integrate access to bookmarks stored in a remote web service directly through the Firefox bookmark user interface .
The Places system offers so much new functionality that we can't even begin to address it all in a single article at this time .
There are also lots of new JavaScript features like support generator expressions , iterators , expression closures , and the getElements ByClassName method .
For more insight into Firefox 3 scripting improvements and architectural features that are of relevance to software developers , keep an eye on Open Ended , Ars Technica 's journal for open source software .
The file downloading infrastructure has also been overhauled in Firefox 3 .
The download manager user interface has been completely redesigned and now includes a search text box for filtering completed downloads .
The new download manager also supports integration with the user 's anti-virus software and has better support for resuming paused or canceled downloads .
The old Save Password dialog has been replaced with a far saner and less intrusive alternative .
Instead of displaying a modal dialog every time the user attempts to input login information in a web form , the new system displays password - saving buttons in a thin bar at the top of the screen after login information is sent to a server .
Another impressive addition in Firefox 3 is support for animated PNG images , a feature that will undoubtedly be welcomed by the IceWeasel development community 's logo mascot .
There are a lot of little usability improvements that make a big difference .
For instance , the address bar autocompletion system can now match against page titles as well as addresses ,
The zoom setting is now remembered on a per site basis , a new resizer in the navigation toolbar lets users adjust the width the search text box , and page identity information can now be accessed by clicking the page favicon at the left end of the address bar .
Over 11,000 bug reports have been closed and classified as fixed .
Many longstanding problems have been resolved , and there are also plenty of improvements to resource consumption .
According to Mozilla , over 300 individual memory leaks have been plugged and new architectural features , like the XPCOM cycle collector , have been added to combat memory waste .
Firefox 3 beta 1 is not intended for a mainstream user audience .
Although beta 1 is considerably more reliable than the alpha releases , there are still issues that need to be resolved before it is ready for widespread public consumption .
The beta is useful for web developers who want to experiment with the new features or ensure that their existing sites are compatible with Firefox 3 .
The beta is also good for experienced users and members of the broader open - source software community who want to participate in testing and bug triaging .
It is highly recommended that users create an alternate Firefox profile or backup your Firefox settings directory ( ~/.mozilla on Linux ) before you test Firefox 3 in order to avoid damaging your configuration data .
Users who want to test multiple versions of Firefox side - by - side will have to use the - no - remote parameter .
The official release notes are available on Mozilla 's web site , but enthusiasts and developers will probably get more out of the unofficial trunk changelog page at Burning Edge which has useful annotations and tasty Bugzilla links .
Firefox 3 beta 1 delivers an outstanding improvement to the user experience .
Unlike Firefox 2 , which was a bit light on new features , Firefox 3 is practically overflowing with shiny new goodies .
I 've been using the alpha nightly builds as my primary browser for quite some time now and it has been very exciting to see new features landing every week ( and sometimes painful to experience the occasional frustrating regressions ) .
Now that we are in the beta cycle we can expect to see the reliability of the new features improve rapidly as the focus shifts towards testing and quality assurance .
Despite delays and other setbacks , Firefox 3 is shaping up to be an outstanding web browser that delivers innovative new technologies while retaining Firefox 's signature ease of use .
Interpol Director weeps at lack of terror war funding David Edwards and Jason Rhyne
Published : Sunday October 7 , 2007
Save This Page
Print This Email This Ron Noble , the head of the international police coordinating organization known as Interpol , appeared on CBS 's 60 Minutes for an emotional discussion about how he believes his agency is being underfunded and underutilized in US efforts to combat terror .
Noble , the first American to run Interpol , says that even though his organization has unique resources valuable to counter - terrorism initiatives -- including the world 's largest database of known terrorists -- they are being largely ignored by the US government .
Interpol also maintains the only database of stolen passports .
" Every significant international terrorist attack that 's occurred has been linked in some way with either a fraudulent passport ... or with a counterfeit passport , " Nobel said .
" So by catching the people with stolen passports , you get yourself closer to catching terrorist . "
Acknowledging that many US officials consider Interpol irrelevant , Noble said he is working to help the agency shake its lazy reputation .
" Al Qaeda has said they want to kill four million of us , " he said . "
So I 'm asking myself , what do we need ?
What does it take , what will it take for government to say forget the past .
If Interpol did n't exist today , we 'd invent it . "
The US contributes only five and a half million dollars a year to Interpol , compared to billions for agencies like the Department of Homeland Security .
" I just feel like they do n't get it .
They do n't get it , " said a frustrated Noble , who said that his agency 's $ 50 million total budget is approximately the " same amount the Los Angeles Galaxy is paying for David Beckham to play football . "
" I get up every day , you know , and I think about how can I make the US understand this , " a clearly emotional Noble continued .
" And I just can 't .
I can't , I can 't . " Later in the interview , with tears in his eyes , the Interpol chief warned of the consequences of marginalizing his organization .
" We know that terrorist activities are being planned , And we know that if we do n't respond , people will die , " he said .
" And I know I 'm a smart guy .
I know I work hard and I know I can persuade people to do things .
I know .
But I can't get the U.S. and other governments to understand that the problem 's a billion - dollar - a - year problem .
You know , not a million - dollar - a - year problem .
But I know that it 's going to change .
It 's going to happen one day . "
" My neck is out there with this interview , " Noble concluded .
" And after this interview I 'll go back to working like I do every other day , but I 'll know that there 's nothing that I held back . "
60 Minutes reports that Noble recently received a letter from the Department of Homeland Security saying the agency was considering assigning " one of its people to Interpol by the end of the year . "
The following video is from CBS 's 60 Minutes , broadcast on October 7 , 2007 :
By Brendan O'Neill
We all know the old saying : " Riches wo n't make you happy . "
But is it possible that riches - or even aspiring to be rich and wanting to live a Footballers '
Wife - style life of luxury - might make us mentally ill ?
Clinical psychologist Oliver James claims in his new book The Selfish Capitalist : Origins of Affluenza , that " selfish capitalism " ( the kind of capitalism we have in Britain ) is making us sick .
Literally .
He says the emergence of selfish capitalism , first under Margaret Thatcher and later Tony Blair , has led to a " startling increase in the incidence of mental illness " .
We might live more comfortable and stuff - filled lives than our forebears did , but James believes the rise of materialism has come with a high price tag attached - widespread anxiety and depression .
Experts believe 10 % of Britons are compulsive shoppers
In the past , having a TV was seen as an indicator of wealth and class .
Now , according to a study carried out by marketing and information group CACI , the average UK home has 4.7 television sets .
A study by Lloyds TSB found that seven out of 10 children have a TV in their rooms and half of them have a DVD player too .
And like a nation of Inspector Gadgets , we have stacks of devices that make life more pleasant .
In the past families were lucky if they owned a gramophone and a few dusty records to play on it .
Today 17 % of web users in Britain - and that 's a lot of people - own an iPod and can listen to sweet music any time , any place .
' Unrealistic desires '
As the capitalist economy has grown , life seems to have improved : cheap food is widely available ( our grandparents can only have dreamt of getting two chickens for the equivalent of a fiver in their local supermarket ) , and most of us own our homes , drive cars , and have TVs , DVDs and MP3s .
Can it really be the case that as we 've become more comfortable , we 've also become mentally ill ?
" The citizens of selfish capitalist countries are twice as likely to suffer from a mental illness as the citizens of countries in mainland western Europe , which practise ' unselfish capitalism ' , " argues James .
We 're ' bombarded with messages to buy , buy , buy '
The message is clear , he says : " Selfish capitalism is bad for your mental health . "
The main problem is that where the average English - speaking person 's real wage has broadly remained the same since the 1970s , he or she is now constantly bombarded with messages to buy , buy , buy , and aspire to a Posh - and - Becks quality of life , according to James .
" It is not economic inequality between the rich and the working classes that causes mental illness , though that certainly still exists , " says Mr James .
" It is the combination of that inequality with an all - pervasive consumerist culture which constantly tells people ' it could be you ' you could be a well - off winner too . "
Definitions of illness
" The media , advertising , reality TV shows and so on , they give people unrealistic aspirations that they simply cannot meet with their wages and living standards .
As a result , people get sucked into competitiveness and workaholism .
" We end up tirelessly striving for material wealth and valuing it over family and friendships .
This really heaps pressure on people , damaging their health . "
Yet others are suspicious of the notion that Britain is in the grip of " affluenza " .
Simon Wessely , professor of epidemiological and liaison psychiatry at King 's College , London , believes that cultural factors , not capitalism itself , have created a situation where more people define themselves as mentally ill .
I would lay the blame less at the door of Margaret Thatcher 's selfish capitalism , and more at the door of Richard and Judy or Oprah
Professor Simon Wessely
" It is true that rates of self - reported symptoms are on the rise , " says Wessely , but that has to be seen in a context where " more human experiences " are seen as illnesses nowadays .
" In my trade , for example , states of sadness are now seen as ' depression ' , shyness has become ' social phobia ' , and all sorts of variations in childhood temperament , personality , emotions and behaviour have become characterised as diseases that need treatment , be it Asperger 's autism or ADHD . "
Mr Wessely believes that this " therapy culture " means that people now regard as abnormal things that " previous generations regarded as part and parcel of normal variations in personality and emotion " .
So what earlier generations saw as an everyday struggle to make ends meet might now be referred to as stress or workaholism .
Addictive
" I would lay the blame less at the door of Margaret Thatcher 's selfish capitalism , and more at the door of Richard and Judy or Oprah , " says Mr Wessely .
Daniel Ben -Ami , author of Cowardly Capitalism : The Myth of the Global Financial Casino , agrees : " The key difference between the Anglo - Saxon countries and continental Europe is that the medicalisation of social problems has not gone as far in Europe as it has in Britain or America . "
Mr Ben -Ami argues that the " affluenza " argument , where unrealistic desires for wealth are seen as the harbinger of mental health problems , shows how inequality has been redefined .
Society is ' based around consumption '
Yet consumerism can be seriously addictive for some .
Some experts believe 10 % of Britons , and possibly 20 % of British women , are manic , compulsive shoppers whose condition can lead to family break - ups , depression and in some instances suicide .
An American pharmaceutical firm is developing a pill to help wean shopaholics off their addiction .
In a book titled Stop Me Because I Can't Stop Myself , a compulsive shopper called " Gloria " describes how she shopped online for six to eight hours a day , ending up in $ 80,000 of debt .
She lost her job and split from her husband and checked into a psychiatric institution after " shopping ruined my family " .
Oliver James remains convinced that rabid consumerism can have a detrimental impact on mental health .
" It is time we valued what is truly important , " he says , " rather than focusing society around competitiveness and consumption . "
Below is a selection of comments :
It 's definately true that the need to always aquire more things can make us discontent .
But I think what is making us most depressed is lack of excercise and fresh air , which is all made worse my working at computers all day long and kids spending their time gaming etc rather than getting some physical activity .
I recently went part time to spend more time with kids - I have very little income ( Food does n't seem very cheap to me ) but the improvement in mood has been amazing .
My kids have a roomful of toys but would much rather have a day down at the beach .
Maybe a little less money , a little more life balance , and a little more fresh air is all that 's really needed to make us happy .
KJane , Fife
I hate how companies can get away with bolstering their products to seem better or more vital than they really are and how advertisers use psychological leverage to force a product upon you .
There was once a cereal whos motto was ' It 's not for geeks ' or my local beauty salon that boasts ' We can make you beautiful ' .
People are n't selfish capitalists , companies are and they must be stopped !
People are vulnerable .
Aaron , Wales
I think this is more about community .
Community and family spirit is slowly dying in this country and being replaced with a kind of emptiness which people then fill with something else , in many cases it 's shopping , gadgets or constant self diagnosis .
Jeff , Norwich
Spot on , I could n't agree more with the idea of " therapy culture " .
It seems to be politically incorrect these days to tell " ill " people to just get on with it because it 's part of life !
Hannah , Cardiff
Britain certainly has a insatiable desire for cheap tat from China !
Adrian Mugridge , Chester , UK
James 's argument has more holes than a sieve .
Mental health diagnoses will differ between cultures - where 's the evidence that the national statistics are comparable ?
How come Germany , Holland and France are not " selfish consumerist " economies when they also have the pervasive advertising seen in the UK ?
What about the other big differences between theses economies ( NHS , home ownership , employment patterns ) - how come these do n't contribute to differences in mental health levels ?
It sounds to me like James is fitting the facts to the argument , not the other way round .
Mike , Gloucester
So , you claim that 10 % of the population are manic shoppers , and that it may be the case that 20 % of women are manic shoppers .
If we presume that the ratio of men to women is 50:50 then you appear to be clamming that it may be the case that all manic shoppers are women .
I 'd like to criticise that , but it matches my experience , so I wo n't !
Tom Haines , York , UK
In my own personal economic downturn at the moment and living within my means .
I 've learned where the real costs of living are and they are mostly associated with keeping the house over my head and car on the road .
What I cannot fathom is where I spent my money before I pulled in the belt .
It must have been thousands of pounds each year but I have no idea on what .
I would know now because I keep a close financial record of all my spending and earning .
When my economic upturn returns I wo n't go back to my old ways because I 've had to learn the difference between need and want .
I agree with the article that wanting keeps you moving forward , getting what you want does n't always live up to expectations .
Trina , UK
As a counsellor I have seen a dramtic increase , over the past decade , in the pathologisation of what it is to be human .
Part of the the human condition is to be sad , anxious but this does not necesaarily mean mental illness or indeed an increase in mental illness .
However I agree in that Psycho Social factors , i.e Consumerism affect us , humans are reactive to their enviroment which is then manifested in behaviours / emotional states .
It might be that there is a supposed increase due to the increased reporting and consulting with people such as myself within the profession .
I think Society and the above factors all play a part .
gareth , leicester
Clearly there are far too many variables to draw the conclusion that " selfish - capitalism " is the cause of mental health problems .
How exactly is Capitalism different in mainland Europe to in the UK anyway ???
Will , Brighton
Sounds interesting , I would buy the book to read more but I 'm afraid that owning it would drive me into a spiral of sadness .
Dave Williams , Warrington
Spinal cord damage blocks the routes that the brain uses to send messages to the nerve cells that control walking .
Until now , doctors believed that the only way for injured patients to walk again was to re-grow the long nerve highways that link the brain and base of the spinal cord .
For the first time , a UCLA study shows that the central nervous system can reorganize itself and follow new pathways to restore the cellular communication required for movement .
Published in the January edition of Nature Medicine , the discovery could lead to new therapies for the estimated 250,000 Americans who suffer from traumatic spinal cord injuries .
An additional 10,000 cases occur each year , according to the Christopher and Dana Reeve Foundation , which helped fund the UCLA study .
“ Imagine the long nerve fibers that run between the cells in the brain and lower spinal cord as major freeways , ” explained Dr. Michael Sofroniew , lead author and professor of neurobiology at the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA .
“ When there ’s a traffic accident on the freeway , what do drivers do ?
They take shorter surface streets .
These detours are n’t as fast or direct , but still allow drivers to reach their destination .
“ We saw something similar in our research , ” he added .
“ When spinal cord damage blocked direct signals from the brain , under certain conditions the messages were able to make detours around the injury .
The message would follow a series of shorter connections to deliver the brain ’s command to move the legs . ”
Using a mouse model , Sofroniew and his colleagues blocked half of the long nerve fibers in different places and at different times on each side of the spinal cord .
They left untouched the spinal cord ’s center , which contains a connected series of shorter nerve pathways .
The latter convey information over short distances up and down the spinal cord .
What they discovered surprised them .
“ We were excited to see that most of the mice regained the ability to control their legs within eight weeks , ” said Sofroniew .
“ They walked more slowly and less confidently than before their injury , but still recovered mobility . ”
When the researchers blocked the short nerve pathways in the center of the spinal cord , the regained function disappeared , returning the animals ’ paralysis .
This step confirmed that the nervous system had rerouted messages from the brain to the spinal cord via the shorter pathways , and that these nerve cells were critical to the animal ’s recovery .
“ When I was a medical student , my professors taught that the brain and spinal cord were hard - wired at birth and could not adapt to damage .
Severe injury to the spinal cord meant permanent paralysis , ” said Sofroniew .
“ This pessimistic view has changed over my lifetime , and our findings add to a growing body of research showing that the nervous system can reorganize after injury , ” he added .
“ What we demonstrate here is that the body can use alternate nerve pathways to deliver instructions that control walking . ”
The UCLA team ’s next step will be to learn how to entice nerve cells in the spinal cord to grow and form new pathways that connect across or around the injury site , enabling the brain to direct these cells .
If the researchers succeed , the findings could lead to the development of new strategies for restoring mobility following spinal cord injury .
“ Our study has identified cells that we can target to try to restore communication between the brain and spinal cord , ” explained Sofroniew .
“ If we can use existing nerve connections instead of attempting to rebuild the nervous system the way it existed before injury , our job of repairing spinal cord damage will become much easier . ”
Spinal cord injury involves damage to the nerves enclosed within the spinal canal ; most injuries result from trauma to the vertebral column .
This affects the brain ’s ability to send and receive messages below the injury site to the systems that control breathing , movement and digestion .
Patients generally experience greater paralysis when injury strikes higher in the spinal column .
University of California – Los Angeles
A new poll just out from CNN / Opinion Research tied to Martin Luther King Day today finds blacks and whites optimistic and pretty much in agreement -- 84 % whites , 78 % blacks -- that a lot or moderate progress has been made toward the civil rights leader 's dream of equality in American society .
But hidden near the bottom of the survey of nearly 1,400 adult Americans Jan. 14-17 is some disturbing news for Sen.
Hillary Clinton heading into tonight 's Democratic debate in South Carolina and the party 's primary there Saturday .
The survey 's numbers show that Americans are more ready for a black president than a female president .
You read that right .
In Saturday 's Nevada caucuses , Clinton beat Barack Obama in the total ....
House to telecoms : Fight your own lawsuits Nick Juliano
Published : Friday November 16 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Senate panel joins suit , sends immunity - free bill to floor for vote Democrats scored a pair of victories Thursday in the battle to hold accountable telecommunications companies that allegedly assisted the Bush administration in its efforts to warrantlessly wiretap Americans .
The House late Thursday passed an update to a foreign surveillance law that did not include a Bush - requested provision granting legal immunity to the powerful telecoms .
A Senate committee scored a similar win against immunity when it unexpectedly sent to the full Senate a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act revision that did not include immunity .
Democrats , civil libertarians and liberal bloggers celebrated a rare and unexpected two - front victory , but they know that Bush and congressional Republicans have not given up in their efforts to intervene in about 40 lawsuits pending against phone and Internet providers such as AT&T and Verizon .
On a 227-189 vote , the House passed its FISA update , known as the RESTORE Act , which reinstates judicial oversight that was eliminated from a temporary update passed in August and pointedly does not include language granting immunity to telecommunications companies .
Thursday also saw the Senate Judiciary Committee consider companion legislation .
Although an amendment offered by Sen. Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) to strip an immunity provision from that bill failed on a 12 - 7 vote ( with three Democrats voting with Republicans ) , the panel 's chairman Sen.
Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) avoided that setback by moving to discharge from the committee only the part of the bill that did not include immunity .
That vote passed along party lines .
To be sure , the fight over immunity is far from over , as activists expect Senate Republicans to try to re-insert an immunity provision during the Senate floor debate over the FISA update .
" I 'm heartened to see that the Senate Judiciary Committee has affirmed , as I and thousands of other people around the country have , that those telecommunications companies that participated with the Bush Administration in trampling millions of Americans ' civil liberties should not receive retroactive immunity for their participation , " said Sen.
Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) , who has vowed to filibuster any bill containing immunity , in a prepared statement .
" This is a victory for the rule of law and everyone who cares about preserving our Constitution . "
Leahy warned that although the immunity provision is not in the bill expected to be considered by the full Senate , it is an issue that will be decided by the chamber as a whole .
" While I appreciate the problems facing the telecommunications companies , the retroactive immunity issue to me is not about fixing blame on the companies but about holding government accountable , " Leahy said in a statement .
" Passing a law to whitewash the Administrations undermining of another law would be a disservice to the American people and to the rule of law . "
Feingold called the Judiciary Committee bill a " distinct improvement " over a similar proposal approved last month by the Intelligence Committee that included immunity .
Although he said the bill is not yet perfect .
 There is still much to be done to fix this bill .
In addition , the issue of retroactive immunity for companies that allegedly participated in the Presidents warrantless wiretapping program will be fought out on the floor , " Feingold said in a statement .
" I will continue to strongly oppose retroactive immunity when the full Senate considers this legislation . "
Activists who had fought to exclude the immunity provision last night cheered the dual victories , but none was ready to rest yet .
" It s a huge victory , " wrote Jane Hamsher at FireDogLake , " but just the beginning of the fight . "
Fox News ’ Hannity rails against Halloween , which ‘ teaches kids to be liberals ’
Last week ,
The Onion , which is a satirical publication , ran a very amusing editorial cartoon , mocking right - wing attitudes .
The cartoon asked , “ Halloween : What is it teaching our kids ? ”
It depicted a kid trick - or - treating with a bag that read , “ Something for Nothing , ” under the caption , “ Everyone deserves hand - outs ! ”
Proving once again that today ’s right is practically impossible to satirize , Fox News ’ Sean Hannity actually made the same argument , on the air , in the hopes of labeling Halloween a “ liberal holiday . ”
On the October 31 edition of Fox News ’ Hannity & Colmes , co-host Sean Hannity claimed that “ Halloween is a liberal holiday ” and “ is teaching our kids to be liberals . ”
Hannity explained that “ we ’re teaching kids to knock on other people ’s doors and ask for a handout . ”
Co-host Alan Colmes responded by asking if that meant that Christmas is a “ liberal holiday . ”
Colmes asserted that Halloween represents “ the act of giving , ” and asked : “ Is n’t that a Christian thing , to give , to share with your community ? ”
Hannity replied : “ Not to teach your kids to beg for a handout . ”
In all sincerity , I thought Media Matters was kidding about this , until I watched the clip .
Hannity , apparently in all seriousness , said we should n’t teach “ our children to beg for something for free . ”
He concluded , “ You ’re teaching your kids to beg for a handout . ”
In the broader cultural context , I think a sea-change of sorts may be underway .
The caricature of late has been that of a politically - correct , liberal intellectual going around denigrating the things “ regular people ” enjoy .
I wonder if Hannity is helping push the pendulum in the other direction — all activities should be measured against a right - wing worldview .
If they ’re perceived as politically heretical , they should be dismissed .
Hannity , in other words , seems anxious to push conservatism away from the mainstream .
If we ’re lucky , he ’ll keep it up .
Just out of curiosity , I checked out Focus on the Family ’s take on Halloween , assuming that if any high - profile conservatives would hate the holiday , it ’d be the Dobson crowd .
Here ’s the official Focus take on Halloween :
Whereas it can be argued that Christmas is a Christian holiday with Christian origins that has suffered the effects of growing secularism , Halloween can be traced to distinctly pagan sources .
It is reasonable , then , that many believers would find some aspects of its celebration disturbing .
I agree with them in that regard .
The traditional emphasis upon the occult , witches , devils , death , and evil sends messages to our kids that godly parents can only regard with alarm .
There is clearly no place in the Christian community for this “ darker side ” of Halloween .
Even here , however , there is a place for some harmless fun .
Kids love to dress up and pretend .
If the Halloween experience is focused on fantasy rather than the occult , I see no harm in it .
Make costumes for your children that represent fun characters , such as Mickey Mouse or an elderly grandmother , and then let them go door - to - door asking for treats .
This side of Halloween can be thoroughly enjoyable for the little ones .
Congratulations , Hannity , you ’re to the right of Focus on the Family on a pagan holiday .
Gen Jack Keane said the police in Basra could not control the violence
Gen Jack Keane , architect of the US " surge " , said the British are more focused on training Iraqi troops than controlling " deteriorating " security .
He added that there is a " general disengagement " by UK forces in Basra .
Meanwhile , the US military 's deputy commander in Iraq said Britain was on track to hand over responsibility to Iraqi forces in Basra later this year .
' Getting worse '
Gen Raymond Odierno told the BBC that a final assessment on whether the handover should go ahead would be made next month , but added that the US would not send troops to Basra when the British forces withdrew .
The Brits have never had enough troops to truly protect the population
Gen Jack Keane
In a report earlier this summer , the International Crisis Group said that Basra was controlled by rival Shia militias , and that British forces there appeared to have given up trying to impose the rule of law .
Retired Gen Jack Keane has just returned from Iraq , where he is acting as a Pentagon envoy .
He told the BBC's Today programme : " I think there is a general disengagement from what the key issues are around Basra .
" I would imagine that is where the source of frustration is .
" The Brits have never had enough troops to truly protect the population and we have found that out painfully in the central region as well . "
Asked about the security situation in Basra , he said : " I think it has been gradually deteriorating , with almost gangland warfare and the lack of ability of the police to control that level of violence - so the situation is gradually getting worse .
" The situation will continue to deteriorate . "
He added that US commanders wanted to avoid filling any vacuum left by the British .
" That situation could arise if the situation gets worse in Basra if and when British troops leave , " he said .
" Now the situation has changed in the south , it is considerably worse , certainly with the kind of gangland warfare that is preying on the people in the south . "
He said US leaders were accepting that they needed to expand the number of their ground troops .
Gen Keane added : " I think the same thing applies to the proud and distinguished British Army , it needs to grow in size to help assist in maintaining security as the situations in the 21st century begin to evolve and challenge the West . "
' Not inconsistent '
A spokesman for the Ministry of Defence said he would not suggest that there were no security problems in southern Iraq , but insisted that the situation in Basra was very different to that in Baghdad .
He added : " There are challenges , but the Iraqis ' ability to confront these themselves is growing and it is appropriate that they take on more responsibility for doing so .
" Our plans are not inconsistent with those of the US - we remain united in our strategy of handing over provinces to Iraqi control as and when conditions allow . "
Last week General Sir Richard Dannatt , the head of the British Army , said forces were " certainly stretched " .
Gen Keane 's comments follow a series of critical remarks about Britain 's policy in Iraq .
Social news website Digg.com is considering opening itself up further to allow other websites to copy its model , its co-founder has said .
In an interview with the Guardian , Digg chief executive Jay Adelson said the company was not looking to expand into more niche markets , but would prefer to " empower someone else " to do so .
Digg , which allows members to recommend news stories to the site 's 21 million users , has become an online phenomenon since launching in 2004 .
Primarily known for technology news , it also helped launch spin - off video podcast Diggnation , which is watched by more than 300,000 people each week .
Adelson - who founded the website with former TV presenter Kevin Rose - told the Guardian that although Digg would expand in areas such as images , videos and business news , it was not interested in other areas such as politics or sport .
" There 's value in vertical focus , " he said .
" But there may be a vertical which we choose not to go into : I would rather empower someone else to go down that route rather than do it myself . "
Adelson said that Digg would not consider licensing its technology to other websites in order to let them create their own versions of the site , but that would make such systems " freely available " .
" Sell the technology ?
No .
We believe that if you love something , set it free , " he said .
" As far as enabling other third parties to do this sort of stuff , that 's always been our intent .
A very important point is that when we create tools to help people with that , there is no question that they will be freely available to the public . "
He refused to comment further when pressed for more information , citing " confidential strategy " .
Digg is seen as the poster child for a new generation of online news aggregators , which have drawn large audiences and admiring looks from traditional publishers .
Several of the website 's competitors have been bought in the past year , including Reddit.com - which was acquired by magazine and internet publisher Conde Nast - and Newsvine , a social news outlet recently purchased by MSNBC.com .
But Adelson - who recently signed a three - year deal which will see Microsoft provide exclusive advertising to the site - said that he was not interested in selling the company , which he believed deserved a valuation in excess of $ 100m .
" Digg , in and of itself , is an incredible opportunity alone , " he said .
" It should be driven as far as it can go that way .
I 've always said this … but if somebody can get us faster to where Kevin and I want to go , then rock n roll . "
" But I have yet to meet someone who can do that . "
Even if “ Politics and the English Language ” seems , at certain points , dated or excessive , it remains as useful and as relevant today as it must have seemed when it was written .
The dangers that George Orwell was warning his readers against -- the ways in which the language of politics can be muddied and distorted in order to make the average , literate citizen incapable of thinking clearly -- are no less ( and perhaps more ) threatening than they were in Orwell ’s day .
Though I know such people exist , it is hard to imagine a sentient human being who has lived through the Bush - Cheney years without noticing what has been done to terms such as freedom , patriotism and liberty -- to take just the most blatant examples of words that have been given freighted and false new meanings .
The same is true for the word democracy , which Orwell himself singled out for particular scrutiny :
“ In the case of a word like democracy , not only is there no agreed definition , but the attempt to make one is resisted from all sides .
It is almost universally felt that when we call a country democratic we are praising it : consequently the defenders of every kind of regime claim that it is a democracy , and fear that they might have to stop using the word if it were tied down to any one meaning .
Words of this kind are often used in a consciously dishonest way . ”
Sound familiar ?
What was it exactly that we went to Iraq to “ spread ” ?
In a few brief , eloquent paragraphs , Orwell makes a point that could be excised from the essay and given to students who have trouble with the whole :
“ In our time , political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible .
Things like the continuance of British rule in India , the Russian purges and deportations , the dropping of the atom bombs on Japan , can indeed be defended , but only by arguments which are too brutal for most people to face , and which do not square with the professed aims of political parties .
Thus political language has to consist largely of euphemism , question - begging and sheer cloudy vagueness .
Defenseless villages are bombarded from the air , the inhabitants driven out into the countryside ... this is called pacification .
...
People are imprisoned for years without trial ... this is called elimination of unreliable elements .... ”
If young people are not trained to think and to pay attention to language , it seems obvious that they will be more susceptible to the techniques of advertising than to the more challenging processes of reason , common sense and logic .
And surely it ’s not only a few paranoids who have noticed that systematically under - educating a population is one way to ensure future generations of men and women qualified to work at the McDonald ’s or serve on a corporate board without stepping out of line , or asking too many questions , or asking the wrong questions , or knowing what questions to ask .
Francine Prose is the author of more than a dozen books of fiction , including the novel “ Blue Angel , ” a finalist for the National Book Award .
Posted by Ria , 18 Jan
What if you discovered that the person you married was n’t the person you always thought he or she was ?
Think it ’s impossible ?
Well it happens to people .
“ I suppose I was naïve to think I could find true love on the internet , but I was lonely and desperate , and I was looking for someone to love .
What I found instead was the start of my worst nightmare᾿ went Nancy .
Your perfect partner could be online right now ...
What are you looking for ?
I 'm looking for a Black White Latino Asian Any Woman Man Aged 18-25 26-40 41-55 56 +
Search
Ok first of all , I have to make a point of correction to the above statement : people do find true love on the internet and online dating is not for the desperate and lonely !!!
Anyway this lady met a dude named Thorne in an online chat room and was immediately intrigued by his ‘ exotic ’ name and a connection was made immediately .
He was 24 at the time , owning his own company .
And Nancy was flattered by how Thorne was interested in her : Every time she mentioned another detail about herself , he ’d ask her more .
Now who would n’t be addicted to such flattery ?
After about 6 weeks , they were in a relationship , calling each other and having very long conversations .
But sadly , Thorne revealed to Nancy that he had some form of cancer ( soft tissue sarcoma ) and did n’t know what toll it would take on him .
So with that kind of nudge , Nancy flew to New Mexico to meet him in person and of course he sent her a photo of himself – blond hair , with no facial hair and no glasses .
Cute … she thought .
Then the weird stuff began .
Half an hour before leaving for the airport , Thorne called Nancy saying , “ You ca n’t come !
I just came back from the doctor … and I ’m HIV positive !᾿
Well this news shocked Nancy .
But since she cared about him , she was n’t about to let this stop her .
In fact it made her feel even more sorry for him so she boarded the plane anyway .
So they met and it was amazing .
“ Now that you know about this AIDS thing , I know you ’re going to leave me , and the memory of you having been in my home would just be too painful ᾿ he went .
( Ok .
Later she learnt all this was a lie .
The loser did n’t want her to know he was still living with his parents .
So she stayed at a hotel and they talked at length about the HIV situation .
So they kissed … kisses she had never had with other men .
And it never occurred to her that Thorne was anything but male .
And he would shave his hairless face every day .
( Which she later found out there was no blade in the razor . )
Though the HIV gave Thorne a reason for not having sexual relations , they bonded on another level … emotionally and verbally .
Then he proposed after some months .
So they got married and he moved in with her .
And though it would be a marriage without normal sexual relations , Nancy hoped that having her in his life could help him face his life - threatening conditions .
At first all seemed fine .
They kissed but never saw each other naked … and because he was HIV positive , it did n’t make sense to tempt one another .
However , after a few weeks Nancy began to worry .
Thorne did n’t seem very sick – there were no doctor ’s appointments or visible doctor ’s bills .
One weekend while packing their bags in a suitcase they were sharing , Nancy discovered some hidden dildo .
And when confronted , he said it was a prosthetic that a psychiatrist had given him a long time ago and concocted some hermaphrodite story claiming that he has been born mostly male and needed some corrective surgery and hormones early in life and that the doc had given it to him as a self confidence tool .
Bizarre ?
Yes .
But Nancy thought it best to push it out of her mind .
Anyway she had better things to think about .
Having given
Thorne her ATM card , her money was rapidly being drained away from her bank account .
Checks bouncing … she was broke .
Her paycheck was n’t enough to support them and he was n’t making any efforts to get a job .
So she did what any suspicious person does – ganged up with mummy dearest and called government agencies trying to verify his passport number and ID number .
No one they called had any record of Thorne .
So it became clear he was leading a double life .
He pretended to go for job interviews and when she called to confirm , they inevitably told her they had never heard of him .
But she could n’t confront him .
With HIV and some cancer , she was n’t sure how fragile he was .
Much as she was concerned about Thorne , she was more worried about her own safety .
So she decided to get Thorne packing with “ You have to go back to Albuquerque or find your own place .
I do n’t care because you ’re obviously not getting any sicker , and yet you ’re not trying to get a job .
You have lied to me about job interviews and I do n’t trust you anymore .
And I will no live with you in this house .᾿
He was livid !
So he left four months after the wedding date after agreeing to a separation .
Then came the shocking truth !
Four days after he left , an envelope addressed to him arrived and peeky Nancy opened it .
Inside were a passport and a birth cert for someone named Holly except the picture on Holly ’s passport was clearly a picture of Thorne .
Then it all started falling into place .
The photo had been taken before Thorne and Nancy met .
And it was n’t his twin sister or him in drag .
It all came down on her like “ Oh , my God !! ᾿
She called him her “ Explain to me why I am looking at a woman ’s ID with your picture on it !᾿
All he could say was “ Well , because I ’m really Holly ᾿
She cried and cried and since same sex marriages were illegal in Virginia at the time , the marriage was null and void .
And when her massive phone bill came , Thorne had started calling other women already .
What would you do when this happens and you start questioning your judgement ?
We love the internet but just like in the real world not everyone has good intentions .
Exercise caution .
Tags : online dating fraud
The first reports I heard of something going on yesterday seemed like a bloggin hoax :
Anybody know what 's going on ?
There are TSA stations with about 20 agents each set up in at least two spots in downtown Indy , 1 is near Capitol and Market , the other is near the federal building .
They 're stopping and searching people getting on and off city busses and travelling on the street .
This is going a little too far .
Where exactly did this authority come from ?
( reference : Feds searching people in Indy )
I thought this had to be a hoax since the TSA surely had better things to do than hassle people riding buses in a major US city .
But over the day more and more reports came in confirming that not only were searches being made , but that they were being made by federal agents ( including Air Marshals ) and that many agencies were involved .
Then came a report from the Indianapolis Star , which said :
Screeners from the Transportation Security Administration checked passengers at two Downtown city bus stops this morning , looking for weapons and suspicious behavior .
David Kane , federal security director for TSA in Indianapolis , called it a " VIPR " operation .
" It 's called Visual Intermodal Prevention Response .
We have plainclothes inspectors , blue - gloved uniformed security officers who are checking baggage , the behavior detection officers , and federal air marshals , which are the law enforcement arm of TSA . "
Security stations were set up at bus stops at Capitol Avenue and Market Street , and Ohio and Meridian streets .
Some passengers were patted down or submitted to having bags checked .
TSA said the searches were “ by - permission , ” meaning patrons could decline to be checked .
Those who did would not be turned away , an official said , unless they otherwise appeared to be a security threat .
( reference : TSA checks IndyGo bus passengers )
So to be clear , 20 or more agents of the federal government came to Indianapolis , downtown , and setup two search stops for those wanting to ride the bus .
People could decline , legally , but only if the knew they could .
Traveller safety was the excuse , but in reality all the were on an explicit fishing operation that included everything plus " behavior detection officers " .
Did people even know they could decline the search ?
That is unclear .
But at least one report indicates that they TSA were n't even aware of local law !
For those who do not know , Indiana allows licensed individuals to carry firearms and accepts permits from other states for individuals to carry firearms as well .
We have the highest per capita concealed carry population in the nation and the TSA was not even aware of our laws .
My wife has a cousin who lives in Indy and he was one of the lucky ones volunteered for a pat - down .
He , like me , recognizes the value in being prepared for one 's own self defense .
The screener asked if he could be patted down for weapons to which he responded " I 'll save you the trouble , my licensed handgun is on my right hip . "
The screener thought he was joking .
Once she realized he was serious she announced that there was a situation and called in the reinforcements .
He was told rudely " YOOOOUUU CAN'T CARRY A GUN AROUND HERE ! "
And he replied " I bet I can , this is n't an airport ... "
By then a supervisor walked over , took a quick look at his Kentucky CCW and asked the Indianapolis PD next to him if it was any good .
The Indy cop replied that a CCW from any state or country is valid in Indiana .
So the supervisor declared in a loud voice to let him proceed , treat anyone with a CCW like a cop and pass them on .
Needless to say though , he had a very quiet bus ride with lots of passengers staring at him the whole time .
Aside from being galled at the concept of this kind of thing , I think it 's pretty sad that the federal security professionals need to learn the rules as they go .
One would think that if you were supposed to set up a checkpoint to screen for weapons , you 'd do a preliminary check to see what was against the law in Indiana , what was permitted , etc .
Goes to show how arbitrary the whole thing is .
( reference : Federal Agents Searching Civilians in Indy ( No BS ) ) .
So what was this operation , why was it needed , and what does it mean for us all ?
First , it was a clear encroachment on our 4th Amendment rights .
Even if it was legal ( because individuals could refuse it ) , the fact that law enforcement is searching people without cause is an encroachment .
Second , it was an encroachment done by the Federal Government in the guise of proposed safety .
While Indianapolis has had crime problems , the bus system has not been the hub of those problems .
Nor have any federal crimes been committed on Indianapolis busses .
Third , it was a Federal operation performed by those who are not even aware of the law .
Since they had no understanding of Indiana weapons laws and were performing weapons searches , why should I have any confidence in their understanding of , and care for Constitutional law in regards to personal searches .
Fourth , it was a Federal invasion of civilians that used our federal tax dollars to search bus passengers , who if criminal could have moved on to the next bus stop or just declined the search .
The very same Air Marshals that are supposed to be protecting our plans are searching people at bus stops .
This operation could hardly have been an effective expenditure of resources , especially as no reported arrests or confiscations took place .
Fifth , the stops seem to be better explained as a test of what encroachments Americans will accept , and the fact that only one article has mentioned it , sparsely at that , makes their test a likely success for federal agencies that seek to expand their powers .
So now it is up to us to decide , again , what is acceptable and what is not .
Personally , I plan to contact my Congressman in the morning ( as this was a federal operation ) and demand some basic investigations be done .
Specifically , I have the following questions :
Why my tax dollars were spent this way ?
What SPECIFIC threat this was addressing ?
What CLEAR 4th Ammendment considerations were taken in the planning and made clear in the searches ?
What effect this event was expected to have among the population , etc . ?
Why were federal agents unaware of Indiana law when they were there to search for violations of that law ?
Was any notification given to the public before the event ( as is done with road - blocks ) ?
In a time when there are concerns with not having enough air marshals on commercial planes , why do we have them at bus stops rather than at the airport ?
Are there plans to continue this program or expand it to other cities ?
Should we all expect federal agents to be searching citizens in our streets with no cause ?
I also plan to send a letter to the Indiana ACLU and to the mayor 's office .
To quote my congressman Baron Hill :
September 11th illustrated that , while the threat may have changed , the US still faces dangerous enemies in the 21st century .
Our enemies are no longer monolithic nation - states , but , instead , fluid networks of terrorists that operate covertly in dozens of nations .
To successfully combat this threat , it is crucial that we coordinate and develop a coherent strategy to enhance our homeland security .
We must not , however , sacrifice the personal freedoms of American citizens to achieve these goals .
( Source : 2006 Congressional National Political Awareness Test Nov 7 , 2006 )
Let 's see if anyone responds .
To my fellow Kos readers , I ask " Where is the reporting on this ? "
I have not seen anything in the HuffingtonPost , or drugeretort , etc .
Please help us all by looking into this .
It really is just the beginning .
UPDATE : I was wrong , thanks to hungrycoyote , the fact is this is a part of an 18 month old program opposed by law enforcement groups :
The law enforcement association already was unhappy with an 18 - month - old TSA program that teams the agency 's armed federal air marshals -- who have law - enforcement powers -- with unarmed screeners and inspectors on special units deployed at airports , rail and bus stations .
These squads , known as Visual Intermodal Protection and Response units , or VIPR teams , gained a higher profile earlier this month when they were sent to East and West Coast airports and other transportation facilities to beef up security patrols in the wake of terrorist incidents in England and Scotland .
" The teaming up of highly trained federal air marshals with civilian TSA screeners in uniform in front of airports and train stations is a recipe for disaster , " Gordon wrote .
Lawmen object to plans for screeners
SECOND UPDATE :
I have sent the following letter to my Congressman , a similar letter will go to my Senators , Governor , as well as the ACLU and NRA ( as I mentioned this is has cross the isle potential ) :
The Honorable Baron Hill
320 W. 8th Street , STE 114
Bloomington , IN 47404 [ BlueDot 's Name ]
[ BlueDot 's Address ]
08/03/2007 Dear Mr. Hill ,
You may not be aware that yesterday more than twenty agents of the TSA ran an operation in downtown Indianapolis .
They set up checkpoints at two downtown bus stops and searched those who wanted to ride .
With armed Federal Air Marshals present , riders were searched , and some even patted down .
In the Indianapolis newspapers this operation was called a " community outreach program " * searching for " weapons violation " **.
Several firsthand reports of this reached me through the internet .
The operation was anything but " outreach " as eye witnesses reported : " Anybody know what 's going on ?
There are TSA stations with about 20 agents each set up in at least two spots in downtown Indy , 1 is near Capitol and Market , the other is near the federal building .
They 're stopping and searching people getting on and off city busses and travelling on the street .
This is going a little too far .
Where exactly did this authority come from ? ( - source cited - )
Although the searches were supposedly " voluntary " , agents did not inform people of their right to refuse the search .
Agents were also unaware of even basic Indiana weapons law even though they were supposedly there to enforce it .
As one rider reported : " My wife has a cousin who lives in Indy and he was one of the lucky ones volunteered for a pat - down .
He , like me , recognizes the value in being prepared for one 's own self defense .
The screener asked if he could be patted down for weapons to which he responded " I 'll save you the trouble , my licensed handgun is on my right hip . "
The screener thought he was joking .
Once she realized he was serious she announced that there was a situation and called in the reinforcements .
He was told rudely " YOOOOUUU CAN'T CARRY A GUN AROUND HERE ! "
And he replied " I bet I can , this is n't an airport ... "
By then a supervisor walked over , took a quick look at his Kentucky CCW and asked the Indianapolis PD next to him if it was any good .
The Indy cop replied that a CCW from any state or country is valid in Indiana .
So the supervisor declared in a loud voice to let him proceed , treat anyone with a CCW like a cop and pass them on .
Needless to say though , he had a very quiet bus ride with lots of passengers staring at him the whole time .
Aside from being galled at the concept of this kind of thing , I think it 's pretty sad that the federal security professionals need to learn the rules as they go .
One would think that if you were supposed to set up a checkpoint to screen for weapons , you 'd do a preliminary check to see what was against the law in Indiana , what was permitted , etc .
Goes to show how arbitrary the whole thing is . " ( - source cited - )
At first I could hardly believe this operation happened here in Indiana and assumed it to be an isolated case of TSA activity , but it apparently is not .
It is a part of a larger program called the VIPR program which has been quietly running for the last eighteen months and has visited many larger cities .
It is also opposed by many in law enforcement , including federal law enforcement : " The law enforcement association already was unhappy with an 18 - month - old TSA program that teams the agency 's armed federal air marshals -- who have law - enforcement powers -- with unarmed screeners and inspectors on special units deployed at airports , rail and bus stations .
These squads , known as Visual Intermodal Protection and Response units , or VIPR teams , gained a higher profile earlier this month when they were sent to East and West Coast airports and other transportation facilities to beef up security patrols in the wake of terrorist incidents in England and Scotland .
" The teaming up of highly trained federal air marshals with civilian TSA screeners in uniform in front of airports and train stations is a recipe for disaster , " Gordon wrote . " ( - source cited - )
In addition to being a ridiculous operation at a law enforcement level as the searches were " optional " , at two stops only , and the agents were not even versed in Indiana law , these stops were flagrant encroachments on Indiana sovereignty and our Fourth Amendment rights .
Additionally , as they were done downtown a significant number of those who were searched were minorities and the poor who not only use the bus system for work , but who are often those least versed in their rights to question or refuse undue searches .
And just in case you do not think that this operation was questionable , one eye - witness was a lawyer and reported : " I am an attorney in downtown Indy , and the bus stop by the Federal Building is right outside my window .
I saw the bus parked at the bus stop for a LONG time with people standing with their bags of stuff scattered around being questioned .
I thought " Whoa , I wonder what some moron did to a bus driver or cop to cause all that . "
I guess I should have gone across the street and advised everyone they had a right to decline consent .
Then again , I have no desire to [ visit ] the Marion County jail except to talk to clients or police . " ( - source cited - )
In addition to the legal questions involved , the expenditures of manpower and time seem a waste for both the federal and state law enforcement agencies involved .
In a time of continued threats against our air travel , when air marshals are a precious commodity , why are they standing around checking people getting on busses in downtown Indianapolis ?
I have several specific questions I would like you to answer after having a chance to investigate the events on 08/02/2008 :
Why were my tax dollars spent this way ?
What SPECIFIC threat was this addressing ?
What CLEAR Fourth Amendment considerations were followed in the planning of these searches ?
What CLEAR Fourth Amendment considerations were made clear in the implementation of these searches ?
What effect this event was expected to have within the general population ?
Why were federal agents unaware of Indiana law when they were there to search for violations of that law ?
Was any notification given to the public before the event ( as is done with the " Click - It and Ticket " program ) ?
In a time when there are concerns over a lack of air marshals on commercial planes , why do we have them at bus stops rather than airports ?
Why are there plans to continue this program or expand it to other cities ?
Should the American voter expect federal agents to be searching citizens in our streets with no cause ?
So that you are aware , I wrote an diary about this event on the web site DailyKos and it was the top recommended item for more than twelve hours and remained among the top ten for over twenty - four hours which -- given the millions of daily readers and the caliber of core Democratic party activists at the site -- should give you pause as to the seriousness in which this event and program are held .
I am attaching a printout of this article and following discussion for your review .
I am a Democrat , a voter , and a constituent .
I am offended and concerned by what happened in Indianapolis and by the actions of this national VIPR program .
As you yourself have said : ' September 11th illustrated that , while the threat may have changed , the US still faces dangerous enemies in the 21st century .
Our enemies are no longer monolithic nation - states , but , instead , fluid networks of terrorists that operate covertly in dozens of nations .
To successfully combat this threat , it is crucial that we coordinate and develop a coherent strategy to enhance our homeland security .
We must not , however , sacrifice the personal freedoms of American citizens to achieve these goals .
( source : 2006 Congressional National Political Awareness Test Nov 7 , 2006 )
Please act now and help protect these very rights which are being squandered with this preposterous and invasive violation of our rights at the hands of the TSA .
Thank you for your time & I await your response , [ BlueDot 's Name ]
[ BlueDot 's Address ]
Registered Democrat
ACLU Member
NRA Member
DailyKos Diarist ( - source cited -) ** ( - source cited - )
The formatting is damaged and I had to remove the citations , but you get the point .
I strongly encourage each of you to also write letters to your representatives .
They only know we are mad when we tell them !
A separate letter will go to the two Indianapolis news sources that chose to do absolutely no research on this project but rather printed stories that appear to be reworded press releases .
Their job is to look , question , and report .
They did none of the above .
Santa Claus
A few years ago I was talking to a woman I worked with , who told me that she told her kids that Santa Claus was real , " because how could you not ? " .
She thought she would have been depriving her kids by not telling them the story .
And maybe she would have been ; I honestly do n't know .
I do n't remember what it was like to believe literally in Santa Claus or how I felt when I learned the truth .
My vocabulary here is failing me .
" Telling them the story " is not what I want , because the Santa Claus thing is deceptive , and telling stories is not normally deceptive : " fiction " and " lies " mean different things .
When I tell Katara the story of the Little Red Hen , there is no presumption that there is an actual , literal Red Hen .
Katara might think there is , or not , or might not think about it at all ; I do n't know which .
Ditto Cinderella , or Olivia the Pig , or any other story I tell or read to her .
But when people tell their kids about Santa Claus , they present it not as a story , but as a literal truth .
They present it in a way that is calculated to make the kids believe there is actually a fat , benevolent , white - bearded immortal , manufacturing toys in a secret arctic workshop .
This is no longer mere fiction ; it is a lie .
So what I want to say is that this lady thought she would be depriving her kids of the magic of Santa Claus by not telling them this lie .
But I really do n't want to use the word " lie " here , because it 's so pejorative .
It makes it sound as though I think badly of this good woman for telling her kids that Santa Claus was real .
But I do n't , at all .
She is generally wise and honest and I respect her .
Parents tell their kids all sorts of awful , appalling lies , which upsets me a lot , but this lie is quite benign by comparison , and bothers me not at all .
Let me be perfectly clear : I have nothing , absolutely nothing , against the Santa Claus story .
I have an article in progress about how much I hate the way parents routinely lie to their kids , to manipulate them , and this one is n't in the article , because it does n't even register .
It 's just for fun , or nearly so .
Santa Claus seems pretty harmless to me .
Unlike many of the pernicious lies children are told , Santa Claus is a great story .
It would be really wonderful to believe that I would get presents every year because there was a fat guy manufacturing toys at the North Pole .
Delightful !
And the only thing wrong with it is that it is n't true .
Oh well .
There are a lot of pretty stories that are n't true .
Anyway , at the time I had this conversation about Santa Claus , Katara was too young to have heard about Santa Claus anyway , and my co-worker asked if I was planning to tell Katara the Santa Claus story .
Now that I 've written this article , it occurs to me what she meant to ask , was not whether I was going to tell Katara the story , but whether I was going to tell her that it was true .
Having realized that now , my reply seems a lot more obvious in retrospect than it did at the time .
I had n't thought about it before , but I said I did n't think I would .
" But what are you going to tell her ? "
" The truth , I guess . "
The truth , though , is pretty wonderful , although less astonishing .
You do n't get presents because of the fat guy in the red suit , which is a shame , because would n't it be fun if it were true ?
But you do get them anyway , and it 's because your family loves you .
As consolation prizes go , that one 's pretty good .
So we did tell her the truth .
Santa Claus is just a story .
Katara will have to grow up without that piece of childhood delight .
Sorry , Katara .
But she 'll also grow up knowing that her parents respect her enough to tell her the truth instead of a pretty lie , and maybe that will be enough of a consolation prize to make up for it .
[ Other articles in category / kids ] permanent link
The LLVM Compiler System is being used for all sorts of interesting things these days .
It basically provides an extremely modular and easy to use set of open source ( BSD - licensed ) compiler libraries that can be used to build various applications from .
Despite this , many people do n’t really understand it , and are scared away by the breadth of the project or by compilers in general .
The Kaleidoscope tutorial starts out from scratch and slowly builds up a simple language to show how LLVM can help out with this .
We end up with a JIT compiler for a fairly interesting little language with less than 700 lines of code .
Of course , this is just the tip of the iceberg , once you start with LLVM , there are all sorts of things you can do .
McCain is loathesome .
And , it ’s not just fellow Republicans who despise him .
But , if the hard core GOPers want to hate their front runner , who are we to stop them :
But Sen. McCain still confronts a problem both in the remainder of the nomination race , and , if he wins , in the fall :
He is simply loathed by many fellow Republicans , often for the very bipartisanship and maverick streak that attracts independents .
His biggest , and perhaps final , test comes Tuesday , when 21 states hold contests — most of them open only to Republican voters .
“ So it is over .
Finished .
In November , we ’ll be sending out our most liberal , least trustworthy candidate , ” conservative author and talk - radio personality Michael Graham said on a conservative blog , reacting to Sen .
McCain ’s third primary victory , two days ago in Florida .
The right wingers have reason to loathe McCain .
They know enough not to trust him .
This matters because it is the hard core base that does the work at election time .
McCain is not their guy .
GOPers are good at imposing discipline on their minions .
But , the minions have spent a lot of time and energy hating McCain .
More after the break .
Last year , back when McCain was the initial GOP front runner Vanity Fair profiled him .
Besides delving into McCain ’s notorious temper , the article made it clear that McCain is n’t quite the straight talker he purports to be .
On the social issues near and dear to the hearts of the right wingers , McCain is a pretender :
“ Yes , he ’s a social conservative , but his heart is n’t in this stuff , ” one former aide told me , referring to McCain ’s instinctual unwillingness to impose on others his personal views about issues such as religion , sexuality , and abortion .
“ But he has to pretend [ that it is ] , and he ’s not a good enough actor to pull it off .
He just ca n’t fake it well enough . ”
Right wing News Max , a publication to which we would usually never link , has written several blistering pieces on McCain .
It ’s worth a look just to see how deep the hatred is .
An August 2006 article about McCain ’s notorious temper even pondered if McCain was “ healthy enough to serve ? ”
No love there .
A half - dozen entrepreneurs are suing a Queens man , charging him with coun terfeiting and selling versions of their prod ucts .
Here ’s the catch :
The products are n’t real , and the alleged crimes took place in a virtual world on the Web .
Nonetheless , six Internet retailers have banded together in the real world demanding payback from their nemesis from Second Life – an online universe with more than 10 million registered members who create identities and digital represen tations of themselves , starting with nothing and spending actual cash and credit to pur chase clothing , food and shelter .
Second Lifers can fly , slay monsters , get married , have sex – and make money .
Some Lifers support them selves via the game ’s economy , in which an average of $ 1 million a day in real dollars changes hands .
That is where the federal lawsuit comes in .
It was filed last week in Brooklyn federal court against 36 - year - old Flushing resident Thomas Simon , a k a Rase Kenzo on Second Life .
The e-business owners allege that Simon lifted everything from shoes and clothes to beds from their Second Life shops .
What ’s so wrong with copying imaginary products in what many would consider a video game ?
“ It ’s stealing , ” insisted Kevin Alderman , a Florida man whose Second Life alter ego is called Stroker Serpentine .
He operates the Second Life sex store Strokerz Toyz , which sells beds , sofas , rugs and toys embedded with computer code that facilitates sex between virtual characters .
Simon also allegedly infringed on the copyright and trademarks of Shannon Grei , of Oregon , who sells clothing and “ skins ” for Second Life characters ; Linda Baca of Indiana ; Teasa Copprue of Michigan ; Kasi Lewis of Georgia ; and Michael Hester of Virginia .
Grei , a single mom who goes by the name Munchflower Zaius on Second Life , supports her two young kids with her business .
Cybergeeks spend anywhere from 50 cents to $ 4 to clothe their “ avatar ” in anything from a simple T - shirt to a formal gown .
“ Over time , it ’s going to add up , and it ’s going to add up quickly , ” she said of her Second Life sales .
The cyber - entrepreneurs think their products were cloned through a technical glitch in the Second Life system .
Their lawyer , Frank Tanney , said they have a strong case based on intellectual property rights .
“ This is not a joke , ” he said .
“ This is not a game .
This hurts them . ”
The lawsuit does n’t specify how much money the group wants but seeks damages equal to three times the profits they claim they lost by Simon ’s activities .
Simon denied any wrongdoing .
“ They can say whatever they want to say , ” he said .
“ It ’s a video game . ”
He also said the plaintiffs found their “ evidence ” by taking pictures inside his Second Life home .
He contended that if he could be sued in real life for what goes on in Second Life , then U.S. search and seizure laws should also apply in the virtual world .
At his small condo complex near La Guardia Airport , Simon shrugged when told about the lawsuit .
“ I did n’t know you could sue anyone over it , ” he said .
kboniello@nypost.com
They are the world 's oldest human tracks , a set of footprints pressed into volcanic ash that have lain perfectly preserved for more than three - and - a - half million years .
Made by a group of ancient apemen , the prints represent one of the most important sites in human evolutionary studies , for they show that our ancestors had already stopped walking on four legs and had become upright members of the primate world .
But now the Laetoli steps in northern Tanzania are in danger of destruction .
The footprints , although reburied 10 years ago and covered by a special protective coating , are suffering storm erosion , while trees and plants begin to grow through the historic outlines .
The Laetoli steps were discovered in 1976 by scientists led by the late Mary Leakey , mother of conservationist Richard Leakey .
They found a couple of prints that had been exposed by the wind and then uncovered a trail that led across an expanse of volcanic ash , like footprints left behind by holidaymakers walking on a wet beach .
The researchers could make out the arch of each foot , the big toe - even the heel .
The prints had clearly been made by creatures who had long adapted to walking on two legs .
Yet tests showed the prints had been made about 3.6 million years ago .
At that time , the area was populated by short , small - brained species of apeman , known as Australopithicus afarensis , an ancestor of modern human beings .
Most scientists believe these were the creators of the Laetoli footprints , individuals who may have been escaping an eruption of the nearby Sadiman volcano .
By studying the prints , scientists conclude that a smaller individual - presumed by Leakey to be a female - stopped in her tracks and glanced at some threat or sound to her left .
' This motion , so intensely human , transcends time , ' Leakey wrote in National Geographic .
' Three million , six hundred thousand years ago , a remote ancestor - just as you or I - experienced a moment of doubt . '
It is this window on human behaviour that makes Laetoli so important , say scientists .
But a study presented at an international conference last month warns that unless urgent action is taken , the Laetoli steps - ' the rarest , oldest and most important evidence ' documenting humans ' ability to walk on two legs - will be lost to civilisation .
' The protective blanket over the prints is already breaking up , ' said Dr Charles Musiba of the University of Colorado , Denver .
' Unless something is done within the next five years , the site is going to suffer serious , irreparable damage . '
He added : ' The footprints are currently buried for their own protection - which means we can no longer study them , and that is crazy .
We could use scanners and other modern tools to learn all sorts of things about the people who made these prints .
We need to expose them but protect them as well .
Building a museum over them is the perfect solution . '
Palaeontologists agree that action is needed , but claim that constructing a building over the steps in remote Laetoli is impossible and would only lead to further degradation .
' No matter how good the intentions , any attempt to preserve them in place is doomed to failure , ' said one of the steps ' discoverers , Tim White of the University of Berkeley , California .
' Laetoli is remote , inaccessible , and would require infrastructure currently not available or foreseeable to preserve these prints in place . '
Professor Terry Harrison of New York University said : ' The local people around Laetoli , the Masai , do not appreciate having structures built on their land .
They tend to smash things up .
These are pastoral people who do not have a sense of property and can be destructive .
You would need to guard the museum constantly and carefully . '
Harrison and White believe the whole sequence of steps , about 23 metres in length , should be cut from the local hillside , transported to Dar es Salaam , Tanzania 's capital , and installed in a museum .
The technology for such an endeavour has precedents .
In 1968 , engineers relocated the Egyptian temple of Abu Simbel when it was threatened by the creation of the Aswan Dam .
Sites under threat
Lascaux caves , Dordogne , France
17,000 - year - old paintings are threatened by bacterial and fungal infection .
Stonehenge , Wiltshire
Considered for Unesco's endangered list because of harm caused by traffic .
Hill of Tara , Ireland
Motorway plans put the site on World Monuments Watch 's endangered list .
Jarlshof , Shetland
Site showing occupation over 4,200 years at risk from rising sea levels .
Wadi Mathendous rock art , Libya
Tourism and vibrations from oil - drilling threaten prehistoric cliff carvings .
Filthy Bluff was originally founded in 1924 by four Bulgarian midwives as a place where they could exchange recipes involving their favorite food ; Pez .
The site has undergone minor revisions since , but it remains true to its original purpose .
Want to submit a link , ask a question , or bitch and moan about your inability to choose a shower curtain ?
BACK at the dawn of the personal - computer era , in the late 1970s , millions of future programmers around the world got their first taste of writing software by using an ingenious little computer that cost less than $ 100 ( about $ 240 in today 's money ) .
For the vast majority of individuals who could not afford the $ 2,500 ( more than $ 6,000 today ) that IBM and others were about to start charging for their revolutionary PCs , the diminutive Sinclair ZX80 and its ZX81 successor were inspirations .
If you did n't mind soldering the motherboard together yourself , the laptop - sized computer could be had in kit form for around $ 70 .
Your correspondent built two , one of each model .
For a while Clive Sinclair , the innovative genius behind the ZX80 / 81 and much else , was the patron saint of schoolboys of all ages everywhere .
Sir Clive 's current equivalent is Nicholas Negroponte , co-founder of the Media Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the father of one of the worthiest causes in contemporary computing .
In the sweep of its ambition , Mr Negroponte 's pet project , One Laptop Per Child ( OLPC ) , is remarkably similar to the thinking behind the original ZX80 — giving inquisitive but economically deprived children the chance to feel the exhilaration of computer - based learning .
This week sees the realisation of Mr Negroponte 's five - year dream .
After field testing in Nigeria and Brazil , the OLPC project 's first model , a rugged little green laptop called the XO that can run on batteries , solar power , a miniature windmill or hand - or foot - crank , goes into mass production .
Schoolchildren in developing countries will start receiving the remarkable computer from October onwards .
The first batch is being supplied to some 30 of the world 's poorest countries for $ 176 apiece .
As production builds up at Quanta , the huge Taiwanese laptop - maker that is producing the machine for OLPC , Mr Negroponte hopes to drive the unit cost down to $ 100 .
After more than a quarter century of progress , Moore 's Law ( chipmakers double the power of their semiconductors every 18 months or so ) would suggest that the modern equivalent of the Sinclair machine should be about 20 times smarter .
In reality , the XO is more like 1,000 times better .
That 's because innovations in information technology are not just cumulative ; in closely coupled fields , they can have powerful multiplier effects .
Also , some very smart people have refused to accept the conventional wisdom about how personal computers should be designed .
Overall , the XO tips the scale at around half the weight of a comparable laptop , gets over twice the usual running time when operating on battery power and costs less than half the normal price of an entry - level computer .
One of the tricks has been to make many of the XO 's components serve at least two purposes .
EPA
Wonder toy
To save power , for instance , the XO 's liquid - crystal display ( the biggest consumer of juice in a laptop ) can be flipped from backlit colour to self - reflecting monochrome .
That not only saves electricity , but helps the screen to be seen better in bright sunlight , where many XOs are likely to be used .
The number crunching is done by an AMD Geode processor running at a modest 433 megahertz , compared with the 2 - 3 gigahertz of conventional laptops .
This processor allows the XO to use less energy and therefore generate much less heat .
Result : no power - consuming cooling fan .
Indeed , all rotating parts have been dispensed with — to make the XO rugged enough for the wild .
Instead of a hard drive , for instance , the XO uses a one - gigabyte “ flash ” chip to store data even when the power is off .
The keyboard has a waterproof rubber coating and the case is sealed to prevent dust from encroaching .
A pair of wireless antennas swivel up from the screen 's sides like rabbit ears , endowing the laptop with two to three times the normal Wi -Fi range .
When folded down , the antennas not only lock the case and but also seal off its various ports .
Better still , the Wi-Fi circuitry makes every laptop not just a communications device , but also a router .
In other words , each laptop is part of a wireless mesh that relays the broadband signal from laptop to laptop — so those out of direct range can still get a connection to the internet .
If the ingenuity of the XO 's hardware is impressive , the machine 's software is truly ground - breaking .
Red Hat , the world 's largest Linux distributor , has provided an extremely compact version of its Fedora operating system , called Sugar , that uses a mere 130 megabytes of the XO 's flash memory .
By comparison , Windows XP requires 1.65 gigabytes .
The XO comes with a word processor , PDF viewer , Firefox web browser , media player , drawing tools plus the usual set of utilities .
But it is the way the Sugar operating system lets the user work that 's so clever .
Instead of the usual hierarchical view of a computer 's applications and data , Sugar organises everything around what has been used recently .
Alternatively , it can group applications and files in terms of who is connected on the wireless mesh .
As such , the mesh approach gives XO an array of collaborative tools that puts expensive business laptops to shame .
Clearly , trying to produce such an extraordinary product as a laptop that is kid-proof and capable of working in jungles , deserts or the bush , miles from the nearest grid connection , and all for the cheapest possible price , has concentrated minds remarkably .
The XO offers a lesson for laptop - makers everywhere .
In fact , quite a few have gone from ridiculing the OLPC project to trying to emulate or join it .
Most notable has been Intel .
After first dismissing Mr Negroponte 's laptop as a toy , the chipmaking giant suddenly rushed out a spoiler design of its own for developing countries , fearing it was about to be left out of an emerging market .
Called Classmate , Intel 's $ 225 laptop has failed to impress .
Last week Intel admitted defeat tacitly by asking to join the OLPC association .
The question now is when can the rest of us get laptops as cheap and clever as the OLPC 's radical design ?
Judging from the stir the XO has created , the answer is more likely to be months rather than years .
DALLAS ( Reuters Life ! ) - More Americans believe in a literal hell and the devil than Darwin ’s theory of evolution , according to a new Harris poll released on Thursday .
Charles Darwin in a file image .
More Americans believe in a literal hell and the devil than Darwin 's theory of evolution , according to a new Harris poll released on Thursday .
REUTERS / File
It is the latest survey to highlight America ’s deep level of religiosity , a cultural trait that sets it apart from much of the developed world .
It also helps explain many of its political battles which Europeans find bewildering , such as efforts to have “ Intelligent Design ” theory -- which holds life is too complex to have evolved by chance -- taught in schools alongside evolution .
The poll of 2,455 U.S. adults from Nov 7 to 13 found that 82 percent of those surveyed believed in God , a figure unchanged since the question was asked in 2005 .
It further found that 79 percent believed in miracles , 75 percent in heaven , while 72 percent believed that Jesus is God or the Son of God.
Belief in hell and the devil was expressed by 62 percent .
Darwin ’s theory of evolution met a far more skeptical audience which might surprise some outsiders as the United States is renowned for its excellence in scientific research .
Only 42 percent of those surveyed said they believed in Darwin ’s theory which largely informs how biology and related sciences are approached .
While often referred to as evolution it is in fact the 19th century British intellectual ’s theory of “ natural selection . ”
There are unsurprising differences among religious groups .
“ Born - again Christians are more likely to believe in the traditional elements of Christianity than are Catholics or Protestants .
For example , 95 percent believe in miracles , compared to 87 percent and 89 percent among Catholics and Protestants , ” according to the poll .
“ On the other hand only 16 percent of born - again Christians , compared to 43 percent of Catholics and 30 percent of Protestants , believe in Darwin ’s theory of evolution . ”
What is perhaps surprising is that substantial minorities in America apparently believe in ghosts , UFOs , witches , astrology and reincarnation .
The survey , which has a sampling error of plus or minus two percent , found that 35 percent of the respondents believed in UFOs and 31 percent in witches .
More born - again Christians -- a term which usually refers to evangelical Protestants who place great emphasis on the conversion experience -- believed in witches at 37 percent than mainline Protestants or Catholics , both at 32 percent .
Appeals court says requirement to attend AA unconstitutional SAN FRANCISCO Religious content of program violates rights , court says
Alcoholics Anonymous , the renowned 12 - step program that directs problem drinkers to seek help from a higher power , says it 's not a religion and is open to nonbelievers .
But it has enough religious overtones that a parolee can't be ordered to attend its meetings as a condition of staying out of prison , a federal appeals court ruled Friday .
In fact , said the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco , the constitutional dividing line between church and state in such cases is so clear that a parole officer can be sued for damages for ordering a parolee to go through rehabilitation at Alcoholics Anonymous or an affiliated program for drug addicts .
Rulings from across the nation since 1996 have established that " requiring a parolee to attend religion - based treatment programs violates the First Amendment , " the court said .
" While we in no way denigrate the fine work of ( Alcoholics Anonymous and Narcotics Anonymous ) , attendance in their programs may not be coerced by the state . "
The 12 steps required for participants in both programs include an acknowledgment that " a power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity " and a promise to " turn our will and our lives over to the care of God as we understood Him . "
They also call for prayer and meditation .
Friday 's 3 - 0 ruling allows a Honolulu man to go to trial in a suit on behalf of his late father , Ricky Inouye , who was paroled from a drug sentence in November 2000 .
A Buddhist , he objected to religiously oriented drug treatment in prison , sued state officials over the issue and told Hawaii parole authorities just before his release that he would object to any condition that included a treatment program with religious content .
When Inouye was arrested for trespassing in March 2001 and tested positive for drugs , his parole officer , Mark Nanamori , ordered him to attend a Salvation Army treatment program that included participation in Narcotics Anonymous meetings , the court said .
Inouye showed up but refused to participate , dropped out after two months , and , for that and other reasons , was sent back to prison in November 2001 for violating his parole .
After his release in 2003 , he sued Nanamori and others for violating his constitutional rights .
Inouye died while the suit was pending , and his son took over the case .
A federal judge dismissed the suit , saying officers are required to pay damages for violating constitutional rights only when those rights are already clearly established .
But the appeals court said Nanamori should have known in 2001 that coerced participation in a religion - based program was unconstitutional because eight state and federal courts had ruled on the issue by then and all had agreed that a parolee has a right to be assigned to a secular treatment program .
You can probably get through life without ever having to learn to write longhand ; so long as you can sign your name , you ’re fine .
We type everything else , right ?
It ’s the same with many things car - related , too .
No one today needs to know how to double - clutch , for example — unless you happen to own a car built before the 1950s .
The last twenty years of technological advances have added several items to the roster of obsolescent skills and things you do n’t see much anymore , including :
1 ) “ Choking ” The Engine
Since all new cars have electronic fuel injection , there ’s no need to set the choke ( either manually , by pulling on a knob or automatically , by pumping the gas pedal ) because fuel - injected cars do n’t have a choke .
They have a cold - start enrichment circuit — but it requires no special action by the driver .
Just get in , turn the key — and go .
2 ) Threshold Braking
There are still a few cars that come without anti-lock brakes ( ABS ) but not many — and their days are numbered .
So drivers no longer need worry about learning how to apply the brakes just hard enough to get maximum braking without locking them up and sending the car into a violent skid .
The computer handles that now ; the driver just slams the brake as hard as he can and the system will prevent the wheels from locking while applying maximum possible braking force to slow the car down .
No more loss of steering control ; no more black stripes in the road leading to a pile of broken glass and crunched - up sheetmetal .
3 ) Locking The Hubs
Virtually all 4WD systems today are either automatic or electronic .
The onboard system either decides for you when to engage 4WD — or the driver does it by turning a knob on the console .
The manly fun of stopping in the middle of a muddy road ( or in a downpour ) , climbing out and manually rotating the engagement mechanism on each front wheel to engage 4WD is fast slipping into the mists of history .
4 ) Rolling Down The Windows
Have you noticed how few cars still come without power windows as standard equipment ?
Even the meanest little econo - boxes increasingly include power windows ( and air conditioning ) in the car ’s base price .
It ’s become an expected “ given ” — and probably within three or four years at the outside it will be impossible to find a new car that still offers manual roll - up windows .
( See also : Locking doors manually . )
5 ) Emptying The Ashtray
As smoking has become politically incorrect , cup - holders and power points have supplanted ashtrays — several of which , at least , used to be found in just about every new car .
Today , if an ashtray is even available , you have to special order it as part of an optional “ smoker ’s package . ”
6 ) Lubing The Chassis
Many new vehicles have no grease fittings — and so , do n’t require the periodic attentions of the grease gun .
They are “ lubed for life ” — which ( according to automaker PR ) reduces maintenance costs but also means that expensive suspension / chassis parts are also “ throw away ” parts that ca n’t be serviced , either .
7 ) Laying Rubber
It ’s still possible to screech the tires and leave a pair of black marks in the road — but electronic nannies are making it harder and may soon render it impossible .
Burnouts are irresponsible ( though fun ! ) and the automakers are working feverishly to put under computer control any uncontrolled vehicle movement — such as a slip - sliding drag race - style launch .
Traction / stability control systems are becoming omnipresent ; they may soon be impossible to turn off .
8 ) Rustproofing
This is handled by the factory , which does a magnificent job of applying protective coatings that keep new cars from rusting out for many years .
These days , it ’s common for the body to outlast the engine — the reverse of what used to be the case .
And it ’s completely superfluous to buy a rust - proofing package beyond what the car got when it was assembled at the factory .
That business has gone the way of the pet rock and Betamax .
This is a guest post by automotive columnist Eric Peters , check him out on the web at www.ericpetersautos.com.
HERAT , Afghanistan ( Reuters ) - Taliban insurgents have captured a third district in western Afghanistan , local officials said on Monday , defying Western assertions the rebels are unable to mount large military offensives .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
The hardline Islamist Taliban relaunched their insurgency two years ago to topple the pro-Western Afghan government and eject the 50,000 foreign troops , expanding their operations further from the mainly Pashtun south where they are strongest .
Western forces say the Taliban ’s greater reliance this year on suicide and roadside bombs is a result of heavy battlefield casualties they and Afghan troops have inflicted on the rebels and the insurgents ’ inability to hold ground .
But in the last week , the Taliban have captured three districts in the western province of Farah , bordering Iran , forcing lightly armed Afghan police to flee and defying Afghan and foreign forces to retake the lost ground .
First , Taliban rebels captured the Farah district of Gulistan a week ago , then on Wednesday took nearby Bakwa .
On Sunday , the insurgents seized Khak-e Sefid without a fight .
“ Khake-e Sefid district fell into Taliban hands yesterday without any resistance from Afghan forces , ” Qadir Daqiq , a Farah provincial council member told Reuters .
A provincial official who declined to be named also confirmed the report .
Taliban forces had been building up around Khak-e Sefid for some days , a Western security analyst said .
The rebels in Farah have been receiving arms through a Taliban leader based close to the Iranian border , he said on condition of anonymity .
“ There are many Iranians and Pakistanis fighting among the Afghan Taliban , ” Farah provincial police chief Abdulrahman Sarjang told Reuters .
POLICE MORALE LOW
Afghan and Western officials have often said the Taliban ’s ranks are reinforced with foreign fighters , but have said they have no proof of any assistance at an official level .
Poor morale among Afghan police meant that up to 38 officers had defected to the Taliban in the last week in Farah , the security analyst said , and those that remained were unwilling or unable to put up much of a fight .
“ As soon as the Taliban attacked in numbers they did their best to make a tactical withdrawal -- they basically got out of there as quick as they could , ” he said .
“ Their motivation is not there to fight . ”
Local residents have complained that NATO - led troops , under Italian command in western Afghanistan , have not helped Afghan forces to retake the districts .
“ The residents are complaining that foreign forces do not assist Afghan troops to retake the districts , ” Maolavi Yahya , district chief of neighboring Delaram told Reuters .
“ They have been complaining for a week now . ”
As fighting in Afghanistan drags on , frustration is growing among ordinary Afghans that their government and its Western backers have not provided security six years after Afghan and U.S. - led forces toppled the Taliban in 2001 for not handing over al Qaeda leaders in the wake of the September 11 attacks .
NATO commanders admit they have a limited window in which to defeat the Taliban and provide much - needed development before the Afghan public turns against their presence and public opinion in the West , frustrated by growing casualties , calls for the troops to be withdrawn , handing victory to the insurgents .
Not to bum everyone out or anything — this is a gadget blog after all — but here 's a comic titled " The History of Technology " on No Exit by Andy Singer .
Advertisement
It 's pretty much self - explanatory , so we 'll just pose this question to our readers :
Do you think all the gadgets we 've amassed are making us more happy , less happy , or just about the same ?
Advertisement
Gawker Media polls require Javascript ; if you 're viewing this in an RSS reader , click through to view in your Javascript - enabled web browser .
Andy Singer [ via Neatorama ]
It 's a sad day for internet radio enthusiasts .
Bloomberg reports that AOL and Yahoo may shut down their web radio services as a result of a 38 percent increase in royalty fees .
" We 're not going to stay in the business if cost is more than we make long term , '' Ian Rogers , general manager at Yahoo 's music unit , told Bloomberg .
The news comes roughly eight months after the U.S. Copyright Royalty Board hiked royalty rates for webcasts effective ( retroactively ) from 2006 through 2010 .
For 2007 , webcasters must pay $ .0011 to stream one song to one listener ; and that rate will jump to $ .0014 in 2008 ; and to $ .0018 in 2009 .
The fee structure was expected to drive hundreds of net radio stations out of business with the exception of deep - pocketed businesses such as Yahoo and AOL .
It 's not a totally done deal , though : Webcasters are scheduled to begin their appeal of the rate structure starting in February , and the whole process could carry on through much of 2008 .
( The timing of Rogers ' remark leads one to believe that he was probably just posturing . )
Assuming it is a realistic possibility , would the closure hurt Yahoo's bottom line ?
RBC Capital Markets analyst Jordan Rohan laughed at the notion .
" I 've never met anybody , ever , that 's a subscriber to Yahoo's radio service , " Rohan says .
" With the abundance of free or relatively free music available , shuttering the service wo n't cause that much of a disruption in the market . "
Makes sense .
We wonder , though , if Yahoo and AOL ever recouped the millions of dollars they poured into the business .
AOL spent $ 400 million ( in stock ) on Spinner.com and Nullsoft back in 1999 .
Yahoo spent $ 12 million on Launch.com back in 2001 , and another $ 160 million in cash on Musicmatch in 2004 – that 's hardly chump change .
Photo : Flickr / Orla_Keating
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , acknowledging that California faces tough economic times , proposed an austere budget Thursday for the next fiscal year that would take billions of dollars from public schools , shut down four dozen state parks and release tens of thousands of prisoners to close a projected $ 14.5 billion deficit .
Virtually every state department was required to slash 10 percent from this year 's spending , a move that would cut services for many Californians , especially the poor , the elderly and the disabled .
" I understand how difficult ( the cuts ) will be for many people , " Schwarzenegger said as he unveiled the budget at a Sacramento news conference .
" But we need to be fiscally responsible and spend only the money we have . "
The governor also declared a fiscal emergency and called a special session of the Legislature to trim spending during the current year , which at today 's levels is expected to put the state as much as $ 3.3 billion in the hole by the end of the fiscal year in June .
Some of the people who would be directly affected by the cuts called the governor 's plan shortsighted .
" The Legislature would be well - served to automatically dismiss these cuts , " said Herb Meyer , 76 , a disabled resident of Larkspur who relies on state - funded home health care that is targeted for cuts .
Democratic leaders of the Legislature vowed to vigorously oppose Schwarzenegger 's proposal .
" This budget would cause tremendous permanent damage , " said Assembly Speaker Fabian Núñez , D - Los Angeles .
Schwarzenegger 's planned trims include the elimination of $ 4.8 billion from public schools over the next 1 1/2 years and a reduction of prison imates by 35,000 , including the early release of 22,000 inmates over the next two years .
The budget would also cut prison staff by 6,000 , including the layoffs of 2,000 prison guards .
The governor also wants to close many of California 's parks .
Under his budget , 48 of the state 's 280 parks would be affected : 43 parks would be temporarily shut down - among them nine in the Bay Area , including Portola Redwoods in San Mateo County , Tomales Bay in Marin and Candlestick Point in San Francisco ; two parks would be partially closed ; and the openings of three new parks would be delayed .
Not all of the deficit would be erased by cuts .
Schwarzenegger proposes that the state borrow $ 3.3 billion from previously approved bond money .
As Schwarzenegger pushes for an overhaul of the state 's health care system to cover nearly all of California 's uninsured residents , he also is ready to cut as much as $ 1 billion from Medi-Cal , the state 's medical service program for the poor , elderly and disabled .
To achieve the savings , administration officials said they want to eliminate some Medi-Cal benefits - such as dental care for low - income adults - instead of reducing the number of people who get basic medical services .
The Republican governor 's proposed budget does not include new taxes except for a few small increases in fees , including one on homeowner 's insurance to help pay for rural firefighting .
" I have made it very clear we cannot tax our way out of this problem , " Schwarzenegger said .
" There 's no reason to tax anyone because our system does n't work . "
But Democratic leaders argued that voters might not support a plan to balance the budget with cuts only .
When Republican Gov. Pete Wilson faced a similar budget deficit 17 years ago , he and lawmakers agreed to raise taxes , the last major hike approved by the Legislature .
" A blind pledge to never raise any taxes at any time I believe is a straitjacket that ill fits California and the needs of the people we represent , " said Núñez .
But Republicans gave the governor 's plan high marks .
" We must regain control of spending and live within our means , " said Senate Minority Leader Dick Ackerman , R - Irvine .
The governor 's plan would spend a total of $ 141 billion in the next fiscal year - less than the $ 145 billion the state had been scheduled to spend this fiscal year before cuts that lawmakers will debate in the coming weeks .
The governor 's emergency declaration started the count on a 45 - day period in which the Legislature must act on the pending $ 3.3 billion shortfall .
Schwarzenegger has asked for several cuts immediately , including $ 400 million from schools and community colleges , $ 33 million from Medi-Cal , $ 74 million from welfare programs and $ 25 million from a project at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center .
The 10 percent across - the - board cuts next year also would apply to the governor 's own budget as well as legislative and constitutional offices .
K - 12 education , which normally receives about 40 percent of general fund tax money under Proposition 98 guarantees approved by the voters , would take the biggest hit under the budget plan .
To cut as much money as the governor is proposing , lawmakers would have to suspend the measure - which happened only once before , during the 2004 - 05 fiscal crisis .
Such a move is likely to face stiff opposition from the state 's powerful education lobby .
California educators , who expected that 2008 would be the " Year of Education " that Schwarzenegger promised last spring , are seething over his proposal to make what some called the deepest cuts to schools in California history .
The governor wants to take more than $ 1 billion from before - and after - school programs for low - scoring students , career and technical classes and the small - class - size program .
He also wants to spend $ 358 million less on special education .
He also is proposing changes to the welfare system that would allow the state to drop families - including children - from state aid if parents do not find employment within certain time frames .
Schwarzenegger proposed that change last year , but Democrats , who form a legislative majority , rejected it .
State higher education officials were stunned by the budget proposal , which would virtually guarantee student fee increases while forcing officials to consider cuts to existing services or limiting enrollment .
" This is going to be a very bad year for California students and their families , " said Pat Callan , president of the National Center for Public Policy in Higher Education .
" This is more likely to hit the families who have the toughest time paying for college anyway . "
But the governor said tough choices have to be made .
" We need to control this budget because right now the budget is controlling us , " Schwarzenegger said , adding : " We have to be disciplined this year and look at it as an opportunity to solve this problem . "
To weigh in on the governor 's plan
To comment on the governor 's proposed budget , contact : -- Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger : Sacramento office ( 916 ) 445-2841 ; San Francisco office ( 415 ) 703-2218 ; e-mail from the governor 's Web site at gov.ca.gov . -- Assembly Speaker Fabian Núñez , D - Los Angeles : Sacramento office ( 916 ) 319-2046 ; e-mail speaker.nunez@assembly.ca.gov . -- Senate President Pro Tem Don Perata , D - Oakland : Sacramento office ( 916 ) 651-4009 ; district office ( 510 ) 286-1333 ; e-mail senator.perata@sen.ca.gov . -- Senate Republican leader Dick Ackerman of Irvine ( Orange County ) : Sacramento office ( 916 ) 651-4033 ; e-mail senator.ackerman@sen.ca.gov . -- Assembly Republican Leader Mike Villines of Clovis ( Fresno County ) : Sacramento office ( 916 ) 319-2029 ; e-mail assemblymember.villines@assembly.ca.gov .
Из самых серьезных проблем человечества можно выделить несколько : перенаселение , возможный недостаток продовольствия в подобной ситуации и нехватка энергии для того , что бы обеспечить ею ...
As the Clovid 19 virus lockdown continues into it's third week in the Burbank / Hollywood area here 's the status of things .
Live action production is at a standstill .
The traditional comic book industry is in extended hiatus including distribution and retail .
The only aspect of the entertainment industry that 's still running is ... Animation .
The studios have online setups and artists are working remotely from home .
Word on the street is that animation is helping bigtime in content creation when the market needs it most .
April 1 is a historically important day in the history of AnimationNation .
It was on this day in 1999 that we organized an industry wide walkout from the mainstream studios and met at a local ballroom at lunch time .
It was a gathering union and independent artists .
A revolution was at hand and we were leading the way .
Here we are 21 years later and everything we anticipated would happen in the future has manifested in our age .
Our industry is so strong we can keep going even when the studios are in shutdown mode .
Congratulations to everyone who makes our fantastic business so great !
Stay safe and be healthy and Keep Creating !!
The girl said she missed her mother , the court was told
The woman , who cannot be identified , was visiting her boyfriend in 2007 .
She told Welshpool magistrates she had arranged for a neighbour and her ex-husband to look after her daughter .
The woman denies wilfully causing her daughter to be neglected and abandoned .
The case was adjourned until 8 February .
The court heard the woman had stocked her fridge and freezer with pizza , oven chips and microwave meals before she went abroad between April and June .
Of her £ 100 allowance , £ 60 was spent almost immediately on school dinners for the period her mother was away .
She spent most of the remaining £ 40 on clothes and CDs , magistrates were told .
I should never have done it - she should have gone to her father 's ( home )
The girl 's mother
Social services were alerted to the girl 's situation after only two days and arranged for her father , also the woman 's ex-husband , to look after her for the remainder of her mother 's holiday .
He said he was unaware his daughter had been left home alone .
Shaun Spencer , prosecuting , said the mother was interviewed by police three days after her return and she " apportioned blame for the situation on everybody else apart from herself " .
" She accepted no responsibility .
She stated that she left the country for six weeks , stating that it was cheaper to do that than go for four weeks .
" She confirmed that she did n't want her daughter to stay with her father because she was concerned about his drinking .
" It is noteworthy that later during the interview she went back on this and said she had , in her mind , made arrangements for the father to look after her daughter for three of the six weeks .
" She went on to state that for the other three weeks her neighbour was to look after her daughter . "
" Maintenance "
The teenager 's father and neighbour both denied knowledge of such arrangements during their evidence in court .
Referring to the teenager 's interview with specially trained police officers , Mr Spencer said the girl felt she should not have been left alone by her mother .
" She also confessed that she missed her mother , " he told the court .
Giving evidence her mother said the girl could cook and had moved back in with her after she returned to Britain .
When asked why she left only £ 100 for her daughter , she said : " I said to her ' If you want any more money , you go and see your father because he does n't pay any maintenance ' . "
Mr Spencer asked her : " Do you accept you opened up your daughter to potential dangers ? "
She replied : " Yes , I think I did when I look back on it .
" I should never have done it - she should have gone to her father 's ( home ) . "
She added : " I 'm not very good with rules and regulations . "
Major Advantages & Benefits of Diaton Tonometer :
1. Safe Tonometry = No Risk of Infecting .
No Contact with Mucous Membrane or Cornea ( safer vs other contact or noncontact tonometers ) Infection Prevention Tonometry Solution
2. Measure IOP THROUGH Eyelid and Sclera ( No contact with eyeball or the cornea , IOP independent of CCT )
3. Quick , Puff - free & Painless ( Perfect for children and squeamish adults )
4 . No need for Sterilization or Disinfection ( contact only with eyelid .
Meets and Exceeds JCAHO Joint Commission Sterilization and Disinfection Standards )
5. Enables to Measure Accurate IOP even with Contact Lenses or with Scleral Lenses ON ( Only with Diaton )
6. Can Accurately measure IOP in sitting or supine position .
( no special set up or ophthalmic chair needed )
7. Social Distancing & Tonometry Compliance – Diaton user can stand on the Side of the patient vs in Front ( at arm ’s length , away from the line of breath or cough )
Convenience and Cost Efficiency :
1. No Rubber Covers , Plastic Tips or Proparacaine ( Latex - free , Green , Cost Efficient )
2. No Calibration Diaton is pre-calibrated by design .
Ready - to -use .
( saves time and efforts )
3 . Easy to use .
Can be used by any trained personnel ( easy to follow step - by - step video instructions in 5 languages )
4. Complimentary 2 - way video training Saves time on staff training , includes helpful tips and best practices .
++Handheld , non-contact , portable , digital , pen - like tonometer ++
Indicted GOP lawmaker wanted to be ' ambassador to Islam ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday January 17 , 2008
del.icio.us |
Print This Email This Fox News is doing its best to arouse sympathy for a former Republican Congressman who has been charged in connection with his lobbying work for an Islamic charity accused of funding an Afghan terrorist leader .
The coverage of Rep. Mark Siljander 's indictment on Fox & Friends never mentioned his party affiliation , but featured his former aide , a conservative commentator who regularly appears on Fox , expressing her shock and disbelief and suggesting explanations for his actions .
Debbie Schlussel is now best known for her attacks on Islam and Islamic culture , but twenty years ago , when she was an " Outstanding Teen Age Republican , " she served as an aide to Siljander .
" It 's heartbreaking , " Schlussel stated , " because when I worked for Mark Siljander , he was probably the most anti-Islamist Congressman on the Hill .
He was the one who most understood the jihadist threat , decades before 9/11 .
...
His chief of staff had served in the IDF , the Israeli Defense Forces .
... I am shocked beyond belief . "
When asked about Siljander 's possible motivations , Schlussel replied , " He was an evangelical born - again Christian , and I think he saw himself as an ambassador of Christianity to other religions and to the Middle East .
... I think that maybe he had bigger ideas , that he could be this ambassador to Islam .
But I think he kind of let himself go off the deep end by working for this charity .
... I think he must have needed the money . "
What makes Schlussel 's situation particularly ironic is her own background of acute controversy .
She has been accused of " racist hate speech " by the American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee and often claims to have received death threats for her views .
A year ago , Schlussel provoked a storm of outrage with a column titled " Barack Hussein Obama : Once a Muslim , Always A Muslim , " which exaggerated the Muslim elements in Obama 's family background and called his loyalties to the United States into question .
This video is from Fox 's Fox & Friend 's , broadcast January 17 , 2008 .
By Ben Cohen
It is doing a disservice to journalism to promote anything Ann Coulter is a part of , but watching her being skewered publicly is too hard to resist .
In this ' debate ' Al Franken , host of the ' Air America ' , calls Coulter out for lying in her book ' Treason ' .
Usually unflappable in the face of liberal attacks , Coulter looks distinctly uncomfortable when Franken pulls her book out and recites an outright fabrication .
A must watch :
Bollywood movies are very popular in Pakistan despite the ban
Officially Indian films are banned in Pakistan , a prohibition dating back to the 1965 war between the two countries .
Authorities have made exceptions - three films were allowed in 2006 .
Cinema owners in Pakistan are keen to screen Bollywood films , but local filmmakers fear an influx would harm the Pakistani film industry .
Now a parliamentary committee on culture has recommended to the government that the ban on Indian films should be removed .
" We have devised a mechanism for allowing the import of Indian films for a period of one year , after which the arrangements can be reviewed , " senator Zafar Iqbal Chaudhry , who headed the committee told the Press Trust of India news agency .
Unclear
He said the government would have to clear the proposal to allow the import and release of Indian films .
Though details are unclear , reports suggest that the import of a dozen Indian films will be allowed against the export of an equal number of Pakistani films to India .
It is not clear also whether the Indian government would agree to such a proposal .
In 2006 , Pakistan 's cultural ministry agreed to screen three Bollywood films in the country .
The films were Moghal - e - Azam , the 1960 classic starring Dilip Kumar and Madhubala ; Taj Mahal , a 2005 film , starring Pakistani actress Sonia Jehan ; and the 1984 film Sohni Mahiwal .
Even during the ban - and despite the bitter rivalry between the neighbouring countries - Indian films are hugely popular in Pakistan and illicit copies are easy to find .
India 's Hindi- language film industry , which includes Bombay 's Bollywood movies , is the world 's largest by viewership .
