Experienced Colorado Lawyers Fighting Hard for Your Compensation
Kiel & Trueax , LLC , is a dynamic law firm focused exclusively on the practice of personal injury law .
Joseph Kiel is a former Federal Prosecutor who has handled dozens of personal injury jury trials .
John W. Trueax has more than 25 years of experience providing aggressive injury representation .
We understand the importance and value of open attorney - client communication , and we will always respond to questions as quickly as possible .
We believe our clients deserve the best representation we can give , and we do everything we possibly can to maximize compensation for every client at our firm .
If you or a loved one was injured , schedule a free consultation with Mr. Kiel , Mr. Trueax by calling our Denver , Colorado , law offices at 720-256-2438 or by contacting us online .
We also accept referrals from other lawyers for complex matters .
Ready to Take Any Case to Trial
Many insurance companies flat out refuse to give fair settlements unless they know that the injured party can sue them ( and win ) .
If your attorney is n’t willing to “ go to the mat ” and fight for you , the insurance company will seek to minimize your claim using the “ three D’s ” strategy : Deny , Delay , Defend .
The lawyers at Kiel & Trueax , LLC , are among the most experienced personal injury trial attorneys in Denver .
We handle large , small , simple and complex cases spanning the full spectrum of injury topics , and we prepare each personal injury and wrongful death case as though we are certain it will go to trial .
We believe this approach gives us the best possible chance of securing truly just settlements for our clients .
We Understand Medical Science
If the defense brings an expert witness but the plaintiff ’s attorney does n’t understand the subject matter , that expert could provide a skewed or biased view of the facts – and the jury would be none the wiser .
Our attorneys spend long hours of study learning the fundamentals and the specifics of our clients ’ injuries .
When experts for the defense try to manipulate the truth , we can call them out on it .
We have maintained a particularly strong focus on traumatic brain injuries and other serious injuries , such as spinal cord injuries and paralysis , back and neck injuries , birth injuries and more .
Call Today for a Free Consultation
Whether your injury was caused by a car accident only an experienced personal injury lawyer can help you recover just compensation .
Call our Greenwood Village , Colorado , law offices at 720-256-2438 or contact us online to schedule an initial consultation .
The Shotgun Blog
« Freedom farmer named Person of the Year | Main | Canada deplores and condemns over the holidays »
Sunday , December 27 , 2009
UPDATE : 2004 Libertarian Party Presidential nominee Michael Badnarik hospitalized after heart attack
A commenter on the prisonplanet.com website has this update on Badnarik , although I can’t confirm the accuracy of the information at this time :
Michael Badnarik had a stent placed inside a blocked artery after he had a heart attack and then was put into a medically induced coma .
This is the latest : Michael Badnarik is awake and spunky .
He asked Lynne what happened to him and how long has he been out ?
Lynne said it was Christmas and he asked what year .
He is very weak of course but he is improving very rapidly !
You can read my original post here .
Posted by Matthew Johnston
To learn more about Michael Badnarik , read his book Good To Be King : The Foundation of Our Constitutional Freedom , or books by Ayn Rand and L. Neil Smith , authors who have influenced this libertarian activist .
You can purchase these books below through our Amazon affiliate program .
Posted by westernstandard on December 27 , 2009 | Permalink
Comments
The bastard worked on the stealth bomber , the Zion nuclear reactor , and other reactors .
That heart attack was an intended attack from who , ever controls god to finally shut up this lunatic , regardless of who he gives a boner .
A world without Michael Badnarik will be instantly and infinitely be a better place than it was .
The religious left is just as awful as the religious right , wacko is is wacko .
Posted by : Michael Badnarik is a messanger of DEATH | 2009-12-27 7:34:12 AM
Some people need to do some research before they comment .
Not only do they sound like a complete idiot , the ' facts ' are plain wrong .
Badnarik should be in the White House .
Good news for a TRUE Patriot .
Posted by : bob | 2009-12-27 7:45:49 AM
I thank the LORD for his mercy in keeping Michael Badnarik alive !
Posted by : BG | 2009-12-27 8:01:51 AM
" Some people need to do some research before they comment .
Not only do they sound like a complete idiot , the ' facts ' are plain wrong . "
Badnarik should be in the White House .
Good news for a TRUE Patriot .
Posted by : bob | 2009-12-27 7:45:49 AM
What was he or she incorrect about MRS .
fallacy argument ?
Did he not work on all of those projects mentioned ?
Is he not pat of the " Genisis network " a left wing religious organization posing as the political answer ?
Bob you give patriotism a bad name by failing to understand what is means to be a patriot , you are a stooge of everybody with an agenda , wake up you idiot before you challenge what has been researched , and is common public knowledge .
Posted by : Bob is KNOB | 2009-12-27 8:12:21 AM
I thank the LORD for his mercy in keeping Michael Badnarik alive !
Posted by : BG | 2009-12-27 8:01:51 AM
Evidence to support my argument about who supports the devout Michael BADnarik , religious retards .
If you thank the lord for anything that by definiton makes you a flake .
Thank away thanky
Posted by : Bob is and his religious pals are KNOBS | 2009-12-27 8:16:18 AM
I guess for most of you it boils down to this , " the enemy of my enemy is my friend "
This is what I find the libertarians are willing to do in order to create a power base , prostitute themselves , by allowing those who muddy the waters in a most disturbing way to be facilitators in the change we desire .
I am against anbody with any religious affiliations leading me or the nation in anyway .
Spirituality was hi-jacked several thousand years ago once it was realized how it could be used as a tool of control .
If you had a soul you would know this , and fight your oprressors with an agenda to create a new begining about being good based in only the truth with fair treatment for all .
Lord help those who believe in the Lord .
Posted by : Not a Libertarian pitch man | 2009-12-27 8:38:14 AM
" Good news for a TRUE Patriot . "
Posted by : bob | 2009-12-27 7:45:49 AM
( Patriot : One who loves , supports , and defends one 's country . )
How does supporting a political whore with an agenda , qualify you as a patriot ?
The man is a monster he opposes welfare in all forms .
he cannot seem to understand that there is a percentage of any population which is mentally unstable or handicapped in some way .
I guess a 13 year old pregnant mother should have her baby either aborted or find a way to mis-carry in a world without welfare or a safety net of some sort ?
Before any man here says she should have been on birth control , shame on you for believing in double standards .
I am for far less government intervention into our lives but one has to be realistic regarding the realities of the human condition , and being callous about the reality will only create an even uglier civilization , with more exploitation of the human being .
Posted by : Tom and the Pat 's suck | 2009-12-27 9:28:09 AM
Neither Paul or BADnarik will be any different than anyone before them .
Power corrupts absolutely , just look at what a disappointment Obama is turning out to be on the war , the banks , and all the other problems he has neglected since elected .
These two men who are guided by God are not the answer for us , even if they have the freshest and most appealing views expressed to date .
It is time for a true atheist leader , someone who can see CLEARLY , and who does not feel obligated to pander to anything or anyone of any religious origins .
A person who considers first what is best for a nation and never what is best for his or her special interest group .
A person who is guided by what is right and is never concerned with alienating a specific religious voting block or group to insure a political future .
Paul and Badnarik could never achevie this because of religious bias .
This insures they will pander to everyone they feel they have to , just like any and all political whores before them .
What is a person untainted to do ?
Posted by : Suckers | 2009-12-27 10:01:46 AM
Obama was always suspect .
Paul 's record speaks for itself .
Badnarik 's constitution class should be enough for anyone to see that he is genuine .
When you summarily dismiss someone because they are religious , you are showing everyone that you have a closed mind .
Closed minds are dead end streets .
Do n't pretend that you are enlightened , you 're not .
Just ignorant and likely to stay ignorant .
Posted by : Jim | 2009-12-27 10:23:30 AM
He did not work on the stealth bomber .
It was a SIMULATOR .
Posted by : Jon | 2009-12-27 10:47:14 AM
Watch Zeitgeist the movie , free here , http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-594683847743189197#
Religion should be cast out of humanity , and religious leaders removed from power immediately .
I do n't know much about this man , but he is a man who seeks power over others , and thus should be viewed with intense suspicion .
I do n't believe there is a single altruistic politician on this planet , and when and if there is , he / she is removed by any means necessary .
Its all about power and money , even this man most likely .
And so I shed no tears for those that seek power over others .
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2009-12-27 1:41:36 PM
Wow !!
This guy is pathetic !!
Obviously an uneducated troll .
Get well soon Mike .
Posted by : Kevin Anderson | 2009-12-27 7:43:47 PM
Michael Badnarik is a great man .
I 'm super happy he is recovering from the heart attack and getting better .
He would defend to the death your first amendment right to express yourselves .
Although I think you naysayers are pretty stupid .
Uninformed , ignorant idiots are excused for their incomprehensible irrational outbursts .
Posted by : Jim | 2009-12-27 8:29:49 PM
Well some of the posts here certainly affirm the condition of our society being dumbed down .
If you feel you must degrade someone based on the religious belief or what they say ; then you do not know what it means to be American .
Badnarik is entitled to his belief .
At the very least he is passionate about his belief , and willing to put action behind what he states as his belief .
Any person who wishes him ill will at a time of medical crisis is not a person of compassion and while you may consider yourself " intellectual " you lack the basic human conciousness for your intellect to serve you .
Using hegelian dialectics to create fear and hatred is not the mark of an intellectual .
Posted by : Maria | 2009-12-27 8:56:44 PM
Ya , it was a bit of a rant .
I meant no disrespect to the man .
My rant was aimed more at the system .
I like Ron Paul , what I know of him , which is n't much .
Perhaps he may actually be an altruistic politician , as he appears to be ostracized by the rest of the government .
He is attacking bankers , if his message gains any traction , I see an " accident " in his future .
I do n't know anything about Mr. Badnarik , sorry if I offended those that knew him .
Perhaps this was n't the best post to rant on .
Sorry guys .
Watching Zeitgeist got me all worked up .
Some of you guys are money guys right ?
Economics majors and such ?
Have you seen Zeitgeist Addendum ?
Is that really how money is produced ?
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2009-12-27 8:57:25 PM
Steve , I was n't talking about you but that other guy .
Thanks for the apology and no offence taken by your comment .
That other guy on here is out of touch and has taken a strange medium for her views ... kinda pathetic .
BTW check out The money makers on google video .
Zeitgeist is what it is but there is a bunch of other videos worth watching which are more in depth .
Of course I prefer reading .
Posted by : Kevin Anderson | 2009-12-27 11:29:40 PM
Rights come from God , privileges are granted by governments .
Guns keep governments from taking your rights .
May God grant you Speedy recovery .
Posted by : Hugh McDanel | 2009-12-28 8:06:14 AM
To " Tom and the Pat 's suck " - Lady you have it all wrong .
Michael is a man who believes that theft is theft no matter what YOUR good reason is .
With your example of the pregnant 13 year old - where is her mother ?
Where is her father ?
Where are the other members of her family ?
Why is it up the Michael and other taxpayers ( those robbed by government for your special interest issues ) to pay to support her bad decisions ?
Has she thought of maybe asking for help from anyone else before sticking it to the taxpayers for her support and then that of her child - and of any further children she decides to have in the future because she knows someone else will be forced to pay for them ?///
Asking for help is one thing , but stealing it by the force of government is theft and always will be .
Michael understands this BUT YOU FAIL TO .
Get off Michael and deal with your own freedom ( or lack of them ) issues .
Posted by : Steve in Austin - I know Michael , you do n't !
| 2009-12-28 12:11:36 PM
STEVE IN AUSTIN .
You 've hit the nail on the head , well said and so true .
Took Mike 's Constitution Course and it's about the best there is available and very comprehensive .
Individual responsibility has gone by the wayside and government panders to the entitlement mentality .
Schools reinforce that ideology and colleges ingrain into its so called leaders of society .
Deliberate dumbing down and lascivious self gratification lead the way for a Brave New World for the mentally deficient believing atheism is the answer .
The fool hath said in his heart , there is no God .
Thanks again Steve in Austin .
Posted by : Dean in Arkansas | 2009-12-28 3:02:41 PM
@ Dean , Steve Austin , and Hugh mcmispelled name .
It is your son that got her pregnant .
I guess by your defintion it is your reponsibility for not teaching him about cause and effect , or action and reaction which has now made you liable .
I explained clearly in my post not to subject this poor preganant girl to your biased way of thinking and what did you do place the impregnation squarely and only on her shoulders like she was able to immaculately conceive , as is your delusional belief .
Had it been the case that before the question was posed to you , sex was something you had knowledge about , then perhaps your rediculous short sighted answers would have been less subjective and more responsible and reasonble with consideration of all aspects of the argument .
" With your example of the pregnant 13 year old - where is her mother ?
Where is her father ?
Where are the other members of her family "
This is the kind of subjective thinking guarantees that the libertarian phylosophy will never take hold other than in a post apocalyptic world possibly .
To claim you have faith in god and then to be so subjectively cold and callous , just highlights what horrible and hypocritical each and every person that calls themself a christian or a libertarian is .
All you American libertarians take full advantage of everything that is subsidized in your country , meat , fuel , etc. , and then pretend to have a clue about right and wrong .
Your philosophy about how we all should live , is truly mentally corrupted because it is far to self serving to be realistic .
So Steve quit stelaing from me , I do n't want to subsidize your lifestyle of overeating , but you wo n't stop , so what do I do , you wo n't help the girl but you expect me to help you .
Dean your church does n't pay taxes but and is sitting on valuble real estate that you did not pay for , so I am going to need you to move somewhere else , so as to and the land back to who rightly owns it , the people .
Dean could your church be a dear , and help our ailing community in hard times and start paying their fare share of property and income taxes nation wide ?
thanks in advance .
Could you also not take advantage anymore of anything subsidized so you do n't appear as a giant hypocrite any longer ?
Dean you live in Arkansas , if there was a god and he loved you personally , would he have planted you in true hillbilly squalor ?
How can anybody who is flakey enough to believe in god call someone else mentally deficient ?
Delusion and BLIND faith is all you have , because you believe so strongly in that which is implausuible makes you the one who is most likely to be mentally deficent .
If the truth does n't matter to you how can you ever know liberty ?
You are not free you are a slave to a very destructive and controlling religion which has you so indoctrinated your weakling brain does n't even realize this , who is a mentally deficient weakling me or you Deano ?
Posted by : Libertarian Bullshit | 2009-12-28 4:12:20 PM
By the way Badnarik is a gun nut .... for self defense he claims .. no big surprize there from a minister of death .
Posted by : Libertarian Bullshit | 2009-12-28 4:14:29 PM
Why is scapegoating what comes naturally to most people .
Why is taking responsibility always deflected .
A few months back in texas a woman was getting out of her car to shop at an office depot when a man stole her purse .
After a chase aided by civilian help she got her purse with the 300 dollars in it back in her possession .
In that area there are elections for sherrif and one of the platforms they often run on is to get tough on crime , build more jails , so as to subject more people to adverse conditions in order to create wealth for its investors , employment for its staff , and constantly ongoing big bills for the taxpayers .
Rather than subjecting us to all the system whether it be by being in it , serving in it , or paying for it , would n't it be more sensible to encourage woman to not carry purses and therefore remove millions of finacial opportunites for would be theives ?
A purse is not a right , it only became part of culture because of purposeful indoctrination by marketers .
A purse is not a civil liberty , but what it is a target in a poorer modern day world and it is unfair for woman to create a need for police out of style selfishness .
We are all encouraged to be smart about our security so how does carrying purse qualify ?
if you are going to carry one should n't your money or cc cards be in your pockets ?
Less purse snatchers mean less costs to the taxpayer .
Crystal Meth :
Why build more prisons or even hire one more police officer to deal with the meth scurge ?
The only way to make it is with over the counter big pharma created drugs like sudafed .
No one needs sudafed to sustain life and if there are a very few who do , make it almost impossible to get by controlling it .
Why is big pharma not persuaded to discontinue the manfacturing of this drug if government cared at all about the safety of the civilian population ?
Big pharma has created an epidemic and is absorbing none of the costs , why scapegoat the addict when you clearly know where the dealer is and how they operate ?
Meth is not the problem , availability via big pharma and an American economy that feels it has to experience economic growth at ANY COST , is why a constant state of irrational fear is constantly created and never dealt with .
Apparently the misinformation and hyperbole works on some like the six million dollar man steve from Austin , and the other religiuosly brainwashed ilk .
Posted by : Gibertarian Gullshit | 2009-12-28 5:04:54 PM
Like I said earlier " Uninformed , ignorant idiots are excused for their incomprehensible irrational outbursts . "
Posted by : Jim | 2009-12-28 7:04:52 PM
" Rights come from God , privileges are granted by governments .
Guns keep governments from taking your rights . "
Rights do not come from God , what right did god give me , if I believed in your sun god ?
And what privilege is the government providing me ?
For its not a privilege if everyone can receive it .
And as for guns helping you fight off the government from taking your rights , it does n't appear to working for you so far .
And what do you think would happen if you did ?
Why you would be labeled terrorists , or rebels , and the army would come marching in to quell the uprising , because that is what they are PAID to do .
And we are n't talking about the smartest segment of our society , they will do as they are told .
And more " rights " will go out the window .
I can't believe the American public watched video footage of the events of 911 and did not ask some hard questions ?
Its equivalent to the Dziekanski video .
The evidence is right there that something was not right .
Maybe the government had nothing to do with it , and if so , you would think that they would have made the investigation transparent to the public .
But no , they did not .
Uncle Dickie held Georges hand and they went before the 911 commission together , on their terms .
No recording of the events of any kind was permitted .
Does n't that alone reek to high heaven ?
Anyway , my point being is that it is most likely to late anyway .
Your rights are disappearing right before your eyes now .
By and large , people are either too stupid , uneducated , ignorant , complacent or apathetic to see whats happening or do anything about it .
So good luck with your gun .
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2009-12-29 2:58:03 AM
Like I said earlier " Uninformed , ignorant idiots are excused for their incomprehensible irrational outbursts . "
Posted by : Jim | 2009-12-28 7:04:52 PM
You rand ooges cannot have it both ways , there is no room for god in objectivism , not unless you want to try and reinvent the word , like I suspect is happening with the new interest in her philosophies .
The new beliver in her cares more about where here beliefs can take them , and because of this I think her original intended message is sometimes lost .
OK biblical Jimskin , let us know what you are informed about , and make clear what it is that you think you know , that we do not .
If what I wrote is Incomprehensible , would that not translate into more about you being very limited in your abilities to perceive , comprehend , or understand from reading ?
Let me guess Jimskin , you are the kind of guy who often says " I do n't want to talk about it "
This is what mental weaklings with opinions formed by other do , due to lack of depth , or independant thought on a subject .
Rather than pretending you know something , write something worthy of your blind faith in nothing .
Try and prove to us and your self that your rediculous faith has merit and origins based in something realistic , or plausible .
Please explain very clearly why anybody would be better off as part of your oppressive religion , then say being an atheist , or even a devil worshipper ?
You ca n't Jimskin because a reasonable argument based in fact or reality
Posted by : Objectivism VS .
Religion | 2009-12-29 8:13:35 AM
The name " Objectivism " derives from the principle that human knowledge and values are objective : they are not created by the thoughts one has , but are determined by the nature of reality , to be discovered by man 's mind
Ayn Rand 's beliefs
Posted by : Objectivism VS .
Religion | 2009-12-29 8:25:35 AM
Would the web site operator please check on the " moderated " option for this site , and enforce the policy to protect us from the fringe elements .
It is your choice .
Posted by : D. Pettit | 2009-12-29 12:15:31 PM
And here we have a controller .
D. Pettit , your post is showing the world how you feel about rights .
No one has the right to express opinions or thoughts that do n't agree with yours , right ?
That 's what you are saying with that stupid post .
If they wanted tunnel vision posters here , they would make you register and / or pay to post here .
Which of course would be the death of the Western Standard .
The reason I come here is that there is a lot of ideas bounced around with , for the most part , common sense conversation about the topic .
If I wanted to be oppressed , more than I am now , I would move to China .
Maybe you should consider the move .......
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2009-12-29 1:04:53 PM
Thanks again Steve , no matter how I sound to you D Petit , you must remember that in theory others feel the same about your contributions in every facit of your life .
D , why do you wish for a world where everybody thinks as you , and why do you find it hard to function in a forum of ideas that differ and challenge yours ?
There are many moderated forums which people try and pretend that they are debating or expressing freely but once you write something beyond the comprehension of the moderator , the IP lock comes out , what good is that ?
The thing I respect most about this forum is its adherence without question to free speech protection .
would this desire of yours to see me banned D not lend credibility to my argument that religion which you are defending , is a tool of control and this is one of the lessons that it taught you ?
Would not infringing on my rights also destroy for ever what you were afforded through others struggle ?
D is it not time for you to forget about words like policy , enforce , protect , the words that are used to frighten you into doing what governments or agenda driven organizations want , and start thinking like a man who owns his soul ?
Calling me fringe is just proves you learned scapegoating well from your religion , because everybody has to be demonized in order to scare you into line by their doctrine .
This is why America can rarley make a film worth watching , everybody that does n't think like you D is a gang member , terrorist criminal , it is often subjective racism , with messages and meanings wrapped in the flag , total American bullshit .
Gran torino was the last film that made me retch due to how he went about telling the story of good and evil , from the white is right perspective .
I predicted the end .
In defense of the shooters all would have been aquitted with proper representation .
Who shot first ?
who is responsible for killing him , certainly not everybody .
It is not a punishable by jail offense to shoot or vivasect a corpse , so how could all who fired be guilty .
Was the message for the average citizen to stand up and testify against the gang ?
The citizen who testifies winds up dead so what kind of bullshit message was clint the zillionaire trying to relay to the average movie goer ?
Anyways D get some balls and call me out instead of being a suck - hole and trying to get me locked out .
Posted by : Not fooled too easily | 2009- 12-29 4:26:44 PM
Visit our factory showroom : www.handbagsitalia.com
To see latest styles & unbeatable price .
Wenna
Sales Dept
Skype : HandbagsItalia1 MSN : [ email protected ]
Posted by : wenna | 2010-01-07 9:05:34 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
As a reminder of a great writer 's genius and obsessions , for its historical value , for its fragments of beautiful prose , and as a objet d'art , this book is a ten .
As an actual work of literature , it 's no more than a four .
Unfortunately , the “ fixation on just one crop , ” says Kristof , means that traditional varieties of foods are going extinct — crops that are already adapted to drought and heat , traits that become especially important as agriculture copes with climate change .
As Kristof Nordin explains in the video , Malawi has over six hundred indigenous plants that could provide food , clothing and fuel .
Why do they need a non native crop requiring chemical fertilizers instead ?
There are many reasons I suppose , but it does bring up a point about how local crops or plants best serve the local area and the environment in general .
It 's a shame that the local crops have a stigma attached to them also .
Stacia and Kristof use their home as a way to educate their neighbors about both permaculture and indigenous vegetables .
Most Malawians think of traditional foods , such as amaranth and African eggplant , as poor people foods grown by “ bad ” farmers .
But these crops may hold the key for solving hunger , malnutrition and poverty in Malawi .
Removing a stigma is a big challenge .
It is possible .
It takes leadership and patience to do so .
Evidently Stacia and Kristof understand this , and are committed to doing so .
I think this is a strong case for growing native species in general .
Mother Nature know what she 's doing .
The reasons plants are native to specific areas is because that 's where they belong .
I know that sounds simple and obvious , but it 's true .
Why do humans feel it's ok to extensively modify the environment to suit their whims ?
Grass in the dessert for subdivision lawns and golf courses ?
There are many plants that people could grow in their region which face extinction .
They just have to be sought out with a little research or the help of a master gardener .
In the state of NJ I know I can call the local agricultural cooperative and get the information I need about native plants .
You local nursery should be able to provide that same information .
There are seed exchanges , the Slow Foods Arc of Taste , USA and International , and there is the Google .
There 's lots of stories to be told about why the plants are native to an area , and some have lore and tales attached to them as well .
In the encouragement to look at life as a collection of stories , and for you to become the storyteller of your life , this is another example of doing that .
Do some digging both in research and the earth , and be proud to tell the story of the area you live in through native plants .
After all plants play a quiet , yet very strategic role in the story of life .
They provide the necessary elements of oxygen , nutrition , healing and shelter .
LIMA ( AFP ) – Peru ‘s mining , oil and energy association ( SNMPE ) said Saturday it has expelled US mining company Doe Run from its roster for not cleaning up its pollution problems , which environmentalists say are among the worst in the world .
“ It has not shown … any willingness to comply with its environmental commitments and its obligations to the country , its workers , the La Oroya population and its creditors , ” SNMPE said in a statement .
ADVERTISEMENT
Doe Run in 1997 took over La Oroya mining complex and the Cobriza copper mine in Peru ’s central Andean mountain region , where it mines for lead , copper , zinc , silver , gold and a series of byproducts including sulfuric acid .
The US company ’s La Oroya mining operation was listed in 2007 by the international environmental group Blacksmith Institute as the sixth worst polluted site in the world .
SNMPE said expelling Doe Run from the association would not affect its mining business , but noted that the company was presently in “ a serious financial crisis . ”
The association said Doe Run had notified Peruvian authorities it would be unable to comply with an environmental clean - up program it assumed when it began working in Peru .
The Energy and Mining Ministry said Doe Run had only complied with 52 percent of the 2006 PAMA environmental program in La Oroya and needed another 160 million dollar investment to complete it according to plan .
ADVERTISEMENT
SNMPE said Doe Run ’s “ lack of interest in completing PAMA violates the association ’s ethical principles and code of conduct , ” earning it its expulsion .
The US mining company had already been suspended from SNPE in late June .
inFact with Brian Dunning is the web video series that gives you the real facts behind popular myths , promoting high - quality information that helps people live better lives .
It is a production of Skeptoid Media , a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) educational nonprofit .
Walter Trochez
“ As a revolutionary I will be today , tomorrow and forever on the front lines of my people , all the while knowing that I may lose my life . "
– Walter Trochez , 25 , murdered in Tegucigalpa on 12/13/09
The bodies of slain activists are piling up in Honduras .
While it ’s being kept quiet in most Honduran and international media , the rage is building among a dedicated network of friends spreading the word quickly with the tragic announcement of each compañero /a .
Walter Trochez
“ As a revolutionary I will be today , tomorrow and forever on the front lines of my people , all the while knowing that I may lose my life . "
– Walter Trochez , 25 , murdered in Tegucigalpa on 12/13/09
The bodies of slain activists are piling up in Honduras .
While it ’s being kept quiet in most Honduran and international media , the rage is building among a dedicated network of friends spreading the word quickly with the tragic announcement of each compañero /a .
Now that the world heard from mainstream news outlets such as the New York Times of a “ clean and fair ” election on Nov. 29 ( orchestrated by the US - supported junta currently in power ) , the violence has increased even faster than feared .
The specific targets of these killings have been those perceived as the biggest threats to the coup establishment .
The bravest , and thus the most vulnerable : Members of the Popular Resistance against the coup .
Their friends and family .
People who provide the Resistance with food and shelter .
Teachers , students , and ordinary citizens who simply recognize the fallacy of an un-elected regime taking over their country .
All associated with the Resistance have faced constant and growing repercussions for their courage in protesting the coup .
With the international community given the green light by the US that democratic order has returned via elections , it ’s open season for violent forces in Honduras working to tear apart the political unity of the Resistance Front against the coup .
The killings are happening almost faster than they can be recorded .
On Sunday , Dec. 7 , a group of six people were gunned down while walking down the street in the Villanueva neighborhood of Tegucigalpa .
According to sources , a white van with no license plates stopped in front of the group .
Four masked men jumped out of the van and forced the group to get on the ground , where they were shot .
The five victims who were killed were :
· Marcos Vinicio Matute Acosta , 39
· Kennet Josué Ramírez Rosa , 23
· Gabriel Antonio Parrales Zelaya , 34
· Roger Andrés Reyes Aguilar , 22
· Isaac Enrique Soto Coello , 24
One woman , Wendy Molina , 32 , was shot several times and played dead when one of the assassins pulled her hair , checking to see if anyone in the group was still alive .
She was taken to the hospital and survived .
The Honduran independent newspaper El Libertador reports that the group members were all organizers against the coup .
According to a resident in the area , " The boys had organized committees so that the neighbors could get involved in the Resistance Front . "
This massacre was part of a string of Resistance - related murders during the past few weeks alone .
On December 3 , Walter Trochez , 25 a well - known activist in the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) community was snatched off the street and thrown into a van , again by four masked men , in downtown Tegucigalpa .
In the report that he later filed to local and national authorities , Walter said he was interrogated for hours for information on Resistance members and activities , and was beaten in the face with a pistol for refusing to speak .
He was told that he would be killed regardless , and he eventually escaped by throwing open the van door , falling into the street , and running away .
It was n’t the first time Walter had been subject to these kinds of threats .
He was a much - loved organizer against the coup who had been documenting human rights violations , particularly in the gay community .
Walter had just published two articles .
One following the elections was titled " The Triumph of Abstentionism " , on the success of the effort by the Resistance to encourage citizens to refuse to vote .
The other was called “ Escalation of Hate and Homophobic Crimes against the LGBTT Community Rooted in the Civil - Religious - Military Coup d’état in Honduras ” .
In both , he concludes : " As a revolutionary I will be today , tomorrow and forever on the front lines of my people , all the while knowing that I may lose my life " .
On Dec. 13 , one week later , Walter was shot in the chest by a drive - by gunman while walking home .
He died at the hospital .
On Dec. 5 , Santos Garcia Corrales , an active member of the National Resistance Front , was detained by security forces in New Colony Capital , south of Tegucigalpa .
He was then tortured for information on a local merchant who was providing food and supplies to the Resistance .
After reporting the incident to local authorities , Santos ’ body was found five days later on Dec 10 , decapitated .
There have been others as well , notably a rise in murders in the LGBT community since the coup .
In particular , several transvestites have been recently killed in similarly gruesome ways .
Human rights advocates report that “ up to 18 gay and transgender men have been killed nationwide — as many as the five prior years — in the nearly six months since a political crisis rocked the nation . ”
The latest victim , Carlos Turcios , was kidnapped outside his home in Choloma Cortes , at three in the afternoon of Wednesday Dec. 16 .
He was found dead the next day , with his hands and head cut off .
Carlos had been vice - president of the Choloma chapter of the Resistance Front , a town located a few hours outside of the capital .
Andres Pavón , president of CODEH ( Committee for the Defense of Human Rights in Honduras ) , commented : " We believe this horrendous crime joins others where the bodies show signs of brutal torture
This aggression is directed to the construction of collective fear . ”
It is a sinister effort to shake up a community that is now in fact stronger than ever .
As Walter Trochez noted ( and CNN confirmed ) , most of the country refused to go to the polls that day .
Many of the world ’s governments , including most of Latin America , refused to recognize the results .
In this climate of fierce repression , citizens can no longer depend on authorities for the most basic protective rights , and those fearful for their lives cannot report to the police .
Complaints they file , such as those of Santos and Walter , could soon become signatures to their own death letters .
Many believe with good reason that the killings are state - sponsored .
At the very least , they are the result of new conditions which allow for the widespread deterioration of state protection .
Pavón and other human rights leaders in Honduras have been extremely vocal in denouncing these atrocities , but the story has remained under the radar for most Hondurans and almost all international media .
At the time when Hondurans most need exposure to these abuses , they ’ve been left to fend for themselves .
How did this happen ?
Why are people being randomly executed in dark corners of the country for simply standing in opposition to a military coup ?
Most of the bloodshed is on the hands of coup president Roberto Micheletti and other leaders of the regime .
However , President Barack Obama and the US State Department played a major role in allowing conditions to get to this point .
The US government took no concrete action against the thousands of documented violations since the coup took place June 28 .
It ’s no shock that the violence has worsened dramatically with the eyes of the world now averted .
In a recent interview , Francisco Rios of the National Front Against the Coup reiterated Frente communiqués which stated that the Resistance , though now lying low , is preparing a massive organization effort for next year and beyond .
Rios reported that they have stopped meeting publicly as a safety measure for now , but will soon begin dividing into chapters around the country with plans to emerge as a new , strengthened political force .
Walter , Santos , Carlos , and all of the Resistance fighters who gave their lives have inspired others in the movement to continue the struggle for justice in Honduras .
The president will speak at an appearance on Thursday at the White House with Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner , an administration official said , speaking on the condition of anonymity because the talks were private .
It will come after a meeting with Mr. Volcker .
A similar discussion is percolating in Europe , led by Mervyn King , head of the Bank of England .
The president ’s announcement comes as his popularity in public opinion polls is falling because of stubborn unemployment and the stagnant economy , and just days after he suffered a stinging loss when the Republicans won the Senate seat from Massachusetts .
It will be the third time in just a week that he has waded into the battle heating up in Congress over tightening regulation of financial institutions to avoid the sort of abuses that contributed to the near collapse on Wall Street .
Last week he proposed a new tax on some 50 of the largest banks to raise enough money to recover the losses from the financial bailout , which ultimately could cost up to $ 117 billion , the Treasury estimates .
And this week , he served notice to senior lawmakers that he wants an independent agency to protect consumers as part of any financial overhaul legislation .
Image Paul Volcker Credit ... Jin Lee / Bloomberg
Only a handful of large banks would be the targets of the proposal , among them Citigroup , Bank of America , JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo .
Goldman Sachs , the Wall Street trading house , became a commercial bank during this latest crisis , and it would presumably have to give up that status .
A recent survey conducted by Harris Interactive for the Vagisil Women 's Health CenterSM reveals that a large number of today 's American women are taking active roles in their own feminine health and hygiene .
According to the national survey , nearly two thirds of women aged 18 and older ( 63 percent ) report that they go to a gynecologist , and of those who go to a gynecologist , 61 percent say they " always " go for their annual exams .
However , the survey also reveals the lingering presence of old " hang - ups " when it comes to feminine health , with almost one in four women ( 23 percent ) aged 18 and older who go to gynecologists admitting that they have not been completely honest about their feminine health habits with their gynecologists .
A level of embarrassment in discussing women 's anatomy also exists , as the survey revealed that less than half ( 43 percent ) of women indicating that they are completely comfortable discussing their genitals and using the word " vagina . "
Specific inhibitions include 15 percent of women who indicate that they can say the word around other women , but not when men are around , and 14 percent who indicate they would rather use another phrase to refer to it , such as " down there . "
" The fact that many women are going to see their doctors , and doing so along the recommended guidelines , is a strong step in the right direction , " says Adelaide Nardone , M.D. , FACOG , Clinical Instructor of Ob / Gyn at the Brown University School of Medicine and Medical Advisor to the Vagisil Women 's Health CenterSM .
" However , there are still many women who need to start taking charge of their gynecological health , put the embarrassment aside and foster frank , open relationships and discussions with their doctors . "
Younger women ( 29 percent of those aged 18 - 34 ) and single vs. married women ( 34 percent vs. 20 percent , respectively ) are more likely to admit to not being completely honest with their doctors .
The top five subjects women are dishonest about are the fact that they smoke or have smoked , exercise habits , diet , number of sexual partners they have / have had and the number of alcoholic drinks they have per week .
According to Dr. Nardone , dishonesty with a doctor can have serious consequences .
" One example is smoking " there are certain methods of birth control with which women should not be smoking , so if you do n't admit to this habit , you could be putting yourself at risk , " says Dr. Nardone .
" If you feel you have to withhold information about your lifestyle from your physician , you should ask yourself why .
Try to find a health care provider who is of the age , gender and / or viewpoint with which you can identify . "
Advertisement
Follow eMaxHealth on YouTube , Twitter and Facebook Please , click to subscribe to our Youtube Channel to be notified about upcoming health and food tips .
Word - of - mouth appears to be a good referral for OB / GYNs , as about one in three women ( 35 percent ) indicate they chose their doctor based on a great reputation or recommendation .
Common Health and Hygiene Issues : Itch and Odor
Forty - three percent of U.S. women aged 18 and older indicate having experienced vaginal itching .
This problem is more prevalent in women under the age of 45 ( 50 percent of sufferers are age 18 - 44 ) .
Over half of women who experience vaginal itching ( 57 percent ) indicate that they will self - treat external vaginal itch or an infection with over - the - counter medications first , before going to the doctor .
However , only 13 percent indicate that they can always tell when external vaginal itch is result of an infection .
Dr. Nardone recommends erring on the side of caution when it comes to problems such as itching .
" It 's important to be careful when treating a condition such as itching , particularly if you suspect that it might be the result of an infection , " said Dr. Nardone .
" It 's always wise to consult with a doctor if it 's the first time you 've experienced this , as the symptom may be a result of a different problem from the one you suspect .
Itching may be relieved with over - the - counter products such as Vagisil Maximum Strength Anti-Itch Creme or Wipes , but some itches are caused by infections .
Infections often require prescription medication .
If the medication to treat the infection is used internally , it may be used in conjunction with external anti-itch treatments . "
Almost one in four women ( 23 percent ) indicate that they are " very conscious " of their vaginal or external vaginal odor , with one in six ( 17 percent ) saying that they are self - conscious about it when being intimate with a partner .
Ten percent of women report using products to combat vaginal odor .
Almost half of U.S. women ( 47 percent ) indicate that they use feminine health products for various purposes .
Almost one in four ( 24 percent ) women use feminine health products to clean the feminine area or to absorb excess discharge .
Of those , the most common products used ( by 12 percent ) are feminine cleansing cloths .
One in six women ( 17 percent ) indicate that they use products to treat or ease feminine itching and one in six ( 17 percent ) use lubricants to reduce or ease the discomfort of vaginal dryness .
" V " Fashion
Fashion and grooming trends have extended below the waist .
One fourth ( 25 percent ) of all women aged 18 and older report that they " closely trim their pubic hair with scissors or clippers , " and 23 percent say they shave part of their pubic hair off .
Nine percent say they shave all of their pubic hair off .
Women in the 18 to 44 age group are more likely to remove hair in their pubic region than women over 45 , perhaps because this age group is more likely to think that men prefer a well - manicured pubic region on a woman ( 38 percent of women aged 18 - 44 think most men prefer a manicured look , compared to 14 percent of women aged 45 - 54 and 3 percent of those aged 55 and older ) .
The look can sometimes come with a price , however , as one in six women ( 17 % ) experience itching and / or irritation following pubic hair removal .
" Women should be aware that hair removal in the genital area can make it more susceptible to irritation , trauma and infection , " says Dr. Nardone .
“ There is a grumble and a rumble in the air from some of our regulars that we have lost the plot , we 've disappeared up our a***s and we 're predictable , ” he wrote on the show ’s official blog .
He then continued : " It 's fair to say that this incarnation of Top Gear is nearer the end than the beginning and our job is to land this plane with its dignity still intact . "
How to reduce the number of HTTP requests
As you might be aware of , I believe web site performance is truly a critical success factor , and I have written about it before in How to improve your web site performance – tips & tricks to get a good YSlow rating
What we have
With the advent of such great tools such as YSlow and Page Speed , looking at the practices of web sites like Google and Yahoo !
and reading the excellent performance work done by Steve Souders , we have really learnt a lot , and have great resources .
Reducing the number of HTTP requests
One of the crucial things when it comes to improving performance is reducing the number of HTTP requests .
According to Steve Souders : “ An extra HTTP request adds 200 + milliseconds to a page ( worldwide average ) ” .
The latency between HTTP requests , and also the limitation in web browsers in regards to how many parallel HTTP requests a web browser can make , vastly affects the loading time of a web page .
When it comes to CSS and JavaScript , the general consensus is to concatenate all files of the same type into one file , and then minify them .
To complement that , Kyle Simpson have done some interesting experimenting with his LABjs , and he writes more about his thoughts in LABjs : why not just concat ?
how controlled parallel loading could also prove to be efficient .
That leaves us with images .
Without a doubt , both the size and number of images used in a web page , although pretty to look at , definitely poses a threat to having a fast web site , and I thought we ’d look at the alternatives for dealing with that .
CSS Sprites
CSS Sprites are when you combine a number of images into the same image file .
You then use background - position in the CSS file to control what part of that image will be visible for a certain element .
This way , instead of having a number of HTTP requests , there will be just one for a larger image file .
For instance , you can see this in action at Yahoo.com at the left hand side , with the icons in the list .
Steve Souders has also created the excellent tool SpriteMe , in the form of a bookmarklet , that will analyze the current page to see which images you can combine , and also generate the images for the CSS Sprite .
Another great alternative is the web site CSS Sprite generator .
There are a couple of downsides with CSS Sprites , though .
One is that , depending on the design , it can become virtually impossible to combine some images , because their repeating pattern , reusage etc will prevent that .
While the above mentioned tools are great , at the end of day , you always seem to end up manually tweaking your CSS Sprites images file (s ) and CSS code .
Firefox engineer Vladimir Vuki?evi ? has also written the interesting piece To Sprite Or Not To Sprite where he sheds some light on memory usage in web browsers and how large images are n’t always optimal .
So , at times CSS Sprites can be great , but they are n’t always the best choice .
Introducing base64 - encoded Data URIs
Which leads us on to the highly interesting topic of base64 - encoded Data URIs .
For a more thorough explanation of what those are , I recommend reading Data URIs explained by Nicolas Zakas of Yahoo !.
Generally , though , it ’s about writing out binary files converted into data which describes the content .
What this means in practice is that in the HTML code or CSS file we can have the code for the contents , instead of just a reference to the file , which means that we completely eliminate that HTTP request .
Just imagine having a web site full of images referenced , but none of them will cost one single HTTP request ! 🙂
Let ’s look at a real example of showing Smurfette via CSS .
Regular CSS background image
.smurfette { background : url( smurfette.png ) ; }
Base64 Data URI as background image
.smurfette { background : url( data:image/png;base64,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
jIyJO5G7LhwRAo+RxQWVQWFRmjLDl/e6/OBiHBYghceF6H/Yk3lGAAvLbQlx/AKhS6x2BMWkfUYsrKO+GApQGJNa7yknroSDJtRUc4WDE9DLT/hFQvlL0TJDr8JILY5nru1cowCZ+9ZKHQCygTdF2dZpKF9kNiTPmepN+OWwhG/aiEKaVxMLWgzVAc8Lp/sUAJyylOQEiLLbcd/MAWo7e1a0I3QWZnrK7JWZwCFR24FotnZ5+yPDynYStK4a06dOxahartkjJMfPewT/AsljuICMHvXIjq26+uS6mchch8krx1qWwkTRpI8DT/phzmFpQgqspAoCS0M4CgZsEDxwxkdc29AY0Q4XpNe3E10xaH0FhqXEwpoDNcwsJdUzALRXkWKGhU0Jwbmlr1yngVHDuuaAmmEnqkppc2JbEJRWGR9raGTYhwUaiwsuBUqHa0vStoSsnukKT08yTzy5UU39JGw6vN3gwR6uFVFTxR0SjDxbo1vyQ97gF4S8RnD0ai9fpSCF3L5rfpHbTTstBEFvnEpxCMStlnb6AfSn1A4bDB4odXhHlDZb4WVjpKo2pdNuBRzWAsbhtTcRDmL7HDZqTDWKHYu2Vo0LOoXqwhpzaza4GnYM+8Cj+7SDE2/S45uc5cDypQKE7Gs2+1IqzSArWWSDkdvSdW/hW0Hf0JwgZNjTXoumwg2m+yVFqCtOJxxpB1xMr6pVNwSsuLxfv9gUSMiMbthlIlFxWPKXSaPofEwGxPPMV2Bxr1r4aS8pCLMKENc1RtQNfCb97xQHuY1MFUybuLhoh5TLKQehmC4hTK36tjSMwJ2PRQpOtxFv1rQSAHSfc17imQsLISwjHmh5JJQbZ30LvyQ1tanbUas9ZF5c78Dls24yKXUWrOzv1VLkYy0oPDIlBcnPJQbAeg8t/DBsVbQRs5tE2zevG04aWXjfSTDdevuzZnRe44gi+Y14g/2UDSRMCjlbMkt5hjwVuoxmq4ZOWe84A+IJlk/dBzyLl / 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 AqVmvY6kI50eQnK2Dgf6imno3RQycGzBr64QDzjKKKWPBCO4UFgKmOcHMv+GK5TGLMrP88Ylg35C1oaz9ZUyQ5kB4ZEqkUKzqV8s4vpxD3E+aMT7
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 ) ; }
Comparing the alternatives
As you can see , the Data URI example is a lot of characters , but the beauty of it is that it describes the image inline , completely eliminating the need for a HTTP request !
And sure , as you can see the file size will get bigger ( especially in this example ) , but overall the result is much better than a huge number of HTTP requests .
Besides , from my testing and reading about other peoples ’ results , if you gzip your CSS file the resulting size is about the same as the regular image URL reference !
Web browser support
Data URIs are supported in :
Firefox 2 +
Safari – all versions
Google Chrome – all versions
Opera 7.2 +
Internet Explorer 8 +
Internet Explorer …
As you can see , Internet Explorer does actually support Data URIs from IE 8 !
However , Microsoft , not to get astray from their long - standing tradition of doing half - ass implementations , only support data URIs smaller than 32 kilobytes .
That might sound like a lot , but naturally it becomes a stick in your eye when you have larger images .
For instance , in the web site I work on now , I have two images that were too large as Data URIs for IE 8 , so I needed to include those two specific files exclusively for IE 8 .
What about Internet Explorer versions older than IE 8 then ?
Actually , interestingly enough they support the MHTML format , which is an alternative way to accomplish the same thing for older IE versions .
Stoyan Stefanov , also of Yahoo ! , have written about this approach in MHTML – when you need data : URIs in IE7 and under and related problems in Vista and Windows 7 in Data URIs , MHTML and IE7 / Win7 / Vista blues .
There is some serious trickery , and limitations , when it comes to getting MHTML working .
I know a number of people who used it , but in my tests , I actually never got it to work properly .
Looking at general web site statistics , though , IE 6 and IE 7 usage steadily decreases all the time .
If you want to solve it with MHTML , absolutely , but for me personally , I believe with offering the Data URI solution to all of the above - mentioned supported web browsers , I will still reach a good majority of the market , and , importantly , future web browsers .
Tools for encoding
There are a number of terminal - based tools to convert your images into the base64 - encoded format , and you also have the option of online image to base64 converters .
However , doing all this conversion ( fairly ) manually and then pasting the code into your code is quite tedious .
There has to be a better way , right ?
Right !
Nicholas Zakas has created the outstanding tool CSSEmbed , which takes a CSS file as input , goes through it and encodes all image references to base64 .
This means that the action of changing all your image references in your CSS file to base64 - encoded is a matter of seconds !
Just download the cssembed JAR file , put it wherever you like ( placed in the same directory as the CSS file below for simplicity ) and then call it like this :
java - jar cssembed -0.3.2.jar styles.css > styles-base64.css
This creates a new file named myStylesheet - base64.css where all image references have become base64 - encoded .
Awesome , right ?
It also supports conversion for MHTML for targeting older versions of Internet Explorer .
Nicolas has written more about it and how it works in Automatic data URI embedding in CSS files .
High - traffic web sites using Data URIs
By now , I hope you are as excited as me about this !
Imagine removing about 2/3 of all your HTTP requests in a second , thanks to CSSEmbed !
And this practice is not some future technology that we might use in five years , it ’s here today !
Just take a look at the thumbnails in a Google search for monkey and the search button in Yahoo !
Search , for instance , and you will see what I ’m talking about .
Therefore , I hope this have inspired you to get faster web pages without compromising one bit with the content !
Acknowledgements
Great thanks to Malte Ubl for suggestions and help , and to Mark Wubben for discussing base64 - encoding alternatives .
Norbert Haug said that Mercedes spending on F1 has more than halved in five years © Sutton Images Enlarge Related Links Drivers :
Nico Rosberg
|
Michael Schumacher Teams :
Mercedes
Mercedes competition boss Norbert Haug has defended the company 's increased involvement in Formula One , claiming that costs are actually being reduced and that the retainers of both drivers are being met by sponsors .
While fellow carmakers Honda , BMW and Toyota have all pulled out of the sport , and Renault has scaled back its involvement by selling a majority stake in its team to Genii Capital , Mercedes has faced internal criticism for buying the Brawn team , and bringing Michael Schumacher out of retirement .
After the buyout , a member of Daimler 's supervisory board and Corporate Works Council Erich Klemm said Mercedes had missed a " chance to completely leave the costly and controversial circus " .
Further accusations were made after Haug announced Mercedes had signed Schumacher for € 7 million ( $ 10 million ) .
Another supervisory board member Uwe Werner said the decision was " hard to justify " amid the automobile world 's current crisis .
Now Haug has defended the position : " Both statements do not take into account that with its own team , Daimler will next year be spending about 60 % less compared to the peak in 2005 .
With our new approach , within five years our costs have more than halved . "
He also revealed that , unlike at McLaren where Mercedes contributed half of the cost of driver salaries , the company is not paying the retainers of Schumacher and team - mate Nico Rosberg .
" In our F1 team , the drivers ' salary comes only from our sponsor partners and the commercial rights holder FOM [ Formula One Management ] , not from Mercedes - Benz , " he insisted .
Last evening , January 27th , AMD ( Advanced Micro Devices ) announced a brand - new version of its versatile ATI Catalyst proprietary Display Driver for Linux users .
ATI Catalyst 10.1 updates the software to version 8.69 and it introduces production support for the Ubuntu 9.10 ( Karmic Koala ) operating system from Canonical .
Available for both x86 and x86_64 architectures , ATI Catalyst 10.1 also fixes the following issues :
· X. Org no longer crashes on an Ubuntu 9.10 system , if multiple Xinerama - enabled X. Org server generations are executed ;
· Switching between virtual desktops no longer breaks the operating system ;
· Single mode is now shown properly in the " Display Manager Properties " tab of the ATI Catalyst Control Center , instead of multiple modes , if the " big desktop " mode is enabled ;
· The system no longer crashes if an HDMI monitor is hot - plugged , or if the users toggle between HDMI and LCD ;
· Fixed an issue on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.4 32 - bit systems , when the " Detect Displays " button was selected in ATI Catalyst Control Center , and an HDMI display was hot - plugged .
However , lots of known issues remain unresolved for this release of the ATI Catalyst suite , especially for Ubuntu users !
Requirements :
· X. Org 6.8 , 6.9 , 7.0 , 7.1 , 7.2 , 7.3 or 7.4 ;
· Linux kernel 2.6 or higher ;
· glibc version 2.2 or 2.3 ;
· Support for POSIX Shared Memory ( / dev/ shm ) is necessary for 3D programs ;
· The following packages should be installed on your system : XFree86 - Mesa- libGL , libstdc++ , libgcc , XFree86 - libs , fontconfig , freetype , zlib and gcc .
Also , please note that 64 - bit users must have the 32 - bit libraries installed before executing / updating the driver !
Moreover , a GCC compiler , kernel - headers and kernel - source are required to build the modules and to enable 2D and 3D acceleration .
Supported operating systems :
· Red Hat Enterprise Linux ;
· Novell SUSE Enterprise Linux ;
· openSUSE Linux ;
· Ubuntu Linux .
Sponsored Link
Related posts
Are brick - and - mortar bookstores doomed ?
People have been predicting the downfall of physical bookstores for quite some time , but with many stores vanishing and shelf selections getting much worse , the warnings have gotten more dire lately .
Advertisement
Borders is shuttering 182 of its smaller Waldenbooks outlets , while leaving 130 of them open .
And Barnes & Noble is similarly closing down all but 50 of its B. Dalton stores .
The move leaves the town of Laredo , TX as the nation 's largest town without a bookstore .
In an NPR piece on the closures , Clive Warner with Citria Publishing sounds a dire note :
DAVIES : The Liverpool native runs a small science fiction publishing house .
He says the forecast is grim for many brick - and - mortar bookstores .
Mr. WARNER : Oh , they 're finished .
Everything 's going online .
But it 's not that simple for a lot of people , points out science blogger Suzanne E. Franks , whose local Borders store is also closing down :
Everything 's going online .
That 's IF you have a line to go on .
No internet access ?
Well , just go to your local library ... oh , wait , I forgot .
Our local governments are strapped for cash these days and we might just have to shut the libraries down .
So sorry .
But hey , if you can't afford wi-fi , what the hell are you doing buying books anyway ?
You should be borrowing them from the ... ah , never mind .
Advertisement
But say you still have a Borders or Barnes & Noble near your home .
That still does n't mean you 're going to be able to get the smart , challenging science - fiction books you crave — because selections are getting worse and worse .
Dave Nalle with Blogcritics recently wrote about going to his local Borders to look for the new Mike Resnick space opera , from Pyr Books , only to find it was n't on the shelves because Borders was n't stocking it .
He looked around , and realized the store 's selection of science - fiction books in general was atrocious :
As I wandered the stacks in dismay I noticed some changes at my local Borders .
First off , there were far fewer actual books on the shelves .
They 've expanded the space for non -book products and reduced the space for actual books .
Then there 's a problem with what 's actually on the shelves .
Apparently there 's no room for Flagship because the shelves are full - up with supernatural themed romance novels most of which verge on being pornographic , marketed not only under romance but in every other section of the bookstore , including taking up about half the shelf - space in the Science Fiction and Horror sections .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Of course , supernatural romances are dominating the shelves because they 're popular .
But also , midlist science - fiction authors just are n't getting the shelf space they used to , and diversity is being sacrificed .
Adds Nalle :
Clearly Internet shopping also plays a role in this .
Publishers are n't working quite as hard to sell second - tier writers to the bookstores when they know they can sell to the established fan base through online outlets .
Some publishers like Tor and Baen have become really masterful at this , building online communities and essentially mentoring new writers in the process .
Advertisement
Of course , some of us are still lucky enough to have specialty science - fiction bookshops in our towns , like Pandemonium in Cambridge , MA , Mysterious Galaxy in San Diego , Borderlands here in San Francisco , or Uncle Hugo 's in Minneapolis .
And maybe the real take - away message of all this is , if the giant chains are abandoning you or refusing to stock the books you love , do n't run to Amazon — support independent science - fiction bookstores instead .
They 'll help keep the genre as a whole much healthier .
Advertisement
Images by Peter Hilton and Nancy Baym on Flickr .
All we 've read about for the past six weeks is that Google was leading up to a huge launch of a proprietary " Google Phone . "
This earth - shaking event was going to mark Google 's entry into the hardware business , a move that would revolutionize the mobile industry and put Google in direct competition with hardware partners and competitors like Motorola , Nokia , and Apple .
All we read about yesterday , meanwhile , was how the amazing launch of " Google 's own mobile handset , " the Nexus One , was going to knock Apple silly and disrupt the decades - old carrier - dominated mobile phone distribution business .
So , forgive us if we 're missing something , but is n't it fair to say that what Google actually did yesterday was open a mobile phone store ?
Let 's review :
The phone is made by HTC and branded " HTC "
HTC is supporting the phone
Google will eventually be selling other mobile phones in the store
T- Mobile is n't giving Nexus
One buyers any special Google Phone deal -- you can add any unlocked phone to the network for the same price
Google did not make the phone
Google did not design the phone
Google did not outsource the making or design of a proprietary phone ( this is an HTC phone )
Google is not marketing the phone as a " Google Phone "
Google is not saying " This is OUR phone "
So tell us again how this is a " Google Phone " ?
Yes , Google is the " merchant of record " if you buy a Nexus One from Google 's phone store .
But Amazon is the merchant of record if you buy a phone in their mobile phone store , too .
Ditto for the carriers .
And , yes , Google is getting sued by the daughter of Philip K Dick for stealing cool names like " Android " and " Nexus . "
But Philip K
Dick 's daughter would be suing anyone with deep pockets ( and " Android " also is n't a Google Phone ) .
So , again , forgive us if we 're being dim , but it seems to as though what Google did yesterday was open a store .
Making the Web Safe for Democracy
With this week ’s news that the Gmail accounts of foreign journalists in China had been hacked , coming on the heels of last week ’s brazen attacks on the accounts of Chinese human rights activists and the broad , sophisticated cyberattacks on about 34 U.S. companies , the Chinese assault on Internet freedom is now out in the open for all the world to see .
The challenge to Internet freedom posed by China is formidable and calls for a bold response .
To this end , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will unveil a new technology - policy initiative on Jan. 21 .
But merely stressing the importance of Internet freedom will not be enough .
The U.S. government must be prepared to back up its ideals with bold action .
The Chinese government censors the Internet in multiple ways , using extensive , multi-layered systems .
It blocks social networking applications at critical times , as it did with Twitter on the 20th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre ; it filters politically sensitive content ; and it uses human censors to shut down online discussions about human rights abuses , official corruption , and other forbidden subjects .
The regime also pressures private companies , such as blog hosts , to police their users .
But the assault goes well beyond censorship .
The Chinese government also conducts pervasive online surveillance and uses sophisticated technology to monitor and intercept emails .
State security has forced detained dissidents to give up their passwords , allowing agents to access their address books and identify all of their contacts .
It has also subjected cyber - dissidents to arrest , prosecution , and harsh jail sentences .
Through this combination of censorship , surveillance , and retribution against dissent , the Chinese government maintains the world ’s most extensive system for stifling political speech online .
Clinton ’s Internet freedom initiative will have limited effect if it merely re-packages existing policy .
The importance of Internet freedom is well known — it was often articulated by the George W. Bush administration — and $ 20 million is already allocated for programs to help human rights and democracy activists evade censorship and maintain their privacy in countries such as China , Iran , and Syria .
Moreover , as part of this year ’s appropriations bill , Congress has pumped another $ 30 million into these programs .
But this does n’t go far enough .
Although substantial , these programs are largely reactive .
They aim to mitigate the effects of online censorship and surveillance .
They do n’t proactively challenge the ability of China and other repressive regimes , like Iran , to control the Internet in the first place .
A truly bold Internet freedom initiative would directly take on the censors and push back the assault on Internet freedom globally .
First , the United States must lead the world ’s democracies in collective diplomatic efforts to press for a more open Internet and respond to violations of Internet users ’ rights with the same — or greater — vigor as other human rights abuses .
Second , the government should step in to defend U.S. companies when they come under pressure from authoritarian regimes to hand over Internet users ’ personal data .
Third , multilateral export controls should be enacted by the U.S. Congress and European parliaments to stop the use of U.S. and European technology to censor online political content and intercept electronic communications .
The sale of advanced surveillance technology to authoritarian governments , such as Nokia - Siemens ’ sale of network technology to Iran ’s telecom monopoly , needs to end .
Iran ’s Revolutionary Guard , which controls the country ’s telecoms , is no doubt using Nokia - Siemens technology to crack down on the pro-democracy green movement .
Fourth , Clinton and U.S. President Barack Obama should speak out publicly about arrested bloggers and cyber - dissidents and raise these cases in their meetings with foreign leaders .
Their reticence to mention these victims by name gives the impression that they do n’t care about these courageous activists .
Obama ’s recent online dialogue with Cuban dissident blogger Yoani Sánchez was the type of gesture that should be repeated .
Finally , Clinton must put serious institutional weight behind her Internet freedom initiative .
She should appoint an ambassador at large to spearhead the initiative and build the diplomatic coalitions required to move it forward .
In the face of the increasingly brazen and aggressive assault on Internet freedom , a bold U.S. effort is needed to reverse the current restrictions , pre-empt the emergence of new online threats , and make the Internet a force for freedom throughout the world .
The relationship between chili peppers and my scrotum has always been a difficult one .
It got off to a rocky start back during grad school , when I was making vegetarian tacos in the nude .
Having crumbled a bunch of hot dry chili peppers into a bowl , I absently reached down with the same hand to scratch an itch .
The magnitude of that action did not sink home immediately ; it was a good ten seconds before I even registered the dull heat radiating from my ball sack , another five before I realized that said heat was increasing , and verging on actual pain .
I have no clear recollection of what happened next .
When I came to I was standing in the bathtub , cradling my scorched balls in a saucepan full of cold water clenched between my thighs .
I learned an obvious lesson that day .
I learned another one , decades later , when the safety on the pepper spray in my jeans pocket worked its way loose and discharged a stream of mace into my crotch .
There was no pain .
There were a few moments of ball - clenching terror as I waited for pain that I knew was imminent , but the only real impact was a rusty stain that spread far enough to ruin my “ Wanted : Dead Or Alive ” Schroedinger ’s Cat t- shirt .
The take - home message from that experience , so I thought , was that pepper spray had an expiry date , and this particular tube — a gift from a Republican brother who ’d hoped it would serve as a gateway to semiautomatic weapons — had gone harmlessly flat .
I would not be able to gratuitously spray local cops in the face after all .
I did n’t throw it out , though .
For some reason it found its way into the pocket of my thermal vest , where it lurked for years , forgotten and untouched .
Until last night .
Last night I was out for dinner at a local Cajun place called Southern Accents .
I was visiting a friend I see very rarely , a lady from the Yukon who makes her living unearthing ten - thousand - year - old hunting artefacts from the ice up there .
There are bears in the Yukon , apparently .
Grizzlies are the ones famous for charging , but black bears can eat you too ; they just kinda circle in gradually , closer and closer , like sharks .
When you douse ’em with pepper spray , Val assured me , you have to literally paint their faces red with the stuff before it has any real effect .
Pepper spray , huh ?
And suddenly my hand ’s in my pocket , feeling this little cylinder of harmless and impotent ex-pepper spray .
I remember being doubtful that pepper spray could turn a black bear red .
I remember thinking the pigment was n’t that intense .
I remember firing it onto a napkin to see for sure .
It cleared out the whole top floor of the restaurant .
The other patrons stuck it out longer than the staff , who fled pretty much instantly ( I would not trust the staff of Southern Accents to run lifeboats during a nautical emergency ) .
By the time Val and I got downstairs ( we were being nonchalant , in the hopes that nobody would notice ) , everyone was coughing uncontrollably around the bottom of the stairwell , their eyes streaming .
I remarked on the irony of a supposedly Cajun restaurant laid low by a bit of pepper .
Our server did not laugh .
We tipped her anyway .
There ’s really only one take - home message to this story ; this is the kind of post that will start showing up if I listen to those of you who want me to branch out from my usual sciencey musings and start showing you my soft furry underbelly .
This is what personal anecdotes look like .
This is why you do not want me talking to you on Twitter , or Facebook .
This is why there are no moods , ads , or cutesy fucking icons on this ‘ crawl .
Let us never speak of this again .
[ The Ayahuasca Monologues ]  Comics artist Adam Pollina takes an extraordinary journey into the heart of Colombia 's military Red Zone in search of a legendary shaman .
This video was recorded at the Third Annual Ayahuasca Monologues , held at Webster Hall in New York City , on November 5 , 2009 .
Adam Pollina is a comic book artist and penciller , best known for his work on Marvel Comics ' X - Force comic book .
In 1996 he drew the four - issue limited series Rise of Apocalypse , again for Marvel .
He has also produced a creator - owned limited series Big Daddy Danger , which was published by DC Comics in 2002 .
Saturday , December 12 , 2009 | 8:58 AM
At Google , we are constantly experimenting with new products and technologies , and often ask employees to test these products for quick feedback and suggestions for improvements in a process we call dogfooding ( from " eating your own dogfood " ) .
Well this holiday season , we are taking dogfooding to a new level .
We recently came up with the concept of a mobile lab , which is a device that combines innovative hardware from a partner with software that runs on Android to experiment with new mobile features and capabilities , and we shared this device with Google employees across the globe .
This means they get to test out a new technology and help improve it .
Unfortunately , because dogfooding is a process exclusively for Google employees , we can not share specific product details .
We hope to share more after our dogfood diet .
Posted by Mario Queiroz , Vice President , Product Management
Sarah Payne was murdered by a convicted sex offender Parents across England and Wales could be told about sex offenders who may come into contact with their children .
The government is considering rolling out the scheme currently being trialled in Southampton , Warwickshire , north Cambridgeshire and Stockton - on - Tees .
Home Secretary Alan Johnson said early results were " extremely encouraging " and the project had protected children .
" Sarah 's Law " was proposed after the murder of eight - year - old Sarah Payne by a convicted sex offender 10 years ago .
Sarah was kidnapped and murdered by Roy Whiting in West Sussex in 2000 .
' Encouraging results '
Her mother , Sara , a child protection campaigner , told the News of the World : " In all the long years of campaigning for parents ' rights to keep their children safe from predatory paedophiles , this is the most important development to date . "
Under the measures , families will be able to ask police if someone with access to a child has convictions or has been previously suspected of abuse .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In the first six months of the trial , which started in September 2008 , more than 150 parents made inquiries .
Of those , 10 were given relevant information .
The home secretary said : " Protecting children and families from sex offenders is one of my top priorities and the UK already has one of the most robust systems of managing sex offenders in the world .
" The development of this scheme is a major step forward in our ability to protect children from sex offenders .
" Early results are extremely encouraging and the pilot has provided crucial protection for children who might otherwise be at risk . "
He said results from the year - long pilot were still being evaluated and talks with the police and children 's charities would take place before a final decision was made extending the scheme nationally .
' Heart - breaking cases ' Leader of the Commons , Harriet Harman , said there were cases where the system would make a big difference .
She told BBC One 's Politics Show : " There have been heart - breaking cases where a woman 's got together with a partner and discovers that she 's been specifically targeted by him because she 's got young children .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Then she says 'if only I knew what you knew , but there was no way for me to find out ' . "
Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said he supported extending the scheme , as long as checks were made to prevent vigilante action .
He said : " I think it 's been right to pilot this whole approach in a number of areas of the country .
" If those pilots have shown that actually it makes a difference , that it does n't lead to vigilante - style justice , then I 'd be very sympathetic and supportive of the idea that it could be extended . "
But Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne called for more information about the schemes to be made available .
He said : " The concern is that this will do nothing for the safety of children and could even lead to an increase in sex offenders . "
American law Martin Narey , chief executive of children 's charity Barnardo's , said he was encouraged by how the pilots went .
He said : " I was very cautious about this experiment , and we at Barnardo's were worried about the possibility this scheme might drive sex offenders underground , away from police and probation supervision , and put children in danger .
" That does n't appear to have happened in these four pilots . "
Michele Elliott , founder of the Kidscape charity , welcomed the move .
" We are absolutely delighted , we have been campaigning for this , we think it 's good for children and it's about time , " she said .
" It 's interesting that they have chosen to do this now with an election around the corner , it 's a popular thing , but whatever the motivation of the politicians it 's important that parents will now be able to get access to this information . "
The so - called Megan 's Law in the US , which allows the publication of names , addresses and pictures of paedophiles in some states , prompted calls for an equivalent " Sarah 's Law " in the UK .
Sara Payne , who is the government 's Victims Tsar , has been undergoing treatment after complications following brain surgery but is said to have responded well .
Below is a selection of some of your comments about this story :
This is an excellent scheme to protect children .
It is extremely important for parents to know background of people who are around their children .
It is also very important that when it 's known that there is someone of shady character in the area , that vigilante groups do n't force the person away and off the police / probation services radar .
Andrew , Llandrindod Wells
This is a fantastic idea , as long as the information given out is absolutely true .
However I do think there should be more definition to " suspected " sex offenders , for example ; should wrongly accused sex offenders brought to the attention of the public ?
Chris Jackson , Leeds I would be interested to see HOW this scheme has been " extremely effective " .
Laws such as this can be ineffective .
They can target all offenders including those unlikely to recommit rather than dealing with those most likely to recommit .
If government resources given to the project are not sufficient resources ( the government do not have a good track record on this ) them some will slip through , particularly the most determined to do so .
This can make the situation more dangerous but leave parents feeling safer and so less likely to take correct precautions .
So how has this scheme proved " extremely effective " then ?
Matt , Leeds
Anything that could prevent one child having to endure what that poor girl went through should be seriously considered .
If it is working in the US why should n't it be here too ?
Children 's safety should be top priority without question .
Amanda , Derby
This is all very well in theory and might ( perhaps ) prevent some crimes .
There are however two disadvantages .
First is that it may result in offenders not being able to find anywhere to live after sentence .
Secondly it may result in people being given what the police call " soft information " about others including completely unproven and perhaps malicious allegations .
This can not be tolerated .
Dudley Dean , Maresfield , East Sussex
Over the years , I have met a number of people who have had false accusations of child abuse made against them by malicious neighbours , drug addicts , or others with a grudge .
Clearly , in the interest of child welfare , the authorities had to investigate the allegations .
Despite the fact that there was no substance to the claims , presumably they will be on record as having been suspected ?
If the government is proposing releasing details of who is suspected of crime , rather of known offenders , they have clearly and absolutely thrown away " innocent until proved guilty " and this will have a serious effect on many innocent lives .
David , Doncaster
What utter rubbish !
Most abuse is carried out by people known to the victim and so few people are on any list held by the police .
It is naive and stupid to think that this is anything other than a government and police force trying to justify themselves .
If people trust this system then they may be fooled into thinking that everything is OK because the police say so .
Anyone that puts blind faith in government or police deserves the society they get .
Abuse is not something you can legislate against .
Vince , Farnham
As a retired police officer I know that someone who has been put on the sex offenders register does not mean they are a danger to children .
Take a case where a boy just over 16 and his girlfriend is just under and they have sex - he could be put on the register .
Set that against a 50 year old man befriending a 12 year old .
There 's no comparison .
Any giving out of information should either give details of the offence or have a danger rating between 1 to 10 , more detail could be given perhaps to people like myself has having signed the official secrets act and also neighbourhood watch co-ordinator .
Gerry , London I definitely believe that this is the correct way to go .
If a sexual predator who could endanger the life of your child , has even a slight chance of coming into contact with your children , then yes , give us the chance to get them out of that organisation to protect them .
This disease they have is incurable and any help in protecting our siblings should be welcomed .
Paul Shaw , Paisley
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Comments are encouraged
I update at least once a day , often more .
If you enjoy this blog , check back often and share the link with your friends
Copyright 2010 Ian Spenser
No Rights Reserved .
All Wrongs Revenged
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Professor Yannis Sakellarakis discovered the site in 1982 , during his first day of excavations at the nearby Ideon Cave , when a shepherd told him about his pastures and sheep in an area called “ Zominthos . ”
Intrigued by the pre-Hellenic place - name , he began small - scale excavations the following year , which revealed the Central Building that is now believed to have dominated one of the main Minoan routes up to Mount Ida , today called Psiloritis .
Zominthos may have been used as a rest stop for visitors making their way from Knossos to the Ideon Cave , the great sanctuary cave near the peak of Ida , as is mentioned in Plato ’s Laws ( book I , 625B ) : “ I dare say that you will not be unwilling to give an account of your government and laws ; on our way we can pass the time pleasantly in and about them , for I am told that the distance from Knossos to the cave and the temple of Zeus is considerable ; and doubtless there are shady places under the lofty trees , which will protect us from this scorching sun . ”
Zominthos seems to have been occupied beginning the 17th century B.C. , with an extensive settlement and a monumental Central Building that covers an area of 1,600 square meters ( 17,000 square feet ) .
Beneath the Central Building , which was gradually developed from the 17th century onward , the remains of several earlier structures have been identified .
Because of the severe climate conditions on the mountaintop — including snow during the winter months — the site may not have been used throughout the entire year , but rather as a seasonal habitat .
During the summer months , people likely moved their flocks of sheep here , to higher altitudes , while exploiting natural resources , such as minerals , herbs , and pharmaceutical plants .
These products , along with woolen textiles and olives , were the goods most commonly exported from Minoan Crete to Egypt and the Middle East .
The Central Building is extremely well preserved and some of its walls still stand at a height of 2.2 meters ( 7.2 feet ) .
However , creating the foundation of such a huge building at this altitude is quite a complicated issue .
Its unlikely location and size , as well as its careful construction , indicate the existence of a central authority that intended to control the region ’s resources , including its flocks and pastures .
Zominthos may therefore be considered a well - organized administrative complex — built on a strategic spot for the control of the area — that fully adapted to the inhospitable Cretan mountains .
Its location on the ancient route to Psiloritis and the wealth of pottery found at the site indicate that it was likely also a religious and crafts center .
The accounting archives in the Linear B script from the palace at Knossos — about 40 kilometers ( 25 miles ) from Zominthos — record thousands of sheep along with shepherds ’ names .
However , the location of the land where these sheep were grazing has always been a mystery .
Zominthos and the neighboring regions have very prosperous pastures , so it could be that the sheep recorded in the Knossos tablets were mainly concentrated here at Zominthos .
The Central Building ’s importance is confirmed by its asymmetrical facades and orientation to the cardinal points , which are well - known characteristics of Minoan palaces .
Zominthos was destroyed by an earthquake around 1600 B.C. , which resulted in a fire that devastated the vast majority of building ’s structure .
But various finds from the Central Building indicate that the site continued to be used in Mycenaean , Archaic , Hellenistic , and Roman times .
After a gap of 17 years , archaeological work at the site of Zominthos resumed in the summer of 2005 .
Although only the ground floor is visible today , archaeological evidence suggests that the Central Building had at least two floors built of large blocks of local stone , some coated with white plaster and decorated with frescoes .
Only 10 of at least 45 rooms of the ground floor have been partly or fully explored up to now , and the results can be summarized as follows :
The rooms contained pottery , masses of animal bones , numerous fragments of carbonized wood , and several small artifacts .
The vast majority of the pottery includes conical cups , cooking pots , and pithoi .
Also , several ceramic water conduits have been found , probably indicating a central drainage system .
In the western part of the Central Building , a complex consisting of at least two workshops was discovered .
1. A 15 - square - meter ( 161 - square - foot ) Ceramics Workshop ( room 13 ) with more than 250 vessels for everyday use , some bronze and stone tools ( including a knife , blade , and tongs ) , a cistern in the middle of the room ( for the purification of the clay ) , and a potter ’s wheel , near what was most likely the potter ’s workbench .
Ceramics had been placed on two benches running along the northern and southern walls , some of which were found in situ .
Many of them were probably standing on wooden shelves on the walls , something that is indicated by numerous fragments of carbonized wood .
2 . A workshop that might have been used for processing quartz crystal ( among other items ) , a rare and valuable material , which in antiquity was believed to have magical properties .
From this room three rhyta came to light , which along with the quartz crystals and the site ’s other unique features , such as its location on the route that lead to the Ideon Cave , reinforce Central Building ’s double use , as a place of worship and a crafts center .
The Central Building was not an isolated structure but the dominant edifice of a settlement extending to an area of at least one acre , as indicated by the scattered pottery and the remains of walls .
The excavation continues today , in order to reveal the structure of the whole building and identify the function of the rooms , as well as to preserve the natural environment and provide an opportunity to rebuild , as much as possible , the tranquillity of the Minoan period .
Specifically , our team has made extensive efforts to reforest the site and the wider area .
The most characteristic feature of the site is the tree Crataegus monogyna ( the common hawthorn ) , which stands at a height of 12 meters ( 39 feet ) , and is the tallest - known example of its species .
It has been named a “ Listed Natural Monument ” in Greece .
Muslim police in ' hatred ' warning : Anti-terror tactics ' promote Islamophobia ' , say officers
Radicalised : Abdulmutallab
Muslim police officers have warned that the Government 's anti-terrorism strategy is an ' affront to British values ' and encourages Islamophobia .
The National Association of Muslim Police ( NAMP ) told MPs that it was wrong to blame Islam for recent terrorist attacks and warned that far - Right organisations were a greater threat to national security than Islam .
In a seven page memorandum to a parliamentary committee investigating extremism , they said Muslims were being ' stigmatised ' by Government initiatives to tackle terrorism which encouraged ' hatred ' between communities .
They warned that these initiatives - part of the Prevent programme which is designed to prevent radicalisation amongst Muslim groups - could not ' continue unchecked ' .
In a submission to the Commons Communities and Local Government Committee , posted on the committee 's website , they wrote : ' It can be argued that there is a connection in the rise of Islamophobia and our Prevent programme as it feeds on the stereotypes that the media and some right wing parties promote , i.e. all Muslims are evil and non trustworthy .
' Our British system is a model for the world to follow , yet we have embarked on a journey that has put this very core of British values under real threat .
' The hatred towards Muslims has grown to a level that defies all logic and is an affront to British values .
' The climate is such that Muslims are subject to daily abuse in a manner that would be ridiculed by Britain , were this to occur anywhere else .
' We must not diminish our British values further by continuing to allow such behaviour and policies to continue unchecked . '
The association , which has more than 2,000 members , said there was a ' sense of frustration ' among Muslims that their concerns were not being heard and warned that ' some serious damage ' to relations between religious communities may have already occurred .
Concern :
The failed Detroit bombing on Christmas Day was carried out by an al - Qaeda supporter who had studied in London
There have been growing concerns about the radicalisation of Muslims in Britain .
The failed Detroit bombing on Christmas Day was carried out by an al - Qaeda supporter who had studied in London .
But Muslim officers believe the Government is wrong to blame Islam as the main ' driver ' of terrorist activity .
Its official intervention over the Prevent initiative raises the possibility that Muslim officers may be reluctant to take part in ' hearts and minds ' anti-terrorist campaigns in the future .
The news will come as an embarrassment to Gordon Brown who has backed the association in the past , describing it as crucial to bridge the historic divide between Muslims and the police .
Prevent - which aims to stop Muslims becoming radicalised through measures such as sponsoring moderate community groups - was welcomed by mainstream police organisations when it was first proposed .
Ministers hailed the scheme - which costs more than £ 140 million a year - as a ' real success ' after more than 200 people were convicted of terrorist offences in the past eight years .
But Muslim groups have condemned the initiative as an ' affront to British values ' which breeds ' hatred against Muslims ' .
It is thought to be the first time that the Muslim association , which was founded in 2007 , has criticised government policy .
A spokesman from the Department of Communities and Local Government said : ' The idea that we only focus on Muslims on terror issues is completely false .
' Muslims , like other faith groups , engage with government departments right across Whitehall , from health to education to work and pensions , to culture , media and sport .
They rightly play a full role in our society , and across public and civic life . '
Harry Reid does n’t owe me an apology .
Sure , it was a little odd to see the term “ Negro ” used outside of a history class or documentary .
Sounds like Reid is stuck in the last century .
But the Senate majority leader did n’t say anything many Americans -- especially us Negroes -- do n’t already know .
If you ’re black , it is easier in this country to be light - skinned .
Advertisement
That ’s borne out not just by anecdote and experience , but by research documenting favorable treatment for fair - skinned blacks in criminal cases , employment prospects , even social and romantic liaisons .
Studies have shown that darker - skinned blacks are more likely to be unemployed , earn less and hold lower - prestige jobs .
In the criminal justice system , convicted murderers with “ stereotypically black ” features are more than twice as likely as light - skinned defendants to receive death sentences from juries .
Do n’t blame Reid for the preference .
Blame bigotry .
Blame history .
The legacy of fair - skinned favoritism in this country has its roots in slavery .
Light - skinned blacks tended to be slave owners ’ progeny , and to be offered education , land and access to broader society .
Advertisement
Those advantages persisted for generations , spawning a light - skinned elite that still has more crossover appeal .
Obama came by his light skin and dialectical flexibility differently -- as a biracial , bicultural son .
But he ’s a political beneficiary of our color - conscious society ; to pretend otherwise is disingenuous .
Reid was stating a fact , however indelicate and impolitic .
Obama ’s appearance and avoidance of “ Negro dialect ” -- except when reaching out to blacks -- allowed white voters to feel comfortable with his politics and his intellect .
He seemed more like them than like Al Sharpton or Jesse Jackson ; less threatening , more like a guy you ’d have over for dinner .
Advertisement
Reid expressed regret this weekend “ for offending any and all Americans , especially African Americans , ” with comments he made in 2008 that only now have come to light .
But I do n’t know why I should be offended .
If anyone is insulted , it should be whites -- whom Reid accused implicitly of being willing to vote for a black man only if he talks like them and is not too black .
I think the next apology ought to come from Michael Steele -- the light - skinned , dialectically flexible African American head of the Republican National Committee .
Advertisement
Steele has called for Reid to step down as majority leader , likening him to Trent Lott , the former Mississippi senator rebuked in 2002 for saying he was “ proud ” that his state had supported a segregationist candidate in the 1948 presidential election .
That candidate was Strom Thurmond , who famously declared during his White House campaign : “ All the laws of Washington and all the bayonets of the Army cannot force the Negro into our homes , our schools , our churches . ”
Either Steele is playing politics with a combustible case , or he thinks Americans are so incapable of thinking intelligently about race that we can’t tell the difference between Lott and Reid .
Now that offends me .
Advertisement
sandy.banks@latimes.com
Note : Please visit my new Global Warming Primer web site , which contains an updated version of the post below along with additional details and information about my 2016 “ global warming tour . ”
Updated : April 16 , 2014
Is global warming real or imagined ?
Although the news media make this sound like a difficult and contentious question , the basic science is actually quite easy to understand .
So for anyone who wonders what to believe , this primer should help you understand the truth behind the headlines .
Read the written version of the primer below .
You may wish to start by watching this video , which introduces the major ideas from the primer as a narrated slide show .
Starting Point — Global Warming 1 - 2-3 : For all the arguments you may hear in the media , the basic science of global warming starts with two simple facts that lead directly to one simple conclusion :
Fact 1 : Carbon dioxide ( and other “ greenhouse gases ” ) trap heat and make Earth warmer than it would be otherwise .
: Carbon dioxide ( and other “ greenhouse gases ” ) trap heat and make Earth warmer than it would be otherwise .
Fact 2 : Human activity such as the burning of fossil fuels ( coal , oil , gas ) is rapidly increasing the amount of carbon dioxide in Earth ’s atmosphere .
: Human activity such as the burning of fossil fuels ( coal , oil , gas ) is rapidly increasing the amount of carbon dioxide in Earth ’s atmosphere .
Inevitable Conclusion :
We should expect the rising carbon dioxide concentration to warm our planet , with the warming becoming more severe as we add more carbon dioxide .
The logic above seems rock - solid , but of course logic alone is never good enough in science .
We need to establish that the “ facts ” are really facts , and that the seemingly inevitable conclusion is actually backed by evidence .
In the rest of this primer , I will show you the indisputable evidence behind the two facts and conclusion .
At the end , I ’ll confront some of the “ skeptic ” arguments head - on .
If you harbor any doubts at all about the science of global warming , I hope you will read all the way through .
Let ’s begin with some Q&A relating to the starting point argument above .
Question 1 : In the starting point above , “ Fact 1 ” claims that a higher atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide will make Earth warmer .
Is there any doubt that , all other things being equal , higher carbon dioxide concentrations do indeed make planets warmer ?
Answer :
No doubt at all .
The basic mechanism by which carbon dioxide and other “ greenhouse gases ” ( including water vapor and methane ) heat planetary atmospheres is called the greenhouse effect .
This mechanism was first demonstrated in the laboratory more than 150 years ago (! ) , and is so well - tested and well - understood that you will not find any scientists who dispute it .
( For those who are interested , Figure 1 below shows how the greenhouse effect works . )
In fact , the greenhouse effect occurs naturally on Earth , and that turns out to be a very good thing :
Without it , Earth would be far too cold for liquid water or life .
Studies of other planets show that the greenhouse effect can be even more important in determining a planet ’s surface temperature than the planet ’s distance from the Sun .
Venus provides the most extreme example : Although Venus is closer to the Sun than Earth , its clouds are so reflective that less sunlight reaches Venus ’s surface than Earth ’s surface .
As a result , without the greenhouse effect , Venus would be colder than Earth .
But because Venus has a thick atmosphere containing far more carbon dioxide than Earth ’s atmosphere ( by a factor of about 170,000 ) , Venus ’s actual surface temperature is a searing 870 °F .
Given that the naturally occurring greenhouse effect is a good thing for life on Earth , Venus offers proof that it ’s possible to have too much of a good thing .
Key point for Question 1 : Scientific understanding of the greenhouse effect is tested and verified , not opinion .
Planetary temperatures expected without the greenhouse effect can be simply calculated because they depend only on distance from the Sun and the percentage of sunlight that is absorbed rather than reflected ; planetary temperatures expected with the greenhouse effect can be calculated by also including effects due to the measured amount of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .
The temperatures calculated with the greenhouse gas contribution match the actual temperatures of the planets , demonstrating that we do indeed understand the greenhouse mechanism very well .
Figure 1 .
This diagram shows the basic mechanism of the greenhouse effect , which makes Earth warmer than it would be otherwise .
Earth ’s surface absorbs energy from visible sunlight , and returns this energy to space in the form of infrared light .
Greenhouse gases ( such as carbon dioxide , methane , and water vapor ) slow the escape of the infrared light , thereby keeping the surface and lower atmosphere warmer than it would be otherwise .
Question 2 : In the starting point above , “ Fact 2 ” claims that human activity has been raising the concentration of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in Earth ’s atmosphere .
Is there any doubt about this fact ?
Answer :
No doubt at all .
Figure 2 shows the carbon dioxide concentration over the past 800,000 years ( and probably more than it has been for at least several million years ) , along with corresponding data for temperature variations .
Data since 1958 ( shown in the inset at right ) are direct measurements of the atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration , while the older data come from study of air bubbles trapped in Antarctic ice core samples .
Notice that the carbon dioxide concentration shows natural variations ranging between about 180 and 300 parts per million ( ppm ) , and that these variations clearly correlate with Earth ’s global average temperature .
The clear concern is this :
In recent decades , the concentration has skyrocketed to more than 400 ppm , making the current carbon dioxide concentration far higher than it has been for at least 800,000 years .
The timing of this rise makes it fairly obvious that human activity is responsible for it , but there ’s additional evidence that makes it even more certain that the rise is due to us :
The isotopic composition of the carbon in fossil fuels is slightly different from that from other sources , and careful measurements leave no doubt that the added carbon dioxide is coming largely from the burning of fossil fuels .
The same is true for other greenhouse gases , such as methane ; carbon dioxide gets the most attention because it is the most common greenhouse gas released by human activity ( and because it can remain in the atmosphere for the longest time ) , but it is important to pay attention to other greenhouse gases as well .
Key point for Question 2 : There is no doubt that human activity is adding carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases to the atmosphere .
Today ’s carbon dioxide concentration is already some 40 % higher than it was at the time of the American Revolution , and at its current rate of increase will reach double its pre-industrial level by around 2060 to 2070 .
Figure 2 .
This diagram shows the atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide and global average temperature ( relative to the average for the past 1,000 years ) over the past 800,000 years .
Data since 1958 come from direct measurements at Mauna Loa ; click here to see the latest data .
Earlier data come Antarctic ice cores .
Question 3 : In the starting point above , the “ inevitable conclusion ” indicates that we should expect the rising carbon dioxide concentration to be warming our planet .
Does the evidence show that such warming is really happening as expected ?
Answer : Yes .
For the past several decades , we ’ve had satellite data from which to make measurements of Earth ’s global average temperature .
Data from earlier times were local rather than global , which means there are greater uncertainties in converting them to a global average .
However , by studying a great variety of data sources ( ranging from newspaper temperature reports to natural records like those in tree rings ) , the uncertainties have been reduced enough to make the trend quite clear .
Figure 3 shows the results :
The global average temperature has increased about 0.8 °C ( 1.4 °F ) in the past century , and the long - term trend is clearly upward .
Key point for Question 3 : Data clearly show that Earth ’s global average temperature has warmed about 0.8 °C ( 1.4°F ) in the past century — supporting the basic logic of the global warming 1 - 2 - 3 argument above .
Figure 3a .
This graph shows changes in Earth ’s global average temperature ( in Celsius degrees ) since about 1880 ; the zero line is the average for 20th century .
Uncertainties are not shown , but range from about 0.3 °C for the earliest years ( left ) to less than 0.1 °C for recent years .
Based on data from NOAA .
Figure 3 b .
This video from NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies ( GISS ) shows the changes distributed on a global map , illustrating that while local temperatures can vary significantly , the global trend is very clear .
Question 4 : OK , so there ’s no doubt that carbon dioxide raises a planet ’s temperature , that we ’re increasing Earth ’s carbon dioxide concentration , and that Earth is already warming .
Still , could n’t the recent rise in temperature be due to natural variability , rather than human activity ?
Answer :
The only way to know for sure whether the temperature rise is natural or due to human activity is to perform experiments in which we compare what would happen on Earth with natural factors alone to what would happen when humans are included in the equation .
Of course , we do n’t have two Earths to compare , so we use computer models to make “ simulated Earths . ”
Modeling inevitably involves uncertainties , but if a model fits data well , then we can have confidence that it is on the right track .
Figure 4 shows actual temperature measurements in black .
The blue curve shows model predictions based only on natural factors , while the red ( or brownish - red ) curve includes the human contribution to the greenhouse gas concentration .
Note that both models ( the one based on natural factors only and the one that also includes the human contribution ) match the actual data reasonably well before about 1950 .
But for the past few decades , the models that include only natural factors fail quite miserably , while the models that include the human contribution continue to match the actual data .
Key point for Question 4 : Climate models will never be foolproof , but current models match past data quite well and offer strong evidence in support of the claim that human activity is the primary cause of recent global warming .
When you couple this evidence with the rock - solid foundation of the global warming 1 - 2 - 3 argument given above , it becomes difficult to imagine any other explanation for the observed warming .
Figure 4 .
This graph compares observed temperature changes ( black ) with the predictions of climate models that include only natural factors ( blue ) and models that also include the human contribution ( red ) .
Only the models that include the human contribution to the greenhouse gas concentration match observations well .
Question 5 : So how is that I can turn on the news and still hear some scientists claiming that we need n’t worry about global warming ?
Answer :
First of all , these scientists are extremely few in number .
Surveys have found that at least 97 % of scientists who have studied global warming are convinced that it is a serious and imminent threat to our future .
Second , even among the less than 3 % who count themselves as “ global warming skeptics , ” there is still no dispute over any of the facts I ’ve given above .
In other words , even these skeptics concede that carbon dioxide warms planets and that human activity is raising the carbon dioxide level , and therefore that without a change in human emissions of carbon dioxide , significant global warming will eventually occur .
Their so - called skepticism comes from a belief that current climate models are overestimating the rate at which global warming will occur , and therefore that we have time before we need to take drastic or expensive action .
The problem with this belief is that , in order for the climate models to be overestimating the warming effects , they ’d have to be missing some feedback process than can mitigate global warming .
But if that were the case , then we would not expect the models to work very well at reproducing actual climate data — and as you can see in Figure 4 , they work very well indeed .
This fact explains why the vast majority of scientists reject the “ skeptic ” argument .
Key point for Question 5 : No real scientists , not even the so - called “ skeptics , ” disagree that Earth will eventually experience severe global warming unless we limit the continued emission of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
The skeptics simply claim that we have more time before things get bad than the “ consensus ” scientific opinion .
So think about it this way : Imagine that you consulted 100 doctors about a tumor , and 97 of them said you need surgery and treatment , while 3 said they agreed your tumor was potentially dangerous , but felt you could safely leave it alone .
What would you do ?
Given that 97 % of scientists say we need to deal with global warming now while only 3 % say we have time to waste , you should make your decision on global warming in exactly the same way .
Question 6 : What kinds of consequences can we expect from global warming ?
Answer :
The short answer is that all the recent trends we ’ve experienced — particularly the more extreme weather and increased polar melting — will continue to get worse .
More specifically :
The same models that successfully match past temperatures predict that , if we do nothing to slow our emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases , the current warming trend will accelerate ; by the end of this century , the global average temperature will be 6 °F to 10 °F ( 3 °C to 5 °C ) higher than it is now .
Although a temperature increase of a few degrees might not sound so bad , regional changes in climate patterns can be much more dramatic .
Polar regions will generally warm more than equatorial regions , leading to increased melting of polar ice .
The amount and distribution of global rainfall will change , with the potential for major disruptions of our agricultural systems , as well as further limitations on the supply of fresh water .
And the fact that warming means more total energy in the atmosphere means we should expect more frequent and more severe storms ; note that this can mean more severe blizzards in the winter as well as more severe hurricanes in the summer .
Rising temperatures will cause sea level will rise .
Even without ice melting , the fact that water expands slightly as it warms may make sea level rise up to about a meter ( 3 feet ) by the end of this century .
The added effect of melting ice could increase sea level much more .
For example , recent data indicate that the Greenland ice sheet is melting much more rapidly than models have predicted .
If this is the case and if it continues , sea level could rise as much as several meters by the end of this century — enough to flood regions populated by hundreds of millions of people worldwide .
And while it ’s highly unlikely that all the polar ice could melt in less than many centuries , remember this fact : Complete melting of the polar ice caps would increase sea level by some 70 meters ( more than 200 feet ) .
In that case , future generations will need deep - sea diving gear to visit places like New York City and San Diego .
Figure 5 .
These maps contrast the extent of the year - round Greenland ice sheet , shown in white , in 1979 and 2012 .
The pink area indicates the region in which at least some surface melting occurred during the warm season .
While this does not mean that the entire ice sheet is at imminent risk of melting into the sea , it does show that melting is occurring at a much greater rate than most scientists had expected , which means sea level may rise more than previous estimates suggested .
As the oceans absorb more carbon dioxide ( an effect that is actually helpful in that it prevents all of our carbon dioxide emissions from remaining in the atmosphere ) , the pH of ocean water becomes more acidic .
The overall effects of this ocean acidification are not yet well - understood , but some studies suggest that they could have devastating consequences not only to ocean species but to the commercial fisheries that are an important part of the global food supply .
Note on geoengineering : Ocean acidification is independent of temperature ; it occurs as long as we keep adding carbon dioxide to the atmosphere , even if the temperature does not go up .
This means it throws a major wrench into proposed “ geoengineering ” schemes that suggest counteracting global warming with such things as spraying sunlight - blocking chemicals into the stratosphere or deploying giant sunshades in space ; while these schemes could possibly slow the warming , they would do nothing about ocean acidification .
: Ocean acidification is independent of temperature ; it occurs as long as we keep adding carbon dioxide to the atmosphere , even if the temperature does not go up .
This means it throws a major wrench into proposed “ geoengineering ” schemes that suggest counteracting global warming with such things as spraying sunlight - blocking chemicals into the stratosphere or deploying giant sunshades in space ; while these schemes could possibly slow the warming , they would do nothing about ocean acidification .
And if all that is not enough to spur you to action , many scientists are concerned that continued global warming could lead to “ tipping points ” that might have even more severe consequences .
For example , changes in regional climates might lead to sudden loss of forests that could amplify other climate effects , and changes in ocean temperature might cause major changes to currents ( including the gulf stream ) that regulate much of the world ’s climate .
Key point for Question 6 : Although there are uncertainties in the short - term ( decades ) consequences of global warming , there is no doubt about the basic underlying science .
If we keep pumping carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases into the atmosphere , Earth will warm up significantly , with all the attending consequences listed above .
Question 7 : OK , sounds bad .
But is there really anything we can do about it ?
After all , even if we eliminated our own carbon dioxide emissions , the rest of the world — especially China and India — will keep emitting more .
Answer :
Whatever happened to the “ can do ” spirit ?
Global warming is a problem that can be solved simply by replacing current energy sources with sources that do n’t release greenhouse gases .
This is not impossible — in a pinch , we could already do it with a combination of sources such as nuclear and renewables , and with a little investment we could tap much greater sources such as solar energy from space , new biofuels , and perhaps even nuclear fusion .
The only missing ingredient is political will .
The truth is , we are now getting our energy cheap because we do n’t pay for the costs of its consequences ( you can find a detailed analysis of these costs and potential replacement energy sources in Chapter 7 of Math for Life ) .
If we factored those costs into the price — through a carbon tax , for example — I ’m confident that the market would quickly find new ways of producing energy at low cost .
And once we found those low - cost alternatives , China , India , and other nations would surely adopt them , since they ’d be both cheaper and cleaner .
After all , they want to survive too …
( For a hilarious commentary on this topic , watch this Colbert video . )
Key point for Question 7 : There is no cause for despair .
The only major obstacle to solving the problem of global warming is the fact that we currently pay artificially low prices for fossil fuels , a result of the fact that users pay only the production costs while we socialize the costs of their consequences across society .
( Yes , our current energy policy is socialism ! )
For those like me who believe strongly in market - based solutions , this implies that a substantial carbon tax might be all it would take to solve this problem and give us clean , cheap , and abundant energy for future generations .
Call your representatives , and tell them the time has come for a carbon tax that accounts for the true costs of fossil fuels .
Bottom Line .
So there you have it .
There ’s very little uncertainty surrounding the entire global warming issue , and what little there is concerns only whether we need to worry immediately or if we can afford to wait a few decades .
In essence , the “ global warming skeptics ” ( at least the ones who are serious scientists ) are arguing that we should bet on the bad consequences taking longer to occur than current models predict , generally in hopes that future technologies might make it cheaper and easier for us to solve the problems in the future than to address them now .
My opinion is that the risks of waiting are too great , and that the skeptics argument is rather like having a doctor tell you not to worry about quitting smoking , since we may find a cure for lung cancer before you die from it .
To help you make up your own mind , I suggest that you take the “ letter to your grandchildren test “ :
On average , no matter what age you are , your grandchildren will be your current age in about 50 to 60 years .
So imagine writing ( or actually write one ! ) a letter like the one below that will be placed in a time capsule for your grandchildren to read in 50 years , telling them what you did to help alleviate global warming , or why you decided that no action was required .
Then ask yourself :
How will they feel about the decisions you made ?
.
There are many great resources available to help you learn more .
I have more extensive discussions of global warming both in Beyond UFOs ( Chapter 6 ) and Math for Life ( Chapter 7 ) , and a child - level discussion in The Wizard Who Saved the World ; I also did a post on the letter to your grandchildren idea .
In addition , here are a few of my favorite web resources :
There they go again …
Confronting the “ Skeptic ” Arguments Dealing with the “ skeptic ” claims that are continually propagated in the media ( especially by Fox News and the Wall Street Journal editorial page [ though the news sections of the WSJ do a great job of covering global warming ] ) is like playing Whack - a - Mole .
Every time a claim is refuted , it pops back up in a slightly different form .
Since I ’ve been dealing with this for a long time , I can assure you that while the case for global warming has only strengthened with time , the “ skeptic ” arguments remain ever the same , just recycled into new forms .
So what can you do when you hear someone claim that global warming is n’t a real problem , or is a hoax ?
First , always go back to the “ global warming 1 - 2 - 3 ” argument at the top of this primer .
To recap :
There is ( 1 ) no doubt that carbon dioxide warms planets , and ( 2 ) no doubt that we are adding carbon dioxide to the atmosphere at a rapid rate .
How could you draw any other conclusion but to expect that our actions will cause global warming ?
Arguing otherwise is like arguing that a ball would fall up if you dropped it from a building — not impossible ( there could be a strong updraft ) , but highly unlikely , and even if an updraft catches it for a while , it ’s still going to fall eventually .
Then , arm yourself with the real facts , which will always undermine the skeptic claims .
How do I know ?
Because the real science just is n’t that hard , as we ’ve seen above , and the skeptics never have anything new to say .
The best resource I ’ve seen for explaining the failings of the skeptic claims is the Skeptical Science page on global warming arguments .
But since you ’re on my page right now , I ’ll give you the facts behind a few of the most common claims :
Let ’s start with one of the most often repeated recent claims – that global warming stopped in the late 1990s .
Well … a look at the graph in Figure 3 above might at first seem to support this claim — but you can also see that 15 years on a graph like this are not enough to establish a trend , and that this period has still been the hottest on record .
Moreover , the apparent slowing is largely a result of one anomalously warm year ( 1998 ) ; if you remove 1998 , it looks like a continuing warming trend .
This fact should be completely clear from the video associated with Figure 3 above , as well as from Figure 6 ( a and b ) below .
Figure 6a .
This graph shows global average temperature data since 1970 .
As you can see , the “ skeptics ” cherry - pick time periods , like the past 15 years or so , to claim that warming has stopped .
But a realistic look shows an ongoing warming trend .
See an animated version of this graph and of a similar graph for sea ice here .
( Note :
These are the same data shown in Figure 3 , except starting from 1970 and shown as a line chart rather than a bar chart . )
Figure 6 b .
This graph ( source ) shows the temperature changes since 1880 plotted as running 5 - year means , and also shows the close correlation with the rising carbon dioxide concentration .
The so - called skeptic camp likes to say that “ science is not done by consensus . ”
While it is true that science must be based on evidence rather than on votes , it is also still the case that science progresses only when the evidence becomes strong enough to lead to widespread acceptance in the scientific community .
For example , Einstein ’s theories might have died a quick death if not for the fact that evidence in support of them soon convinced the vast majority of scientists .
Indeed , when people ask me for a brief statement on the purpose of science , I like to say that science is a way of examining evidence so that people can come to agreement .
The so - called “ consensus ” view of global warming is nothing more sinister than this principle in action :
The basic science and the available data are now so strong that the vast majority of scientists who have examined the issue in detail have become convinced that global warming presents a serious threat to our future .
.
The so - called “ consensus ” view of global warming is nothing more sinister than this principle in action :
The basic science and the available data are now so strong that the vast majority of scientists who have examined the issue in detail have become convinced that global warming presents a serious threat to our future .
Another common claim is that the scientists are ignoring the fact that water vapor is a more important greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide or any of the other gases released by human activity .
This claim starts with a grain of truth : water vapor is indeed the most important greenhouse gas in our atmosphere .
However , the amount of water vapor in the atmosphere is self - regulated by the ocean and atmospheric temperatures .
As a result , water vapor actually has the effect of amplifying any climate changes caused by changes in the concentration of carbon dioxide or other greenhouse gases :
If the addition of other greenhouse gases raises the temperature , ocean evaporation increases , leading to more water vapor and even higher temperatures .
Conversely , if the concentration of other greenhouse gases falls , the temperature drops , leading to less evaporation , less water vapor , and an amplified cooling cycle .
A related claim has to do with the correlation in ice core data between past temperatures and carbon dioxide concentration shown in Figure 2 above .
These data show clearly that the temperature and the carbon dioxide concentration have risen and fallen together over the past million years .
However , the data show that the temperature changes tend to begin first — seemingly the opposite of what you ’d expect if carbon dioxide changes cause temperature changes .
But once you understand the water vapor feedback cycle , it ’s easy to realize what ’s really going on :
Over tens to hundreds of thousands of years , Earth ’s climate goes through cycles of ice ages and warm periods governed largely by small , cyclical changes in Earth ’s orbital and rotational properties .
Once a rise or fall in temperature is initiated through these natural cycles , the temperature change leads to changes both in the water vapor concentration and in the ocean ’s ability to hold carbon dioxide .
The positive feedback that occurs between water vapor and carbon dioxide then causes both temperature and carbon dioxide concentration to rise or fall rapidly .
Moreover , closer examination of the data ( Figure 7 ) show that after the natural cycles initiate the warming , the carbon dioxide concentration does indeed rise before the temperature rises , proving that carbon dioxide is the cause of the the rising temperature .
In other words , the past data actually provide strong evidence not only for causality of carbon dioxide leading to global warming , but also for an amplification process that is likely to make global warming much more severe of a threat than we might otherwise expect .
Figure 7 .
This graph shows a close examination of carbon dioxide concentration ( yellow dots ) and global average temperature ( blue ) during the warming period that began about 20,000 years ago ( “ kyr ” means “ thousands of years ” ) .
As you can see , carbon dioxide rises ahead of the temperature chance , demonstrating that rising carbon dioxide causes rising temperature .
( The red curve is Antarctic temperatures , for which you can see more details at the following source . )
Source : Shakun et al , Nature , 484 , p. 49 - 54 ( 2012 ) .
Another claim that begins with a grain of truth is that Earth has been much warmer in the past than it is now ( we are still in an ice age by long - term standards of millions of years ) , and that this therefore proves both that Earth will be fine if it is warmer and that there are natural ways by which the temperature will eventually come back down .
True enough , but irrelevant to the current situation .
The fact that Earth has been much warmer in the past does not alter the fact that the warming process will mean great changes in sea level , local climates , and ecosystems — changes that could have severe consequences for our civilization .
And while it is true that Earth has a natural cycle that self - regulates the climate ( it is usually called the carbon dioxide cycle , and you ’ll find it explained in my book Beyond UFOs , Chapter 6 ) , this cycle operates over a time scale of hundreds of thousands of years .
In other words , even if we completely wreck the planet through global warming , the planet will recover on its own — a few hundred thousand years from now .
Nice to know , but irrelevant to the time scales that matter to our current civilization .
Additional note : Based on some questions I ’ve received , I should clarify the difference between global warming as a threat to our species and as a threat to our civilization .
As a species , the question is whether global warming poses a threat of extinction , and the answer is almost certainly no ;
Homo sapiens have survived much warmer climates in the past , and presumably could do so again .
But most of us care not just about the survival of our species , but of the survival of our own families , our nations , and our civilization .
Our civilization today is a deeply interconnected system supporting some 7 billion people — far more than Earth could support without technology , trade , and other aspects of what we call “ civilization . ”
We have developed this civilization in the climate that exists today .
Could we adapt in principle to a much warmer world ?
Sure — but we ’d have to move and rebuild all the coastal cities , change the places and ways in which we do agriculture , and reshuffle the geopolitical map to accommodate the new reality .
Moreover , if the projections are correct , we ’d have to do all this in less than about a century or two .
I do n’t think we could pull it off without plunging into wars and other terrible problems .
And even if we could pull it off , it would be far more expensive than simply dealing with the problem of carbon dioxide emissions , which we could solve right now with a little political willpower .
One more “ skeptic ” claim that began with a kernel of truth is the claim that satellite data about atmospheric temperatures contradict data showing that Earth is warming .
It ’s true that there was once some controversy over these data , but the apparent discrepancy has long been resolved ( in essence , the discrepancy was traced to errors in the data calibration , and once those were understood the discrepancy went away ) .
For a summary of how both scientific sides came to agreement this issue , see Science Magazine , 12 May 2006 , p. 825 .
And then there ’s the claims that have no basis in kernels of truth at all , and instead are just plain ridiculous .
For example :
Here ’s a recent one that shows the lengths to which otherwise - respected media sources will go :
The Wall Street Journal ran a long op - ed by Matt Ridley claiming that even a doubling of carbon dioxide would not cause warming of more than 1.2°C .
But look at Figure 2 above :
You ’ll see that while natural variations over the past 800,000 years never caused the carbon dioxide concentration to rise more than about 50 % , the temperature rose in some cases by more than 8°C .
Clearly , if your “ model ” shows something that disagrees with actual data , the actual data win .
How can an otherwise - respected newspaper publish such nonsense ?
Here ’s one that assumes we ’re all young :
People who claim that back in the 1970s , the scientific consensus was that we were headed for global cooling and an ice age – a “ fact ” the hoax camp uses to support their claim that you ca n’t trust the scientific consensus today , either .
However , this “ fact ” simply is n’t true .
Perhaps the people stating this untrue “ fact ” are just confused , since by the ’70s we had learned that we are currently in an “ interglacial ” period following the last ice age ( suggesting that we might be “ due ” for another ice age ) and data showed ( and still do ) a slight global cooling during the mid-20th century .
But with a few exceptions , scientists already recognized this cooling as an aberration , unrelated to long - term ice age cycles , and that the real issue for the future would be global warming .
I know this from my own experience , since my ’70s science classes were already discussing global warming as the serious concern .
If you want more proof , just look back at scientific publications from the 1970s .
There are many examples , but here ’s one to start with :
The summary of an article published in Science Magazine , 8 August 1975 , p. 460 , states : “ … the exponential rise in the atmospheric carbon dioxide content will tend to become a significant factor and by early in the next century will have driven the mean planetary temperature beyond the limits experienced during the last 1000 years . ”
The so - called skeptics love to repeat their claims of discrediting the “ hockey stick graph ” – a graph of data showing that global temperatures are now higher than at any time in the past thousand years .
But their claims are simply not true .
As you can see in Figure 8 below , more than a dozen separate research studies have looked carefully at the data and the conclusion , and all reaffirm the basic fact that temperatures today are certainly higher than at any time in the past 400 years and likely higher than anytime in the past 1,000 years .
Indeed , based on a request from Congress , the National Research Council ( NRC ) investigated the “ hockey stick ” graph and found it valid ( you can read the NRC report summary or order the full report here ) .
This is a sad example of the close - mindedness of the “ skeptics ” — no matter how much data accumulates to the contrary , they are unwilling to revise their beliefs .
Figure 8 .
The “ hockey stick ” graph gets it name because it looks kind of like a hockey stick laying on the ground with its tip pointing up at the right .
Here , we see numerous data sets all showing the same basic fact : Temperatures have indeed risen in recent years to become higher than they have been in the past 1000 years .
Click here for additional details and source data .
For an extreme example of the lengths to which some people will go to dispute something that is really indisputable , here ’s a quote from Rush Limbaugh : “ I ’m not a scientist – in my common man way , I explained to this caller why I do not believe in global warming .
I gave as my primary belief that I believe in God … .
I ’m saying as a believer of a loving God and a God of Creation , that there is a complexity to all this that makes it work ; that we cannot understand ; that we cannot really control ; that we cannot destroy , and that we really can’t alter in its massive complexity . ”
So there you have it :
If you believe that God has set things up so that it ’s impossible for us to do anything bad to our planet , then you have nothing at all to worry about .
But if you believe that God gave us free choice and helps those who help themselves , then we ’d better get to work .
Finally , here is what planetary scientist ( and co-author of my astronomy texts )
Nick Schneider calls “ the four levels of denial ” for global warming :
Level 1 : “ The Earth is not warming up . ” ( denying the data )
Level 2 : “ It ’s warming up , but it ’s natural . ” ( denying the cause )
Level 3 : “ It ’s warming up , humans are causing it , but it ’s actually beneficial . ” ( denying the consequences )
Level 4 : “ It ’s warming up , humans are causing it , it ’s harmful , but it ’s too expensive to solve . ” ( denying responsibility )
Do n’t you think it ’s time to get out of denial ?
Yes , it ’s official .
I ’ve been bitten by the arcade bug .
It ’s a pretty serious case , too .
My recent mini-excursion to the fan arcade at MAGFest has definitely planted the seed of evil .
But now …. what to do about it ?
Ever since I was a young geek , I ’ve dreamed of owning my own arcade machine .
Back in the land of 1985 — when you could n’t turn on the radio without hearing a Wham ! or Tears for Fears song — I could barely see the screens on most arcade cabinets .
It was n’t because of my age .
It was mostly because of my size .
I was consistently one of the shortest in my age range up until about my sophomore year in high school .
But 1985 is probably when I was able to play my first upright cabinet arcade game .
Until then , I could only play Pole Position if my older , 9 - year - old sister would let me sit on her lap to reach the gas pedal and steering wheel at the same time .
But back then arcades were hot .
The quality of games in the arcades was double or even triple that of what you ’d experience at home on your atari 2600 or if you were lucky enough to be an early adopter , your NES .
Throughout our entire childhood , whenever my brother and I heard we would be going to the mall , we ’d get excited .
Like any other kid , we dreaded at the possibility that my mother was about to take us back - to - school shopping and we’d be forced to try on pair after pair of pants .
But we knew there was a slim chance that we might be granted freedom to sneak away into the dark corners of the Space Port — the name of the local arcade — and waste a few precious dollars playing some truly amazing video games like N.A.R.C. , Aliens , Contra , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , Street Fighter II , Zaxxon , Popeye , Altered Beast , Double Dragon , and Elevator Action .
The pros definitely outweighed the cons .
That ’s actually a lesson my wife learned about me fairly quickly : the memory of shopping trips , no matter how dreadful , can almost always be washed away by some quality gaming time .
As time went by , the graphical capabilities on home consoles caught up with what was available in the arcades .
People found fewer and fewer reasons to visit arcades as developers were dumping more and more money into the home console line - up .
And now , sadly arcades are almost extinct , with a few decent ones scattered around the U.S. in bowling alleys and movie theater waiting areas .
And most of the games you find in them are either broken , or just plain suck .
But all this time my desire for my very own arcade machine has never been sated .
It has been quieted for a while , but now it has reawakened inside the elder geek that I am .
So what am I going to do ?
I ’m officially starting my quest to make my own MAME arcade machine .
I ’ve already run the idea by The Bear ( my wife ) and she ’s ok with the idea .
Right now she is .
I ’ll see again when it comes time for me to start hauling lumber through our living room .
We ’re both in agreement that this is n’t going to happen overnight for a variety of reasons .
First of all , it ’s hellishly expensive .
Secondly , I have n’t quite figured out where the hell I ’d put it .
And finally , when I do it , I ’m going to do it as cheaply as I can , make it look the best I can , and customize it the best I can .
As a friend said to me earlier today , “ if you ’re going to get weird with it , get weird with it . ”
So …. yea… .
I ’m gonna get weird with it .
I already have an old laptop I ’m willing to give to the cause , and I ’m hoping to toss a 360 in there too .
Maybe some LED back - lit buttons and joysticks .
Who knows ?
It ’s a huge undertaking .
I know .
And that ’s why I ’m going to do my best to take my time with it so I do n’t blow a fortune or make something I ’ll regret .
The stability of the project is tenuous at best .
And to be honest , I have n’t mapped out my plan of attack yet , either .
Personally , I ’m not a terrible carpenter , but I do n’t have a workspace , so creating my own cabinet from scratch might be out of the question .
Some pre-fabricated cabinets look pretty great , but they can get pricey .
Or do I want to take an older cabinet from some crappy game no one has ever heard of , sand it down , and refinish it ?
Do I want it to look semi-classy so I do n’t embarrass my wife ( Lord knows I ’ll never be embarrassed by it ) or do I want to go gaudy , authentic and yellow like the old Pac - Man machines or that weird shade of blue of the old Donkey Kong machines ?
I ’m still weighing the pros and cons of using an LCD screen installing an older CRT screen .
LCD screen will look fantastic on newer games .
It ’ll be cheaper and lighter , but a lot of the older games will look like crap in emulation .
I could also probably sneak off with a less bulky upright arcade cabinet if I go the LCD route .
CRT screens will have everything looking pretty , except the absolutely newest titles , but they ’re heavy as all hell .
They ’re getting more and more expensive as times goes by .
Plus , they can literally kill you with the voltage those suckers crank out .
Then it comes to wiring .
Again , I ’m not terrible with electricity , but I ’ve never wired my own joystick before .
How tough could this all get ?
I ’m sure the answer is “ surprisingly tough , Randy . ”
So , I ’ve been doing a lot of reading and a lot of watching other people build their own machines .
I thought this would be a great place to share the resources I found with all of you in case you decide to start this same undertaking that I am about to go through .
If I come across any other great finds , I ’ll be sure to drop them in a future editor ’s note .
MAME ( Multiple Arcade Machine Emulator )
MAMEWAH ( customizable multiple emulator made for cabinet set ups )
Maximum PC ’s “ How to Build a Kick - Ass MAME Arcade Cabinet from an Old PC ”
Systm ’s four - part video series “ The Month of MAME . ”
The Story of the Cabinet Built in 24 Hours
When MAME cabinets go bad ( inspiration to not suck )
So there you have it .
I ’m officially going to try .
Any of you Elder - Geeks pull this off before ?
Any tips anyone would like to share ?
If you or your uncle ’s cousin ’s cousin has some gear they ’d like to donate to the cause , drop me an email and let me know .
If the project starts to violently veer off path and my product starts looking like an abomination tossed aside by God , do you think you ’ll hear from me about this again ?
Fuck no !
I ’ll pretend this posting never happened !
For now , I have to get back to being an editor .
Later .
Randy
*** Update 2-7- 11 : some of the pictures broked themselves , so I moved them all over to google where LJ can't EAT my files whenever the hell it feels like it .
Apologies to anyone who could n't find this today while it was down .
Enjoy !
Again !
And thanks for all the lurve :) <3
Screencaps courtesy of LeaveMetheWhite.com
1. I really am THAT bored at work sometimes .
2. LOLTrek is really goddamned funny .
3 . My jelly beans escaped .
Ladies and gentlemen , I give you :
Iraqi officials and relatives of 17 Iraqis who were killed in a crowded Baghdad square in September 2007 in an allegedly unprovoked shooting spree by Blackwater private security guards reacted with fury today to the decision by a US federal judge to dismiss all charges against five of the guards .
A spokesman for the Iraqi government said the collapse of the case in the US courts would lead to an intensified criminal prosecution of Blackwater through the Iraqi legal system .
Ali al - Dabbagh said the criminal suit was already well advanced against the firm , which would not be allowed to restart its private military work in the country .
" The government will monitor proceedings against Blackwater in Iraqi courts to prosecute the company and will preserve the rights of Iraqi citizens , of the victims and their families affected by this crime , " he said .
Abdul Wahab Abdul Kader , 35 , who was shot in the arm , said he was bitterly disappointed .
" " I call for the government to stop all foreign security companies working in Iraq .
Their work here has been full of dangers for us and has caused real peril . "
Haitham Ahmed , whose wife and son were killed , said the dismissal of the case cast doubt on the integrity of the US justice system .
He told Associated Press : " The whole thing has been a farce .
The rights of our victims and the rights of the innocent people should not be wasted . "
The shooting , on 16 September 2007 , caused outrage around the world and strained relations between the US and Iraq .
A series of congressional hearings was held , and militant groups leapt on the bloodshed as evidence of US brutality .
Blackwater was expelled from most of its key contracts in Iraq and forced into a major damage - limitation exercise that included rebranding itself Xe Ltd .
The incident began when a heavily armed Blackwater convoy moved into a busy square in Baghdad , after breaking an order to stay in the US - controlled green zone of the city , prosecutors allege .
The five were accused of opening fire with automatic weapons and grenade launchers on unarmed civilians , killing children , women and men attempting to flee in their cars .
One victim was alleged to have been shot in the chest while standing with his hands in the air .
Defence lawyers said they had been responding to an earlier car bombing and were attacked by Iraqis they believed to be enemy insurgents .
In his 90 - page ruling , Judge Ricardo Urbina made no comment on the legality or otherwise of the shooting .
He dismissed the case on the grounds that the five had had their constitutional rights violated by the way confession statements they had made had been used by the prosecution .
The statements were made when the men were under threat of losing their jobs if they did not cooperate with investigators .
The US government had promised that their statements would not be used against them in a criminal case .
Urbina said that despite this immunity deal , the statements had been used , thus tainting the investigation .
He said the government 's case had been " contradictory , unbelievable and lacking in credibility " .
If convicted , the five guards , all of whom were former US military personnel , would have faced a 30 - year sentence .
" It feels like the weight of the world has been lifted off his shoulders , " said Steven McCool , a lawyer for one of the five , Donald Ball .
" Here 's a guy that 's a decorated war hero who we maintain should never have been charged in the first place . "
The legal fate of a sixth guard , Jeremy Ridgeway , is now unclear .
He pleaded guilty to killing one Iraqi and wounding another , and gave evidence against his five former Blackwater colleagues .
Xe said that the dismissal of the case meant " we can move forward and continue to assist the US in its mission to help the people of Iraq and Afghanistan find a peaceful , democratic future " .
However , relatives have lodged civil charges against the five in the Virginian courts .
Tareq Harb , an Iraqi lawyer , said of the US federal court : " They did not call local witnesses , or victims , or officials who responded to the scene .
The guards were protected under Bremer 's law [ US administrator in Iraq before 2004 ] .
There was no due process , or natural justice . "
During the Little Ice Age ( LIA ; covering approximately the fifteenth through the eighteenth centuries ) , northern South America experienced about 10 percent more rainfall than during the twentieth century , according to Reuter et al .
The authors analyzed two new records of oxygen isotopes ( which track precipitation levels ) from cave formations in northeastern Peru .
They attribute the higher rainfall in northern South America during the LIA to cooler spring sea surface temperatures in the tropical North Atlantic .
Furthermore , the authors note that some studies have shown that during the twentieth century , a significant amount of rainfall variability in northern South America was related to the El Niño - Southern Oscillation ( ENSO ) , with higher rainfall occurring during La Niña conditions .
However , the authors determine that the ENSO was probably not as significant an influence on rainfall during that time period as it is now .
The authors suggest that the results point to a need to reevaluate some ideas about hydroclimate change over South America during the past millennia .
The research is published in Geophysical Research Letters .
Authors : Justin Reuter , Lowell Stott , and Deborah Khider : Department of Earth Sciences , University of Southern California , Los Angeles , California , USA ; Ashish Sinha : Department of Earth Sciences , California State University , Carson , California , USA ; and Hai Cheng and R. Lawrence Edwards : Department of Geology and Geophysics , University of Minnesota , Minneapolis , Minnesota , USA .
TRENTON --
The New Jersey Assembly today approved a bill legalizing medical marijuana by a vote of 48 - 14 .
Before the vote , Assemblyman Reed Gusciora ( D - Mercer ) , a bill sponsor , said he believes the legislation will satisfy Gov.- elect Chris Christie , who expressed concerns about the drug 's availability under the proposal , and serve as a model for other states .
" This will be the strictest medical marijuana law in the nation , " he said .
" We have a good bill that will be very strict and will not decriminalize marijuana , but will allow doctors to prescribe the best treatment for their patients . "
The Senate will vote on the bill later today .
Roseanne Scotti , director of Drug Policy Alliance New Jersey , said the measure would make the state medical marijuana law the only one in the nation to ban home growing of the plant .
The original bill allowed up to six plants grown at home .
Despite the compromise , she added that the more restrictive legislation is at least a step toward getting medical relief for patients .
" There will be some patients who will be able to get some relief , " she said .
" We think once the program 's up and running and people see that there are n't problems , we 'll be able to go back and get in some more of our patients . "
" One of the biggest things is just fear of arrest , the constant fear on top of all the issues their dealing with with their severe medical conditions , " Scotti added .
" But at any time , they could be arrested , they could lose their homes , they could lose their business , it 's appalling . "
A group of proponents held a Statehouse news conference earlier today to urge lawmakers to pass the bill .
" I 'm so excited to be able to be alive and to be here for this moment , " said Diane Riportella , 53 , of Egg Harbor Township .
Riportella was diagnosed with Lou Gehrig 's disease in September of 2007 , and was given a life expectancy of two to five years .
She said the only medication that works instantly to ease her pain is marijuana .
" Within a few seconds , I 'm relaxed and I 'm smiling and I go to Disneyland just for a few minutes and say ' It 's not so bad , I can live another day , ' " Riportella said .
Mike Oliveri , who suffers from muscular dystrophy , moved from his home in Oradell , Bergen County , to California in November of 2008 to get access to marijuana legally .
Oliveri said he inhales about a quarter pound of marijuana a month using a vaporizer , which eases the pain just slightly in his legs and his back and also calms his stomach .
" I took every medication known to man before I took weed , " said Oliveri , 25 , who bought marijuana illegally before moving to Los Angeles .
" I knew it was a risk … but it was a life or death matter . "
New Jersey state Assembly approved medical marijuana bill
By Trish G. Graber and Susan K. Livio / Statehouse Bureau
Related coverage
• N.J. lawmakers return to Trenton to debate on bills in lame - duck session
• Ill Somerset County man found not guilty of operating marijuana facility
• Inside Jersey magazine : Medical marijuana bill gains momentum in New Jersey
George W. Bush rescued the economy from collapse , according to Karen Hughes .
Bush ’s former campaign director attacked President Barack Obama on NBC Sunday , defending the record of her former boss on the economy .
Speaking about Obama ’s successes , journalist Mark Halperin praised the current president ’s handling of the economy .
“ He ’s done , I think , an extraordinary job running the government under difficult circumstances .
He managed the economic crisis , kept the world from going into depression , ” said Halperin .
ADVERTISEMENT
But Hughes quickly took objection to Halperin ’s assessment .
“ I have to disagree with you , Mark , about rescuing the economy , ” she said .
“ I think that happened before President Bush left office when they took the action that they did on TARP and the banks have now repaid much of that money but that ’s what stabilized the economy and prevented the collapse of the financial system . ”
Hughes proudly carried the torch for the forgetful right - wing Sunday .
“ 2009 was the year of the greatest anxiety I ’ve ever seen among the American people , ” she claimed .
“ People were worried , they felt they were at the whim of these big forces beyond their control , ” she pointed out .
Of course , before Bush launched the invasion of Iraq , anti-war activists held the largest single day of demonstrations in world history on Feb. 15 , 2003 .
Bush responded that he would n’t listen to special interests and the US military has been in Iraq ever since .
Upon entering the paid speaking tour market last fall , Bush drew harsh criticism for insisting the marketplace is “ fair . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The marketplace works , ” Bush remarked .
“ It is fair .
It is equitable .
It is a fair form of democracy . ”
Looks like now Hughes is trying to help keep his motivational speaking schedule booked .
This video is from NBC ’s Meet the Press , broadcast Jan. 17 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
( 1871 ) Sci-fi ( Utopian )
R : * * *
Plot bullets
A man descends a mine , into a new world inside the Earth .
The people of this world are advanced and powerful but not aggressive .
They learn of the violent , backward race above , and they fear interaction .
They feel that they must prevent the man from returning to his world .
The upper world must never know of them .
There are some who feel differently .
A young girl falls in love with the stranger .
It is just a matter of time , before the two societies meet .
It is a matter of time , before the surface world must deal with , The Coming Race .
AN international pilot tried to settle a debate with his wife about circumcision by taking photos of naked boys at a popular Brisbane park on Australia Day , a court has been told .
Glenn Anthony Armstrong , 47 , was arrested at South Bank Parklands yesterday after he was allegedly spotted taking a photo of a naked three - year - old boy being changed by his parents , the Brisbane Magistrates Court was told today .
When police located Mr Armstrong , a Perth - based pilot for V Australia , they allegedly found about 50 photos of naked boys on his camera .
He allegedly told police he was " obsessed with circumcision " and had taken the photos to demonstrate to his wife that more boys were uncircumcised than circumcised .
Mr Armstrong was charged with one count of indecent treatment of a child under 12 .
The father - of - two appeared in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today where he was granted bail upon providing a $ 5000 surety .
The matter will next be mentioned in February .
These little beauties from Ireland really do offer a genuine taste of Ireland , just as they satiate your chocolate and cream cravings ...
And Guinness and Baileys too !
With their lively mix of Guinness and Baileys , just one taste will tell you that they ’re a little triumph of the cake makers ' art .
Read more : Warm and indulgent Guinness gingerbread recipe
How to make Guinness and Baileys Irish cupcakes for St. Patric ...
Want to wow your St. Patrick 's Day guest ?
Try our readers ' favorite recipe .
Guinness and Baileys Irish cupcake .
Get the details here : http://irsh.us/2lTzxIr
Posted by IrishCentral.com on Monday , March 13 , 2017
Guinness and Baileys Irish cupcake recipe
Ingredients
Serving : 24 cupcakes
1 cup stout ( Guinness )
16 tbsp . unsalted butter
¾ cup unsweetened cocoa powder
2 cups all - purpose flour
2 cups sugar
1½ tsp. baking soda
¾ tsp. salt
2 large eggs
2/3 cup sour cream
Read more :
Out of this world Guinness and Jameson ice cream float recipe
For the Baileys ganache filling :
8 oz . bittersweet chocolate , finely chopped
2/3 cup heavy cream
2 tbsp . butter , at room temperature
2 tsp. Baileys Irish cream
For the Baileys buttercream frosting :
8 tbsp . unsalted butter , at room temperature
3 - 4 cups confectioners ’ sugar , sifted
4 - 8 tbsp .
Bailey 's Irish cream
This recipe is from the wonderful food website Annie's Eats
Method
To make the cupcakes , preheat the oven to 350° F .
Line two cupcake pans with paper liners .
Combine the stout and butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat .
Add the cocoa powder and whisk until smooth .
Remove from the heat and allow to cool slightly .
In a large mixing bowl , combine the flour , sugar , baking soda and salt .
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment , beat together the eggs and sour cream to blend .
Add the stout - butter mixture and beat just to combine .
Mix in the dry ingredients on low speed just until incorporated .
Divide the batter evenly between the cupcake liners , filling them about 2/3 to ¾ full .
Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean , about 17 minutes .
Allow to cool in the pan for 5 - 10 minutes , then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely .
To make the ganache filling , place the chocolate in a heatproof bowl .
Heat the cream in a small saucepan until simmering , then pour it over the chocolate .
Let sit for one minute and then whisk until smooth .
If the chocolate is not completely melted , place the bowl over a double boiler or give it a very short blast in the microwave ( 15 - 20 seconds ) .
Add the butter and Baileys and stir until combined .
Set aside to let the ganache cool until it is thick enough to be piped .
( You can use the refrigerator to speed the cooling process , but be sure to stir every 10 minutes or so to ensure even cooling . )
Meanwhile , cut out a portion from the center of the cupcake using the cone method ( a small paring knife works best for this ) .
Once the ganache has reached the correct consistency , transfer it to a piping bag fitted with a wide tip and pipe it into the cupcakes .
To make the frosting , place the butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment .
Beat on medium - high speed until light and fluffy , about 2 - 3 minutes .
Gradually add the powdered sugar until it is all incorporated .
Mix in the Baileys until smooth .
Add more if necessary until the frosting has reached a good consistency for piping or spreading .
Frost the cupcakes as desired .
Bon appetite !
Read more : Indulgent recipe for chocolate Guinness cookies with Baileys frosting
* This recipe is from the wonderful food website Annie 's Eats .
Throughout June , IrishCentral is celebrating Irish food !
You can follow the whole story on social media by searching for # FoodMyMammyMade and #ICFood .
You can keep up to date with all our Food and Drink stories here or never miss a recipe by checking out our dedicated topic page here .
* Originally published in 2010 .
Advertisements
Personal question :
What do you do when you hear a claim that not only is blatantly false , but which many Americans still believe anyway ?
If it involves something you ’re drinking coming out of your nose , put down the coffee .
The constant carping about “ liberal activist judges ” is just such a claim .
You know the drill – left wing judges “ overturning the will of the people , disregarding the Constitution and [ holding ] a soft stance on crime , never mind that the will of the people is irrelevant , and a stance on anything is ( or should be ) forbotten .
Judges merely interpret ( or should merely interpret ) what others have written , be it a constitution , law or contract .
If you do not like the result , do n’t blame the judge – blame whoever drafted the document .
Justice Brennen , in a 1987 radio interview eloquently stated this principle in response to a complaint about liberal activist judges letting off “ creeps ” on “ technicalit[ies ] ” :
Advertisements
“ You and the media ought to be ashamed of yourself to call the provisions and the guarantees of the Bill of Rights technicalities .
They ’re not .
We are what we are because we have those guarantees , and this Court exists to see that they are faithfully enforced .
These guarantees have to be sustained — even though the immediate result is to help out some very unpleasant person .
They ’re there to protect all of us . ”
In contrast , for a perfect example of genuine judicial activism , look no further than the case of Hillary – the Movie , officially known as Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , only instead of so - called liberal activists , this merely represents the most recent example of blatant activism committed by the ultraconservative five - justice majority of the United States Supreme Court .
In 1998 , Congress published a report on the 1996 elections in which it “ concluded that the soft - money loophole [ in campaign finance laws ] had led to a meltdown of the campaign finance system . ”
The subsequent Bipartisan Campaign Reform
Act of 2002 , aka the McCain - Feingold Act sought to close those loopholes .
Among other things , McCain - Feingold bars certain electioneering communications paid for by corporations or labor unions .
It also bans electioneering communications within 30 days of a primary .
“ Electioneering communications ” are ads actually supporting or attacking a specific candidate disguised as an issue ad or discussion , in an attempt to skirt McCain - Feingold prohibitions .
The Supreme Court recently upheld the constitutionality of McCain - Feingold in McConnell v. Federal Election Commission ( 2003 )
There , as in numerous others cases over the last 100 years , the Court upheld congressional authority to regulate corporate expenditures in federal elections because “ [ t ] here is substantial evidence . . . to support Congress ’ determination that such contributions . . . give rise to corruption and the appearance of corruption . ”
This means , for example , that a corporation may not air an ad attacking a specific presidential candidate within 30 days of a primary .
Citizens United , a nonprofit organization attempted exactly that .
It produced Hillary – the Movie , and sought to televise it in January , 2008 , within 30 days of a primary .
When the FEC blocked it from being aired , Citizens United responded that the film is just a 90 - minute “ documentary ” of Hillary Clinton ’s career .
Here ’s a small sampling of quotes from the narrator and others , including the likes of Ann Coulter and Dick Morris .
Innocent documentary or attack ad – you decide :
“ She is steeped in controversy , steeped in sleaze , that ’s why they do n’t want us to look at her record . ”
“ I think we are at a very critical time in this country .
I can tell you beyond a shadow of a doubt that uh , the Hillary Clinton that I know is not equipped , not qualified to be our commander in chief . ”
“ [ T ] his vote comes down to one thing : liberty .
Do you believe in liberty or do n’t you ?
Economic liberty , free speech , protecting our borders , protecting our country from terrorism - the issue is liberty . ”
”
We must n’t be lolled into a state of security and complacency by the new found moderation that she likes to talk about .
And we must never forget the fundamental danger that this woman [ poses ] to every value that we hold dear . ”
If you think that sounds like an attack add , you ’re not alone .
A three - judge panel of the federal District Court in Washington D.C. agreed .
Citizens United appealed that decision to the Supreme Court on the narrow question of whether the First Amendment permits the government to regulate this “ feature - length documentary film about a political candidate . ”
In other words , Citizens United did not claim the entire law was unconstitutional .
It merely challenged whether the law could reach so far as to restrict the airing of its pleasant little documentary .
The FEC ’s position is that the movie is a 90 - minute attack ad , and its funding and timing are precisely what Congress prohibited so corporations could not buy elections .
A decision was expected sometime last summer .
In June , however , the Court shocked everyone by redefining the issue , calling for more briefing , and scheduling another round of arguments .
The issue this time : Should prior cases , including McConnell , be overturned , and should all McCain - Feingold restrictions on soft - money electioneering be declared unconstitutional ?
Huh ?
Neither party had questioned the law ’s constitutionality , only its application in this narrow circumstance .
The U.S. Constitution only authorizes federal courts to address actual cases and controversies .
Without this limitation , nothing would prevent activist judges from deciding they do n’t like a law , and wiping it off the books – even where no one is challenging the law .
Only the most blatantly activist court would decide , entirely on its own , that a law might be unconstitutional , despite its contrary conclusions just six years earlier , and compel one party who never challenged its constitutionality to attack it , and the other party to defend it .
Yet , that ’s precisely what ’s happening here .
And it ai n’t the liberals .
The case was re-argued in September .
We ’ll find out any Monday now whether the five justices appointed by Republican presidents are willing to take this unprecedented step .
Stay tuned .
readFile :: FilePath -> IO String -- read in a file
-- read in a file
writeFile :: FilePath -> String -> IO ( ) -- write out a file
-- write out a file
getArgs :: IO [ String ] -- get the command line arguments , from the module System .
Environment
-- get the command line arguments , from the module System .
Environment
putStrLn :: String -> IO ( ) -- write out a string , followed by a new line , to the console
main :: IO ()
main = do
src <- readFile " file.in "
writeFile " file.out " ( operate src )
operate :: String ->
String
operate = ... -- your code here
file.in
file.out
main :: IO ()
main = do
x1 <- expr1
x2 <- expr2
...
xN <- exprN
return ()
do
x I <- exprI
return ()
x I <- return ( exprI )
main :: IO ()
main = do
[ arg1 , arg2 ] <- getArgs
src <- read
File arg1
res <- return ( operate src )
_ <- write
File arg2 res
return ()
_ <-
_ <- x can be rewritten as x .
If the penultimate line does n't have a binding arrow ( <- ) and is of type IO ( ) , then the return ( ) can be removed .
x <- return y can be rewritten as let x = y ( provided you do n't reuse variable names ) .
main :: IO ()
main = do
[ arg1 , arg2 ] <- getArgs
src <- read
File arg1
let res = operate src
write
File arg2 res
title :: String -> IO ()
title str = do
putStrLn str
putStrLn ( replicate ( length str ) '-')
putStrLn " "
main :: IO ()
main = do
title " Hello "
title " Goodbye "
return x
readArgs :: IO ( String , String )
readArgs = do
xs <- getArgs
let x1 = if length xs > 0 then xs !!
0 else " file.in "
let x2 = if length xs > 1 then xs !!
1 else " file.out "
return ( x1,x2 )
main :: IO ()
main = do
( arg1, arg2 ) <- readArgs
src <- read
File arg1
let res = operate src
write
File arg2 res
main :: IO ()
main = do
xs <- getArgs
if null xs then do
putStrLn " You entered no arguments "
else do
putStrLn ( " You entered " ++ show xs )
main :: IO ()
main = do
let x = title " Welcome "
x
x
x
x <-
x
replicateM_ :: Int -> IO ( ) -> IO ()
replicateM_ n act = do
if n == 0 then do
return ()
else do
act
replicateM_ ( n - 1 ) act
main :: IO ()
main = do
let x = title " Welcome "
replicateM_ 3 x
sequence_ :: [ IO ( ) ] -> IO ()
sequence_ xs = do
if null xs then do
return ()
else do
head xs
sequence_ ( tail xs )
return ()
head xs
replicateM_ :: Int -> IO ( ) -> IO ()
replicateM_ n act = sequence_ ( replicate n act )
sequence_ :: [ IO ( ) ] -> IO ()
sequence_ xs =
if null xs then
return ()
else do
head xs
sequence_ ( tail xs )
sequence_ :: [ IO ( ) ] -> IO ()
sequence_ [ ] = return ()
sequence_ ( x:xs ) = do
x
sequence_ xs
main :: IO ()
main = do
xs <- getArgs
sequence_ ( map operateFile xs )
operateFile :: FilePath -> IO ()
operateFile x = do
src <- read
File x
writeFile ( x ++ " .out " ) ( operate src )
operate :: String ->
String
operate = ...
Write lots of Haskell code .
Read chapters 8 and 9 of Programming in Haskell by Graham Hutton .
You should expect to spend about 6 hours thinking and contemplating on sections 8.1 to 8.4 ( I recommend going to a hospital A&E department with a minor injury ) .
Read Monads as Containers , an excellent introduction to monads .
Look at the documentation on the monad laws , and find where I 've used them in this tutorial .
Read through all the functions in Control .
Monad , try to define them , and then use them when writing programs .
Implement and use a state monad .
This tutorial explains how to perform IO in Haskell , without attempting to give any understanding of monads .
We start with the simplest example of IO , then build up to more complex examples .
You can either read the tutorial to the end , or stop at the end of any section - each additional section will let you tackle new problems .
We assume basic familiarity with Haskell , such as the material covered in chapters 1 to 6 of Programming in Haskell by Graham Hutton
In this tutorial I use four standard IO functions :
The simplest useful form of IO is to read a file , do something , then write out a file .
This program gets the contents of , runs the operate function on it , then writes the result to .
The main function contains all the IO operations , while operate is entirely pure .
When writing operate you do not need to understand any details of IO .
This pattern of IO was sufficient for my first two years of programming Haskell .
If the pattern described in Simple IO is insufficient , the next step is a list of actions .
A main function can be written as : The main function starts with , then has a sequence ofstatements , and ends with .
Each statement has a pattern on the left of the arrow ( often just a variable ) , and an expression on the right .
If the expression is not of type IO , then you must write .
The return function takes a value , and wraps it in the IO type .
As a simple example we can write a program that gets the command line arguments , reads the file given by the first argument , operates on it , then writes out to the file given by the second argument :
As before , operate is a pure function .
The first line after the do uses a pattern match to extract the command line arguments .
The second line reads the file specified by the first argument .
The third line uses return to wrap a pure value .
The fourth line provides no useful result , so we ignore it by writing
The action list pattern is very rigid , and people usually simplify the code using the following three rules :
With these rules we can rewrite our example as : So far only the main function has been of type IO , but we can create other IO functions , to wrap up common patterns .
For example , we can write a utility function to print nice looking titles :
We can use this title function multiple times within main :
The functions we 've written so far have all been of type IO ( ) , which lets us perform IO actions , but not give back interesting results .
To give back the value x , we writeas the final line of the do block .
Unlike the imperative language return statement , this return must be on the final line .
This function returns the first two command line arguments , or supplies default values if fewer arguments are given .
We can now use this in the main program from before :
Now , if less than two arguments are given , the program will use default file names instead of crashing .
So far we 've only seen a static list of IO statements , executed in order .
Using if , we can choose what IO to perform .
For example , if the user enters no arguments we can tell them :
For optional IO you make the final statement of the do block an if , then under each branch continue the do .
The only subtle point is that the else must be indented by one more space than the if .
This caveat is widely considered to be a bug in the definition of Haskell , but for the moment , the extra space before the else is required .
If you 've gone from understanding no IO to this point in the tutorial , I suggest you take a break ( a cookie is recommended ) .
The IO presented above is all that imperative languages provide , and is a useful starting point .
Just as functional programming provides much more powerful ways of working with functions by treating them as values , it also allows IO to be treated as values , which we explore in the rest of the tutorial .
The next stage is to work with IO as values .
Until now , all IO statements have been executed immediately , but we can also create variables of type IO .
Using our title function from above we can write : Instead of running the IO with , we have placed the IO value in the variable x , without running it .
The type of x is IO ( ) , so we can now writeon a line to execute the action .
By writing the x three times we perform the action three times .
We can also pass IO values as arguments to functions .
In the previous example we ran the IO action three times , but how would we run it fifty times ?
We can write a function that takes an IO action , and a number , and runs the action that number of times :
This definition makes use of optional IO to decide when to stop , and recursion to continue performing the IO .
We can now rewrite the previous example as :
In an imperative language the replicateM_ function is built in as a for statement , but the flexibility of Haskell allows us to define new control flow statements - a very powerful feature .
The replicateM_ function defined in Control .
Monad is like ours , but more general , and can be used instead .
We 've seen IO values being passed as arguments , so it 's natural that we can also put IO in structures such as lists and tuples .
The function sequence_ takes a list of IO actions , and executes each action in turn :
If there are no elements in the list then sequence_ stops , with .
If there are elements in the list then sequence_ gets the first action ( with ) and executes it , then calls sequence_ on the remaining actions .
As before , sequence_ is available in Control .
Monad , but in a more general form .
It is now simple to rewrite replicateM_ in terms of sequence_ : A much more natural definition of sequence_ , rather than using null / head / tail , is to make use of Haskell 's pattern matching .
If there is exactly one statement in a do block , you can remove the do .
Rewriting sequence_ we can eliminate the do after the equals sign , and the do after the then keyword .
Now we can replace the if with pattern matching , without needing to consider the IO :
As a final example , imagine we wish to perform some operation on every file given at the command line .
Using what we have already learnt , we can write : A Haskell program usually consists of an outer IO shell calling pure functions .
In the previous example main and operateFile are part of the IO shell , while operate and everything it uses are pure .
As a general design principle , keep the IO layer small .
The IO layer should concisely perform the necessary IO , then delegate to the pure part .
Use of explicit IO in Haskell is necessary , but should be kept to a minimum - pure Haskell is where the beauty lies .
You should now be equipped to do all the IO you need .
To become more proficient I recommend any of the following :
Conan O'Brien turns up the heat on NBC
Conan O'Brien is negotiating his exit from NBC .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Conan O'Brien took his NBC bosses to task Tuesday and suggested that this could be his last week hosting " The Tonight Show " as negotiations over his reported $ 40 million agreement to leave the network appear to have stalled .
" Hi , I 'm Conan O'Brien , and I 'm just three days away from the biggest drinking binge in history , " the comedian said during the opening monologue of Tuesday night 's broadcast .
O'Brien has been at odds with NBC since the network tried to push " The Tonight Show , " which he has hosted since June , to a later time slot .
The dispute erupted into a weeks - long controversy that has galvanized fans of the show and roiled the entertainment industry .
" Yesterday there were rallies for me in cities across the country , including Chicago , " O'Brien said .
" You can tell things are bad when even Cubs fans feel sorry for you . "
The comments came amid reports that O'Brien is close to signing a $ 40 million deal with NBC to walk away from " The Tonight Show . "
The agreement would bar O'Brien from criticizing NBC , the Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday .
O'Brien acknowledged the reports in his monologue , but proceeded to insult NBC in both English and Spanish .
" Some papers are reporting that I 'm legally prohibited from saying anything bad about NBC , " he said .
" But nobody said anything about speaking in Spanish . "
" NBC esta manejado por hijos de cabras imbeciles que comen dinero y evacuan problemas .
( NBC is run by brainless sons of goats who eat money and crap trouble . ) "
In another colorful jab at the network , O'Brien said " NBC is headed downhill faster than a fat guy chasing a runaway cheese - wheel . "
O'Brien also referred to reports that the negotiations with NBC would strip him of his intellectual property rights to certain characters he created while host of " Late Night . "
" Is n't it great to live in a country where a cigar - smoking dog puppet and a bear that masturbates are considered intellectual property ? ' " the comedian asked rhetorically .
The dispute stems from NBC 's abrupt decision to cancel " The Jay Leno Show , " which had received lukewarm ratings after only three months on the air .
The move would have resulted in Leno hosting a new , half - hour show at 11:35 p.m. ET , followed by " Tonight " with O'Brien at 12:05 a.m .
O'Brien rejected the change and said in a Jan. 12 letter addressed to " People of Earth " that moving the show back would " seriously damage what I consider to be the greatest franchise in the history of broadcasting . "
Loneliness makes cancer ' more likely and deadly '
Doctors know depressed cancer patients have poorer survival rates
Fresh evidence adds weight to suggestions that loneliness makes cancer both more likely and deadly .
Work in Proceedings of the National Academy of Science shows social isolation tips the odds in favour of aggressive cancer growth .
Rodents kept alone developed more tumours - and tumours of a more deadly type - than rats living as a group .
The researchers put it down to stress and say the same may well be true in humans .
Cancer experts say more work is needed to prove such a link in people .
Lead investigator Gretchen Hermes , of Yale University , said : " There is growing interest in relationships between the environment , emotion and disease .
" This study offers insight into how the social world gets under the skin . "
Stress Doctors already know that cancer patients who are depressed tend to fare worse in terms of survival .
It 's possible that stressful situations could indirectly affect the risk of cancer by making people more likely to take up unhealthy behaviours that increase their risk
Ed Yong
Cancer Research UK
And previous research has suggested that social support can improve health outcomes for patients with breast cancer .
In the latest study , the researchers found that isolation and stress trebled the risk of breast cancer in the naturally sociable Norway rats .
Outcast rodents developed 84 times the amount of tumours as those living in tight - knit social groups , and the tumours also proved to be more aggressive .
The isolated mammals also had higher levels of the stress hormone corticosterone and took longer to recover from a stressful situation than fellow Norway rats .
The researchers ultimately hope their work will help cancer patients .
Lifestyle Co-researcher Martha McClintock , a psychologist at the University of Chicago , said : " We need to use these findings to identify potential targets for intervention to reduce cancer . "
Ed Yong , of Cancer Research UK , said : " This study was done in rats .
" Overall , research in humans does not suggest there is a direct link between stress and breast cancer .
" But it 's possible that stressful situations could indirectly affect the risk of cancer by making people more likely to take up unhealthy behaviours that increase their risk , such as overeating , heavy drinking , or smoking . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How to destroy a man in 30 days
Gawker Media is taking checkbook gadget journalism to a new level .
It 's offering up a hundred grand to anyone that can get it access of the Apple tablet .
Here 's how it breaks out :
$ 10,000 for bona fide pictures
$ 20,000 for video of one in action
$ 50,000 for pictures or video of Steve Jobs holding one
$ 100,000 to let us play with one for an hour
The scavenger hunt lasts until the tablet is officially unveiled , which should happen on January 27 .
Gawker promises it will go to " spycraft - level lengths to prevent anything being traced back to you . "
No photoshopped phonies will be accepted , and Gawker is the final arbiter .
Apple should surreptiously send them a tablet to play with for an hour .
It would be a nice first sale for the tablet , and it would generate a healthy amount of buzz .
Autsch !
In light of the recent attacks on Google China and Microsoft 's revelation that an Internet Explorer security flaw served as an impetus in the assault , Germany 's Federal Office for Information Security has released a warning to its population : avoid IE .
Specifically , the report calls out the latest three versions -- 6 , 7 , and 8 -- but let 's face it , those older versions should be avoided on grounds of usability alone .
Boy , bet the Bonn - based agency is happy about that Windows 7 web browser ballot screen , eh ?
The children were feeling guilty about having shaken the box all morning to see if they could guess what was inside .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
The editor of a prominent progressive magazine has suggested that Liz Cheney ’s political pressure group may be a bogus front that gives news networks an excuse to put the younger Cheney on TV .
The only reason that Liz Cheney makes it on the news talk show rounds is that “ she ’s Dick Cheney ’s daughter , ” and her political pressure group is little more than an excuse “ so that there is some putative reason , other than being Dick Cheney ’s daughter , to put her on the TV , ” Nation Washington editor Chris Hayes told MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There is no earthly reason that anyone should be listening to Liz Cheney on anything , other than the fact that she is the progeny of an alleged war criminal , ” Hayes told MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow Monday night .
Hayes said it ’s virtually impossible to track down what the younger Cheney ’s political pressure group , KeepAmericaSafe.com , has been doing and spending .
“ I ‘m trying to find on the Internet if there is any tabulation of actually how many points … they ‘ve purchased of advertising , because it ‘s very unclear how much they ‘ve actually spent and where .
And that ‘s incredibly hard to come by .
I could n‘t find it anywhere , ” Hayes said .
This is n’t the first time that Cheney ’s group has been accused of being a fraud .
In October , radio host Bill Press said that the group is “ a total media creation . ”
Maddow and Hayes were discussing the younger Cheney ’s appearance on ABC’s This Week , in which host George Stephanopoulos played a Web - only KeepAmericaSafe ad attacking President Obama for waiting three days to address the Christmas Day attempted bombing .
Stephanopoulos pointed out that President George W. Bush waited six days to respond to “ shoe bomber ” Richard Reid ’s attempt to blow up an airliner in 2002 .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Well , I think that you ’ve got to go back here and look at the way this president has dealt with terrorists since he ’s been in office , and the point [ was ] … you cannot win a war if you ’re treating it as an inconvenient sideline , ” Cheney responded .
“ What a rhetorical duck , it ’s like she did n’t even hear the question , ” Maddow said after playing a clip of the interview .
“ She just completely ignores the question about the double standard for Bush and Obama , just completely ignores it . ”
Questions about Cheney ’s political pressure group , KeepAmericaSafe.com , “ are mounting , ” Maddow said , pointing to a documentary the group put out about Standish , Michigan , a small town ostensibly being pressured into accepting Guantanamo inmates — despite the fact the city council voted unanimously to ask for Gitmo detainees to be sent there .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ So far , the Liz Cheney pressure group has demanded to debate people who are perfectly willing to debate her , but she wont do it , ” Maddow said .
“ They have tried to get us to pity the poor pushed - around people of a small town in Michigan who asked for what Cheney wants us to pity them for ; and they ’ve attacked President Obama for something that President Bush did .
If that were my record , I ’d want to be good at ducking questions too . ”
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Jan. 11 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
Hate him or love ’em ( ok , probably hate ) , but Matt “ Meathead ” Mitrione has some heavy , heavy hands .
UFC head honcho Dana
White saw that , and also saw a feud storyline , so he set up Mitrione to fight fellow TUF 10 heavyweight Marcus “ Big Baby ” Jones .
Big Baby looked good early , but he looked stiff and slow on his feet .
His stand - up style resembles a mummy .
Round one belonged to Jones , as he tackled Mitrione to the ground repeatedly .
But Jones ’ dominance would be short lived .
In round two , Jones ’ piss - poor stand - up and glass jaw caught up with him .
Jones came out for round two li
ke a drunken Frankenstein , and Mitrione backpedled and landed a huge shot .
That ’s when Jones crashed down like a piano dropped off of the roof of the Palms ’ resort .
Mitrione finished him off with a few shots once he was down .
Game over .
You know , I honestly thought Mitrione would be scared of Jones .
After all , his TUF 10 loss at the hands of James McSweeney was pretty pathetic and Jones is a straight monster .
Mitrione did n’t look like he wanted to be in the ring against McSweeney after vocally pondering whether he even wanted to take the fight .
But in this match , Mitrione was game and looked more like the power puncher who rocked vet Scott Junk .
White saw something in Mitrione , and maybe the rest of us should start noticing , too .
Do you feel like you get paid what you ’re worth ?
Most people would wholeheartedly say no .
According to a Robert Half survey cited in Fortune , 46 % of U.S. workers believe they are underpaid .
That ’s not surprising considering that wages have barely kept up with inflation over the past several decades .
We ’re earning more than we did 40 years ago , but we have the same amount of purchasing power as we did in 1978 .
If you want to get paid what you ’re worth , it ’s up to you and you alone to make it happen .
But asking for a raise or promotion is n’t easy .
Here ’s what you need to know to make a compelling case for yourself .
Before You Meet With Your Boss
Ideally , you should start preparing months before you even approach your boss for a raise .
Here ’s how to set yourself up for success .
1. Identify Goals & Performance Metrics
Do you know what ’s expected of you in your current role ?
Many workers are unsure what their boss and other superiors want to see them accomplish in their tenure with the company .
Set up a meeting with your boss to talk about how you ’re living up to their expectations .
Where do they feel you ’re excelling ?
In which areas do you need to improve ?
Initiating a frank discussion about your performance shows your boss two things .
First , it demonstrates that you care about your role and want to do your best .
Second , it shows that you have initiative and you do n’t shy away from criticism .
All of this is a huge boost to your professional reputation .
Of course , it ’s essential that you take the feedback from your boss and work to implement it in your daily role .
You ’ll dramatically up the odds for a raise when you prove that you ’re meeting and exceeding the metrics your employer uses to gauge your performance .
This meeting is also the perfect opportunity to talk to your boss about your career goals .
Explain how working toward one or two of these goals could benefit the company right now .
For example , if you want a leadership position eventually , ask your boss to let you lead the next team project .
If you ’d like to transition to sales , ask your boss if you can tag along with a rep for a day to see how the role might fit you .
Being open about your career goals shows that you ’re interested in staying with the company long - term , and this commitment helps when it comes time to ask for a raise .
2. Dress for Success
Whether you realize it or not , your boss , other superiors , and colleagues are constantly evaluating you .
They ’re judging you by the work you do , the things you say , and how you dress .
Like it or not , the clothes you wear at work matter .
They send a powerful signal to other people about how much you respect yourself and the work you do , how capable you are , and which groups you belong to .
For example , imagine your office ’s dress code is “ casual Friday ” every day .
All your colleagues show up in jeans or khakis and short - sleeved collared shirts .
Your boss , on the other hand , shows up every day in a suit and tie .
What might happen if you start showing up every day in a business suit ?
Not only would you look more professional and capable – something your boss would definitely notice – but you ’d likely feel more professional and capable .
You might also find that your boss and colleagues treat you with more respect and listen more to you when you ’re dressed like senior management .
The adage “ Dress for the job you want , not the one you have ” is good advice .
If you want a raise , then start dressing like you deserve one .
If you ’re on a budget right now , do n’t worry .
There are plenty of ways to create a work wardrobe on a tight budget .
For example , you can often find great work clothes at thrift stores and consignment shops .
You can also create a capsule wardrobe for work clothes , investing in a few quality pieces you can mix and match to create several different outfits .
3. Share Your Wins Carefully
Do you share your accomplishments with your boss ?
Do you tell them about the new client you just signed on or the product defect you finally found a solution for ?
Communicating your successes at work can feel uncomfortable .
Most people do n’t want to brag or feel like they ’re hogging the spotlight .
According to a LinkedIn survey , 46 % of professionals admit they ’re not confident about describing their achievements , and 53 % would rather talk about a colleague ’s achievements than their own .
However , if you want a raise , then your boss needs to know what a great job you ’re doing right now .
They need to be celebrating your successes right along with you .
How do you communicate your worth without sounding like a showoff or jerk ?
One way is to make it a regular affair .
Once a month , send your boss an email highlighting what you ’ve accomplished .
Make sure to tie these accomplishments directly to your organization ’s goals or your current role ’s key performance metrics .
To avoid coming across as arrogant or braggy , keep your emails short , simple , and free of adjectives such as “ great ” or “ impressive . ”
Share your colleagues ’ and team ’s successes before describing your personal achievements to foster goodwill and ensure everyone gets the recognition they deserve .
Always include data on how your accomplishments benefit the organization financially , whether that ’s saving or making it money .
And be sure to save a copy of these emails ; they contain valuable information you can use when it comes time to ask for a raise .
4. Know What You ’re Worth Realistically
Before you ask for a raise , make sure you ’re worth more money than you ’re already receiving .
Your worth depends on several factors , including how much others earn in your field , your level of experience , your special skills , and even your geographical location .
Educate To Career has a useful tool for calculating your salary range .
Study it carefully to make sure your request is reasonable .
You could do more harm than good if you ask for a $ 5,000 raise when you ’re already earning $ 5,000 more than you ’re worth .
You can also use websites such as Glassdoor , Salary.com , Indeed , and PayScale to research salary ranges , but keep in mind that they only provide the average salary for your position .
Other factors that influence how much you ’re worth include your experience and education levels .
Your accomplishments , awards , training and certifications , professional reputation , and soft skills also play a big role .
If you ’re still not sure how much you ’re worth , reach out to colleagues or other people in your industry through LinkedIn or networking opportunities such as trade conferences .
After all your research is complete , come up with a raise amount that ’s realistic for your organization and industry .
According to Fortune , the average raise in the United States has been around 3 % of annual salary for several decades .
If you plan to ask for more than this , make sure you have a long list of successes proving why you ’re worth it .
5. Analyze Your Organization ’s Performance
Your chances of getting a raise are tied directly to how well your organization performed over the past 6 to 12 months .
If your company is currently going through a tough time - for example , sales are down , and sweeping cost - cutting measures are being implemented – it ’s not an appropriate time to ask for more money .
Look carefully at how your organization has performed over the past year .
What challenges is it facing right now ?
How could you help solve these problems ?
If your organization is going through a difficult time , it might be better to wait a few months until the market improves .
However , keep in mind that you can still ask for other perks .
For example , you could ask for increased stock in the company , more vacation time , a bigger end - of - year bonus , the option to telecommute a few days per week , or even a tiered raise in which your salary gradually increases over a 6 - or 12 - month period .
6. Practice Your Negotiation Skills
Once you ask for a specific amount , your boss will probably counter with a lower amount .
Conversations about salary almost always involve some negotiation .
It ’s essential to brush up on your negotiation skills and be confident in your position .
Even if your boss thinks you deserve a raise , they ’ll likely make you work for it .
Learn effective negotiation tactics , such as using silence to your advantage and asking for slightly more money than you expect to receive .
The book “ Never Split the Difference : Negotiating As If Your Life Depended On It ” by former international hostage negotiator Chris Voss can help you boost your negotiation skills .
Managing Emotion During Negotiations
One of the most valuable negotiation strategies is keeping your emotions in check .
But that does n’t mean silencing every emotion during the negotiation process .
Your emotions can be a valuable resource in tense situations as long as you do n’t let them control you .
Practice these strategies now so that you ’ll be better able to manage your emotions when you ’re face - to - face with your boss .
Be Mindful
Mindfulness is a key part of successful negotiation , according to writer and business professor Shirli Kopelman .
When you ’re mindful , you ’re aware of what you ’re feeling and ask yourself if it ’s beneficial to express that emotion .
If the emotion is getting in the way of what you want to achieve , then you need to redirect it .
One way to do that is to replace any negative thoughts you ’re having with positive thoughts .
For example , during a tense negotiation , you might think , “ I ’m not doing this well .
My boss is going to say no to my request . ”
As soon as you have this thought , take a deep breath and tell yourself , “ I ’m worth what I ’m asking for .
I ’m going to be calm and confident and explain why I ’ve earned this raise . ”
Reinterpret Triggers
Imagine that you just asked your boss for a $ 5,000 salary increase .
Instead of smiling and saying “ Sure , no problem ! ” as you hoped they ’d do , they sigh .
Their shoulders slump , and they look down at their notes .
In a split second , your confidence vanishes ; obviously , they do n’t think you ’re worth this amount and are going to turn you down .
Their body language instantly triggers stress and fear in you .
To deal with situations like this , Kopelman suggests that you reinterpret the trigger that ’s causing your negative emotion .
Imagine that the reason your boss sighed and slumped their shoulders is because they ’re relieved that you did n’t ask for more money .
Your confidence will skyrocket , and you might feel empathy for their position .
You can use these positive emotions to confidently explain why you ’re worth this amount .
7. Practice Your Pitch
Asking for a raise is a nerve - wracking experience for a lot of people .
To get through it smoothly , it ’s critical that you practice your pitch before you meet with your boss .
Ask your spouse , partner , or a trusted colleague to sit down with you and roleplay the meeting .
Have them come up with some tough questions your boss might ask so that you can learn how to better think on your feet and come up with some great answers .
Roleplaying might feel awkward at first , but not as awkward as you ’ll feel if you go into the meeting with your boss without practicing at all .
Asking for a Raise
You ’re ready to sit down with your boss and ask for more money .
Here ’s what to do .
1. Practice a Power Pose Before the Meeting
In her famous TED Talk “ Your Body Language May Shape Who You Are , ” Harvard Professor Amy Cuddy explains how you can boost your confidence levels by practicing power poses .
A power pose is a body posture that is open and confident , such as standing with your legs wide apart and your hands on your hips .
In her book “ Presence , ” Cuddy says that physical poses have a more direct link to the mind than other confidence - boosting techniques , such as positive self - talk , making them more effective .
A 2010 study published in the journal Psychological Science backs up Cuddy ’s claims .
It found that participants who practiced a power pose for two minutes experienced higher testosterone levels and lower levels of the stress hormone cortisol than those who practiced a low - power pose , such as sitting with their shoulders bowed , looking at the floor .
This resulted in a greater risk tolerance .
Power poses might not work for everyone , but they ’re certainly worth a try .
It can also help to learn how your body language affects other people ’s emotions and use that to your advantage .
Books such as “ What Every Body is Saying ” by former FBI counterintelligence officer Joe Navarro can help .
For example , sitting up straight with your shoulders back and smiling projects an air of ease and confidence , which your boss will pick up on .
2. Do n’t Complain About Your Current Salary
Complaining about your current salary wo n’t win you any favors with your boss .
In fact , it ’s likely to do more harm than good .
When you put your boss on the defensive , nothing positive will come of the meeting .
Another no - no is comparing your salary with your colleagues ’ during negotiations .
For example , imagine you say , “ Janet makes $ 60,000 a year , and I work a lot harder than her , so I should be paid at least $ 67,000 . ”
This distasteful attitude wo n’t get you a raise and might even get you fired .
Focus instead on how you can solve some of the company ’s problems and help it overcome specific challenges it faces in the months and years to come .
When you communicate your value , your boss will fear losing you to a competitor , increasing the likelihood that you ’ll get what you want .
3. Time It Right
When you ask for a raise is just as important as how you ask .
Typically , managers have more flexibility in their budgets around the time performance reviews are conducted , especially if the company is doing well .
You might have more success if you ask for a raise during your annual or semi-annual performance review .
Another good time to ask is after you ’ve had a major win , such as securing a lucrative new client .
Ride that wave of goodwill all the way to your boss ’s office and capitalize on your success .
Of course , there are also times when it ’s not a good idea to ask for a raise .
For example , hold off on asking when your company or team has experienced a major setback , when the company is struggling financially , or when you have n’t had any recent accomplishments to share with your boss .
What to Do If Your Boss Says No
If your boss turns down your request for a raise , do n’t take it personally .
The decision likely has little to do with your character or value and more to do with the company ’s bottom line .
Your boss ’s hands may be tied , so do n’t let the lack of a raise affect your working relationship .
Instead , ask what you can do to earn a raise .
Asking this question is a great way to position yourself for a future raise .
If your boss gives you instructions and you follow through , it will be that much harder for them to refuse your request when you bring the topic up again .
Ask not only for an outline of objectives , but also when you can next broach the subject .
Then , make sure you meet those goals and objectives and maintain an immaculate record to secure a raise the next time around .
Final Word
Asking for a raise is a normal part of having a career ; everyone has to do it at least once , and more likely , on a fairly regular basis .
After all , it ’s a rare organization that willingly hands out extra cash to their employees .
While it can feel stressful to ask for a raise , it does n’t have to be .
Taking time to prove your worth to the organization and demonstrating how your efforts positively affect the bottom line goes a long way toward getting a yes from your boss .
What tips and strategies have worked well for you when you asked for a raise ?
The 17 - year - old driver involved in a fatal car crash in Oakland Thursday admitted to police that he did n't have a valid driver 's license , was speeding and driving a stolen car , officials said .
The teenager , identified to The Chronicle by relatives as Oakland resident Chinook Bacon , was arrested on suspicion of murder and additional charges .
The buyer was Laurence Graff , the billionaire diamond dealer whose clients run to other newly minted billionaires , and in short order its new owner made a series of startling decisions about the stone .
First , he had it recut , reducing it from 35.52 to just over 31 carats , to eliminate the chips and “ bruises ” inevitable in a stone of its age but also to improve its clarity , brilliance and grade .
Then he renamed it the Wittelsbach - Graff and struck an agreement with the Smithsonian Institution in Washington to display it .
Image The Wittelsbach diamond ( shown in 2008 before recutting ) was part of the dowry for the Infanta Margarita Teresa .
Credit ... Christie's
Late this month , it will go on view alongside the legendary Hope , a larger stone but a slightly more drab one , and yet a rock whose allure remains potent enough to have drawn five million visitors to the national collection last year .
“ The Hope Diamond is by far our most popular object , ” Jeffrey E. Post , curator of the National Gem and Mineral Collection at the Smithsonian , said last week , comparable in its drawing power to the Mona Lisa at the Louvre .
The reasons , Dr. Post added , are as faceted and prismatic as the stone itself : “ Gems form in the earth , so every gemstone has an incredible natural history .
But they also made it to the surface of the earth somehow , were found and cut and set . ”
Visitors to the Smithsonian who will soon have the rare opportunity to share in the Wittelsbach ’s tale will also be venturing into the midst of a controversy about the gem .
By recutting it , some critics suggest , Mr. Graff has not so much improved it as altered it out of all recognition .
“ That stone has a pedigree that is incomparable , ” Daniela Mascetti , a senior global specialist in jewelry at Sotheby ’s , said by phone from London .
“ The provenance of a gem is important in ways that are not true of other things .
With the Wittelsbach blue , you knew how it came into existence and in a rather exciting way .
You know who has worn it , what kinds of historical events it has gone through and what social upheavals it was present for . ”
Like the Hope , the Wittelsbach is thought to have originated in India , at the Golconda mines , and was also likely to have been brought to the West by Jean - Baptiste Tavernier , the 17th - century traveler and trader .
In 1664 , King Philip IV of Spain gave it to the Infanta Margarita Teresa to mark her engagement to Leopold I of Austria ; in 1722 , the diamond passed to the Wittelsbachs , members of Bavaria ’s ruling house .
In the upheaval after World War I , Bavaria became a republic and the crown jewels of the House of Wittelsbach were dispersed .
Except for the exhibition preview for the Christie ’s auction the stone was last seen in public at the 1958 Brussels World ’s Fair .
Stay at home , glued to your phone with these utterly brilliant best iPhone games .
Not only do you have the best Apple Arcade games to consider , but the main App Store is awash with brilliant titles to get your screen smudgy .
This best of iPhone games will have you playing Love You to Bits one minute , then Telling Lies and then Three the next .
It 's a maze of top - notch content , that will guarantee you good times in your pocket .
Make waiting in line boring no more !
So take a look at what 's on offer here in our best iPhone games list because chances are your new favourite game is a tap away .
The 25 best Android games to play right now
The best gaming phones in 2019
Each month we review a brand new title in the hopes that it will be added to our best iPhone games list .
Sometimes they 'll make the cut , other times they wo n't , but all the games we review will definitely be worth checking out , we can promise you that .
For the full list of all 30 best iPhone games , turn to the next page ...
March iPhone game of the month : Seven Scrolls
( Image credit : Jesse Venbrux )
Finding my way through a dungeon , picking up the next mysterious scroll in hopes that it can help , moving towards the exit .
Each and every floor of Seven Scrolls is just as interesting as the last , packed with enemies appear and most importantly , scrolls .
This turn - based , strategic puzzle game changes the rules every single time you pick up a scroll .
If you ’re lucky , these can help you , but sometimes they might not be very beneficial .
Playing as a monk , you must go through each of these single floor levels , defeating monsters until a key appears .
This key will unlock the staircase which can take you one level deeper , but often the key is inside an enemy , so you ’ll need to start fighting them .
Thankfully , as a monk , you can fight from across the room - shooting out a lightning bolt , but this will also cost you a turn .
This means that if they have any remaining lives after the bolt strikes , they will continue to move forward .
There are doors on each side of the room , which you can enter to come out of the other side , unless a scroll gives you an alternative rule relating to the doors , that is .
( Image credit : Jesse Venbrux )
These scrolls are what really makes Seven Scrolls stand out ; they give you different rules that happen as the game continues , things like when the monk hits the center tile , they gain life or if a monster dies , another monster gets hit by lightning .
Other times , your scrolls might not be useful , like when you take damage if you collect a key or a monster spawns if you pick up a scroll .
At the top of the screen , you can see all of the scrolls you have collected , with a max number of seven being held at any time .
At any time , you are able to tap any of these scrolls to see what they 're single use is .
These single uses can be used at any time and cost one turn , but once they are used , the scroll burns up - removing the rule that once held you captive .
This is great when you are in a pinch or have a scroll that you really do n’t like , getting rid of it in a useful way that might just keep you going another round .
This system is sort of reminiscent of Baba is You , where what you know of the game can suddenly switch , changing how you play and what actions you want to take .
Though you ca n’t change the scrolls directly , they end up throwing you for a loop when they chain up with other scrolls , making moves that once made sense change completely to something that may be harmful .
At one point , gaining a life meant that I also was harmed - so picking up lives no longer mattered .
( Image credit : Jesse Venbrux )
If you do make it through seven floors , which does take a lot of luck , useful eliminations of your scrolls and a lot of tenacity , and you ’ll be taken back to the menu screen .
The next run will bring out a new monster .
This new monster drops a single scroll which can always be predicted - it reverses all of the current scrolls that you have in your inventory .
This really changes the entire game , as you ’ll suddenly need to kill these enemies in pairs or be careful when it comes to what scroll you do bump into .
To help you on this much more challenging run , you do get an amulet that gives you a positive ability - one that ca n’t be changed by these new monsters , as well as the ability to keep a scroll of your choosing from your previous run .
The downside is , if you die in this run , you start back up from the beginning , all over again .
Seven Scrolls needs you to work with the rules and check to make sure the scrolls you do have benefit you the best , as well as keep track of where you are in position to the stairs to take you deeper in the level .
Being close means a quick escape , once you pick up the key , taking you deeper without getting hurt further .
( Image credit : Jesse Venbrux )
Verdict
There ’s something fun about picking up and using scrolls depending on what you need or how they are treating you .
It feels really clever when you ’ve got a few different scrolls that are all playing into each other , combining to do something really powerful whenever you destroy a monster or pick up a key .
The difficulty does ramp up really quickly and it ’s hard to get through to the next run of floors , and then beyond that - nearly impossible for me .
I found this a bit frustrating , as it felt like I was hitting dead ends , but when I did pass through , it was very rewarding .
Price : $ 2.99 / £ 2.99
Genre : Roguelike
Download Seven Scrolls now
Turn to page two for our pick of the 60 best iPhone games to play right now ...
Most big old stars at the end of their lives tend to go out in a fairly mundane way - either exploding with incredible violence as supernovae , or collapsing into ultradense universe - warping unfeasiblo - gunge as a black hole .
But now astronomers say they have seen evidence of a long - hypothesised third path for a large star ; that of brewing up huge amounts of antimatter within one 's own guts and blowing up with such outrageous force as to make a supernova seem like a beetle farting .
The star in question is known as " Y - 155 " , which blinked very dimly into visibility just over two years ago in the constellation Cetus and was spotted by the Blanco telescope in Chile .
According to astronomer Peter Garnavich , Y - 155 's death throes are unimpressive from here , but that 's only because it lies no less than seven billion lightyears away .
“ In our images , Y - 155 appeared a million times fainter than the unaided human eye can detect , but that is because of its enormous distance , ” says the stargazing prof .
“ If Y - 155 had exploded in the Milky Way [ our home galaxy ] it would have knocked our socks off . ”
Y - 155 was discovered as part of the international astroboffinry alliance known as " Equation of State : SupErNovae trace Cosmic Expansion " , or ESSENCE .
Garnavich is a member of the ESSENCE team , and announced the Earth - shattering ( had it been near enough ) hypernova spotting at a conference in Washington DC yesterday .
“ ESSENCE found many explosions in our six years of searching , but Y - 155 stood out as the most powerful and unusual of all our discoveries , ” says Garnavich .
The possibility that stars 150 to 300 times the mass of our Sun might expire as antimatter - driven hypernovae rather than dull black holes or regular supernovae was calculated more than 40 years back , but only recently has it even been possible to observe them .
It 's thought that such unusual , galaxy - shaking blasts can occur only in " pristine " regions of space where the ur - hydrogen of the universe has not been much contaminated with heavy elements by earlier generations of stars . ®
Single Pose
This proof card offers the parents a single pose and a variety of products from 10x7 to 5x3.5 prints , fridge magnets and keyrings .
All of the prints that are illustrated on the proofcard in mounts , irrespective of the size , are actually delivered to the parents with the print itself inserted into the mount .
We do n't expect our parents to try and chop up the photos & insert them into the mounts themselves !
Two Poses
Two poses hardly takes any longer to shoot than one pose , but it gives the parents greater choice of expression and composition .
By spoiling the parents for choice we hope to sell more and therefore pass more commission back to the school .
Four Poses
This is the ultimate in parental choice .
Multiple poses on multiple backgrounds , and special " Combo " offers which make the higher value packs irresistible .
" I ca n’t believe how much our parents bought .
This commission cheque is unbelievable . "
So said the Head of one of the small , independent schools we service .
Class Group
Most of our schools offer parents photographs of individuals in the Autumn term , and class groups in the Summer term .
If the image on the proof card is n't big enough for the parent to determine the expression of their individual child , there will always be a sample copy at the school .
Additionally we have a unique magifying glass system online which allows the viewer to examine close up a small part of the photograph .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Gordon Brown will give evidence to the Iraq inquiry before the general election , it has been confirmed .
Inquiry chairman Sir John Chilcot said the prime minister had agreed to appear " within the next two months " .
It follows pressure from opposition parties for him to give evidence before the election - expected in May .
Downing Street said Mr Brown had " nothing to hide " and the decision was not connected to ex-Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon 's evidence to the inquiry .
Mr Brown 's official spokesman said the prime minister was " keen to take up the opportunity to state the case about why Britain was right to take the action it did in respect to Iraq " .
Mr Hoon was critical of government funding for defence when he appeared before the inquiry on Tuesday , saying the department was underfunded for many years and requests for " significantly more money " were turned down .
Opposition parties welcomed the news , saying the electorate were entitled to know what role Mr Brown , as chancellor , played in the decision to go to war in 2003 before casting their votes .
Conservative leader David Cameron said Mr Brown had some " very important questions to answer " .
" I am glad they are going to be asked and answered before a general election , " he said during a question and answer session at a community centre in Gillingham , Kent .
Exchange of letters Sir John said he wanted the inquiry to " stay outside party politics " but he said Mr Brown had written to him to say he was happy to appear whenever the panel wanted .
In his reply , Sir John said " as a matter of fairness " , he would offer Mr Brown the opportunity to appear before the election .
The date for his appearance will be agreed in the next few days but it is likely to be at the end of February or the beginning of March .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The inquiry published details of a letter from No 10 to Sir John in which Mr Brown wrote : " I want to make it absolutely clear I am prepared to give evidence whenever you see fit . "
In his reply , Sir John said he was determined that the inquiry should not be used as a " platform for political advantage by any party " .
He said the committee was still concerned about the risk of the hearings being politicised in the run-up to the election .
But he added : " But as a matter of fairness , the committee has concluded that it should offer , if you wish to take it up , the opportunity for you to attend hearings before the election . "
Postponed Sir John said the prime minister and the committee would need time to prepare for his appearance .
However , he also notes that the session will have to be postponed if a general election is called in the meantime .
My guess is that Brown realised [ the ] appearance of Jack Straw at the Iraq inquiry and next week 's by Tony Blair would lead to persistent demands for him to face questioning too
Nick Robinson
Nick Robinson : No escaping Iraq Iraq my ' hardest choice ' - Straw International Development Secretary Douglas Alexander and Foreign Secretary David Miliband may also now appear before the election .
At prime minister 's questions on Wednesday , Mr Brown told MPs he had written to Sir John saying he was happy to appear " at any time " before the committee - but it was up to the independent panel to decide .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said it was " only right " that he explain his role " before asking the British people for their vote " .
" It is well known that the prime minister was a key figure in Britain 's decision to invade Iraq , " he said .
' No delay ' Angus Robertson , the SNP 's leader at Westminster , who raised the issue at question time , said there " must be no delay " in setting a date for Mr Brown 's appearance .
" Gordon Brown has much to answer for - not least why he as chancellor could agree to an illegal and immoral invasion but lacked the courage to stand up for our troops and provide the right equipment as they were put in harm 's way , " he said .
The BBC 's political editor Nick Robinson said the timing of Mr Brown 's appearance would be " unwelcome " for many in Labour as it would resurrect an issue which was damaging to the party at the last election .
From the start of the inquiry , Sir John had made clear that hearings would not be held in the run-up to the election to allow it to remain outside party politics .
The committee decided last year not to call Mr Brown and other ministers with current responsibilities for Iraq before the election .
But as key figures such as former No 10 communications chief Alastair Campbell and ex-Foreign Secretary Jack Straw have begun to give evidence in recent days , this position has become increasingly controversial .
Tony Blair , who quit British politics when he stepped down as prime minister in 2007 , will give evidence next Friday .
The former Attorney General Lord Goldsmith - who advised the cabinet that military intervention would be lawful , despite raising earlier concerns - will give evidence next Wednesday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
RONAN McGREEVY
Irish Times
Wednesday , November 11 , 2009
WORLD - RENOWNED botanist and broadcaster Prof David Bellamy has predicted the world will get cooler over the next 30 years rather than warmer , as many climate scientists have predicted .
He said a period of global cooling had already begun , citing evidence that the Alps had more snow last winter than at any time for the last 26 years .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Prof Bellamy has been one of the best - known sceptics of man-made global warming , despite being an environmentalist .
Yesterday , as patron of the Tree Appeal , he helped children at Cabinteely Community School to plant trees .
The initiative aims to plant 100,000 trees in the UK and Ireland to encourage biodiversity and to act as a learning resource .
Prof Bellamy said temperature fluctuations are part of the natural process .
“ The argument [ for man - made global warming ] is going downhill .
Climate change is a completely natural thing .
It is based on the sun , and at the moment we are into the 24th sun cycle and there has been no sunspots for two years .
The last time that happened , the Thames froze over . ”
Full story here .
This article was posted : Wednesday , November 11 , 2009 at 10:52 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
The biggest scam of the century is making a full conclusion with this deep recession .
What made America the envy of the entire world , a strong and vibrant middle class , is being quickly dismantled so the new order of corporate raiders can siphon off life support from the productive economy .
Nothing highlights this grand robbery more so than the current situation of our country .
For eight straight months foreclosure filings have hit 300,000 or more yet banks on Wall Street are gearing up for record yearend bonuses for a job well done .
The average American is seeing the culmination of 40 years of systematic leeching by the corporatocracy that culminated in the largest transfer of wealth in modern history .
A bloodless coup that cemented the true nature of our current economic system .
People wonder why I focus so much on the middle class of America .
This is what has been the fundamental difference between our country and other economic systems .
A vibrant middle class that provided adequate housing , a decent education , and a road to sustainable wealth .
This was built on the backs of a productive economy .
But over the last 40 years we have seen much of the true wealth shift to Wall Street and the financial sector and that has largely eroded the value of what it means to be middle class .
The new system is designed for the few and by the few .
The new financial regulation being touted as the most sweeping since the Great Depression is woefully weak .
Yet this is merely a reflection of the power of the corporatocracy .
We really have the best government money can buy .
Critics always point to the rising household wages since the 1970s .
Yet there is a big problem with this argument since this has occurred with the growth of the two income household :
* Source : Elizabeth Warren
If we factor out men from the data , the average American male is now making $ 800 less in inflation adjusted terms than his counterpart in 1970 .
So even though income for households has gone up the data is misleading .
Americans now have a harder time keeping the pillars of middle class life intact .
If we had to sum it up it would probably be :
- A good home to raise a family - Access to a good education - Quality healthcare - A decent retirement
The above is still accessible but it has become harder to maintain .
A solid pension and healthcare used to be provided to workers by companies .
That is now gone .
Income is only one side of the equation of course .
Where do people now spend their money ?
If we look at the data closely Americans now spend less in clothing , food , and appliances than their 1970s comparison group .
This has much to do with cheap goods from abroad and more competition globally .
So this is good right ?
It is but these are more of the smaller line item purchases that Americans make .
The biggest purchases include housing and this is a cost that has gone up exponentially :
Housing has gone up 100 % in terms of cost for the typical family .
Health insurance is now up 103 % .
Childcare , a more daily need for two income households , has gone up as well since Americans many times need two incomes merely to break into the more elusive middle class .
The items that have fallen are largely adjustable and elastic substitutes .
For example , you can have macaroni and cheese instead of a steak .
Everyone needs shelter whether they buy or rent .
The gigantic housing bubble has only pushed the tide out further to reveal the disappearing middle class .
If we break down the data further from a study examining the middle class we find that fixed costs are now through the roof .
What is more troubling is that even with two incomes , the ability to sustain a middle class lifestyle has actually gone backwards :
Source : Rortybomb
There is also more volatility on income security .
Wall Street and the corporatocracy are running the biggest hypocrisy show in the world .
Middle class families are having to adjust to the new economic reality by filing for bankruptcies , losing homes in foreclosure , and getting gouged with credit cards .
Yet banks and Wall Street have not cut back and have gone the opposite direction by giving out record bonuses to their small circle of cronies .
The bailouts were a large protection of the entrenched corporatocracy .
The biggest scam of the century revolves around the massive growth in debt .
Let us chart this back to the 1970s :
The U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve disconnected the U.S. dollar from any semblance of reality back in the 1970s .
Since that time , Americans have been put into a sleepwalking state where they were drunk on debt induced spending while slowly and surely our manufacturing base was removed from the country .
The above chart hit a climax when household debt actually surpassed annual GDP in this decade .
In other words , we spent way more than we earned and nothing that operates under that system can survive for any length of time .
This has infuriated many since they thought they were part of the new economy but in reality , they were merely treading water until Wall Street and the banks had to hunker down and protect their small inner circle .
Why else is the stock market up 60 percent since the March lows ?
Let us look at some data since March and see how well Americans have been doing :
March 2009 unemployment rate : 8.5 % December 2009 unemployment rate : 10 %
The unemployment rate shot up from 8.5 % to 10 % in this time and consumer credit has been contracting at a record pace .
At the same time , banking profits are going sky high .
Take a look at some of the big banking names :
The corporatocracy seems to be doing well in this climate even though the middle class American lifestyle is being dismantled piece by painful piece .
Not only is this happening but Americans now have a new line item and that is to fund the bail outs .
This is happening through more clandestine channels like destroying the value of the U.S. dollar by printing inordinate amounts of money so banks can keep on giving record bonuses .
The financial sector is a blood sucking vampire that is draining the real economy of its life .
Why do we even need it at the current size ?
All mortgages are now backed by the U.S. government through the GSEs or FHA insured loans .
Credit card debt and access is shrinking .
Banks have curtailed lending to small business .
What is the financial sector doing to justify their current profits ?
Pure and simple speculation on the taxpayer dime .
This is n’t capitalism as Adam Smith envisioned .
This is a system called a corporatocracy where the main goal is protecting the too big to fail and allowing everyone else to fail .
The average American has every right to be furious at what is occurring .
The next generation might have it worse than the last .
Not since the Great Depression has this occurred .
Some might say that this was destined to happen .
That is the storyline the corporatocracy would want you to believe so popular anger can be quelled .
Yet this was a deliberate stealing from the American people .
Many of these Wall Street elites have no allegiance to the country .
They put money in secured tax havens in other countries and hide their money in multiple places avoiding taxes from a country that allows them to run their scam .
They have allegiance to only one and that is money .
They do n’t care about the productive economy of the U.S. Lobbying with their fleet of lawyers is simply another business expense .
And here we are , 40 years later with a disappearing middle class , booming financial stocks , millions of foreclosures , and weak financial regulation .
Nothing can be clearer than where the power has shifted .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
The city of Dana Point , California has a Green Lantern Street .
I ’ve always thought there should be a comic store on there , but I do n’t think there ’s really room for one .
Actually , Dana Point has a whole bunch of “ Street of the ___ Lantern ” names dating back to the 1920s , the biggest one being Street of the Golden Lantern .
I never really thought about the rest of them in super - hero terms , but of course Blackest Night brings a while new set of X Lantern Corps .
I was in Dana Point a few weeks ago for a company Christmas party , and while driving back the next day , decided that “ someday ” I should drive around getting pictures of all the relevant Lantern streets .
I mentioned this to my wife , who said , “ No time like the present ! ”
So , armed with the Thomas Bros. map of Orange County , we drove up and down Pacific Coast Highway ( PCH ) looking for all the Corps - appropriate lanterns we could find .
More photos after the cut !
Blue Lantern : Hope
Blue Lantern St. is ( appropriately ) right next to Green Lantern , and seems to be one of the larger streets .
There ’s actually a Blue Lantern Plaza .
Violet Lantern : Love
The next easy one to spot was Street of the Violet Lantern .
Fun fact : I kept typing “ Violent Lantern ” and correcting myself .
Yeah , the Star Sapphires are n’t exactly pacifists , but I ’m pretty sure the most violent corps would be the Red Lanterns …
After these three , we ran out of standard color names and had to find corresponding colors .
Golden ( Yellow ) Lantern : Fear
Golden Lantern makes a decent match for yellow , though I suspect Sinestro would rather destroy a tiny seaside town than live there .
Ruby ( Red ) Lantern : Rage
We actually missed Ruby Lantern on our first pass because it ’s such a small street , but once we looked at the map , it was easy to find .
Somehow “ ruby ” does n’t say “ rage , ” though .
Amber ( Orange ) Lantern : Greed
Okay , this one ’s probably reaching a bit .
At least “ amber and avarice ” alliterates .
Missing Lanterns
Sadly , there was no sign of an Indigo Lantern or Black Lantern , though the map did show an “ Indigo Way ” up in the hills .
The only other color - themed names we spotted were Copper Lantern and Silver Lantern ( clearly to go along with Golden Lantern ) .
Then it went into locations , like Starboard Lantern , Park Lantern , Terrace Lantern , etc .
View Larger Map
Share
THERE has long been enthusiasm among the " nudge " behaviouralists for the posting of calorie content in restaurants .
The availability of this information , it is assumed , will encourage diners to choose healthier options , thereby improving public health , without heavy - handed government limits on what can actually be sold and consumed .
And so there was a great deal of disappointment when early results out of New York City , where mandated calorie count information was introduced in 2008 , failed to show the expected decline in calories consumed :
The results were pretty dismal : only about half the respondents even noticed the calorie counts and only 15 % said they influenced their choice .
But the receipts told an even more dismal story : overall , people actually purchased more calories after the law went into effect .
The results are n't statistically significant , though , so basically all the researchers can really say is that the law ( so far ) has n't had any effect .
The only glimmer of good news is that among people under 35 , respondents who noticed the labeling did seem to cut back a bit .
No other subgroup showed any effect .
But perhaps that initial analysis underestimated the effect of the programme .
Here 's a new piece of research from NBER , by Bryan Bollinger , Phillip Leslie , and Alan Sorensen :
We study the impact of mandatory calorie posting on consumers ' purchase decisions , using detailed data from Starbucks .
We find that average calories per transaction falls by 6 % .
The effect is almost entirely related to changes in consumers ' food choices — there is almost no change in purchases of beverage calories .
There is no impact on Starbucks profit on average , and for the subset of stores located close to their competitor Dunkin Donuts , the effect of calorie posting is actually to increase Starbucks revenue .
Survey evidence and analysis of commuters suggest the mechanism for the effect is a combination of learning and salience .
That is what we'd expect to see ; after all , consumers seem to significantly underestimate the calorie content of junk food , occasionally by thousands of calories .
What 's interesting is that Starbucks actually benefitted financially , relative to nearby competitors , from posting this information .
That suggests that firms should be quick to adopt calorie posting in places where it 's not yet mandated .
And , oddly enough , the government mandate seems to have turned up a few twenty dollar bills , just lying around on the sidewalk .
Chemical detection tests are bogus
The images
The TSA has failed America
Your Fourth Amendment rights are violated before every flight
To learn more
Video you need to see :
( Natural News )
At the Bakersfield airport in California , TSA authorities recently shut down the entire airport after finding what they thought was a container ofLuggage screeners discovered five Gatorade bottles full of an " amber " liquid .
TSA agents then opened the bottles and complained they smelled " a strong chemical odor . "
They then complained of nausea and were taken to the local hospital for treatment .
According to Reuters , " Kern County Sheriffs deputies , fire crews , FBI agents and members of a joint terrorism task force responded to the scene and spent the day questioning Ramirez before further tests showed that the liquid was honey .
"
In other words , Ramirez was interrogated by the FBI for hours while being presumed to be a terrorist .
( http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSN05725862...
And then it turned out the " explosive amber liquid " was justApparently , TSA employees are so unbelievably retarded that they do n't even know what honey smells like or looks like .
When they smell honey , they mistakenly believe they 're under a chemical attack !
And then they engage in all sorts of theater by acting like they 're experiencing nausea so that they can be carted off to the hospital and take the rest of the work day off .
These are the people who are supposed to be protecting America from highly - motivated , highly - intelligent terrorists ?
Give me a break ... The TSA can't catch actual terrorists , but it 's really good at flagging innocent people as terrorists and wasting thousands of hours of time ( and millions of dollars for the airlines ) declaring bogus terrorists emergencies that only serve to inconvenience everyone .
What the TSA has n't yet acknowledged is that As we 've reported before , a bottle of Dr. Bronner 's soap will test positive for illegal narcotics .
A bar of home - made chocolate got Ron and Nadine from Living Libations arrested ( and their child stolen from them by authorities ) and accused of trafficking illegal drugs ( https://www.naturalnews.com/024304.html ) .
Honey now apparently tests positive for explosives .
Is there any food or liquid substance that truly safe from being declared a bomb by incompetent TSA employees ?
It 's fairly obvious at this point that .
It has everything to do with brainwashing Americans to surrender to police state searches while living in a never - ending state of extreme fear .
The TSA , in other words , is just a vehicle by which Americans can be programmed to kow - tow to the herd mentality .
And then they ratchet up the invasions of your privacy one step at a time .
First it 's just asking you to throw away your water , then later they ask you to start taking off your shoes and belts .
Before long , you 're scanned with a full body scanner that shows you body completely naked -- nipples , penises , crotches and all -- while TSA agents get off on their power trip .
The TSA wants you to believe that high levels of detail are not possible with their full - body scanners .
But as you can clearly see here , this technology reveals breasts and genitalia .
The images they release to the public are intentionallyand offered a low resolution in order to create the false impression that TSA agents can't really see anything .
But if they can't see anything , Clearly , the technology is only useful if it provides imaging ofthat would clearly indicate the outline of a weapon .
And if it can outline a small weapon , it can also outline breasts , nipples and genitalia .
When children are scanned through these machines , the images shown to TSA agents amount toHey all you perverts !
Apply for a job at the TSA !
There are virtually no IQ requirements , and you get to look at naked pictures of little kiddies all day long ( and get PAID to do it by your own government ) !
Of course , if you look at the same kiddie porn pictures , you 'll be arrested as a felon .
But when you 're on the government payroll , it 's all okay .
Do n't forget to bring your own portable digital camera to work so you can snap photos of all the naked little boys and girls and add them to your " TSA employee " child porn collection .
Heck , you can even share the photos on YouTube under your favorite username : TSApervert6969
Seriously , is this what airport security has now come to ?
... airports being shut down because of jars of honey ?
Little children being shown naked on TSA scanning monitors ?
People being interrogated by the FBI because the bomb - detection machines spout off false positives ?
Huge no -fly lists that prevent innocent people from flying on airplanes while giving them no way to legitimately remove themselves from such lists ?
C'mon , folks .
It 's time we all realized .
Airport security is n't about security .
Americans are simply being indoctrinated into the new Amerika police state .
And there 's more to come !
Soon , TSA agents could be searching your anuses and vaginas with " security scopes . "
( You 'll get a " free " colonoscopy with every flight !
Are the miles really worth it ...?) You 'll soon have to open every orifice of your body to allow TSA inspection before boarding a flight , and during the flight you might be chained to your chair .
So if you really have to use the bathroom , your only choice is to go in your own pants .
This speaks to the real mission of the TSA : .
People are much easier to control when they 're constantly demeaned and humiliated , and full body scanners accomplish that very nicely .
So get ready to spread 'em , folks !
Prepare to have pictures of your 12 - year - old daughter 's breasts broadcast to TSA employees .
The TSA has decided that YOU ( and your children ) might be a terrorist , and they 're going to violate your Constitutional rights at every opportunity while demeaning you in the process .
( Never mind the fact that full body scanners do n't even detect explosive powders in the first place ... )
Does anybody even remember the 4th Amendment these days ?
I 'm willing to bet the average TSA employee does n't even know what the Bill of Rights is .
Protecting the Constitutional rights of air travelers is n't even in the job description of TSA employees .
Their job is to intimidate people into compliance with a police state agenda -- and to follow orders even if those orders contradict the Constitutional rights of Americans .
For a quick refresher , the 4th Amendment says :
In other words , according to the U.S. Constitution , in order for the TSA to require you to submit to a search ( which includes a full body scan or even a pat - down ) , they must first have " probable cause " that you are carrying a weapon or other dangerous substance , and then they must request a warrant be issued by a judge for such a search .
Only with that paperwork do they have any right to subject you to a search of any kind .
Americans have forgotten all that .
They have surrendered their Fourth Amendment rights without even a fight or a protest .
Soon , they 'll all just line up to have their nipples , breasts , vaginas and penises photographed and gawked over by perverted TSA agents who now believe they are " God " and that they have the right to force you to do anything they want . -
Actual quote from a TSA agent who works at the Los Angeles airport , who was later caught doing drugs with other TSA agents .
( http://www.nbclosangeles.com/news/local-beat/TSA-Security-Agent-Arrested-at-LAX-80858482.html)
" The signal strength of detected backscattered X - rays from a known position then allows a highly realistic image to be reconstructed .
In the case of airline - passenger screening , the image is of the traveler 's nude form .
The image resolution of the technology is high , so the picture of the body presented to screeners is detailed enough to show genitalia .
These images are not necessarily temporary - screeners can save the body images to the system 's hard disk or floppy disk for subsequent viewing on either " the system monitor or on any IBM compatible personal computer with color graphics . " -
EPIC.org , the non-profit that 's suing the U.S. government over these " digital strip search " machineshttp://epic.org/privacy/airtravel/backscatter/FoxNews: " Canada to Use Full - Body Scanners in Airports " http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,582076,00.htmlCNN: " 150 more full - body scanners to go in U.S. airports " http://edition.cnn.com/2009/TRAVEL/12/31/airport.body.scanners/Chicago
Tribune : " Before Boarding Plane , Remove All Clothing " http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/politics/sns-201001071458tmsbpresstt--m-a20100107jan07,0,6591275.storyHow to invert the full body scan image with a single click : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_3nf7nwwek
Financially speaking , there is a great inequality in the United States .
Over the last 30 years , while the rich have been getting richer , the poor have been getting steadily poorer .
One reason for the growing disparity between the rich and the poor is the fact that most new jobs that are created pay low wages and often do not offer retirement plans or health coverage .
Here is a graphic look at the widening gap between the nation ’s rich and poor .
Click to Enlarge
# 912262 +( 1006 ) - [ X ]
Chris : well , I only watched Twilight once , so it does n't really count .
Mr. Mann : Oh ?
Chris : 1st time does n't count , 2nd means you 're curious , 3rd time and after means you 're a faggot .
Chris : my uncle said that
Chris : but I think he was talking about buttsex
Mr. Mann :
So basically the same thing ;)
As UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon put it " Violence against women and girls will not be eradicated until all of us – men and boys - refuse to tolerate it " .
Globally , men are taking a stand .
Kenya's Men for Gender Equality Now ( MENGEN ) , a member of the Say NO – UNiTE to End Violence Against Women global coalition , stands out as an inspiring organization .
Since 2001 , MENGEN has worked to involve men in the struggle against gender - based violence and gender - inequality .
To date , the organization has reached thousands of men and women in 21 constituencies across Kenya , championing equality and rejecting violence against women .
During the 2009 global 16 Days of activism against gender violence campaign , MENGEN spearheaded the Men's Traveling Conference , recruiting male role models across Kenya to oppose violence and to start MENGEN branches in their communities .
MENGEN mobilized men and women to sign commitment forms pledging their allegiance to fight gender - based violence ; despite meeting heavy resistance in some towns , several police offices and provincial administrators pledged their support .
On November 25th , the first day of the 16 Days campaign , Malawi Minister for Gender , Children and Community Development , Hon. Patricia Kaliati , launched the official inauguration of MENGEN in Malawi with a powerful statement , " Real Men are not afraid of women ’s empowerment . "
Amnesty International USA could not agree more !
Men can have a huge impact on the struggle to end violence against women , particularly influential role models in the arts or in sports .
For example famed Ivory Coast reggae artist and activist Alpha Blondy recently spoke out against gender violence at a Town Hall meeting in Kigali , Rwanda organized by the UN and the National Women 's Council .
Actors across the board – from the UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon , to the United States Congressional leaders pushing the International Violence Against Women Act ( I - VAWA ) through the halls of Congress , to women suffering gross violence in remote villages – are calling men not only to stop the violence , but also to step up as " Real Men " who encourage , rather than condemn , women 's empowerment .
I -VAWA would authorize support for crucial programs designed to increase men ’s participation in ending violence and in transforming social norms that condone the oppression of women .
We look forward to its introduction , eventual passage and future support for programs engaging men in the struggle against gender violence .
DETROIT -- Detroit Red Wings defenseman Jonathan Ericsson will return to the lineup tonight against the Carolina Hurricanes , after missing 12 games with a deep bone bruise in his left knee .
Defenseman Doug Janik was reassigned to Grand Rapids ( AHL ) .
" ( Janik ) was fantastic for us .
He took a regular shift , killed penalties , so we appreciate that , '' coach Mike Babcock said .
" Now we get to have the Big E back playing , moving the puck , killing penalties and doing what he does .
He ’s been practicing a lot .
If we did n’t think he was ready , he would n’t be playing . ''
Babcock said he 'll probably play Ericsson and Brett Lebda together to start but that Ericsson also will be paired with Brad Stuart .
" I ’ve been skating now for the last week and a half .
It feels good , '' Ericsson said .
" When you skate out there , there ’s not a lot of game situations .
Not a lot of battling , going hard in short spurts , things like that .
That ’s been the problem since I got back on the ice , small things , quick movements .
It ’s a real test , the first game I ’m playing . ''
Brad May is back in the lineup and Ville Leino is a healthy scratch again .
Jimmy Howard will make his 10th consecutive start in goal .
From the Heritage Foundation
Proponents of President Barack Obama's $ 787 billion stimulus bill continue to insist that the massive government bailout played a decisive role in moving the economy out of the recession .
Yet assuming no destructive government actions , the economy 's self - correction mechanism was widely expected to move the economy out of recession in 2009 anyway .
With a parade of " stimulus " bills the past two years ( going back to President George W. Bush 's tax rebate in early 2008 ) , it was entirely predictable ...
In 2008 , 157 French women and seven French men were killed by their spouses or partners , with hundreds more injured in outbursts of domestic violence .
Mr Fillon said the new law had the support of the majority of the government and could come into force within six months .
The summer I turned 6 years old , some of the neighborhood boys started bullying me .
Back then , I owned a pair of cabbage patch kid roller - skates and my favorite activity was skating around the block singing nursery rhymes at the top of my lungs .
One day , a few boys in the 8 - 10 range thought it would be pretty humorous to push me around and watchme flail .
I tried to run from them , but I could n’t skate faster than they could run .
They taunted me for a while and then knocked me down .
Angry , humiliated , and with two freshly skinned knees , I did what any 6 year old girl would do in my position .
I went home and told my Dad .
My Father was an ex marine and always preached the benefits of learning self defense .
Unlike most parents , he had no interest in calling the parents of my bullies to ‘ open up a dialogue ’ or some other such tripe .
Instead , he planned to teach me to kick a little ass .
My Mother balked at this idea .
She did n’t think little girls should be fighting .
Little girls were supposed to have tea parties and then play dress up .
Fighting was for little boys .
“ What if someday a vicious serial killer kidnaps her ? ” my Father asked , “ Do you want her to die weeping and begging for her life ?
Or would you rather she have the courage to wrench the knife from the killer ’s hand and stab him in the throat ? ”
He paused , mid tirade , and said to me , “ If that ever happens , V , stab and twist .
Stab and twist . ”
With my Mother temporarily mollified , My Father took me into the back yard to teach me how to fight .
Nervously , I explained to my Father that not only was I outnumbered by the boys , but they were bigger and stronger than I was .
There was no way that I could beat them .
My Father merely brushed my fears aside .
He said that while they had the advantage of size and strength on their side , I could develop my own advantages .
Here are some tips that he gave me :
1. Always Respond to Threats with Complete Confidence
Sometimes all it takes to make a bully re-think pounding you into a pulp is to make it very clear to him exactly how unafraid you are of a physical confrontation .
When a bully threatens you , he is trying to invoke in you some fear in which he can feed off of .
If you respond to his threats with confidence , even eagerness , it will give him a pause .
If he does n’t chicken out right then and there , he will enter the fight with a slight feeling of unease .
His apprehension is your advantage .
2. Fighting Dirty is Fighting Smart
A fist fight is n’t the same as a karate tournament with judges and points .
Your opponent is trying to hurt you , so do n’t let some silly moral argument prevent you from kicking the little bastard in the nuts .
Throw sand in his eyes , kick him in the back of the knees , bite him , or punch him in the stomach hard enough to knock the wind out of him .
If he ’s got you pinned down and you happen to see a rock out of the corner of your eye ?
Do n’t be afraid to grab that rock and smash his face with it .
There is no shiny trophy waiting for you at the end of this fight , so everything goes .
3. Talk Some Shit
Nothing will rattle your opponent faster than you screaming a steady stream of shit at him while you ’re engaged in combat .
The crazier you sound the better .
If you ca n’t think of anything tough to yell , yell nonsense like , “ I ’m going to eat your eyes ! ”
If you ca n’t think of any nonsense to yell , just plain scream .
The second your opponent suspects that you ’re a freaking lunatic he ’s going to get scared .
Fear causes people to make mistakes .
4. When You Lose , Claim It Did n’t Hurt
Sometimes you ’re just outmatched .
But even losing a fight can be used to your advantage .
When it ’s over , feel free to spit blood in his face and tell him that it ‘ did n’t hurt . ’
Laugh when he walks away .
You might have just gotten your ass kicked six ways from Sunday , but I guarantee you that anyone watching that fight will think twice about ever messing with you in the future .
No one wants to fuck with the crazy kid who feels no pain .
Armed with my new tips and tricks , I laced up my skates and headed out to face the jungle that is childhood .
When the boys confronted me again , I dared them to mess with me .
One ballsy kid lunged towards me with the intent of pushing me down .
Quickly , I kicked that kid squarely between the legs with my skate .
He crumpled to the ground as I hysterically screamed at his friends , “ I’LL EAT YOUR EYES !
I’LL EAT ALL OF YOUR EYES ! ” Terrified , those boys got up and ran like Hell .
I ’ve never felt so empowered in my entire life .
In retrospect , I think my Father was just trying to teach me a little something about fear and courage .
Back then , and even more so today , it became quite popular to advise your children to : Run . Hide .
Look away .
Go get someone bigger .
Be afraid .
As a result , modern children and adults alike are easily paralyzed by fear and have no idea how to defend themselves .
After reading certain articles on my website , I ’ve even seen people comment , “ What is she going to do if she says the wrong thing to the wrong person ?
She ’s going to end up getting hurt or killed . ”
I feel sorry for those people .
So paralyzed by fear of what might happen , that they lack the courage to stand up for themselves or for someone weaker .
I refuse to live my life afraid to say what I feel or do what is right because there might be some mysterious villain lurking in the shadows who is bigger and stronger .
Better to be dead , than to live your life afraid .
Besides , I could just as easily spend my life acting meek and compliant only to still end up with a bullet in my head .
However , because my Father taught me courage , it ’s not likely that I ’d go down without a fight .
Who knows ?
I may even end up wrenching a knife from some psycho’s hands and stabbing him in the throat with it .
Of course , I ’ll remember to stab and twist .
For three decades , Texas congressman and former presidential candidate Ron Paul ’s extreme brand of libertarian economics consigned him to the far fringes even among conservatives .
Not a few times , his views put him on the losing end of 434 - 1 votes on Capitol Hill .
No longer .
With the economy still struggling and political divisions deepening , Paul ’s ideas not only are gaining a wider audience but also are helping to shape a potentially historic battle over economic policy -- a struggle that will affect everything including jobs , growth and the nation ’s place in the global economy .
Already , Paul ’s long - derided proposal to give Congress supervisory power over the traditionally independent Federal Reserve appears to be on its way to becoming law .
His warnings on deficits and inflation are now Republican mantras .
And with this year ’s congressional election campaign looming , the Texas congressman ’s deep - seated distrust of activist government has helped fuel protests such as the tea-party movement , harden partisan divisions in Washington and stoke public fears about federal spending and the deficit .
“ People are wondering what went wrong .
And they ’re not happy with what the government is offering up , ” said James Grant , editor of Grant ’s Interest Rate Observer , offering an explanation for why seemingly wonkish arguments over interest rate policy and the money supply are spilling over onto ordinary Americans .
Some of Paul ’s most extreme views are still beyond the pale for most economists .
Despite the eroding value of the dollar , no one expects the U.S. to return to the gold standard , as Paul advocates ; most economists think that could wreck the economy .
In their less drastic forms , however , Paul ’s ideas are being welcomed by conservatives and viewed with foreboding by liberals .
For conservatives , runaway inflation constitutes the biggest potential threat to the nation ’s future .
Liberals worry that cutting back stimulus efforts too soon could slow or even halt the current recovery .
The debate over that question -- what the basic thrust of U.S. economic policy should be -- is likely to dominate the coming elections and Washington policymaking .
And so far , Paul and his fellow conservatives are on the offensive .
President Obama and congressional Democrats are repeatedly pledging not to increase the deficit and to begin cutting back soon .
“ I think we ’re going to be in for more revival of fiscal responsibility , ” said William Niskanen of the Cato Institute , who headed the Council of Economic Advisors under President Reagan .
Niskanen sees the Texas Republican ’s increasing influence as stemming from the continued economic weakness .
“ To this extent , Ron Paul gains voice , ” he said .
Paul would go a lot further in cutting back the government ’s role than even free - marketers like Niskanen support .
If Paul had it his way , for instance , he would do away with the Fed entirely .
In his bestselling book “ End the Fed , ” he lambasted the central bank as an “ immoral , unconstitutional . . . tool of tyrannical government . ”
Such rhetoric might once have been dismissed as extremism .
But Paul ’s anti-Fed message has drawn broad support because of the central bank ’s failure to restrain the flood of cheap money and excessive risk - taking in the years leading up to the financial crisis .
It has stirred rallies on college campuses and supportive commentaries from Wall Street pundits .
More than 300 representatives in Congress have embraced Paul ’s ideas for reining in the Fed .
The response “ is even more than I ever dreamed , ” Paul said in an interview , reminiscing about one evening during his 2008 White House run when University of Michigan students chanted “ End the Fed ” and burned dollar bills .
Paul , a skinny 74 - year - old with a hangdog expression , understands that historical circumstances have thrust his ideas to the fore .
“ An intellectual fight is going on , ” he said .
Paul traces his economic views to his frugal upbringing in Pittsburgh at the tail end of the Depression .
He saved pennies from delivering newspapers and helping out his father ’s small dairy business .
And his first economics class at Gettysburg College was an eye - opener , Paul said .
When a professor explained how banks keep only a tiny part of their deposits on hand and earn money by lending out the rest , Paul discovered one of the “ tricks ” of the financial system .
Beyond that , Paul ’s ideas are grounded in the work of economic thinkers from an earlier era who focused on problems similar to those besetting the U.S. today .
In particular , Paul is a disciple of Ludwig von Mises , an Austrian theorist born at the end of the 19th century who contended that government intervention in an economy would fail because free markets were better at allocating resources and fueling growth .
Having lived through Germany ’s devastating hyperinflation in the early 1920s , which helped pave the way for Hitler , Mises wrote long before the Great Depression that over - generous credit policies would encourage excessive borrowing , creating a boom and then a bust .
Mises ’ ideas became central to what is known as the Austrian School of economics , which emphasized tight controls on credit and money supply , a strategy that discouraged financial ups and downs but tended to slow growth .
By 1940 , when Mises arrived in America , most Western economists had embraced the competing theories of Britain ’s John Maynard Keynes , who called for government to stimulate the economy by spending on infrastructure and cutting interest rates .
Obama has largely followed the Keynesian script , as President George W. Bush did when the economic crisis broke .
Paul ’s once - lonely espousal of the Austrian School ’s ideas has gotten new impetus from conservative economists and Republican political strategists .
“ A lot of good ideas were shoved aside because of the Depression and the rise of the Keynesian view of the world , ” said George Selgin , an economics professor at the University of Georgia .
Paul contends that Austrian economics explains the most recent financial meltdown : “ It says if you inflate too much , if you have no restraint on monetary authorities , you ’re going to bring on a crisis . ”
Now , Paul says , administration policies are leading the country toward disaster .
Selgin and many mainstream economists agree that pumping too much money into the economy can lead to trouble , but they say Paul goes too far .
In the 1930s , say Selgin and many other economists , including Fed Chairman Ben S. Bernanke , the U.S. economy began pulling out of the Depression thanks to federal easing of monetary policy .
The economy tipped back into depression after the reins were tightened too soon .
“ In this aspect of the monetary system , he ’s just blown it , ” Selgin said of Paul .
However , like Mises , whose portrait hangs on his Washington office wall , Paul is intransigent , and that has earned him an ardent following .
“ His views are strong and hardheaded , but you ’ve got to stand firm or you ’ll get blown over in this world , ” said Mark Skousen , editor of the newsletter Forecasts & Strategies and a former economics professor at Columbia University .
don.lee@latimes.com
There are some great shops at Tokyo Station .
I showed you some photos from a few of the stores on Character Street before .
There are also plenty of souvenir stores , food stores and recently I found this kimono rental store .
If you are around Tokyo Station and want to try renting a kimono , then this could be for you .
When my family visited last year , we went to Kyoto and had the chance for my niece to dress up in kimono and show us how good they can look .
If you get chance to go to Eigamura in Kyoto or Edoland in Nikko , do try the Ninja and Kimono outfits .
Have you or one of your friends tried a kimono when in Japan ?
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
The Author
e-mail submissions to siblingsordating@gmail.com ; click " more " on any post to find out the answer
Here 's how Matthew Kennedy describes his Lispy project :
Lispy is a library manager for Common Lisp , written in Common Lisp .
All of its dependencies except for GPG ( with which signed maps and releases are verified ) are written in portable Common Lisp .
With this approach you should only need a Lisp implementation installed to get started .
The Lispy project has two goals : Implement an easy to use , portable library manager .
Provide a wealth of ready to install libraries .
He just released version 0.5 yesterday , so if his goals sound good to you , go give Lispy a try .
Last year Jochen Schmidt wrote his impressions of Lispy , so check that out too .
The first phase of a groundbreaking national assessment estimates that U.S. forests and soils could remove additional quantities of carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) from the atmosphere as a means to mitigate climate change .
The lower 48 states in the U.S. hypothetically have the potential to store an additional 3 - 7 billion metric tons of carbon in forests , if agricultural lands were to be used for planting forests .
This potential is equivalent to 2 to 4 years of America 's current CO 2 emissions from burning fossil fuels .
" Carbon pollution is putting our world -- and our way of life -- in peril , " said Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar in a keynote speech at the global conference on climate change in Copenhagen , Denmark .
" By restoring ecosystems and protecting certain areas from development , the U.S. can store more carbon in ways that enhance our stewardship of land and natural resources while reducing our contribution to global warming . "
U.S. Geological Survey scientists also found that the conterminous U.S. presently stores 73 billion metric tons of carbon in soils and 17 billion metric tons in forests .
This is equivalent to more than 50 years of America 's current CO 2 emissions from burning fossil fuels .
This shows the need to protect existing carbon stores to prevent additional warming and future harm to ecosystems .
America 's forests and soils are currently insufficient in soaking up the nation 's accelerating pace of emissions .
They currently absorb about 30 percent ( 0.5 billion metric tons of carbon ) of the nation 's fossil fuel emissions per year ( 1.6 billion metric tons of carbon ) .
Enhancing the carbon storage capacity of America's and the world 's ecosystems is an important tool to reduce carbon emissions and help ecosystems adapt to changing climate conditions .
" The tools the USGS is developing -- and the technologies behind those tools -- will be of great use to communities around the world that are making management decisions on carbon storage , " said USGS Director Marcia McNutt .
" The USGS is conducting a national assessment of biologic carbon sequestration , as well as an assessment of ecosystem carbon and greenhouse gas fluxes , which will help determine how we can reduce atmospheric CO 2 levels while preserving other ecological functions . "
To determine how much more carbon could be stored in forests and soils , USGS scientists analyzed maps that represent historical vegetation cover before human alterations , as well as maps of vegetation that might occur if there were no natural disturbances , such as fires , pests and drought .
These maps were compared to maps of current vegetation and carbon storage .
The next phase of this work will assess the additional amount of carbon stored in Alaska 's ecosystems , including its soils and forests .
The USGS plans to collaborate with U.S. Department of Agriculture and other agencies to examine potential carbon storage in soils .
The USGS is conducting research on a number of other fronts related to carbon sequestration .
These efforts include evaluating the potential for storing carbon dioxide in geologic formations below the Earth 's surface , potential release of greenhouse gases from Arctic soils and permafrost , and mapping the distribution of rocks suitable for potential mineral sequestration efforts .
For more information about this assessment , visit http://pubs.usgs.gov/ofr/2009/1283.
The Ecoxotic makes two different LED systems : The Stunner LED strips , which measure 12.5 ” L x 0.6 ” W x 0.4 ” H , contain 24 LEDs , draw 6 watts of power , and can be chained up to six times ( one power supply will power 6 Stunner strips ) .
The Stunner strips come in four color variations : 8000 k white , 403nm actinic , ' ultraviolet ' ( A purple - tinted light that enhances colors in coral ) and 453nm blue - perfect for making your reef tank & coral ' pop ' , or for lighting a nano reef !
The Panorama modules and fixture is just the coolest idea ever : a mountable , flexible lighting fixture consisting of a modular LED lighting system .
The Panorama fixtures come in 17.5 " and 23.5 " versions ( wider aquarium ?
Just add more - even the fixtures are modular ! ) that is completely silent ( fan-less ) and transfers no heat to the aquarium .
Right now the Panorama fixture & modules are a combination 8000 k white and 453nm actinic blue in a 2:1 ratio .
Every part of the system is replaceable , and modules can be swapped in and out to adjust intensity , and color .
Full review of the panorama will hopefully be forthcoming !
Stunner LED strip ( top ) and Panorama Module ( bottom )
I was very impressed with the quality : epoxy sealed electronics mounted on heat sinking coated aluminum with waterproof plugs that easily interconnect ( so you can hook up as many of their Stunner LED strips or Panorama modules as you need ! ) into your existing canopy or fixture ( with the included adhesive or mounting screws ) that come in a variety of colors for accenting your current lighting or creating your own .
I was very impressed with the quality : epoxy sealed electronics mounted on heat sinking coated aluminum with waterproof plugs that easily interconnect ( so you can hook up as many of their Stunner LED strips or Panorama modules as you need ! ) into your existing canopy or fixture ( with the included adhesive or mounting screws ) that come in a variety of colors for accenting your current lighting or creating your own .
Full review coming soon , so sign up for our free newsletter or RSS feed so you do n't miss out on the review and the Captive Aquatics blog custom nano reef build and contest giveaway , to be lit entirely with EcoXotic LEDs !
In the meantime , check out my article about lighting and aquariums .
More about Ecoxotic LED reef aquarium ighting here , and subscribe to our free RSS updates , or free weekly newsletter for updates about LED lighting !
Like this ?
Please bookmark via the social bookmarking buttons below , subscribe to our free RSS feed , and sign up for our free weekly newsletter on the right !
© Captive Aquatics ™ / Captive Aquatics ™ Blog / Sponsor Info
The SEIU is getting involved in the Coakley race .
The polls are all over the place and it looks like this race is going to be close , but one thing is certain .
Martha Coakley needs to win in MA .
It would be a travesty if Sen.
Kennedy 's seat were to go to a teabagger .
And to someone that is n't supporting a tax on the bankers .
Democrats believe President Barack Obama ’s proposed , $ 90 billion tax on big banks will box in Republicans , giving them the choice between siding with the bankers or breaking with the GOP ’s antitax base .
If so , Republican Massachusetts Senate candidate Scott Brown has taken the bait .
His Democratic opponent , Martha Coakley , embraced the bank tax and spent the day goading Brown to take a stand .
“ Now is the time for Scott Brown to tell us what side he ’s on , and who he wants to fight for .
Despite his tea party rhetoric about never supporting a tax hike , the truth is that he has supported more than $ 300 million in new taxes and fees on middle class families .
We ’ll find out if his “ no tax ” pledge only applies to the privileged , ” she said in a statement .
Responding to The Wall Street Journal , the Brown campaign said this evening , “ Scott Brown is opposed to higher taxes , especially in the midst of a severe recession .
Raising taxes will kill jobs .
Martha Coakley ’s tax - raising policies will make it harder to get our economy back on the right track . ”
The Massachusetts race has been closely watched because it is far closer than expected .
The special election will be held Tuesday to fill the Senate seat that had been held by the late Sen. Edward Kennedy .
Police have been accused of misusing powers granted under anti-terror legislation after a series of incidents , ranging from the innocuous to the bizarre , in which photographers were questioned by officers for taking innocent pictures of tourist destinations , landmarks and even a fish and chip shop .
Police are allowed to stop and search anyone in a designated " Section 44 authorisation " zone without having to give a reason .
But amateur and professional photographers have complained that they are frequently being stopped and treated as potential terrorists on a reconnaissance mission .
Last night the Government 's independent reviewer of anti-terrorism laws warned police forces to carefully examine how they use the controversial legislation .
Speaking to The Independent , Lord Carlile of Berriew said : " The police have to be very careful about stopping people who are taking what I would call leisure photographs , and indeed professional photographers .
The fact that someone is taking photographs is not prima facie a good reason for stop and search and is very far from raising suspicion .
It is a matter of concern and the police will know that they have to look at this very carefully , " he added .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Lord Carlile 's comments come just days after a BBC journalist was stopped and searched by two police community support officers as he took photographs of St Paul 's Cathedral .
Days earlier Andrew White , 33 , was stopped and asked to give his name and address after taking photographs of Christmas lights on his way to work in Brighton .
And in July Alex Turner , an amateur photographer from Kent , was arrested after he took pictures of Mick 's Plaice , a fish and chip shop in Chatham .
Most of those stopped are told they are being questioned under Section 44 , a controversial power which allows senior officers to designate entire areas of their police force regions as stop - and - search zones .
The areas are chosen based on their likelihood of being a terrorism target .
More than 100 exist in London alone , covering areas such as the Houses of Parliament , Buckingham Palace and other landmarks .
Every train station in the UK is covered by a Section 44 order .
In the first quarter of this financial year 96 per cent of all Section 44 searches were carried out by the Metropolitan Police and the British Transport Police .
Every area of the UK which has a Section 44 in place is known to the Home Office .
But , due to the fear that the information could be used by terrorists to plan attacks , most of the the exact locations covered by Section 44 authorisations are kept secret , meaning members of the public have no idea if they are in one or not .
Martin Parr , a photojournalist who was threatened with arrest after he took pictures of revellers in Liverpool city centre , said : " Unless we do something to stop this trend it will become virtually impossible to take photographs on a British street . "
The British Journal of Photography says it has received a steadily increasing number of complaints this year .
Olivier Laurent , the magazine 's news editor , said : " The person will normally be taking a photograph of something perfectly mundane and a police officer will approach them and either claim that they can't take photos in that particular place or they will ask the photographer to explain what they are up to and record their details .
" Those who refuse to co-operate have been threatened with arrest for either breaching the peace or impeding the public highway .
We find that a lot of the time police officers are not even aware of the rules governing photography in a public place . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Marc Vallee , a photojournalist who specialises in documenting protests , has become so exasperated at how often photographers are questioned or searched by officers that he has co-founded a campaign group to keep tabs on how public photography is being policed .
The " I'm a photographer , not a terrorist " campaign group now has more than 4,000 supporters and has held a number of protests , including outside Scotland Yard , to highlight what they believe is the growing harassment of amateur and professional photographers by police and over - zealous council officials .
" Why is the act of taking a picture deemed by the state to be so potentially threatening ?
Photography is not a crime but it is being routinely criminalised , " he said .
" Anti-terrorism legislation talks about creating a hostile environment for terrorists to operate but the reality is that it is creating a hostile environment for public photography .
That has an incredibly detrimental effect on freedom of speech . "
Craig Mackey , who speaks for the Association of Chief Police Officers on stop - and - search legislation , said he does have sympathy for photographers , but said that part of the problem was that some officers were not aware how best to use the " complex " legislation .
He said : " It goes back to the issue of briefing and training of staff and making sure they are clear around the legislation we are asking them to use .
There is no power under Section 44 to stop people taking photographs and we are very clear about getting that message out to forces .
" In the past there has been a build - up around photographers and policing .
That said , it is difficult to imagine a scenario where someone taking pictures of Christmas lights would be something we should be dealing with . "
Cairo : Egypt said its archaeologists have unearthed a Ptolemaic temple dating back more than 2,000 years , which may have been dedicated to the ancient cat - goddess Bastet .
The Supreme Council of Antiquities said Tuesday the temple 's ruins were discovered in the Kom el - Dekkah area , in the Mediterranean port city of Alexandria .
It said the temple was thought to belong to Queen Berenice , wife of King Ptolemy III who ruled Egypt in the 3rd century B.C .
The archaeologist who led the excavation team , Mohammad Abdel Maqsood , said the ruins indicate this may be the first Ptolemaic temple discovered in Alexandria to be dedicated to Bastet and indicates that the worship of the cat - goddess continued in Egypt after the end of the ancient Egyptian era .
Holy BlackBerry !
Obama Finds Ways to Keep the Faith During First Year in Office Has the First Family 's D.C. Church Search Come to a Close ?
Jan. 29 , 2010  --
If church attendance is one measure of a man 's faith , then President Obama may appear to have lost some of his .
The first family , once regular churchgoers , have publicly attended services in Washington just three times in the past year , by ABC News ' count , even bypassing the pews on Christmas Day .
Obama quit Chicago 's embattled Trinity United Church of Christ months before taking office in 2008 and has not formally joined a new one in his new hometown .
But sources familiar with the president 's personal life say Obama remains a faithful Christian while in the White House , practicing his beliefs regularly in private with family and the aid of his BlackBerry .
" Barack Obama is a Christian .
He 's always been clear and unapologetic about that , and he 's comfortable with his own faith , " Rev. Jim Wallis , an Obama friend and spiritual adviser , said .
" But I think the president , particularly a president , needs the kind of pastoral care or spiritual counsel with people who do n't have a political agenda .
And it 's hard for a president to get that . "
Obama told ABC Nightline 's Terry Moran that his personal BlackBerry , which he famously fought with the Secret Service to keep , has actually become a tool of keeping the faith during his first year in office .
" My Faith and Neighborhood Initiatives director , Joshua DuBois , he has a devotional that he sends to me on my BlackBerry every day , " Obama said .
" That 's how I start my morning .
You know , he 's got a passage , Scripture , in some cases quotes from other faiths to reflect on . "
Keeping the faith in quiet moments of worship may be the best Obama can do given the realities of the presidency that make it nearly impossible to join a church without inflicting a heavy burden on taxpayers , fellow churchgoers and his own spiritual life , sources say .
Security concerns mean costly and complicated measures to ensure the president 's safety on church outings , including screening every member of the congregation for weapons and sweeping the church building and areas around it for threats .
Incessant media attention is also distracting for any president trying to commune with God , exposing what is traditionally a private practice to public scrutiny , Wallis said .
" I do n't think for them [ the family ] , it 's a political decision , " he said of Obama 's church dilemma .
" I think for the media , it 's a political issue .
Where they land and get their nurture , care and formation ; that 's very difficult for the first family to find . "
After Quitting Home Church , Obamas Improvise
The Obamas announced a search for a new place of worship in late 2008 after a scandal over incendiary comments by then - pastor Rev. Jeremiah Wright forced their separation from Trinity , where they had been members for 20 years .
Days before his inauguration , Obama described to ABC News the " difficult time " of being without a church , saying that despite receiving daily prayers from supporters , " it 's not the same as going to church and the choir 's going and you get this feeling . "
But weeks later , when the Obamas ventured to 19th Street Baptist Church -- one of the oldest , most historic African - American churches in the nation 's capital -- aides say the family was shocked by the circus atmosphere surrounding their attendance and dismayed that some longtime church members could n't even get into the service .
" It is tougher as president , " Obama told ABC's George Stephanopoulos in his first year .
" This is not just an issue of going to church , it 's an issue of going anywhere . "
Joshua DuBois , the White House religious affairs director , said last year that the Obamas " will choose a church home at a time that is best for their family . "
It 's now looking increasingly like their search may be indefinite .
Aides and family friends have spent months visiting various local churches on behalf of the Obamas .
And on two occasions , the first family turned to an old presidential favorite across the street from the White House , St. John 's Episcopal .
Every president since James Madison has attended a service at St. Johns , where pew 54 is designated as " The President 's Pew . "
President Obama also enjoys worshipping " fairly regularly " at the Evergreen Chapel at Camp David , where the Rev. Carey Cash -– a U.S. Navy chaplain and great - nephew of singer Johnny Cash -- ministers , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs has said .
" We 've been attending church , there 's a little chapel up in Camp David when we go up there , " Obama told ABC News ' " Nightline " in July .
" There 's a wonderful young pastor up there , a chaplain , who does just wonderful work .
And the Camp David families attend . "
Obama 's predecessor , George W. Bush , also frequented the chapel at Camp David and ultimately chose not to formally join a church in Washington during his eight years in the White House .
Church Membership Not a Requisite , Presidential Historians Say
A president 's not formally joining a Washington , D.C. , church is consistent with precedent , historians say .
" For the modern presidency , it is not the norm that a president attends church regularly , " University of Maryland presidential scholar Matthew Burger said .
Burger , who studies presidents , religion and public life , points out that George W. Bush and his father , George H.W. Bush , were both " frequent attendees " at local churches but did not formally join a D.C. congregation .
" Ronald Reagan stands out as someone who articulated certainly the values of evangelical Christianity but was a pretty infrequent church attendee , " Burger said .
" He was n't a member officially anywhere . "
Jimmy Carter , who joined First Baptist Church in Washington , stands out as one of the most prominent presidential church - goers .
He attended 72 Sunday services at First Baptist while in office , according to records kept by the Carter Library .
" Whenever he could , when he was on the road , he'd go to church , too , " Steven Hochman , Carter Center researcher and assistant to the former president , told ABCNews.com .
And the Clintons , who attended Foundry United Methodist church near the White House regularly but did not formally join , are perhaps the exception in modern history for first family participation in church life , experts say .
" The fact that Chelsea Clinton was able to be part of the youth group and sing in the youth choir and that all three of the Clintons could just drop in on a Sunday without creating too much of a stir really is a testament to that church congregation and may also have just been a stroke of luck , " said Amy Sullivan , author of " The Party Faithful : How and Why Democrats Are Closing the God Gap , " who also formerly attended Foundry Methodist at the same time as the Clintons .
" I do n't think the Obamas could assume they can do the same thing , and the Bush family concluded they could n't do that in D.C. "
Obama Keeps the Faith on His BlackBerry
Despite the challenges of attending church while in office , Obama has indicated that he has not been detached from his faith or faith communities during his first year .
The President told ABC News in July that he prays every night before going to bed .
" I pray all the time now , " Obama said .
" I 've got a lot of stuff on my plate and I need guidance all the time . "
Aides say some of that guidance comes from the president 's faith advisory council of 25 religious and non-profit leaders who help the administration partner with faith - based and community groups in providing social services .
Rev. Wallis , a member of the council , says the council is another means for the president to hear messages otherwise preached from the pulpit .
" I think he certainly listens to people of faith when we speak about things we are about , " he said .
Obama and all former U.S. presidents professed faith in Christianity , with most men identifying as Episcopalians , according to the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life .
Obama is the first U.S. president who affiliates with the Christian Protestant denomination , the United Church of Christ .
Speaking on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day earlier this month , Obama told a packed Vermont Avenue Baptist church in Washington , D.C. , that faith keeps him grounded .
" I have a confession to make , " he said .
" There are times when I am not so calm .
There are times when progress seems too slow .
There are times when the words spoken about me hurt .
There are times when the barbs sting .
There are times when it feels like all these efforts are for not , that change is so painfully slow in coming and I have to confront my own doubt .
During those times it is faith that keeps me calm . "
ABC News ' Sunlen Miller , Yunji de Nies and Russell Goldman contributed to this report .
One newspaper captioned the picture " the height of humiliation " [ Image : Lior Mizrahi / Israel Hayom ]
Israel has apologised to Turkey in an effort to defuse a row over the treatment of its envoy in Tel Aviv .
Israel 's prime minister said he hoped this " would end the affair " .
Ankara had threatened to withdraw the ambassador unless it received a formal apology from Israel by Wednesday evening .
The row began when the envoy was summoned to Israel 's foreign ministry over a Turkish TV series portraying Israeli agents kidnapping babies .
Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon summoned Ambassador Oguz Celikkol to rebuke him over the fictional television series Valley of the Wolves , popular in Turkey .
Mr Ayalon ensured the ambassador was seated on a lower chair and removed the Turkish flag from the table .
Turkish President Abdullah Gul said the ambassador would " return on the first plane " on Thursday unless Israel issued a public apology .
In the letter of apology , Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu " again expressed his concern over the cooling of the ties between Israel and Turkey " and instructed officials " to find ways to prevent this trend " , according to a statement from his office .
The Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Turkey had received the apology it " wanted and expected in diplomatic terms . "
But at a news conference he added that " Israel must put itself in order and must be more just and more on the side of peace in the region . "
' Repeated provocation ' Footage of Mr Ayalon urging journalists to make clear the ambassador was seated on a low sofa , while the Israeli officials were in much higher chairs , has been widely broadcast by the Israeli media .
He is also heard pointing out in Hebrew that " there is only one flag " and " we are not smiling " .
ANALYSIS Jonathan Head , BBC News , Istanbul
The diplomatic stunt had the potential to escalate into a serious breach between Israel and Turkey .
Clear splits have emerged within Israel 's coalition government over how to handle the Turkish government , which has become an increasingly strident critic of Israel at the same time as it has moved closer to Iran and Syria .
It is less clear what Turkey 's long - term aims are with Israel , for decades a close military and trading partner , but the governing party has said it no longer sees its relationship with Israel as a priority .
Snubs - part of diplomatic game Media condemns Israel over Turkey spat " In terms of the diplomatic tactics available , this was the minimum that was warranted given the repeated provocation by political and other players in Turkey , " he said , according to Reuters .
One Israeli newspaper marked the height difference in a photo , and captioned it " the height of humiliation " .
Last October Israel complained over another Turkish series , which depicted Israeli soldiers killing Palestinians .
In one clip , an Israeli soldier shoots dead a smiling young girl at close range .
The row comes ahead of a planned visit by Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak to Turkey on Sunday .
Turkey has long been an ally of Israel , but relations have deteriorated as Ankara has repeatedly criticised Israel for its offensive in Gaza a year ago .
Rights groups say about 1,400 Palestinians died during the operation , which Israel said had been aimed at ending rocket fire by Hamas .
Thirteen Israelis died during the violence .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the 1980s , kiddie comic Pee - Wee Herman popularized " I know you are but what am I " as an all - purpose retort to schoolyard insults .
Repeated endlessly , the line worked because it turned an attack back on its originator .
But in doing so , it dragged both sides into an unpleasant back - and - forth loop in which any insult , no matter how stupid , was simply slung back at its initiator .
These days , " I know you are but what am I " seems to be the motto underlying the tech - world 's regulatory bickering .
For years , Internet search giant Google has been pushing the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) to step up net neutrality regulations .
By forcing Internet service providers ( ISPs ) to treat each and every piece of information that passes through their systems equally , Net neutrality regulations would arguably give Google the upper hand in its dealings with ISPs , which would be constrained in how they choose to manage their networks .
Google claims its support for neutrality is in the public interest , but the reality is that it is self - interestedly seeking to impose regulatory restrictions on its business partners and competitors .
Yet by pursuing this approach — calling for regulations that may or may not bolster the public good but will certainly bolster its business model — Google has opened itself to similar attacks from its competitors .
And now , as in those old schoolyard battles , Google is finding its own attacks aimed right back at itself .
Most recently , Adam Raff , CEO of Foundem , a web tech company , penned an op -ed for the New York Times arguing that the FCC , currently in the midst of ironing out new net neutrality regulations , should broaden the scope of its regulations to include " search neutrality . "
Raff defines search neutrality as " the principle that search engines should have no editorial policies other than that their results be comprehensive , impartial and based solely on relevance . "
Raff gripes that , by sticking his company with low search results and promoting the results for its own services , Google " stifled [ Foundem 's ] growth and constrained the development of our innovative search technology . "
Indeed , aside from a warning that we may be headed toward a world of Google Everything , he barely makes any effort to argue for the public good , saying straightforwardly that the goal of search neutrality would be to " constrain Google 's competitive advantage . "
Perhaps that 's because , taken on the merits , Raff 's proposal is worthless .
For one thing , he simply ignores the consumer 's right of exit .
If Google 's search results become less useful , users can easily switch to a competing search engine .
To their credit , the decision - makers at Google know this , and that 's why they invest so much time and effort in maintaining the quality of their search results .
Nor is it clear what the danger is in letting search engines promote their own products and services .
With net neutrality , advocates have at least constructed an array of doomsday scenarios , however unlikely or implausible they might be .
But as Freedom To Tinker 's Jonathan Mayer notes , " violations of search neutrality … at most increase marketing costs for an innovative or competitive offering . "
In other words , the likelihood of harm is so minimal that it 's not worth regulating .
Of course , the same could basically be said about broader net neutrality regulations .
In a recent paper for the Progress and Freedom Foundation , Barbara Espin notes that , " There is little or no evidence that broadband ISPs are plotting to alter the fundamental attributes of the Internet in such nefarious ways or of actual consumer harms from today 's broadband network management practices . "
Documented instances of neutrality violations are almost non-existent , and those that have been identified — like Comcast 's slowing of BitTorrent file transfers — have since been settled and corrected .
But proposals like Raff 's make clear the way in which neutrality regulation is being used across the tech sector to tear down or keep competitive advantage .
As Adam Thierer and Berin Szoka argue in their paper " Net Neutrality , Slippery Slopes & High - Tech Mutually Assured Destruction , " the tech industry is increasingly beset by regulatory warfare , in which companies seek to gain or secure competitive advantage not through innovation , but through government - imposed rules restricting competitors ' business models .
Raff , for example , is n't the only one calling for a form of search engine neutrality : AT&T , which faces stepped - up neutrality regulations in both its business as a traditional ISP and its wireless data service , has knocked Google for " search - engine bias " and called upon the FCC to impose strict neutrality standards on Google .
The end result of these battles could be a tech sector crippled by competing , ever - expanding mandates and restrictions .
Thierer and Szoka say we may be witnessing " the first strikes in what threatens to become an all - out , thermonuclear war in the tech industry over increasingly broad neutrality mandates . "
An absurdist like Pee - Wee Herman might be proud , but in this Internet - scale exchange of I - know - you - are - but - what - am - I , the rest of us stand to lose .
Peter Suderman is an associate editor at Reason magazine .
In April 2009 , Rafael Correa was elected to his second term as president of Ecuador with 51 % of the vote .
This gave him a mandate to continue and deepen the program of reforms and structural changes initiated since he first became president in November 2006 .
In three years Correa ’s government has introduced unprecedented social and economic reforms – known as the Citizens ’ Revolution – to reverse the poverty and exploitation suffered by the majority of the population in a country which has been ravaged by neoliberalism .
Correa has announced that Ecuador is building socialism for the 21st century and joined the Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas ( ALBA ) .
In late October 2009 , he made a brief trip to London , speaking at universities and to over 1000 Ecuadorians living and working in London , en route to a formal state visit to Russia .
On December 13 , 2009 , Helen Yaffe had the privilege of interviewing President Correa during a boat trip on the River Thames and a translation appears here .
[ This interview first appeared in socialist newspaper Fight Racism !
Fight Imperialism ! , # 212 , December 2009 / January 2010 .
It has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission . ]
Helen Yaffe :
In what way is ALBA distinct from previous attempts by Latin American countries to develop mutually beneficial trade and investment strategies ?
Rafael Correa :
In every way because it is integration based on fraternal solidarity , not between competitors , which has been the great mistake in the past .
The integration that we have sought , above all in recent years , has been orientated towards trade , to having larger markets and competing between us .
In ALBA we do n’t talk about competition , we speak of coordination in energy , finances and even in defence , but coordination , not competition .
In 1965 , Che Guevara said , " there should be no more talk about developing mutually beneficial trade based on prices imposed on the backward countries by the law of value and the international relations of unequal exchange that result from the law of value …
We have to prepare conditions so that our brethren can directly and consciously take the path of the complete abolition of exploitation … "
How does ALBA trade and the formation of supranational companies achieve this – constraining commercial exchanges based on profit - particularly given that , with the exception of Cuba , the means of production in the ALBA states are predominantly in private hands ?
The question of value is perhaps the most difficult and complex economic problem .
It is clearly very difficult to remove the question of monetary prices when large parts of the means of production are in private hands .
But with ALBA we are experimenting with other forms of exchange , not necessarily based on market prices but on mutual compensation , collaboration and bi-national enterprises .
For example , since the beginning of my government I have sent crude oil [ to Venezuela ] and they refine it and charge me the cost .
So , Che was right , and you are right , it is difficult to remove the law of value , basically monetary prices imposed by the market , when the means of production are in private hands and are guided by the logic of capitalism , the logic of profit .
But at the level of countries something can and is being done .
For example , Chavez has a lot of experience with petrol in the area of the Caribbean where he gives petrol without considering the market prices but considering the costs and the need for help and other circumstances .
We are doing a lot of this .
We are seeking food sovereignty and sovereignty in health , producing our own medicines , guiding ourselves by planning and coordination , without competition and without this relationship to the market .
Let me state something clearly , Marxism has not overcome this question of value either .
It is very difficult .
Sometimes you can remove monetary prices set by the market , other times you cannot .
You have to try to prevent speculation and the power of the market .
There is the problem of what value is , and the problem of utility also – the markets try to respond through supply and demand .
Supply expresses the costs of production and the social costs of producing ; demand expresses preferences , the usefulness to the consumer , but in practice with an unequal distribution of income , price represents anything , not the intensity of preference .
So the problem is there and no - one has been able to convincingly solve it .
In its trade the Soviet Union also used money prices , not necessarily set by the market , but not compensations based on equivalent values either .
There are alternative proposals , like the one for equivalent values presented by Heinz Dietrich who works on socialism for the 21st century , but all these alternatives are insufficient and inapplicable .
This term " socialism for the 21st century " is sometimes used as a way of rejecting all the antecedents , all previous struggles …
There are things which should be superseded – I have spoken with Raul and Fidel about Cuba – for example , state ownership of all the means of production .
Of course there should be a certain space for private property and obviously the strategic sectors , certain areas which are fundamental for food sovereignty and so on , should be controlled by the state .
But in the 21st century , it is difficult to sustain state ownership of all the means of production .
It is also difficult if you permit small private production .
What controls are there to prevent the accumulation of capital or speculation ?
This is easier than directly managing everything .
Announcing the plan for land distribution , Ecuador ’s minister of agriculture said that the land was " not considered to be a commodity , but for its social function , as a means of production , a place for settlement and a way of living " .
This is important .
There are things which are not commodities – the earth , water – that have to be under state control – their exchange has to be controlled .
We are introducing a law where the state has to authorise the sale and purchase of land to avoid what has occurred in the past – peasants cheated and left without land .
But the land is going to be theirs and the communes ’ ; it is not going to belong to the state .
Under control of the state – that ’s another matter .
It is similar to the new campaign in Cuba to distribute lands in usufruct .
They have to produce , if they do n’t produce , the land will be taken back .
Yes .
We are also going to distribute 130,000 hectares of state land and we are drawing up an inventory of all the unproductive private lands to distribute – around one and a half million hectares .
This is why they are desperate to destabilise us so quickly .
Che Guevara believed in using the technological advances and managerial methods of capitalism but with different social objectives …
You were trained in economics in the US and you have spoken about the poor quality of university education in Ecuador .
How does your government plan to train skilled workers , while at the same time forging a political commitment to social development and the Citizens ’ Revolution ?
What Che did was commonsense .
Technology cannot be the patrimony of capitalism – there is no capitalist technology , just technology .
Of course it uses the human resources formed by capitalism .
The Cuban Revolution benefited from the human resources formed by the Soviet Union , China and so on .
For the development of our countries we have to emphasise technology and this is linked to human resources .
We are not referring to having technology without the human resources capable of using and generalising it , so we are introducing major reforms in education that have generated resistance from the groups which have always appropriated the education system .
Public education in Ecuador is very bad , we need to make a huge effort to improve it and higher education is also terribly bad .
We have a new law which , among other things , obliges universities to carry out research .
At present , half of the universities do n’t spend 20 centavos on research .
Their argument is that resources are scarce .
But there is Cuba , with few resources , carrying out research .
Resources are always going to be scarce , but these universities have invested in expensive extensions instead of funding research .
We have strong programmes to improve education , the law of higher education , scholarship programmes , to train people in other countries , and clear policies to invest in science and technology despite the scare resources .
The development of revolutionary consciousness and commitment depends on various factors .
I believe that part of this education is about social commitment , without it being partisan .
I also believe that when leaders are seen to have enthusiasm and a real desire to change the country , people support this desire for change .
The future professionals , who will be trained because of this change , are going to have this revolutionary consciousness .
With this dynamic period Ecuadorian society is living through – along with the opportunities that we are creating – we believe that all these new professionals who are receiving scholarships , who go abroad to train , will develop this revolutionary consciousness .
But you are probably right that we have to work more directly on this .
We are already training people , but what you said about revolutionary consciousness is more difficult to achieve .
We have political education schools , but we lack structure in the Movimiento País [ the political organisation which Correa heads ] , we lack consolidation and this is perhaps the great challenge that we face .
The next question is about the SUCRE [ the common trading currency among ALBA countries ] – how will it function ?
It is very easy , we are going to start pilot operations to test it .
It is a system of compensation .
It is for commercial or private trade .
It will not be pegged to the dollar .
We are going to create an electronic currency and we wo n’t have to use any [ US ] dollars .
If the aim of the SUCRE is to replace the dollar in trade between ALBA countries , is the goal eventually to replace the dollar as the national currency of Ecuador ?
No .
We are minimising the need for dollars .
Unfortunately , Ecuador adopted the dollar as the national currency [ in 2000 ] .
It is very difficult to undo dollarisation ; it could create a total social cataclysm .
How can the ALBA countries defend themselves against the kind of reaction seen with the coup in Honduras ?
Well , there is no infallible defence , but , for example , [ the media organisation ]
Telesur is a great assistance – in providing information – imagine , before that the news came from CNN – as is having strong relations between countries for mutual support .
But there is nothing that guarantees that this cannot happen in Ecuador , in Venezuela , in Bolivia .
We must be very well organised .
You know that our governments have great popular support , but we are not organised to defend our process from any intent at destabilisation .
They tried to do this in Ecuador a few days ago and unfortunately indigenous people and teachers collaborated .
A small group of teachers called a totally unjustified indigenous uprising and the right wing began a campaign in their newspapers claiming that the popularity and credibility of the president had fallen .
They are also preparing mobilisations in Guayaquil .
They had everything ready when we managed to resolve the problems , but perhaps not next time .
Basically every country has to organise its internal structures .
Recently you spoke about socialism for the 21st century in Ecuador combining elements of " classical socialism " , the socialism of Mariategui and liberation theology , and socialism based on Ecuadorian conditions .
Can you expand on these concepts ?
Socialism for the 21st century is a process of construction which tries to take the best of traditional socialism , but also of other socialisms that have existed , like Andean socialism , agrarian socialism and also , at least in Ecuador , you note the social doctrine of the church , liberation theology .
We are a Christian continent .
In Cuba , they declared the state to be atheist when the people were believers .
This created big conflicts and impeded , perhaps pointlessly , significant support because there were many Catholics committed to the revolution .
They recognised the mistake and rectified it decades ago .
A much better and legitimate strategy is to guide religion to be revolutionary also .
This is what liberation theology did .
Basically the message was " enough with this theology that tells us to endure exploitation in life because after death you are going to have the Kingdom of Heaven " .
No , the Kingdom of Heaven must be made here – it is the kingdom of justice .
You have to struggle against injustice .
21st century socialism is based on this search for social justice , and it coincides with the social doctrine and liberation theology .
This project can be joined by atheists , practising Catholics – because I am a practising Catholic .
It does n’t contradict my faith which , on the contrary , reinforces the search for social justice .
Socialism for the 21st century seeks this change through democratic processes and the vote , we have became accustomed to this in Latin America , it is no longer through armed struggle .
There are things in traditional socialism which we agree with ; the primacy of human labour above capital , the need for collective action , the need for planning , the role of the state in the economy , the search for justice in all its dimensions , social justice , gender justice , ethnic justice , international justice .
But we are obliged to reject some elements of traditional socialism which are not feasible or desirable ; class struggle , violent change and dialectical materialism itself .
This will grate with you as a Marxist , but any attempt to explain processes as complex as the advance of human society with simple or simplistic laws will fail .
Just as it is simplistic to say that the motor for the advance of society is individualism , abstracted from culture , the community , etc , it is also a simplification to say that it is class struggle , the opposition of forces within the productive system .
A technological revolution can create more social changes in the revolutions in production than by supposed dialectical materialism , the conflict between oppositional forces .
Not only this , dialectics takes as an infallible law thesis , anti-thesis and a synthesis which emerges and is better than what you began with .
It does n’t have to be that way .
You can have a thesis that is true , you present an antithesis that is erroneous , and the synthesis can be worse than the thesis .
This is the reality we have lived in Latin America .
We propose something that is correct , we are told some nonsense in the name of democracy , of dialogue , and we have united the two proposals and produced a synthesis , but the synthesis is worse than what we had before .
We have to improve all these things , it is necessary to be objective , it is not necessary to be romantic .
Does n’t what happened in Honduras , or before that in Venezuela , demonstrate the importance of class struggle ?
We completely agree that the great challenge in our countries is to change the relation of forces and pass from a state which is captured by certain powers to a state that represents popular power .
This is the first step in Latin America , but to go from that to believing that this change in the relation of forces will resolve everything is a mistake in my view .
There are many important things to consider .
The technological base , cultural changes ; also be careful about how you identify the poor .
The poor have many values , but they often make mistakes .
It is not certain that the masses , the proletariat , are always right .
You can convert a bourgeois state into a popular state , but that does not mean that it is going to take all the right decisions .
For example , Latin America has to make huge cultural changes .
Among the Indigenous people , who are so mythologised , is where there is most interfamilial violence , but these things are not spoken about .
So the point is not only about transforming the structures , it is also about transforming the family , people , transforming culture , transforming technology .
There are many factors which generate social advance .
It is a very complex process .
This is a difference .
We do not reject dialectical materialism , but neither do we accept that the idea that it is fundamental for us , as the motor for society , producing class struggle which means violent changes .
Perhaps the greatest error that traditional socialism made was in not disputing the notion of development proposed by capitalism .
They sought the same , via a faster and supposedly more just route , but the same , in the Soviet Union – industrialisation , mass consumption , accumulation – this was a mistake .
It is impossible to generalise the Western development model .
If all the Chinese people achieved the standard of living of people here in London , the world would explode .
Traditional socialism never presented an alternative notion of development .
Today we are presenting this alternative .
To what extent can we say that the welfare - based development model of socialist Cuba , and its global status achieved through its internationalist health and education programs , was the inspiration to ALBA .
UNTIL the last few years , Andheri in North Mumbai was best known for being the largest suburb in India ’s largest city .
Industrial offices and dirt - caked apartment buildings framed streets so densely packed with cars and scooters that traveling a mile could easily take a half - hour .
Today , the traffic is thicker than ever , but this once - bland area has reinvented itself into a destination neighborhood full of elegant flats , trendy restaurants and bars , top - quality spas and a mix of big name - brand stores and homegrown boutiques .
The overcrowding and astronomical cost of living in South Mumbai have led to an influx of young professionals , families with young children and expats in Andheri , where the housing prices are more digestible .
And , since the suburb is also home to studios where Bollywood movies and television shows are filmed , show - biz types have also moved in .
The neighborhood ’s newfound reputation was solidified with the 2007 opening of Mega Mall , a large shopping complex with international stores like Sisley and S.
Oliver .
Updated : June 24th , 2020
The Idea
For the past month I have been exploring options and building a perfect Home Theater PC for my 50 ” Vizio plasma .
Besides the obvious , it has to play movies , youtube videos , etc , I had a few concrete goals in mind .
Here they are :
it absolutely had to handle 1080P h264 , specifically movies encoded using x264 .
An average movie size for this format is between 8.5 and 13 GB .
There were 2 problems to overcome : the CPU had to be able to handle the decoding ( my desktop dual core Conroe barely kept up ) and the network had to be fast enough to stream in real time from my storage PC a floor away .
I needed to have the easiest control over the whole thing .
VNC was n’t good enough , because I do n’t always have a laptop lying around .
It had to support 7.1 sound .
It had to have excellent picture quality on the TV , preferably during both movies and regular browsing / reading , etc. HDMI / DVI was optional , depending on how good the analog quality was .
It had to be as cheap as possible but still good enough to do the job really well .
It had to have a serial port ( most micro ATX motherboards nowadays do not , which is upsetting ) .
It had to look slick and unconventional – unlike a regular PC .
Setup
After lots of research , I used the following components from the following sources ( best deals I could find ) :
Processor
Intel Pentium Dual - Core E2200 Processor , 2.2 GHz , $ 79.99 , no tax , and free shipping .
I decided to go for a relatively cheap but still very powerful CPU and the results exceeded my expectations .
More below .
Motherboard
ASUS P5KPL -CM LGA 775 Intel G31 Micro ATX Intel Motherboard , $ 67 , no tax , and free shipping .
Also available on Newegg for $ 54.99 + tax + $ 8.97 shipping .
It has on - board 7.1 sound , 2 PCI slots , and a serial port ( for my good old Packard Bell serial remote control ) .
No HDMI / DVI and no onboard RAID but I did n’t need those .
Memory ( RAM )
OCZ SLI - Ready 2GB ( 2 x 1GB ) 240 - Pin DDR2 SDRAM DDR2 800 ( PC2 6400 ) Dual Channel Kit Memory ( OCZ2N800SR2GK ) .
$ 38.99 + tax , free shipping – $ 25 rebate .
Also available on Amazon .
Case and Power Supply
Antec New Solution Series NSK2480 Case , $ 107.99 , no tax +
$ 17.82 shipping – $ 8 coupon ( code : TAKER ) .
Even cheaper on Amazon .
The case already comes with a 380W power supply , so I did n’t need to buy a separate one .
It provides plenty of power for the HTPC .
Also , there ’s a lot of space inside for ventilation , and I did n’t get a crammed feeling when installing my components .
Ventilation is a separate point I ’d like to highlight with this case , as it came with 2 120 mm fans and 2 extra ones just in case .
The lowest of 3 speed settings has worked great for me .
Wireless HTPC Keyboard +
Mouse
DSI 2.4GHz Wireless Keyboard with Optical trackball , Black , FK - 760 , $ 52.99 , no tax , and free shipping .
Inspired by the famous mysql geek Jeremy Zawodny here and here .
Update : Still having doubts about what the best HTPC keyboard for the money is , I started a thread on avsforum.com titled the keyboard you can see pictured below can be branded by DSI , Adesso , and other companies but it ’s the same thing , so there ’s no point trying out the Adesso one if the DSI did n’t work well for you .
the DSI / whatevercloneofit fit my needs best , after comparing it to Logitech diNovo Mini and the full size diNovo version , Microsoft , and others .
the price of ~ $ 50 is simply unbeatable .
the trackball mouse is probably the best for a keyboard of this type .
I tried the touchpad on the diNovo and it was crap .
the left mouse trigger button located on the right side under the keyboard as well as the left / right mouse buttons on the left side of the keyboard are exactly what I wanted from the usability point of view .
I can hold the keyboard with either hand and still click like a champ .
Still having doubts about what the best HTPC keyboard for the money is , I started a thread on avsforum.com titled Best HTPC keyboard reception - wise ?
Adesso vs DSI vs Logitech vs … ?
With the forum ’s help , I arrived at these conclusions :
Tip :
My only complaint with the DSI was spotty reception from my couch , which is about 12 feet away from the computer .
If there was something in the line of sight ( huh ?
Is n’t it supposed to be 2.4 Ghz ? ) , the mouse started getting choppy and I was missing keystrokes .
However ,
My only complaint with the DSI was spotty reception from my couch , which is about 12 feet away from the computer .
If there was something in the line of sight ( huh ?
Is n’t it supposed to be 2.4 Ghz ? ) , the mouse started getting choppy and I was missing keystrokes .
However , Charger2000 ’s suggestion to buy a USB extension cord ( I bought this one from monoprice.com ) and use it to raise the keyboard receiver to about 5 feet off the ground worked like a charm and I am finally very happy .
Wireless PCI Card ( 802.11N )
Airlink AWLH6080 300N Wireless - N & G PCI Adapter for Desktops , $ 44.99 + tax , no shipping as I picked it up at a local Fry’s .
I needed to start experimenting with 802.11N because I did n’t want a swarm of network cables laying around .
More on this later but I can tell you it ’s great .
Also available on Amazon .
Windows 7 picked it up with no extra drivers to install .
Perfect .
If you can't find any Airlinks around , Amazon has plenty of other Wireless N cards to pick from ( I would try to match the router brand , btw ) .
Wireless Router ( 802.11N )
Airlink AR680W 300N Wireless - N & G Router , I think about $ 50 + tax at Fry ’s .
Also available on Amazon .
Or , again , if you can't find Airlink available , there are plenty of other Wireless N routers .
Speakers , Surround Sound
Logitech Z-5500 505W 5.1 Speakers , on sale at Dell for $ 170 a few months ago .
Also available on Amazon .
DVD Player / Burner
LG Black DVD Burner , $ 25 or so .
I picked a cheap and good one , and it ’s worked flawlessly .
I decided to skip trying to match the silver shade with the case and just go for the black one .
I am not interested in Bluray players but if you are , you are welcome to substitute this DVD player for one .
Graphics Card [ OPTIONAL ]
MSI GeForce 9400 GT 512MB PCI - Express Graphics Card for $ 60.43 with free shipping and no tax on Amazon .
Optional because the motherboard already contains a VGA out which proved to be personally enough for me .
However , this card is awesome if you need more performance for gaming or more than just VGA – for example HDMI or DVI .
Check this out .
This 9400GT has HDMI , VGA , and DVI outputs !
Update : Kyron in the comments mentions a trick to allow passing sound over HDMI using this card .
I was also careful in selecting a card with a single slot cooler profile – most new video cards nowadays come with an extended cooler which hangs over a nearby PCI slot , which is absolutely unacceptable when you only have 2 of them .
You do n't need a low profile video card if you use the recommended NSK 2480 case – any card with a regular height will do .
Sound Card [ OPTIONAL ]
Diamond Multimedia XtremeSound 7.1 Sound Card with Dolby Digital Live ( XS71DDL ) for $ 50 , free shipping and no tax on Amazon .
If you need a digital optical out or decided to go with another motherboard that does n’t support 7.1 sound but want to have 7.1 , I found that this sound card works really well .
Make sure you have a free PCI slot if you ’re planning on using this card ( the motherboard I picked has 2 PCI slots , 1 of which is used by the wireless card , so you should be able to add on another PCI card without a problem ) .
Hard Drive
Some old 60 GB hard drive .
I ’m planning on streaming most things , so it ’s not worth spending any money on this item .
You can pick a 1TB Western Digital Black drive on Amazon for about $ 100 .
Operating System
Update 5/12/09 : Windows XP
7 .
The new Windows 7 is still in RC at the time of this writing but it is so good and so ready that many are already using it in their day - to - day systems .
I put Windows 7 onto this HTPC a few days ago and I must say – I am very - very impressed .
There 's not a single hiccup , bug , blue screen , or hangup .
The OS is beautiful , sleek , fast , robust , and operational .
It even comes with its own Media Center but it did n't seem to detect any of my media on remote servers .
I highly recommend Windows 7 .
If you 're not afraid to try Linux ( you should n't be – it's great and free ) , I recommend Ubuntu or OpenSUSE .
Verdict
The final product exceeded my expectations .
Not only did it play 1080P h264 perfectly , it did n’t even need a separate graphics card to take over the load .
The CPU usage is about 35 - 40 % when playing 720P and 40 - 50 % when playing 1080P .
No need for DVI or HDMI input – the standard VGA connector is very crisp and provides much better fine print and detail than HDMI .
I can read and browse small font without any problems .
The sound is superb as well , after all the tweaking , so no additional sound or video cards were needed .
Using the wireless ultra light keyboard as well as the remote , I am now able to control everything on the screen with ease .
Update 1/2/09 : having used this PC for a few months now , I stand by all of my selected components .
The system is stable ( has n’t crashed once ) and runs cool and fast .
Temperatures , Ventilation , Cooling
The case provides excellent ventilation , as I already mentioned .
The CPU idles at about 30C and goes to 45 - 48C when playing the highest quality 1080P HD video I could find .
In short , the case is cool and quiet .
Wireless ( 802.11N )
After playing around with the 802.11N ( or at least Airlink 101 ’s implementation ) , I have to say I ’m quite impressed .
I get speeds of between 3 and 5 MB/s ( Megabytes per second ) and all 720P and most 1080P content streams live .
Some really hi-res 1080P movies require to be downloaded first , which confuses me .
During streaming , instead of using 4 - 5 MB/s , VLC ( or MPC , or any other player I ’ve tried ) uses only about 1 - 2 MB/s and starts lagging .
I do n’t yet have a workaround for the player to utilize 100 % of my bandwidth and stop lagging .
Do you ?
One thing I really hated about Airlink101 is their software ( the firmware seems great so far ) .
It ’s the most basic piece of crap software accompanying hardware I ’ve ever seen .
Absolutely no thought and effort went into it – I believe it ’s still on version 1.0 or 1.1 .
It ’s so bad , even the Windows default wireless manager is better .
The final straw was the absence of a setting to connect to preferred networks only .
After I found my computer randomly connected to some open netgear network one day , I decided to not use Airlink 101 ’s software for a long - long time , maybe ever .
The Sound
ASUS ’ onboard 7.1 HD audio delivers very decent sound .
I ’ve installed the latest drivers , enable virtual fill ( so that 2 channel sound gets automatically distributed to all speakers ) , and hooked up the Logitech Z5500 5.1 and another Logitech 2.1 to form a pseudo 8.2 speaker system .
This thing has thump !
A note on VNC : I ended up not using it as it was creating sync issues while playing video ( vsync ? ) .
If I turn on VNC while playing a video ( and even if I turn it off ) , the vsync issues are quite apparent .
The wireless keyboard is a better solution anyway , so I am quite happy with it ( though it could use larger operational range ) .
HTPC / Media Center Software
Network file sharing + file manager ( Total Commander or any other ) +
Media Player Classic + ffdshow codec set have worked very well but I still wanted to find the perfect media center program for visually pleasing media experience .
It turns out there are a few candidates .
Here they are :
XBMC – free , not bad at all , but it was too buggy and could n’t find my network drives .
Mediaportal – also free and also buggy .
It could n’t play a lot of video files .
SageTV – not free .
Worse than the 2 above .
Absolutely no reason to pay for something this bad when free alternatives are available .
MeediOS – free .
Too buggy to even run .
Boxee – free , there is an alpha Windows version but it ’s quite buggy .
Boxee is probably the best one of them all , at least looking at all the recommendation on the web but the software is n’t very stable yet .
It ’s very socially oriented , which I like a lot .
They ’re active on twitter .
GB - PVR – a Windows PVR and Media Center .
Have n’t tried it as I ’m now convinced I ’m better off without a MC .
Anything else major I ’m missing ?
So , as of this time , Total Commander , Media Player Classic , and the ffdshow are still my preferred method of watching videos .
I do n’t feel that any of the programs I ’ve tried are ready for prime time yet .
Remaining Work
I ’d like to figure out how to wake up the machine on keyboard event .
I do n’t think it ’s possible with the wireless keyboard like that , but I ’m not 100 % on that .
Update 3/1/09 : Figured it out : Figured it out : – open up Control Panel
– go to your Keyboard
– select the Power tab
– pick the right keyboard
– click Properties
– go to the Power Management tab
– check the " Allow this device to bring the computer out of standby " option .
If you want , you can repeat the same actions with your mouse .
Worked like a charm , except Windows currently wakes up from sleep randomly if this setting is on ( both XP and Windows 7 ) – I am unsure of the fix right now .
I ’d like to know how to stream videos utilizing full network capacity rather than buffering what 's needed and hiccupping when a slowdown occurs .
Pictures Of The Final System
And I could n’t resist :
A comparison of how different scripting languages treat their users .
/ tmp$ perl - le ' print 07 ' 7 / tmp$ perl - le ' print 08 ' Illegal octal digit ' 8 ' at -e line 1 , at end of line Execution of -e aborted due to compilation errors .
/ tmp$ python -c ' print 07 ' 7 / tmp$ python -c ' print 08 ' File " " , line 1 print 08 ^ SyntaxError : invalid token
/ tmp$ php -r ' print 07 '
Parse error : parse error in Command line code on line 1 / tmp $ php -r ' print 07 ; ' 7 / tmp $ / tmp $ php -r ' print 08 ; ' 0
While we are still waiting for the patch and the malicious PDFs which exploit CVE - 2009 - 4324 become more and more nasty , here 's another quick excursion in dissecting and analyzing hostile PDF files .
We 'll take a closer look at the sample that fellow ISC Handler Bojan already analyzed , but will this time do a static analysis without actually running the hostile code .
$ md5sum Requset.pdf
192829aa8018987d95d127086d483cfc Requset.pdf
$ ls - ald Requset.pdf
-rw-r----- 1 daniel handlers 952206 2010-01-03 23:57 Requset.pdf
One of the tools that work very well to analyze PDFs is Didier Stevens ' excellent script " pdf-parser.py " .
Running pdf-parser.py -f Requset.pdf | more nicely dissects the PDF into its portions , and also de-compresses packed sections .
Almost at the end of the output , we encounter Object # 44 :
The code is included here as an image , to keep your anti-virus from panicking .
The blue box marks the surprisingly short and efficient shell code block of only 38 bytes length that Bojan mentioned in his earlier diary .
The red box marks the call to " media.newPlayer " with a null argument , which is a tell - tale sign of an exploit for CVE 2009 - 4324 , the currently still unpatched Adobe vulnerability .
If all we wanted to know is whether this PDF is hostile , we can stop here : Yes , it is .
Taking a completely different tack on the same sample , a brute force method in analysis that often works , and also works in this case , is to check the sample for XOR encoded strings .
XORSearch , another one of Didier Stevens ' cool tools ( URL ) helps with this task .
Let 's check if the sample contains a XOR encoded representation of the string " http "
$ XORSearch Requset.pdf http
Found XOR 00 position E6340 : http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns# " >.
Found XOR 00 position E63A9 : http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/ " >.
< xmp:Modif
[...etc ...]
Found XOR 85 position D870 : http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#'
xmlns
Found XOR 85 position D8A7 : http://ns.adobe.com/iX/1.0/'>..<rdf:Description rd
Found XOR 85 position DAD4 : http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/mm/'
xapMM:DocumentID=
Found XOR 85 position DB86 : http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' dc:format='appli
Found XOR 85 position 1054D : httpshellopencomMand.SoftwareMicrosoftActive
Well , a XOR with zero is not overly exciting , all this means is that the file contains these URLs in plain text .
But a XOR with 85 , and one that seems to be doing some sort of shell .
open ... now that 's intriguing .
Let 's simply XOR the entire PDF file with 0x85 , and see what we get :
$ cat Requset.pdf | perl - pe 's / (. ) / chr( ord ( $ 1) ^0x85 ) / ge ' | strings | more
gfJV
w )
pf
S>S2X4
[...etc ...]
z <o *
7Fpo
! This program can not be run in DOS mode .
L8Rich
M_*K
. text
`.rdata
Now lookie , it seems as if this PDF contains an embedded executable !
And a bit further down in the de-xored file , we find
hepfixs.exe
baby
{ 38FC368D-A5D0-21DA-0404-080501030704}
cecon.flower-show.org
ws2_32
SOFTWAREClasseshttpshellopencomMand
SoftwareMicrosoftActive SetupInstalled Components
This gives us a potential domain name ( cecon.flower -show. org ) , and also a ClassID .
Searching for { 38FC368D-A5D0-21DA-0404-080501030704} in Google , we find a recent ThreatExpert analysis
http://www.threatexpert.com/report.aspx?md5=b0eeca383a7477ee689ec807b775ebbb that matches perfectly to what we found within this PDF .
Given the time later during my 24 hr shift here at the ISC , I 'll post another diary to take a look at other hostile PDF samples that we received .
If you got any interesting potentially hostile PDFs , please send them in !
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
UPDATED : Text - to - give campaigns have gone viral in the two days following the massively destructive 7.0 earthquake in Haiti on Jan. 12 .
The immediacy of texting makes it incredibly easy for those following the quake from afar to show their support by adding a small amount to their cell phone bills ( especially in the U.S. , where the two major campaigns are based ) .
But at this point , it ’s far from immediate that the $ 5 you send to Wyclef Jean ’s Yele Haiti foundation or $ 10 to the American Red Cross actually gets to Haiti , because it ’s standard practice in the young mobile giving industry for donations to be delayed by 90 days .
The Red Cross , whose campaign is being publicized by the White House and the U.S. State Department , is accepting $ 10 donations via texting “ Haiti ” to 90999 in a program powered by Mobile Accord ’s mGive .
As of this morning , that campaign alone had raised $ 3 million ( see the map image below for a distribution of donations ) .
The State Department had actually been responsible for initiating the Red Cross campaign with a call to Mobile Accord chairman James Eberhard ( who had met Secretary Clinton at a dinner earlier this month , but got the call while traveling in Pakistan this week ) .
It was activated at 9 p.m. ET on Tuesday and had raised $ 800,000 by 3 p.m. Wednesday .
$ 3 million easily tops mGive ’s previous record of $ 450,000 donated to Alicia Keys ’ children foundation , which was publicized through “ American Idol . ”
The Mobile Giving Foundation , which is powering Wyclef ’s parallel campaign and has not yet released Haiti totals , said it expected to raise a total of $ 2 million in all of 2009 .
Both organizations say neither they nor mobile carriers are taking a cut from the Haiti donations .
However both Mobile Accord ( which is a for - profit company , but operates 100 percent pass - through mobile donation campaigns through the mGive Foundation ) and the Mobile Giving Foundation admit it usually takes 90 days from the time of donation to the time it is received by the intended charity , in part because they are collected through each customer ’s normal cell phone billing cycle .
That ’s eons in disaster recovery time .
Earlier today mGive posted to Twitter , “ We are currently working with the carriers to reduce this window .
We will tweet when he have an update on this . ”
A spokesperson for mGive added via email , “ It would be inaccurate to talk about them as ‘ carrier ’ delays .
The delays are just in the business processes that were set up when the mobile giving channel was created .
Like all new systems , it will improve as we grow and learn . ”
A spokesperson for Verizon ( s vz ) — which like most carriers is waiving SMS fees for Haiti donations — told DailyFinance , “ We understand the need to get this money into the pipeline ASAP and we ’re looking at ways to do that internally .
People want to give now , and the money needs to get there as soon as possible . ”
Sounds like a plan .
C’mon carriers — let ’s get cracking !
Update : Around noon PT Friday , Verizon Wireless said it had advanced $ 2.98 million in mobile donations committed by its customers to Haiti .
“ Time is of the essence , and it makes sense for us to toss aside our normal financial processes to get money where it can do the most good , in the fastest way possible , ” said Verizon Wireless president and CEO Lowell McAdam in a statement .
Update 2 ( Tuesday , Jan. 19 ) : The four major American carriers now say they are all committed to getting text donations to Haiti quickly .
Haiti-related mobile fundraising campaigns , via Mobile Giving Insider :
* Text HAITI to 90999 to donate $ 10 to the American Red Cross
* Text HAITI to 25383 to donate $ 5 to International Rescue Committee
* Text HAITI to 45678 to donate $ 5 to the Salvation Army in Canada
* Text YELE to 501501 to donation $ 5 to Yele
* Text RELIEF to 30644 to get automatically connected to Catholic Relief Services and donate money with your credit card
* Text HAITI to 864833 to donate $ 5 to The United Way
* Text CERF to 90999 to donate $ 5 to The United Nations Foundation
* Text DISASTER to 90999 to donate $ 10 to Compassion International
Photo for the feature slot courtesy of mGive .
You can send your money using their website as well .
What started as a trial against Geert Wilders for alleged Islamophobia has nearly turned into its opposite : a historical case about the message of the Quran .
The Amsterdam court trying the controversial Dutch politician is now preoccupied with the question of whether this book , sacred to more than a billion believers , can be compared to one of the most vile publications in the history of Western civilization —
Hitler 's " Mein Kampf . "
What could possibly go wrong ?
In his writing and speeches , Mr. Wilders has found these two works ...
January 25 , 2010
Jesse Hagopian , a teacher from Seattle , was in Haiti with his wife ( who works on HIV education in the country ) and one - year - old son when the earthquake hit .
Here , he looks at the U.S. government 's priorities on display in Haiti right now .
EVERYTHING YOU need to know about the U.S. aid effort to assist Haiti in the wake of the catastrophic earthquake can be summed up by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's touchdown in Port - au - Prince on Saturday , January 16 : they shut down the airport for three hours surrounding her arrival for " security " reasons , which meant that no aid flights could come in during those critical hours .
If there was one day when the Haitian people needed aid to flow all day long , that was the day , because the people trapped under the rubble on Tuesday evening could n't survive much beyond Saturday without water .
Defenders of Clinton will say that her disimpassioned , monotone , photo - op speech was needed to draw attention to the plight of the Haitians .
But no one north of hell can defend her next move : according to airport personnel that I spoke to during my recent evacuation from Haiti , she paralyzed the airport later that same day to have a new outfit flown in from the Dominican Republic .
I am having a hard time readjusting to life back home after having survived the earthquake and witnessed so much death , so even typing those words is making my heart pound uncontrollably .
I guess for America 's rulers , a new pantsuit is more valuable than the lives of poor , Black Haitians .
Hillary Clinton stands beside Haitian president René Préval , speaking to reporters at the airport
Unfortunately , Clinton 's model of diverting and delaying critical aid to the Haitian people , while emphasizing security , has become standard operating procedure .
Alain Joyandet , the French minister responsible for humanitarian relief in Haiti , charged the U.S. with treating this as a military operation rather than an aid mission .
Mr. Joyandet told the Daily Telegraph that he had been involved in an argument with a U.S. commander in the airport 's control tower over the flight plan for a French evacuation flight , saying , " This is about helping Haiti , not about occupying Haiti . "
But with the U.S. occupying Iraq and Afghanistan , and funding the Israeli occupation of Palestine , it seems our government knows how to do little else when it comes to international affairs .
The day I left via Toussaint L'Ouverture International Airport , I saw lots of crates of food , water and medical supplies piled on the tarmac .
But I did n't see that aid being transported out of the airport to actually get to Haitians .
What you can do Donations and aid are desperately needed in Haiti .
Here are some organizations with connections to the grassroots movements in the country .
The Haiti Emergency Relief Fund , organized by the solidarity organization Haiti Action , delivers resources directly to grassroots organizations .
It was founded in 2004 after the coup d'etat that forced President Jean - Bertrand Aristide out of office .
For more information , including a telephone contact , go to the Canada Haiti Action Network Web site .
The Zanmi Lasante Medical Center is located in the Central Plateau of Haiti and delivers health care through a network of clinics .
The health center survived the earthquake and delivering aid to the disaster zone .
You can donate to the center through the U.S. non-profit organization Partners in Health .
SOPUDEP is a pioneering school in Petionville .
The resources of the school and its teachers are being mobilized to assist the neighboring population .
You can support the school via the Canadian - based Sawatzky Family Foundation .
Undoubtedly , there has been some aid distributed , but because there was no serious effort to disperse that aid in the first four days after the quake , tens of thousands of people trapped under rubble have died needlessly because they could n't get a sip of water .
The Geneva - based organization Doctors Without Borders has been turned away from the airport numerous times to allow U.S. troops to land .
A ring of U.S. warships surrounds Haiti to make sure that Haitians do n't escape the disaster and try to get to the United States .
The U.S. has taken control of Haiti's main airport and seaport , and is in the process of deploying 18,000 U.S. troops to bolster the 9,000 UN troops already occupying the island nation -- and as an eyewitness , I can tell you those troops are guarding their own compounds rather than distributing aid .
The Obama administration will try to dress up their ambition to occupy and pillage Haiti in a humanitarian evening gown .
But clothing is in short supply in Haiti , and we can't afford to waste it .
As a man from Léogâne , Haiti , told Democracy Now ! , " Myself , if you look at me , I do n't have shoes , and I do n't have food .
Even my shoes , if you look at them , you see .
I need clothes .
We need everything .
Even medicines , we need . "
One of the most passionate denouncements of the proposed troop escalation came from Rev. Graylan Hagler , a prominent African - American DC - area minister and former supporter of President Obama .
Hagler said , " We want people to be respected and treated right .
I did not vote for Barack Obama to take his people into a war .
I voted for change "
Speaker after speaker spoke of having worked for , campaign for , raised money for and enthusiastically supported Obama 's presidential campaign , but feeling a sense of betrayal at the announcement of the escalation into Afghanistan .
A speaker for the Black is Back coalition spoke of the Democratic party taking black voters for granted , and called on fellow African - Americans to remember the oppressions of the past , and to not participate through silence in state violence against the Afghan people .
While acknowledging probable disagreements on other issues , such as health care reform and abortion , two speakers noted that Republican followers of Dr. Ron Paul cited a clear and unambiguous " non-interventionist " policy which could form the basis of an alliance between right and left elements on war issues .
A show of hands of " any Ron Paulies in the audience " was requested at one point .
At the show of a few hands , a warm welcome was extended .
" We may agree to disagree on many things , but on the issue of war and peace we are all just Americans , and can work together on this " the speaker said .
A welcome was also extended to the Capitol Police detail , who nodded cordially .
Speakers included World Can't Wait coordinator Debra Sweet , Military Families Speak Out Chairwoman Elaine Brower , writer Chris Hedges , numerous members of Iraq Veterans Against the War and Veterans for Peace , and statements from Rabbi Michael Lerner , Col . Ann Wright , Kevin Zeese , Dr. Stephen Zunes , Granny D ( turning 100 ) , Jared Ball , John Judge , and Stephen Lendman .
Dr. Ron Paul has charged that the proposed escalation is a recipe for " perpetual war , " and holds that it will be militarily impossible to begin withdrawal in 2011 .
Paul writes in " Who Wants War ? Follow The Money "
" Perpetual war is not solving anything .
Indeed continually seeking out monsters to destroy abroad only threatens our security here at home as international resentment against us builds .
The people understand this and are becoming increasingly frustrated at not being heard by the decision - makers .
The leaders say some things the people want to hear , but change never comes .
One has to ask , if the people who elected these leaders so obviously do not want these wars , who does ?
Eisenhower warned of the increasing power and influence of the military industrial complex and it seems his worst fears have come true .
He believed in a strong national defense , as do I , but warned that the building up of permanent military and weapons industries could prove dangerous if their influence got out of hand .
After all , if you make your money on war , peace does you no good .
With trillions of dollars at stake , there is tremendous incentive to keep the decision makers fearful of every threat in the world , real or imagined , present or future , no matter how ridiculous and far - fetched . "
During his presidential campaign President Obama called for sending of " two or three more brigades " of troops to Afghanistan , about 10,000 troops , at a time when troops numbered about 30,000 in Afghanistan .
The total is now up to 62,000 , after granting a Pentagon request last May .
The proposed increase would bring the total to almost 100,000 .
Scholars and journalists have called the renewed insurgency in Afghanistan a result of dashed hopes of a reconstruction and descent into economic despair .
Unemployment in Afghanistan remains at 40 % , with the UN estimating that at least 35 % of Afghans are malnourished , 40 % of children underweight , and starvation being common across the country .
Although relatively stable until 2005 , in that year car bombs and suicide attacks began to rise exponentially .
With high unemployment , the Taliban has been called the employer of last resort , able to pay young fighters $ 10 per day for participating in attacks , sometimes issuing rifles just before an attack .
Western contractors have come under fire for turning excessive profits on reconstruction projects , which often employ relatively few Afghans .
Kucinich , Nader , McKinney , Gravel , and organizer
Lobby Congress here
NASA has put to bed conspiracy theories that humans never landed on the moon with the release of the first high resolution images of the lunar surface showing the lander and flags left by astronauts in the 1970s .
The area photographed is the landing spot for the last manned mission to the moon , Apollo 17 , which left the lunar surface on December 14 , 1972 after more than three days there .
The Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter , which has been orbiting the moon since June , has already sent back images of the Apollo 11 landing site as well as others but they were of much lower quality .
In the lower resolution image the lander is clearly visible in the centre of the image with the US flag a small dark patch slightly above .
The second higher resolution image shows the entire landing site including the tracks of the rovers and its final resting site as well as the final resting site of scientific equipment .
The European Space Agency , Japan , India , China and the United States have recently mapped and probed the moon 's surface as a result of increased interest in our nearest neighbour .
Loading
The spike in focus on the moon followed an announcement by former US President George W Bush during his time in office that the United States would return to the moon by 2020 .
That looks unlikely as NASA 's Constellation Project to land astronauts on the Moon suffers from delays and cutback due to the US recession .
I recently spent some time sorting through linker version script issues , so I ’m going to document what I discovered .
Linker symbol versioning was invented at Sun .
The Solaris linker lets you use a version script when you create a shared library .
This script assigns versions to specific named symbols , and defines a version hierarchy .
When an executable is linked against the shared library , the versions that it uses are recorded in the executable .
If you later try to dynamically link the executable with a shared library which does not provide the required versions , you get a sensible error message .
Sun ’s scheme ( as I understand it ) only permits you to add new versions and new symbols .
Once a symbol has been defined at a specific version , you can not change that in later releases .
if you change the behaviour of a symbol , you do n’t change the version of the symbol itself , instead you add a new version to the library even if it does not define any symbols .
That is sufficient to ensure that an executable will not be dynamically linked against a version of the shared library which is too old .
Eric Youngdale and Ulrich Drepper introduced a more sophisticated symbol versioning scheme in the GNU linker and the GNU / Linux dynamic linker .
The GNU linker permits symbols to have multiple versions , of which only one is the default .
These versions are specified in the object files linked together to form the shared library .
The assembler . symver directive is used to assign a version to a symbol ( the version is simply encoded in the name of the symbol ) .
This scheme permits using symbol versioning to actually change the behaviour of a symbol ; older executables will continue to use the old version .
This also permits deleting symbols , by removing the default version .
The older versions of the symbol remain but are inaccessible .
That is all fine .
The problems come in with the extensions to the version script language .
First , the GNU linker permits wildcards in version scripts .
Second , the GNU linker permits symbols to match against demangled names , again typically using wildcards .
Third , the GNU linker permits the version script to hide symbols which have explicit versions in input object files .
Every symbol can only have one version .
When the linker asks for the version of a symbol , there can only be one answer .
The support for wildcards and matching of demangled names in the GNU linker script means that there may not be a unique answer for the version to use for a given name .
The fact that the GNU linker permits version scripts to hide symbols with explicit versions means that in some cases you absolutely must list a symbol two times in a version script ( because you might have a local : *; entry which must not match your symbol with an old version ) .
This potential confusion means that using linker scripts correctly with wildcards requires a clear understanding of exactly how the linker parses a version script .
Unfortunately , this was never documented .
Until now .
Here are the rules which the GNU linker uses to parse version scripts , as of 2010 - 01 - 11 .
The GNU linker walks through the version tags in the order in which they appear in the version script .
For each tag , it first walks through the global patterns for that tag , then the local patterns .
When looking at a single pattern , it first applies any language specific demangling as specified for the pattern , and then matches the resulting symbol name to the pattern .
If it finds an exact match for a literal pattern ( a pattern enclosed in quotes or with no wildcard characters ) , then that is the match that it uses .
If finds a match with a wildcard pattern , then it saves it and continues searching .
Wildcard patterns that are exactly “ * ” are saved separately .
If no exact match with a literal pattern is ever found , then if a wildcard match with a global pattern was found it is used , otherwise if a wildcard match with a local pattern was found it is used .
This is the result :
If there is an exact match , then we use the first tag in the version script where it matches .
If the exact match in that tag is global , it is used .
Otherwise the exact match in that tag is local , and is used .
Otherwise , if there is any match with a global wildcard pattern :
If there is any match with a wildcard pattern which is not “ * ” , then we use the tag in which the last such pattern appears .
Otherwise , we matched “ * ” .
If there is no match with a local wildcard pattern which is not “ * ” , then we use the last match with a global “ * ” .
Otherwise , continue .
Otherwise , if there is any match with a local wildcard pattern :
If there is any match with a wildcard pattern which is not “ * ” , then we use the tag in which the last such pattern appears .
Otherwise , we matched “ * ” , and we use the tag in which the last such match occurred .
As mentioned above , there is an additional wrinkle .
When the GNU linker finds a symbol with a version defined in an object file due to a . symver directive , it looks up that symbol name in that version tag .
If it finds it , it matches the symbol name against the patterns for that version .
If there is no match with a global pattern , but there is a match with a local pattern , then the GNU linker marks the symbol as local .
I want gold to be compatible , but I also want gold to be efficient .
I ’ve introduced a hash table in gold to do fast lookups for exact matches .
That makes it impossible for gold to follow the exact rules when matching demangled names .
Currently gold does not do the final lookup to see if a symbol with an explicit version should be forced local ; I do n’t understand why that is useful .
It is possible that I will be forced to add that to gold at some later date .
Here are the current rules for gold :
If there is an exact match for the mangled name , we use it .
If there is more than one exact match , we give a warning , and we use the first tag in the script which matches .
If a symbol has an exact match as both global and local for the same version tag , we give an error .
Otherwise , we look for an extern C++ or an extern Java exact match .
If we find an exact match , we use it .
If there is more than one exact match , we give a warning , and we use the first tag in the script which matches .
If a symbol has an exact match as both global and local for the same version tag , we give an error .
Otherwise , we look through the wildcard patterns , ignoring “ * ” patterns .
We look through the version tags in reverse order .
For each version tag , we look through the global patterns and then the local patterns .
We use the first match we find ( i.e. , the last matching version tag in the file ) .
matching version tag in the file ) .
Otherwise , we use the “ * ” pattern if there is one .
We give a warning if there are multiple “ * ” patterns .
I hope for your sake that this information never actually matters to you .
TEHRAN , Iran -- Iran 's constitutional watchdog approved a contentious law that would sharply slash energy and food subsidies -- a move that could provoke more unrest in a country struggling under international sanctions , double - digit inflation and a government crackdown on the opposition .
The bill was formally approved by the Guardian Council , state television Web sites reported Wednesday , roughly a week after Iranian lawmakers signed off on the plan proposed by President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
The Guardian Council is a hardline body that must vet all legislation before it becomes law .
The law would gradually cut energy subsidies , bringing the heavily discounted fuel prices more in line with international prices .
Officials say the step is needed to recoup some of the roughly $ 90 billion spent yearly on subsidies by OPEC 's second largest oil exporter .
Subsidies currently consume about 30 % of the government budget at a time when already high spending and the collapse of oil prices last year hammered Iran 's economy .
The aim is to channel the funds directly at the poorer segments of the population , as well as funding infrastructure projects .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A 16 - year - old girl has been pulled out of the rubble in the Haitian capital , Port - au - Prince , 15 days after the earthquake struck , rescuers say .
Darlene Etienne was said to be happy but dehydrated .
Rescuers said she had survived by drinking water from a bath .
Her rescue comes five days after Haitian government officially ended the search and rescue operation .
Meanwhile President Rene Preval has said parliamentary elections due to be held on 28 February will be postponed .
As many as 200,000 people died in the 12 January earthquake .
More than 130 people have been pulled alive from the rubble .
Bath water A rescue worker described the discovery of the teenager , two weeks after the quake destroyed the city , as a " miracle " .
HAITI 'S REMARKABLE SURVIVORS
Darlene Etienne , 16 - rescued after 15 days Rico Dibrivell , early 30s - rescued after 12 days Wismond Exantus , 24 , found after 11 days Emmannuel Buso , 21 - rescued after 10 days Marie Carida , 84 - saved after 10 days Mendji Bahina Sanon , 11 - trapped for eight days Lozama Hotteline , 25 - pulled out after seven days Elisabeth Joassaint , 15 days - buried for seven days , half her life Ena Zizi , 69 - rescued after seven days
Haiti quake : Survivors ' stories " I do n't know how she happened to resist that long , " said rescue worker JP Malaganne .
The 16 - year - old was found in the rubble of a house near the College St Gerard , which one of her relatives said she had just started attending .
Neighbours had been searching in the rubble of their homes in the central Carrefour - Feuilles district when they heard a weak voice and called rescue teams to help .
They managed to locate the girl in the wreckage and less than an hour later had dug a hole to pull her out , covered in dust .
Rescuer Claude Fuilla told the Associated Press news agency : " She could n't really talk to us or say how long she 'd been there but I think she 'd been there since the earthquake .
" I do n't think she could have survived even a few more hours . "
Darlene was given water and oxygen before being taken to a French field hospital and medical ship .
" She just said ' Thank you ' , she 's very weak , which suggests that she 's been there for 15 days , " said Samuel Bernes , head of the rescue team that discovered her .
He described her location within the rubble as " in a pocket , surrounded by concrete " .
The BBC's Karen Allen , in the Haitian capital , said that rescue workers had told her the teenager was trapped in the bathroom when the quake struck and was able to survive by drinking water from a bath .
On Tuesday , rescuers discovered a 31 - year - old man who had been trapped for 12 days after being caught in one of the numerous aftershocks that rocked the city after the earthquake .
In announcing the election delay , Mr Preval said he would not seek to remain in office beyond the end of his term in February 2011 .
He added : " I do n't think the time is right to hold elections now given the conditions in which people are living . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In an in - depth interview with the Times of London gearing up for the London Conference on Afghanistan later this week , CENTCOM commander General David Petraeus again cautioned that the war was going to “ get harder before it gets easier . ”
Likening the January 2007 surge in Iraq to President Obama ’s December escalation , the general said he thought that the war in Afghanistan was going to take longer than the war in Iraq .
Perhaps even more troubling over eight years after the war began , Gen .
Petraeus insisted he still has n’t heard any talk of setting a timetable for the end of the war , and said any predictions would be “ premature . ”
Several nations had hoped to use the London Conference to set out some sort of exit strategy for the seemingly endless conflict .
In fact , Petraeus suggested that the London Conference would not so much focus on setting a timetable for a transition , but on deciding “ what transition actually means . ”
Though he provided little in the way of detail , it does suggest that officials have abandoned the pretense of starting the pullout in 2011 .
Or , if you count multitasking — which is just the kind of hysterical , stat - juicing thing you would do if you were running a study like this — nearly 11 hours a day .
That does n't leave a lot of time for fresh air .
Advertisement
Even with out including multitasking hours , the Kaiser Family Foundation study shows that kids these days are watching TV , texting , or on the internet 7.5 hours each and every day .
That 's an hour more than in 2004 , and an even bigger jump since 1999 .
Basically , if they 're awake and not in school , they 're staring at a screen .
My first thought : so what ?
The children are our future , and our future is a digital age .
I can accept that .
And there 's a lot of valuable information and insight to be gleaned from these here internets , if you look in the right places .
Advertisement
My second thought : oh , man , are we doomed .
[ NY Times ]
New research in the FASEB Journal suggests that manipulating testicular hormone levels can turn male fertility on and off , representing new strategy for developing ' the pill ' for men and for treating male infertility
A new research report published in the December 2009 print issue of The FASEB Journal could one day give men similar type of control over their fertility that women have had since the 1960s .
That 's because scientists have found how and where androgenic hormones work in the testis to control normal sperm production and male fertility .
This opens a promising avenue for the development of " the pill " for men .
The discovery also offers hope to those who cannot have children because of low sperm counts .
Although the research was conducted in mice , a similar effect is likely to obtain in other mammals , such as humans .
" This study provides a new opportunity to identify how androgens control sperm production , which could provide new insight for the development of new treatments for male infertility and perhaps new male contraceptives , " said Michelle Welsh , Ph.D. , co-author of the study , from the Centre for Reproductive Biology at The Queen 's Medical Research Institute in Edinburgh , UK .
To make this discovery , Welsh and colleagues performed studies in two groups of mice .
The first group of mice was normal , but the second group of mice was missing a gene from the peritubular myoid cells in the testis .
This gene that was missing codes for the androgen hormone receptor , and when missing , sperm production was significantly decreased when compared to the normal group .
The result was infertility .
" Although ' the pill ' arguably has been liberating for women since its development in the 1960s , a similar birth control drug for men has been elusive , " said Gerald Weissmann , M.D. , Editor - in - Chief of The FASEB Journal .
" Not only does this research pinpoint androgenic hormones and their cellular receptors as prime targets for the development of new birth control drugs , but it promises to speed the development of new agents to boost sperm production . "
###
Receive monthly highlights from The FASEB Journal by e-mail .
Sign up at http://www. faseb . org / fasebjournalreaders .
htm .
The FASEB Journal ( http://www. fasebj. org ) is published by the Federation of the American Societies for Experimental Biology ( FASEB ) .
The journal has been recognized by the Special Libraries Association as one of the top 100 most influential biomedical journals of the past century and is the most cited biology journal worldwide according to the Institute for Scientific Information .
FASEB comprises 22 nonprofit societies with more than 80,000 members , making it the largest coalition of biomedical research associations in the United States .
FASEB advances health and welfare by promoting progress and education in biological and biomedical sciences through service to its member societies and collaborative advocacy .
From the Hurricanes :
ERIC STAAL NAMED HURRICANES TEAM CAPTAIN
Staal is the 13th player to serve as captain in franchise history
RALEIGH , NC — Jim Rutherford , President and General Manager of the National Hockey League ’s Carolina Hurricanes , today announced that the team has named Eric Staal as the new team captain for the Hurricanes .
Staal is the fifth captain since the team ’s arrival in North Carolina , and the 13th player to serve in that role in franchise history .
Rod Brind ’Amour had served as captain from Aug. 25 , 2005 until today , and will remain an alternate captain .
" Rod has been the consummate leader for the Hurricanes since his acquisition nearly 10 years ago , " said Rutherford .
" He is the only captain in franchise history to lift the Stanley Cup , and he will continue to play a leadership role in our organization .
" The time has come now for Eric to assume the top leadership role for his teammates .
This is part of the rebuilding process for the Hurricanes , as Eric is the player around whom the team will be structured .
We feel confident in Eric ’s ability to lead his teammates and are excited to begin this next era . "
Staal , 25 , ranks second among Hurricanes with 33 points ( 10g , 23a ) this season , despite missing 10 games with an upper - body injury from Nov. 4 - Nov. 23 .
Since returning from that injury , the Thunder Bay , Ont. , native has totaled eight goals and 20 assists ( 28 points ) in 23 games .
Prior to missing time this season , Staal had played in 349 consecutive games for Carolina , the longest consecutive games - played streak for the franchise since it relocated to North Carolina .
Drafted by the Hurricanes with the second - overall selection in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft , Staal has totaled 174 goals and 217 assists ( 391 points ) in 445 career regular - season games with Carolina .
He has notched 19 goals and 24 assists ( 43 points ) in 43 career Stanley Cup playoff games for the Hurricanes , helping Carolina capture the Stanley Cup in 2006 and reach the Eastern Conference Finals in 2009 .
Sandeep and I are writing a paper on torture .
We are trying to understand the mechanics and effectiveness of torture viewed purely as a mechanism for extracting information from the unwilling .
A major theme we are finding is that torture is complicated by numerous commitment problems .
We have blogged about these before .
Here is Sandeep ’s first post on torture which got this whole project started .
A big problem is that torture takes time and when the victim has resisted repeated torture it becomes more and more likely that he actually has no information to give .
At this point the torturer has a hard time credibly commiting to continue the torture because in all likelihood he is torturing an innocent victim .
This feeds back into the early stages of the torture because it increases the temptation for the truly informed victim to resist torture and pretend to be uninformed .
In light of this it is possible to say something about the benefits of adopting more and more severe forms of torture , waterboarding say .
A naive presumption is that a technology which delivers suffering at a faster pace would circumvent the problem because it makes it harder to resist temptation for long enough .
But this logic is backwards .
Indeed , if it were true that more severe torture induced the informed to reveal their information early , then this would only hasten the time at which the torture ceases because the torturer becomes convinced that his heretofore silent victim is in fact innocent .
So credible torture requires that those who resist the now more severe torture must find compensation in the form of less information revealed in the future .
In the end the informed victim is no worse off and this means that the torturer is no better off .
Once you account for that what you are left with is that there is more suffering inflicted on the uninformed who has no alternative but to resist .
And this only makes it more difficult to continue torturing once the victim has demonstrated he is innocent .
That is , the original commitment problem is only made worse .
Roland Sarria
Duke Roufus
Pros who picked Diaz : 20
Pros who picked Zaromskis : 0
Pros who could n’t decide : 0
A matchup between Nick Diaz and Marius Zaromskis headlines the Strikeforce card Saturday in Miami , and it could be an electrifying affair .
Zaromskis is a wild striker with power in his legs and his fists .
The young Lithuanian bomber is also a significant underdog , though , against Diaz , a veteran of almost 30 professional contests who has tangled with a who ’s who of MMA .
Diaz has been on a tear as of late , winning five in a row .
The native of Stockton , Calif. , is a crafty puncher with a strong submission game , and most insiders think he will prevail against the lesser - known Zaromskis .
However , Diaz likes to engage on the feet , and that could play right into the strength of Zaromskis .
Dream ’s welterweight champion , Zaromskis has reeled off five consecutive wins that include some incredible head - kick knockouts .
Who will win ?
Sherdog.com caught up with the professionals of the sport for their evaluation : : Diaz takes this one by annoying his opponent to death .
Nick Diaz always wins fights that I think he will lose .
He has become one of the top guys in the game with a very unorthodox yet well - rounded style , not to mention he is as tough as they come .
I think he executes his game plan perfectly and wears Zaromskis down by throwing hundreds of punches before finishing him with a kimura or rear choke .
Diaz then gets on the microphone and says , " What do you want from me man ?
I just woke up ! " :
Marius is good , but not good enough to beat Diaz .
Diaz wins ( via ) second - round submission . :
This fight will go to Diaz .
He will outwork Marius and most likely catch him in a submission .
Nick Diaz proves once again why medical marijuana should be supported by everyone in the USA by winning this fight at 4:20 of the first round with a choke so tight it literally vaporizes Zaromskis to sleep . :
I would put some money on Zaromskis for the upset , but , frankly , Diaz scares the s--t out of me .
He might hunt down everyone who bets against him and cut them all .
I do n't want to get cut .
Especially in the face .
No , I 'll just go with Diaz . : I gotta go with our American fighter Nick Diaz .
He has to watch out for that left tricky high kick , but I think Nick knows how to train and can prepare to take that out of his game .
CIRCLE TO THE LEFT NICK ( laughs ) !
I think Nick is more of a veteran , and his style of boxing will throw the foreign fighter off of his game .
Nick Diaz by submission in the first round .
Soon as it hits the ground , it 's going to be over . :
Nick is more well - rounded and should pull it off .
Zaromskis can always land that head kick , which he seems to be landing at will , but Nick ’s very game standing and a black belt in BJJ .
Nick Diaz all the way by TKO .
He is incredible since he left the UFC . :
Diaz will press him and will win by stoppage in the first round . :
Diaz by submission , round one .
Nick Diaz is at the top of his game right now , and I really enjoy watching him fight .
He really imposes his outstanding game plan every time he fights .
For me , with his upcoming fight , I see him the victor .
He has all ranges covered and is definitely great at all three ranges , which makes him a dangerous opponent . : I got Nick Diaz by Stockton gang signs beoootch ! :
Marius could head kick the Diazinator into a full - blown coma .
However , I see Diaz “ smoking ” him on the ground . :
This should be a great fight , and I have an obvious bias since I am good friends and training partners with Nick .
But that being said , I think this fight will start out super exciting and high - paced .
But Nick will bring too much pressure and will end up submitting or KOing him late in the second round .
Nick Diaz by mean mug , b--ch ! :
Marius is unpredictable and unorthodox on his feet , which can pose a threat to any fighter .
Diaz is tough as hell and has fought some of the best .
He is more experienced than Marius and very good on the ground , where he will be most dangerous .
Diaz by submission . :
Nick by submission .
I do n’t think there is such a thing as jiu jitsu in Lithuania . : Zaromskis is a bad dude , but Nick is a world of problems for any man .
Everybody looks at Nick ’s punches and thinks that they wo n’t be effective , but Nick has a way of slowly draining the life out of you and then finishing you just before you ’d take a nap on your own .
Plus he can take a helluva wallop !
My prediction is that exactly that will happen to Zaromskis .
I see another Gomi / Diaz - type of battle with Nick again finishing the fight after s--t talking at Marius the whole way through !
* O’Brien says he ’s leaving ‘ the best job in the world ’
* He takes shots at , as well as thank , NBC ( Adds details , quotes )
NEW YORK , Jan 22 ( Reuters ) - Conan O’Brien ended his brief stint as host of the “ The Tonight Show ” on Friday , taking shots at NBC but ultimately taking the high road and thanking his former employer for a chance at “ the best job in the world . ”
“ This company has been my home for most of my adult life , ” O’Brien told the Burbank , California , audience and home viewers during his final moments on the show , which began with a sustained standing ovation from the fans who chanted “ Conan , Conan . ”
“ Thank you , that ’s going to have to last me awhile , ” he cracked once they settled down . ”
Late in the show the host struck a more serious note , saying “ Tonight I ’m allowed to say anything I want . ”
“ I am enormously proud of the work we have done together , and I want to thank NBC for making it all possible , ” he said .
Still , in his opening monologue O’Brien offered a list of possible uses for the soon - to - be vacated studio built expressly for his widely publicized assumption of “ Tonight Show ” hosting duties last year .
Among the suggestions were a “ storage facility for apology notes to NBC stockholders , ” and “ leave the studio cold and empty and rename it “ The World ’s Largest Metaphor For NBC Programing . ”
Joining O’Brien for his last show were actor Tom Hanks , comedian Will Ferrell who appeared on O’Brien ’s first “ Tonight ” show , and singer Neil Young , who performed “ Long May You Run . ”
Thursday night ’s show featured a surprise appearance by Ben Stiller , as well as an X - rated performance by Robin Williams that targeted NBC and was bleeped out several times .
In one of his trademark self - deprecating jabs , O’Brien joked that when the inevitable HBO film is made of the debacle , “ I ’d like to be played by Academy - Award winning actress Tilda Swinton , ” who , like O’Brien , is a fair - skinned redhead .
Steve Carell of the NBC satirical comedy “ The Office ” conducted O’Brien ’s “ exit interview ” in a surprise appearance .
“ Did anything trigger your decision to leave , ” he inquired , deadpan , before presenting O’Brien with a termination packet which included information on continuing education .
Finally Carell asked the star for his company ID badge , which he fed into a shredder .
JAY LENO TO RETURN FROM MARCH
O’Brien ’s swan song in one of U.S. television ’s most coveted and high - profile jobs capped two weeks of acrimonious sniping , much of it on - air , that ended with a $ 45 million exit deal which will allow the show ’s previous host , Jay Leno , to return to the flagship late - night talk show .
After more than a week of negotiations , General Electric Co's GE.N NBC said it had agreed to release O'Brien from his contract after seven months , and that he would be free to take a new job elsewhere after Sept.
1 .
The struggling network , already bottom of the four big U.S. TV networks and now the butt of jokes by its own and rival comics , said Leno will return as host of “ The Tonight Show ” on March 1 .
Leno hosted the program for 17 years , making it the top- rated late - night talk show on U.S. television .
He handed over to O’Brien in June , only to see audiences slump , while Leno ’s own prime - time talk show floundered as well .
Leno ’s name went unmentioned during O’Brien ’s final show .
At the conclusion , the outgoing host somberly told his audience :
“ Walking away from ‘ The Tonight Show ’ is the hardest thing I have ever had to do .
“ This is the best job in the world , I absolutely love doing it ...
I did it my way , with people I love and I do not regret a second .
I ’ve had more good fortune than anyone I know . ”
He ended the show by joining Ferrell in a rendition of Lynyrd Skynyrd ’s “ Free Bird . ” ( Editing by Mohammad Zargham )
CIPULIR , Indonesia —
They say it ’s all about location , location , location .
But here , sitting outside her store in the corner of the fourth floor of a crowded indoor garments market , Ibu Nasution says the only threat to her business is the Chinese .
“ When they get here , nobody will buy these clothes anymore .
We wo n’t be able to pay our debts .
We wo n’t be able to eat .
Things are going to get bad , ” she said , sitting on a dusty stack of tightly wrapped T - shirts .
Her stall is just one of hundreds packed into the busy Cipulir Market , a crumbling five - story building that is known throughout Jakarta as the place to find original Indonesian textiles .
The sellers here once reveled in that reputation .
But now a cloud of apprehension has muted their spirits .
The garment traders are concerned about the Jan. 1 implementation of a China - ASEAN free trade agreement that requires a reduction or elimination of import tariffs across 7,000 product lines , including most garments and textiles .
“ The Chinese have their big machines and they sell their clothes for a third of the price we sell ours , ” Nasution lamented .
“ I ca n’t compete with that . ”
Proponents of the deal say it will allow the rest of Asia to benefit from China ’s growth by opening up large markets for ASEAN exports , while giving China greater access to Southeast Asia ’s raw materials .
Worth $ 200 billion , the pact is the third largest by trade volume after the European Economic Area and the North American Free Trade Zone .
Serving about 2 billion people , it ’s the world ’s largest trade deal by population size .
Originally signed in 2002 , the pact was highly anticipated during its eight years of negotiations .
And some say it could be the precursor to a larger deal involving China , ASEAN , Japan , South Korea and the United States .
But Indonesia , responding to a domestic popular backlash , has now begun leading opposition to it all .
Though customs officials here said there was no change in the amount of Chinese imports over the last week since the deal ’s implementation , leaders from a number of Indonesian industries — already suffering from the global economic crisis — said they are bracing themselves for a bad year ahead .
Thousands of workers , worried that an influx of cheap Chinese - made goods would drive them out of their jobs , gathered this week in West Java to protest the reduction in tariffs and demanded the deal be delayed , while several union leaders predicted layoffs in the tens of thousands should the agreement remain as is .
Trade officials announced on Jan. 4 that they would request a formal review of the agreement in the hopes of delaying the reductions of tariffs among sectors like steel , textiles , cosmetics , petrochemicals and others that could face overwhelming competition from cheaper Chinese imports .
“ The notification we sent to the ASEAN Council last week stipulates we want a renegotiation , ” Indonesia ’s Minister for Industry Mohammad Suleman Hidayat , told The Jakarta Post .
The Chinese , for their part , said they would adhere to the already signed agreement and tried to assuage fears among Indonesian industries .
“ Such worries are understandable , ” said Yi Ziaozhun , China ’s deputy minister for commerce at the deal ’s opening ceremony .
“ But the free trade agreement is mutually beneficial .
Policymakers from both regions have reached a consensus that trade pressures would ultimately be transformed into an impetus that drives the economic development of the whole region . ”
Concerns here over an influx of Chinese goods are nothing new .
Tariffs have been gradually reduced since 2005 and black market Chinese goods have long plagued traders of all kinds .
Indonesian producers of batik , the country ’s proud tradition of creating intricate patterns on textiles with wax - resistant dyes , for instance , were outraged earlier last year when cheap batik knockoffs from China began muscling in on their market share .
At the famous Tanah Abang Market in central Jakarta , sellers there have already long begun offering their customers Chinese - made alternatives at much cheaper prices — a decision they said was n’t by choice .
“ We sell Chinese - made products here because the customers prefer them , ” said Ferry , 26 , who sells garments from the basement of Tanah Abang .
“ They like China ’s clothes because they come in more diverse styles , materials and colors and are always either the same price or cheaper . ”
TORONTO , Canada — Canada has long been a haven for Americans escaping their wars .
During the American Revolutionary
War in the late 1700s , an estimated 50,000 colonists who wanted to remain loyal to Britain fled north to what would later become Canada .
Thousands more crossed the border during the Civil War , using an underground railroad that led escaped slaves to freedom .
Canada ’s role as a sanctuary during the Vietnam War is well known .
The conflict spurred an estimated 50,000 Americans old enough for military service to immigrate north , according to sociologist John Hagan , author of " Northern Passage : American Vietnam War Resisters in Canada . "
Hagan was among the draft dodgers and military deserters that did so .
Many Canadians would consider this tradition a noble one .
But it has come to an end .
Since the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 , some 200 American soldiers have fled to Canada looking for asylum .
The Conservative government of Prime Minister Stephen Harper is determined to send them back .
Most war resisters in Canada are in hiding .
The few who have applied for refugee status have been turned down and ordered deported .
Two have so far been sent back : Robin Long , of Boise , Idaho , was convicted of desertion by a military court in August 2008 , sentenced to 15 months in military prison and given a dishonorable discharge ; Cliff Cornell , of Mountain Home , Ark. , pleaded guilty to desertion in April and received a year sentence and a bad conduct discharge .
To avoid a similar fate , deserter Rodney Watson , a native of Kansas City , was given sanctuary at Vancouver ’s First United Church on Sept. 18 , a day after his request for refugee status was denied .
Church officials say Watson can stay as long as he likes .
On Christmas Eve , Watson published a letter in the Toronto Star .
He said he joined the army “ for financial reasons ” in 2004 , after losing his job .
A recruiter , he says , promised he could work as a cook and stay out of combat duty .
However , once deployed to Iraq in 2005 , he spent a year scanning vehicles and civilians for explosives .
He says he witnessed incidents where American soldiers treated Iraqis in a racist and physically abusive way .
Back in the U.S. , he was told he would be “ stop - lossed ” — redeployed to Iraq and forced to stay beyond the time he signed on for .
He fled to Vancouver in 2007 and has since fathered a son with a Canadian he plans to marry .
“ I think being punished as a prisoner of conscience for doing what I felt morally obligated to do is a great injustice , ” he wrote of his failure to receive refugee status .
“ I appeal to the Canadian government to honor your country 's great traditions of being a place of refuge from militarism and a place that respects human rights by supporting my decision , and the decisions taken by my fellow resisters to refuse any further participation in this unjust war , ” he added .
Resisters commonly describe themselves as conscientious objectors to an unjust war , one launched on false pretext , without the backing of the United Nations .
Amnesty International Canada describes freedom of conscience as a fundamental human right , protected by international treaties .
Stephen Harper , when in opposition , supported the Iraq war .
Now he says it was “ absolutely an error . ”
But that does n’t cut war resisters any slack with his government .
“ Being a deserter from voluntary military service in a democracy does not , in anyway , meet the standard international U.N. definition of a refugee , " Immigration Minister Jason Kenney told reporters recently .
On another occasion , he said : “ We ’re not talking about draft dodgers , we ’re talking about resisters .
We 're talking about people who volunteer to serve in the armed forces of a democratic country and simply change their mind to desert — and that 's fine , that 's the decision they have made , but they are not refugees . ”
Kenney has backed decisions made by the Immigration and Refugee Board — whose adjudicators are appointed by the government — and shrugged off widespread support to have the resisters stay .
An Angus Reid poll from June 2008 said 64 percent of Canadians favored giving these U.S. soldiers the opportunity to remain in Canada as permanent residents .
Harper ’s minority government is also disregarding two non-binding motions passed by a majority of Members of Parliament — in June 2008 and again in March — calling on the government to stop all deportation proceedings and allow resisters to stay .
A private member 's bill that would have bound the government to do so was stalled when Harper suspended Parliament last week until March 3 .
Bills presented by individual Members of Parliament have significantly fewer chances of being approved than government sponsored bills .
The Vietnam War years in Canada were a time of active nationalism .
The Liberal governments of the day made a point of demonstrating the country ’s sovereignty , and its autonomy from American policy .
Those days are long gone .
Since 2003 , when then - Prime Minister Jean Chretien refused to join the Iraq war , successive Liberal and Conservative governments have bent over backward to assure American administrations that Canada is n’t a weak link in the “ war on terror . ”
American war resisters are one of the groups paying the price .
Editor 's note :
This story has been corrected .
The private member 's bill on deportations has stalled , not died .
In addition , Cliff Cornell received his sentence in April 2009 .
Faced with a shortfall now reaching $ 208 million , the top budget official at Los Angeles City Hall said Friday that he is preparing a list of 500 jobs to be cut from the payroll -- on top of the 1,000 already threatened with elimination .
Those reductions , if approved by the City Council over the next several weeks , would bring city government personnel cuts to 3,900 this year .
Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and the council have already agreed to let 2,400 employees retire with full benefits up to five years early .
In a lengthy memo on the budget crisis , City Administrative Officer Miguel Santana called for the layoff process to begin immediately , saying public coffers could save $ 65 million annually by having 1,000 fewer workers .
“ There is a financial and human cost for each day of delay , ” he wrote to Villaraigosa and council members .
“ The daily cost of postponing 1,000 layoffs is approximately $ 338,000 , which equals four more positions that need to be eliminated to generate the targeted savings . ”
Advertisement
The council is scheduled to meet Wednesday to discuss the plan for cutting 1,000 jobs from the city ’s general fund , which delivers basic services such as public safety , parks and libraries .
For weeks , several city officials have expressed fears -- both publicly and privately -- about the possibility of municipal bankruptcy .
City Controller Wendy Greuel warned earlier this week that a decision to balance the budget by tapping too much of the city ’s emergency reserve fund could make it more expensive for Los Angeles to borrow money .
That in turn would threaten the city ’s ability to pay its bills .
Furthermore , once this year ’s budget gap is addressed , Villaraigosa and the council must eliminate a projected $ 484 - million shortfall for the fiscal year that starts July 1 .
Villaraigosa and some council members said they are still hoping to pursue alternatives to layoffs .
Hours before Santana released his report , the mayor said the city ’s employee unions could address much of this year ’s budget gap if they agreed to additional concessions such as pay cuts .
He also suggested that employees contribute more toward their retirement .
Advertisement
“ If we work through this together , I think we can minimize layoffs , ” he said .
Councilwoman Janice
Hahn said she would support shifting workers out of the cash - strapped general fund and into vacant posts at Los Angeles World Airports and the Port of Los Angeles , which operate independently on revenues from airlines and shipping companies .
Hahn said she would back efforts to eliminate positions as long as those workers “ could still get a paycheck from the city . ”
Barbara Maynard , who represents the Coalition of L.A. City Unions , said the city should offer early retirement to 400 additional workers and move 600 others to vacant positions not affected by the budget crisis .
“ All of those measures should be exhausted before looking at other cuts , ” she said .
Advertisement
Santana said the members of the coalition , which represents 22,000 employees , cannot be laid off between now and June 30 unless they agree to such a move .
Layoffs can be imposed , however , on the Engineers and Architects Assn. , which has more than 6,000 members , because such protections do not exist in that union ’s contract , he said .
Those who are targeted with layoffs would probably secure the first opportunity to fill any vacant positions , Santana added .
Santana called for the Cultural Affairs Department to suspend immediately all outgoing grants -- money that funds art classes , concerts and festivals -- in an effort to save $ 2.2 million .
He pulled back on a plan to reduce the number of workers in that department by 48 % .
Instead , he recommended a cut of roughly 25 % .
He also called for the cancellation of a recruiting class at the Fire Department .
Aides to City Atty .
Carmen Trutanich warned that the office ’s proposed loss of 100 employees would make it harder to prosecute misdemeanor crimes across the city .
Advertisement
“ It does n’t matter how many police officers are in the field , ” said Chief Deputy City Atty .
Bill Carter .
“ There wo n’t be a sufficient number of prosecutors to file or handle those cases at a time when the governor is contemplating releasing thousands of inmates . ”
david.zahniser@latimes.com
maeve.reston@latimes.com
Times staff writer Phil Willon contributed to this report .
Memo obtained from the desk of Newton Wordler Orwell to his partners ...
Gentlemen and gentlewomen , this week has seen our organization righted and moving forward in pursuit of our vision for a better world .
Firstly , thanks to the efforts of our usual contacts in intelligence and the media , the great rabble that set out to derail our agenda last summer at American town hall meetings has now been distracted by the circumstances of that young man on the plane in Detroit .
While there was much concern that his lack of success may not produce the desired effects we sought , our people at the networks have taken great lengths through their use of focused attention on the incident and subtle psychological stimuli ( such as well placed graphics with emphasis on the word " terror " and the time tested use of urgent headlines preceded by the term " Breaking News " ) to instill in the hearts of Americans at every moment that they are in danger .
Much like during the September 11th 2001 attacks when the news ticker was introduced during that crisis , and when the decision was made afterward to keep the ticker running on the networks in order to maintain that sense of crisis so that support remained strong for our campaigns in Afghanistan and Iraq , the understanding of the human mind has proven essential to our cause .
Though initially we were concerned that the war weary Americans may look upon the incident in a different manner , realizing that our bombing campaign began in Yemen before they were threatened by this young man , so far as we can see , this has not occurred .
From the latest incident we expect the last remnants of opposition to the Patriot Act be swept away .
While protests against this necessary measure to securing control over our human capital were prevalent during the administration of our last man , our current man has successfully and with skill portrayed himself as an antithesis to his predecessor while solidifying the foundation that the previous administration has laid in place .
As long as our man continues to portray the image of a grassroots champion and upholds the duties of his appointment ( without " going rogue " and betraying our cause as one past holder of his office did many years ago ) then there is n't any reason to think that we can't keep our momentum .
Again , understanding the human mind has proven essential in persuading the American public that rising healthcare costs are the result of their free market .
This too was done by using our people in the media and in Congress to refocus the disdain from healthcare costs onto insurance companies , which have gracefully accepted the public 's ire during our nightly presentations in exchange for the insurance mandate that our man at the top is set to sign into law .
By skillfully setting aside the public option throughout the debate and allowing the public to maintain its illusion that government health care equates to no rationing of care and everything being paid , we have successfully convinced them to accept the reality of paying for premiums they previously claimed they could n't afford all of this without having to address new job creation in the United States or the devaluation of the currency .
The public 's belief in their triumph will only make our efforts easier since they seem to embrace our achievements as their own .
Yes , there have been setbacks .
Our recent lackluster results from the Copenhagen conference have proven that the inevitability of our success is n't absolute .
While some in our ranks blame overconfidence in our people in the universities and media , and their failure to suppress opposition from lone wolf scientists in the secured western regions who challenge the theory of man-made climate change , much of the blame rests on our own failure to convince our counterparts in the third world to accept our vision for a " cleaner " planet .
While indeed there have been other propositions for reducing pollution put on the table , they do not address the need for maintaining our investment in the western regions and the ability to continue producing the materials necessary for protecting and expanding that investment .
Our counterparts are increasingly looking upon our assembly with distrust , so it is essential that we continue to stress in our communications the peril that we face from our changing climate and the unique severity of this warming period over the many others that have preceded it .
Though I have absolute confidence in our goal and that it will one day be achieved , we also must address the elephant in the room .
We have seen over the past couple years an alarming expansion of unneeded attention to our cause as new modes of communication , ( most notoriously the internet ) , are opened to the general public .
User created media sites have given the individual more power than ever before .
While at first the public used it as we anticipated to engage in sophomoric banter and sexual gratification , many others have used it to raise awareness of our actions to larger audiences .
Though a majority of those setting these brush fires are not in any position of authority and not of any serious concern by themselves , their ability to communicate through social networking sites has allowed their numbers to swell at a worrisome rate .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
What I love about a great sauce is that it can transform an inexpensive dinner into something that looks and tastes pretty glamorous .
think a lot of home cooks shy away from them , thinking that ( 1 ) they are hard to make or ( 2 ) are too expensive .
My first money - saving trick is to use a sauce intended for one recipe on a cheaper cut of meat , poultry , or fish .
My second trick is that I often cut the recipe in half .
You do n’t need a lot of sauce — just a couple of tablespoons , to enhance flavor .
Here are some of my favorites sauce receipes .
Piccata Sauce
Lemons and capers are the hallmarks of this easy sauce .
My recipe , from my mother ’s recipe box , went over scallops .
But have you priced scallops , lately ?
Try it over budget - priced tilapia or chicken .
Here 's great basic recipe for Piccata sauce .
Mustard - Chive Sauce
For a fancy dinner party , it ’s hard to beat Pork Medallions with Mustard - Chive Sauce ( Bon Appetit , October 2004 ) .
This meal has a huge wow factor .
Guests have threatened to lick their plates .
But pork loin , unless purchased on sale , tends to be pricey .
Good news — the sauce is also terrific over chicken , firm white fish or a pork chop .
This is another one I cut in half , because unless you are cooking for six , you really do n’t need 1 2/3 cups of sauce .
Mom ’s Teriyaki Sauce
This was one of my favorite things when I was a kid .
Technically , this is also a marinade .
My mother would marinate cubes of beef in this sauce , skewer them , and Dad would grill .
The extra sauce is boiled and reduced to serve on the side .
The best part is the leftovers .
I actually prefer the skewers cold .
She used flank steak , which is usually a less expensive cut , but I have also used chicken thighs and they are great .
½ C. Soy Sauce
¼ C. Salad Oil
2 T. Molasses
2 tsp. Ground Ginger
2 tsp. Dry Mustard
2 tsp. Chopped Garlic
Combine and add 1 pound of cubed flank steak or chicken thighs .
Refrigerate and marinate three hours .
Skewer and grill .
Boil remaining marinade to pour over top of skewers .
Peanut Sauce
Check out Andrea Dickson ’s Peanut Sauce post and you ’ll find three wonderful recipes .
I am always watching for cans of peanuts to go on sale so that I can make one of her peanut sauces on the spur of the moment .
It is incredibly versatile .
Pesto Sauce
To be honest , I was not a huge fan of pesto until last year , when I planted basil in my vegetable garden .
Freshly picked basil , to me , makes a huge difference in the quality of this sauce .
Now I make it regularly .
Rather than to cut this recipe in half , I freeze the leftovers in little cups ( ice cube trays would work , too ) .
That makes for a really fast dinner when you boil some pasta .
The expensive ingredients in pesto are the pine nuts .
Celebrity chef Ina Garten combines walnuts with pine nuts , which she claims enhances the flavor .
I tried it , and I agree .
It also reduces the cost .
Tonkatsu Sauce
Here in the Islands , some of us eat our weight in Chicken Katsu .
It ’s an integral part of a mixed plate lunch .
It is traditionally served with tonkatsu sauce .
If you do n’t want to spring for skinless , boneless chicken breast halves , substitute thighs .
This sauce would even be good with kids ’ chicken fingers , out of the box .
Check it out at allrecipes.com .
It ’s simple , delicious , and really inexpensive .
Tarragon - Caper Sauce
Does n’t Chicken with Tarragon - Caper Sauce on Mixed Greens sound fancy ?
It is .
This is a fantastic light supper .
The sauce is tangy and refreshing .
When it ’s just for two of us , I cut this recipe in half .
It calls for boneless chicken breasts , but hey , it ’s also great on leftover turkey or rotisserie chicken .
Port Wine Sauce
I saved the flashiest sauce for last .
I think the first time I made it , for a big dinner party , I went all out with a prime rib .
The good news is it ’s so tasty , you can put it over a chuck roast and people will still rave .
I cannot always find dried cherries so have substituted dried cranberries , which worked fine .
The extra - good news about this sauce is that the recipe comes from Carrie Latt Wiatt ’s book , Portion Savvy : The 30 - Day Smart Plan for Eating Well .
That makes it a lower - guilt sauce .
My last money - saving tip : plant a little herb garden .
Many sauce recipes call for a small quantity of tarragon , chives , rosemary , etc .
Even if you are an apartment - dweller , you can grow herbs inside on a windowsill .
Scam artist James O'Keefe III with would be hooker Hannah Giles
You 've no doubt heard about how the Fox / Republican ACORN scam blew up in their faces today .
readers saw the joke in real time , last September when James O'Keefe and his crack team pulled one over on people who love to have something pulled over on them -- especially when it makes progressives look as bad as they are themselves and they imagine everyone else is as well .
Back then Senator Mike Johanns and his right - wing colleagues could n't wait to jump all over ACORN and smear them with all that Glenn Beck nonsense that so fascinated the mainstream media for a week or three .
In fact , on September 14 , Johanns ' amendment , S.Amdt 2355 , " prohibiting use of funds to fund the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) passed 83 - 7 , craven disgraces to the Democratic Party like Evan Bayh , Blanche Lincoln , Arlen Specter , Ben Nelson , Dianne Feinstein , Claire McCaskill rushing to buy into the trumped up demands of the far right as fast and loudly as they could .
At that time only seven out of the huge Democratic majority had the intestinal fortitude to stand up and call " bullshit " on this scam -- Roland Burris ( D - IL ) , Bob Casey ( D - PA ) , Dick Durbin ( D - IL ) , Kirsten Gillibrand ( D - NY ) , Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) , Bernie Sanders ( I - VT ) , Sheldon Whitehouse ( D - RI ) .
That was a pretty gutsy , even heroic , vote at the time -- especially for theone of the 7 up for re-election this year ( Gillibrand ) and looking even better today .
I wonder how Landrieu feels .
There was another amendment besides Johanns ' , I want to bring up , this one by lunatic fringe GOP dirtbag , Pete Olson ( R - TX ) , which attempted to honor O'Keefe and his accomplices .
Nothing ever happened with it , but Olson did manage to find 31 crazy co-sponsors to go along for the ride : Todd Akin ( R - MO ) , Roscoe Bartlett ( R - MD ) , Joe Barton ( R - TX ) , Rob Bishop ( R- UT ) , Jo Bonner ( R - AL ) , John Boozman ( R - AR ) , Paul Broun ( R- GA ) , Henry Brown ( R- SC ) , John Campbell ( R- CA ) , John Carter ( R - TX ) , Howard Coble ( R-NC ) , Tom Cole ( R - OK ) , Michael Conaway ( R - TX ) , John Culberson ( R - TX ) , Mary Fallin ( R - OK ) , closet queen Trent Franks ( R - AZ ) , Louie Gohmert ( R - TX ) , Kay Granger ( R - TX ) , Ralph Hall ( R - TX ) , Jim Jordan ( R- OH ) , Steve King ( R- IA ) , John Kline ( R- MN ) , Doug Lamborn ( R- CO ) , Blaine Luetkemeyer ( R- MO ) , Daniel Lungren ( R- CA ) , Kenny Marchant ( R - TX ) , cultist Joseph Pitts ( R - PA ) , who today claimed he'd never heard of O'Keefe , Bill Posey ( R- FL ) , Phil Roe ( R - TN ) , Mean Jean Schmidt ( R - OH ) , and John Shadegg ( R - AZ ) .
Lotta Texas Crazy in that lot !
And how did they forget Michele Bachmann and Virginia Foxx ?
Anyway , in honor of Gillibrand 's foresight and brave stand , I thought I 'd share a little clip from Colbert 's show with you tonight : Media Matters introduces O'Keefe 's partners in crime : all lowlife movement conservatives , Joseph Basel , Robert Flanagan ( son of William Flanagan , the acting U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Louisiana ) , and notorious right - wing fanatic Stan Dai .
Labels : Acorn , Kirsten Gillibrand , Landrieu , O'Keefe , Pete Olson
AP Tata stands next to his firm ’s new water filter .
Text Size A A
Last year , the Indian conglomerate Tata launched the Nano , a revolutionary low - cost car aimed at people who previously could afford only small motorcycles and scooters .
Earlier this month , the firm unveiled the Swach , an innovative household water filter requiring no electricity and retailing for as little as $ 21 .
“ The social cost of water contamination is already enormous and increases every year , ” said Ratan N. Tata , chairman of Tata Sons , at the launch event .
“ Today ’s announcement is about giving millions more people affordable access to safe water . ”
The Swach will be produced by Tata Chemicals in Haldia , West Bengal , one of India ’s poorest states .
A spokeswoman tells C&EN that although the microbial purifier is not designed to remove heavy metals and agrochemicals from water , it is effective against waterborne viruses and bacteria that cause diseases such as diarrhea , jaundice , typhoid , cholera , polio , and gastroenteritis .
The Tata group of companies says it spent several years developing the Swach .
One of the product ’s key features is a filter cartridge that stops water flow when it needs to be replaced .
The filter at the heart of Tata ’s Swach is made of rice husk ash impregnated with nanosilver particles .
In recent months , concerns have been raised about the leaching of nanosilver particles from clothing during washing ( C&EN , Nov. 30 , page 25 ) , but the firm says the Swach has been “ rigorously tested to meet internationally accepted water purification standards . ”
A new technology may make it easier for gun owners to improve their marksmanship .
Opti-sight , a new pistol - aiming device , was developed to reduce the time law enforcement , professional and amateur shooters need for target practice to get better results at the firing range .
Typically , shooters use an optical device known as a " sight " to take aim before firing on a target .
Traditional pistol sight designs rely on a square post mounted on the front of the gun 's barrel that is visually centered inside a notch on the back of the barrel .
Shooters use the two pieces to align the barrel with the target when firing .
This method , saysTimothy Kraft , an associate professor at the University of Alabama at Birmingham who designed the device , takes considerable time to master as the brain must work to reconcile inconsistencies seen through the notch , post and target .
" The way a traditional gunsight works is all very disconnected , " Kraft said .
" In order to get a good shot off you have to visually scan the gap between the front post and rear sight on the left and equalize that to the gap on the right , then align all that with the center of the target .
It is too much for the eye and brain to process . "
The opti-sight notch also sits atop the rear of the gun barrel , but differs in that it is shaped like an incomplete half - triangle .
Kraft says the new design fixes previous flaws by taking advantage of the way the subconscious mind fills in the blanks upon seeing half of a familiar shape like a circle , square , or triangle .
So when a shooter looks through the notch , the brain tells the eye where the missing triangle apex should appear and that apex is the precise point of aim .
" Opti -sight makes shooting very intuitive by allowing gunsight alignment to become subconscious , " said Kraft , who competes against some of the nation 's best pistol shooters and has worked with members of the U.S. Olympic pistol team to test his opti-sight design .
" This triangular shape that I 've created allows the brain to visualize concentric triangles whose imaginary apexes focus the shooter 's attention on the exact target bullseye , " he said .
Abstract
The book " Linux Sea " offers a gentle yet technical ( from end - user perspective ) introduction to the Linux operating system , using Gentoo Linux as the example Linux distribution .
It does not nor will it ever talk about the history of the Linux kernel or Linux distributions or dive into details that are less interesting for Linux users .
For various topics , the online Gentoo Handbook offers a very detailed approach and as such is mandatory reading for any Gentoo Linux user who wants to know the full power of this Operating System .
Although there is definitely overlap between " Linux Sea " and the online Gentoo Handbook , " Linux Sea " is by no means meant to replace the online Gentoo Handbook .
" Linux Sea " will attempt to focus on topics that everyday users would probably need to know to continue working with Gentoo Linux .
The version you are reading currently is v1.22 and has been generated on 2016 / 12/17 .
PDF and ePUB versions are available as well .
Kelly over at Comics Should Be Good just published a monster list of ten great female comic characters of the aughts .
Reading through her list reminded me how it feels to be excited about comics again .
Advertisement
Back in 2000 , I took a long break from American comics .
Outside from a few scattered titles ( Blue Monday , Hopeless Savages , A Right to Be Hostile , Public Enemy # 2 , and Harley Quinn : Preludes and Knock - Knock Jokes ) I generally migrated over to manga .
Advertisement
So , I missed a lot of the interesting women featured on Kelly 's list ( which contains spoilers , mind ) , which include Frau Baby - Eater ( Fables ) , Promethea ( Promethea ) , Tara Chace ( Queen & Country ) , Deena Pilgrim ( Powers ) , Jakita Wagner ( Planetary ) , Jessica Jones ( Alias ) , Cassandra Cain / Batgirl ( Batgirl ) , Agent 355 ( Y The Last Man ) , Michonne ( The Walking Dead ) , and Kate Kane / Batwoman ( Detective Comics ) , as well as some honorable mentions .
However , in the course of Kelly 's analysis , she mentioned something pretty important :
Something that occurred to me while I was pulling this list together is that 7 of 10 characters from my list are not currently in circulation ( and one of them only just began ) .
And while it 's possible that that is part of what makes those characters so strong ( i.e. they had clearly defined storylines with definitive beginnings and ends )
I will say that it makes me sad to realize that most of my favorite female characters of the past decade do n't currently have ongoing stories I can read .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
That 's a big one .
It would be nice to think that having an interesting and engaging female protagonist in a comic would n't be such a rare and epic event , but it is .
However , more and more people are starting to realize the power of fan girls .
Newsrama posted an interview with comics buyer Chris Ureta Casos who explicitly said :
I was talking with a customer not to long ago , and we were asking the same question about Hollywood and other mainstream outlets and what trends might pop up over the next year .
We decided that unless the powers - that - be were complete idiots , they would realize the potential with the increasing amounts of female genre fans with the popularity of Twilight and Firefly .
Comics saw substantial new interest from female fans when Buffy Season 8 came out , and there were so many great books coming out at the time to cross-sell such as Runaways , Fables , and Y The Last Man .
Advertisement
And it would n't take much to keep this trend going .
Can we pass on putting female heroes in situations where they are maimed or sexually assaulted ?
Can we have more heroines who literally become the center of the universe ?
Can we get more interesting and complex female characters , and some more compelling relationships ?
I think we can .
The tens are going to be the decade of women in media .
After the aughts , there does n't seem to be anywhere to go but up .
Advertisement
She Has No Head ! - 10 Great Female Comic Book Characters Of The Decade [ Comics Should Be Good ]
A View From My Local Comics Shop : Best of 2009 and More [ Newsarama ]
Okay , okay we get it .
Can we talk about something else now ?
[ Newsarama ]
2009 In Review and Top 10 Supergirl Comic Moments [ Comic Box Commentary ]
The lesbian moments of Wonder Woman - Ongoing [ Scans Daily ]
Hoy voy a explicaros las distintas formas de migración de un dominio a otro proveedor intentando evitar la interrupción del servicio web y de correo electrónico para el cliente .
Está claro que siempre dependerá un poco del escenario que se nos pueda plantear , hay que tener en cuenta que pueden haber muchos factores externos que hagan que dicho traslado al final no sea tan transparente .
El mejor de los escenarios que se nos podría plantear es el siguiente :
Conseguimos contactar con la empresa que posee el hosting actualmente , y esta decide colaborar en el traslado .
Esto es fundamental para poder conseguir un traslado lo más transparente posible .
Los pasos a seguir serían los siguientes :
Le pedimos a la empresa del hosting actual que nos pase copia de la página web del cliente y nos enumere las distintas cuentas de correo y sus contraseñas .
Intentamos averiguar las configuraciones actuales de los correos en Outlook o Thunderbird en el cliente .
Recordar que si las tienen configuradas como IMAP conviene descargarse una copia PST .
Si las tienen configurados como POP no habrá problema .
Creamos el cliente en nuestro servidor , subimos la página web y creamos las cuentas de correo con sus contraseñas .
Avisamos al cliente si al producirse cambio tiene que cambiar algún puerto en la configuración de Outlook o Thunderbird .
Nos ponemos en contacto con la empresa actual de hosting para ver si es posible bajar los tiempos de propagación TTL del dominio a 5 minutos .
A continuación le decimos a la empresa actual de hosting que cambie las DNS del dominio para que apunten a las DNS de nuestro servidor .
En apenas 5 minutos tendremos en funcionamiento la web y correos en nuestros servidores .
En el peor de los casos puede que se haya quedado algún correo en el servidor antiguo durante el traslado , podemos comprobarlo configurando en Outlook las distintas cuentas y poniendo como servidor de correo entrante y saliente la Ip del servidor antiguo .
Ya podemos solicitar traslado del dominio a nuestros servidores cuando queramos sin peligro de que se pierda nada , pues ya está apuntando a nuestro servidor y lo seguirá haciendo cuando se produzca el traslado .
Hay veces que no se puede rebajar el tiempo TTL de un dominio dependiendo del proveedor dónde lo tengamos alojado , en ese caso comentarte que los registros MX del dominio pueden tardar hasta unos 60 minutos en propagarse , pero mientras tanto el cliente seguirá con servicio en el servidor antiguo sin problema .
Vayamos al escenario en el que la empresa de hosting actual no decide colaborar , en este caso podemos replantear los pasos siguientes :
Nos ponemos en contacto con el cliente y que nos diga las cuentas de correo actual y sus contrase ñas si las sabe .
Si no las sabe no importa , nosotros le crearemos unas nuevas y se las pasaremos .
Intentamos averiguar las configuraciones actuales de los correos en Outlook o Thunderbird en el cliente .
Recordar que si las tienen configuradas como IMAP conviene descargarse una copia PST .
Si las tienen configurados como POP no habrá problema .
Le pedimos los accesos al hosting , y si no los tiene que se los solicite a su proveedor actual y nos los pase .
Descargamos copia de la web si tuviera .
Creamos el cliente en nuestro servidor , subimos la página web y creamos las cuentas de correo con sus contraseñas .
Avisamos al cliente si al producirse cambio tiene que cambiar algún puerto en la configuración de Outlook o Thunderbird y sus contraseñas , si las hubiéramos cambiado .
Solicitamos traslado del dominio .
Mientras nos llega y se propagan DNS el cliente sigue teniendo servicio sin problema en su alojamiento antiguo .
En el mejor de los caso puede ser que apenas se quede sin servicio .
En el peor de los casos el traslado se ha producido de madrugada , entonces puede que sí ha recibido algún correo durante la madrugada se haya quedado en bandeja de entrada del servidor antiguo .
En este caso nos haría falta conocer sí o sí las contrase ñas de los correos en el servidor antiguo para intentar configúralo en Outlook y rescatar dichos correos .
A continuación os presento una empresa experta en traslados y con servicio de Hosting y diseño web alicante
A chicken among 2,700 birds about to be slaughtered by workers from the Health and Environmental Hygiene Department is seen in a market after it was declared an infected area in Hong Kong June 7 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Bobby Yip
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Chinese health authorities are putting a stop to restaurants serving chickens which have been bitten to death by poisonous snakes and cooked up for a supposedly detoxing meal .
The dish , served by a small number of eateries in the southern province of Guangdong and the southwestern city of Chongqing , has generated a storm of publicity and controversy in the Chinese media and amongst bloggers .
A video showing a cook holding a snake and forcing it to bite a live chicken until it dies has been widely circulated online , ( http:/you.video.sina.com.cn/b/21145091-1405053100.html ) generating mainly angry comments .
“ It ’s disgusting and really cruel , ” wrote one poster on the popular portal sina.com.cn .
“ Not only is it cruel and blood - thirsty , but totally amoral , ” the Chongqing Business Daily cited a neighbor to one of the restaurants as saying .
Health authorities in Guangdong have already told restaurants to stop serving “ poisonous snake - bitten chicken ” and now those in Chongqing have joined in .
“ Although nobody has been poisoned , this at the very least is an irregular way of slaughtering poultry , ” the business newspaper quoted a local health official as saying .
One dish , prized among some in Guangdong , is monkey brains scooped from a live animal , which has regularly upset animal rights campaigners in the West .
Kourtney Kardashian Blasts OK !
For Photoshop Scam
Kourtney Kardashian has blasted OK !
magazine for claiming exclusive coverage of her post baby body .
The weekly magazine photoshopped an unauthorized photo that was taken 10 days after baby Mason was born .
The picture by Albert Michael of StarTraksPhoto.com was part of a photo shoot for Life & Style 's January 11 issue .
The OK !
cover showed a very trim version of Kardashian cradling her newborn .
The magazine put a different head shot of Kourtney on a dramatically sculpted abdomen .
The baby was tweaked a bit too and is shown in a different colored shirt .
The accompanying headline and story provide fake details of her rapid weight loss , including fabricated quotes from family members .
The photo and details are bogus according to ' tweets ' by Kourtney .
She said , " They doctored and photoshopped my body to make it look like I have already lost all the weight , which I have not ... They did n't have an exclusive with me . "
Check out more comparison photos as well as pics from Life & Style below .
A week in the life of a busy Creative Director .
Hello , my name is Thomas and I run a small design agency in Adelaide , South Australia .
You 've probably heard of me as I 'm pretty famous and am known as the Design Guru of Adelaide .
Everybody calls me that .
You can call me Tommy though .
Or the Design Guru of Adelaide if you want .
Just try it and see how it sounds .
No ?
Okay , I was n't asking you to call me that , I was just saying most people do .
It 's not a problem , Tommy then .
Although , if you say ' the Design Guru of Adelaide ' a few times in your head , you might find you prefer it because it rolls off the tongue quite well .
Okay , Thomas then .
Monday
10.30am
12.30 pm
1.30 pm
2.30 pm
3.30 pm
4.30 pm
Tuesday
12.30 pm
1.30 pm
2.30 pm
3.30 pm
4.00 pm
Wednesday
11.00am
1.40 pm
2.00 pm
Thursday
9.30 am
10.30am
11.00am
4.30 pm
4.35 pm
Friday
10.30am
10.35am
1.30 pm
At work early this morning as I started writing a novel last night and I 'm keen to check if any publishers have emailed me with expressions of interest yet .
I 'm half way through and so far it is brilliant .
It ’s about a guy who runs a design agency during the day but at night is a karate soldier with psychic powers .
And he can fly and has lots of girlfriends .
I ’m currently looking through photos of me for an appropriate one to use on the cover .
One that says ' creative genius ' but at the same time ' hey ' .
I will probably use one where I am sitting on a chair as it will remind people of that statue of the guy thinking called Guy Thinking .
Just ordered a new MacBook Pro as my current one is almost six months old and I can't be expected to play Solitaire at these speeds .
Some of the designers complained that they also need a new computer , but I spend four to five hours each day sitting behind them watching what they do and have witnessed first hand Photoshop running fine on the Macintosh IIci they share .
I just upgraded it to 8 M b a few years ago and am far too busy to be dealing with their petty issues .
Spent the last hour writing another chapter of my novel .
It now spans several millenia - from the nineteenth century to the twentieth - due to the main character being immortal .
Having him first jousting redcoats then , later in the novel , time travelling robots , provides contrast and a break from the parts where he has lots of girlfriends .
Have been sitting behind the staff having brilliant ideas .
I think of things all the time that are brilliant .
What is it called when you are a sideways thinker ?
I am one of those .
I usually have about ten sideways ideas per minute .
I should probably sit the exam for Mensa but I 'm just too busy .
Just this morning , while shaving my back , I thought how great it would be if my shaver had an mp3 player built in as I was in the mood for a bit of Seal .
I 'd call it the Rave 'n ' Shave .
Heading out for a drive shortly to buy a kite as they are a great way to meet new friends .
I have a meeting scheduled but told the secretary that if the client comes in before I get back , to talk about me and say , " I ’m surprised you managed to get an appointment with him as he is in high demand and is known as the Design Guru of Adelaide .
"
Got back in time for client meeting , we agreed on a package that saves me 20 % on local calls so it has been a successful day .
Heading home as I am exhausted and Jumper is on cable .
Just got into the office as I was up late watching the movie Jumper and downloading the iPhone developer ’s kit .
I played a lot of Space Invaders on my Commodore 64 when I was young and have a brilliant idea for an app that will make millions of dollars .
It ’s a bit like Space Invaders but more like Frogger .
With Braille touch screen for the blind .
Spent an hour writing another chapter of my novel .
The main character now works as an international fashion model and he has the ability to transport himself to any location on the planet as long as he has been there before .
As my creative energies are too large to be tethered to one discipline , in addition to becoming a famous author , I 've decided to win Australian Idol this year .
I have my first singing lesson in half an hour .
My voice is like one of those mermaids that sings to sailors as they crash onto rocks .
But a man version with deeper voice and legs .
Although I have the look they are after and perfect pitch and tenor , it makes sense to get a few pointers from a professional beforehand .
I ’ve decided not to win Australian Idol this year , as I 'm far too busy .
Long day .
Heading home after I send out an email to all staff reminding them to refer to me as the Design Guru of Adelaide and describe working with me as inspiring when they are talking about me with people at the pub or during family dinners .
Late one last night .
Decided to go to the pub and stayed for a few drinks even though everyone I knew left when I got there .
Guys are uneasy being around me with their girlfriend because they know she is thinking about me naked .
Probably lifting weights or dancing .
Luckily , there was a girl at the bar by herself so I sat down and talked to her about me .
Surprisingly , she had not heard of me even though I am very well known and people refer to me as the Design Guru of Adelaide .
Unfortunately , she had to leave before she could finish reading the news clippings about me that I keep in my pocket but she did agree to give me her mobile number , - 0123 456789 - so I will ring her tonight and read them to her .
Staff member just mentioned that six years ago I said , " I have full body cancer with only one year to live and that 's why everybody needs to work quicker . "
I told them that I never said that and to stop making things up .
Anyway , I was talking about another guy who had cancer .
He ’s dead now so they should show some respect .
Leaving early today to ring the girl I met last night .
She will probably want to meet for a drink or come over to my place so I need to collate the photocopies of news clippings and magazine articles about me into a scrapbook for her and shampoo my chest .
I also need to make a mix tape of my favourite songs .
I know most of the dance moves to Disco by the Pet Shop Boys so will start slow with that before popping and locking for her with some Depeche Mode .
Early night last night .
Walked into the office talking on phone , telling client I appreciate him for saying I was the most creative and brilliant person in Australia , when the phone rang .
Explained to staff that my phone is one of the new iPhones that rings while you are on a call to let you know that someone else is calling and they just have n't heard of it yet .
Because their phones are old .
I got cut off at the same time it rang .
That 's the only reason I stopped talking and looked surprised .
Finishing up the final chapters of my novel .
It is now set in a post - apocalyptic future where the polar ice caps have melted , water covers the planet , and people live in floating towns .
The main character has gills on his neck and grows tomato plants .
I have a meeting to go to in an hour and need to go shopping for something nice to wear as my green trucker hat does n'tt go with my canvas shoes .
I should start my own t- shirt website because I have lots of brilliant ideas for t- shirt designs and people would be happy to pay upwards of two hundred dollars per shirt if they knew I had designed it .
Like Ed Hardy .
I should also make a website where people can buy my semen .
I ’m like a pedigree racehorse or a cow with award winning udders .
I 'd do that if I were n’t so busy .
Just got back from a four hour meeting with a potential client in regards to designing a business card for them .
I ’m very excited about where this could lead , as they are the eighteenth largest supplier of gravel in Adelaide .
I will send them a quote in a few weeks as they take a long time to write .
I could tell they were impressed during the meeting as they continually rose , in a manner that can only be described as lengthy standing ovations , then sat down again when I kept talking .
One of the female clients was very attracted to me so I showed her photocopies of my Smart Roadster specs and explained what all the graphs meant .
I will send her an email now and tell her my last girlfriend died of cancer so that she knows I am available , and I 'll attach a photo of me sitting in my car .
And one of me wearing jogging shorts so she knows I am athletic .
Heading home as I 'm exhausted both physically and mentally after two client meetings in as many months .
Walked in and had an argument with Shannon .
I do n’t see why I have to justify myself to her .
It ’s my business and therefore my company Visa card .
I do n't appreciate being questioned .
Obviously there has been some kind of mistake and we have been charged $ 29.95 per month by teenshemale.com in error .
It ’s not her job to ring the bank and question the purchase when I told her I would take care of it even though I am extremely busy .
I put a password on my computer .
Used a random selection of 128 numbers and characters so as to make it impossible for the secretary to guess .
Will not write it down anywhere in case she finds it .
Completed my novel .
It 's the best book ever written and will become a best seller within weeks .
This will mean I 'll be busy doing promotional tours and replying to people who have written thanking me for sharing my gift , so I need to tell my staff that I will not be here as often to give them the creative guidance they rely on .
It will be upsetting but they have to understand that I owe it to my fans to do book signing tours and appear on Dancing with the Stars .
To celebrate the completion of my novel , I invited the staff over to my place to listen to stories about me but they all had prior plans .
Photograph by Brad Barket .
Welcome to 2010 .
As if you have n’t been reminded enough , today officially begins a new decade .
Which mean it ’s time to reflect on the past 10 years and ponder how far we ’ve come .
Remember answering machines , compact discs , and airplanes without wi-fi ?
Weird , right ?
How did the world change so much in what seemed like the blink of an eye ?
What have we learned about ourselves from surviving the 00s , and how can we use this knowledge to make the next decade a little less sucky ?
There ’s much to contemplate , and quite honestly , we ’re a little too hungover from last night ’s celebration to tackle such heady questions .
So we ’ve left the messy business of decennium introspection in the far more capable hands of John Oliver .
Why Oliver ?
For one thing , he ’s poised to have a ridiculously productive 2010 .
He continues to be a popular correspondent on The Daily Show — a post he ’s held since 2006 — as well as a co-star on the Joel McHale sitcom Community , one of the few reasons that NBC has n’t gone out of business yet .
And beginning next Friday , January 8 ( at 11 p.m./10 p.m. central ) , he ’ll be hosting his very own standup comedy series , called John Oliver ’s New York Stand - Up Show , which runs for six episodes on Comedy Central and features such heavy hitters as Janeane Garofalo , Mary Lynn Rajskub , Brian Posehn , Paul F. Tompkins , Marc Maron , and * The Daily Show ’*s Kristen Schaal .
But most importantly , we asked Oliver to evaluate the decade because he ’s British .
For some reason , British comics tend to be astute critics of American society .
( Ricky Gervais , anyone ? )
And Oliver in particular seems to understand us as only an English expatriate with mixed emotions about the Land of the Free could .
Last month , during a speech at The Economist ’s “ World in 2010 ” Conference , Oliver compared his affection for the U.S. with “ falling in love with a girl that ’s just throwing up all over herself , pulling her hair back and softly whispering to her that everything was going to be alright . ”
C’mon , admit it , you ’ve never heard a better metaphor for America in the new millennium .
Oliver and I exchanged emails during the last days of 2009 , just as human civilization was sputtering towards its inevitable end .
Eric Spitznagel : Let ’s start with an overview of the last decade .
I ’ll list a few highlights and you put it in perspective for us .
U.S. troops invade Iraq .
John Oliver : Invade Iraq ?
Please .
I think you mean liberate .
I think you also mean protect the rest of the world from an evil despot hell bent on blowing up the planet .
Do n’t you ?
I ’m pretty sure that ’s why we sent thousands of brave young men and women there .
Right ?
A historian might convincingly argue that I ’m living in a fantasy world , but I would simply argue that I ’m happier here skipping with my unicorns than they are with their “ facts .
” Enron files for bankruptcy .
Ah , such happy memories .
How did such a quaint mom-and - pop organization as Enron get themselves into such a kerfuffle ?
At least we can be safe in the knowledge that we as a species learnt from that financial fable of overreaching greed , and nothing like that ever happened again .
Oh look , here comes another one of my unicorns .
Hurricane Katrina .
To be completely fair to President Bush , it really was n’t just black people that he did n’t care about .
Michael Jackson dies at 50 .
I think my main memory of this will be of CNN and Larry King desperately trying to revive this story as it seemed to be slipping away from us .
They bravely fought to keep it alive night after night , long after even the funeral had taken place .
Eventually , exhausted , they just had to let it go .
But that story did not die in vain .
I will always remember it as the story which meant journalists did n’t have to report extensively on the post-election riots in Iran .
I think that ’s what Michael Jackson would have wanted .
AN IPSWICH man has admitted downloading graphic cartoon porn images featuring child characters from The Simpsons and The Powerpuff Girls TV shows .
The 28 - year - old is now a registered sex offender and will have to report to police after pleading guilty in Ipswich District Court to having the bizarre images on his computer .
Police went to Kurt James Milner ’s Leichhardt home on January 24 , 2008 after receiving an anonymous tip - off about the disturbing material .
Milner told police he would co-operate but did not want to give them his computer .
But an hour - and - a - half later he phoned police and said they could now have his computer .
Officers discovered the computer would no longer turn on but a year later police forensic experts recovered 64 images of cartoon child exploitation material in the machine ’s recycle bin .
The images depicted figures from The Simpsons , The Powerpuff Girls and The Incredibles in sexually explicit positions .
Milner , a former security guard , told police he downloaded the images to show them to his friend “ because he believed they were funny ” .
He pleaded guilty to charges of possessing child exploitation material and using a carriage service to access child exploitation material .
Milner was sentenced to 12 months jail but it was wholly suspended for five years .
A conviction was recorded .
He was also given a $ 1000 good behaviour bond for five years .
Crown Prosecutor Suzanne Cantatore said the sentence needed to be harsh as it was Milner ’s second conviction for having child exploitation material .
The Leichhardt resident was convicted of possessing child exploitation material in 2003 after 59 sexual images of actual youngsters were found on his computer .
He received two years probation with no conviction recorded .
“ Although these offences involve cartoon characters it is nonetheless serious especially since he has a prior conviction for child exploitation material , ” Ms Cantatore said .
Defence lawyer Matthew Fairclough said his client did not get any sexual gratification from the cartoons .
“ It was more about amusement , ” Mr Fairclough said .
Mr Fairclough said his client complied with his previous probation order but was never offered any counselling .
Judge Deborah Richards said the offences were particularly serious as Milner had history for the same crime .
Calves grow quicker if you restrict the blood supply Strength training with relatively light weights results in a big gain in muscle strength if you cut off the blood supply to those muscle groups during your sets .
Even the calf muscles , the muscle group that reacts least to training , gain strength more quickly if you restrict the blood supply just above the knee during calf - raises .
This is the message of an article that sports scientists from Loughborough University in England have published in the European Journal of Applied Physiology .
It does n't matter how you do it : if you deprive your muscles of oxygen during strength training , they 'll grow quicker .
Yesterday we wrote about a study which showed that the anabolic hormone stimulus of strength training increases if athletes train in a room with less oxygen in the air .
Another research approach is to restrict the blood supply to muscle groups .
Human studies show that muscle protein production increases as a result of doing this .
The most interesting thing about this effect is that relatively low levels of exertion – like doing a short sprint – with blood flow restruction lead to a strong anabolic response by the body .
Researchers are optimistic that blood flow restruction training may help people who are no longer able to train hard , because of age or sickness .
Progressive trainers and athletes are already experimenting with blood flow restruction training .
They hope to be able to add it to their regular training so they can enhance muscle growth without it leading to over - training .
In their article , the English researchers got sixteen untrained women to train their calf muscles three times a week for a period of four weeks .
The blood supply to one calf was cut off by a restrictive band , and the other calf received the normal blood supply .
Half of the women trained at 25 percent of their 1RM .
The other half trained at 50 percent of their 1RM .
The test subjects trained their calves in a sitting position .
They did 3 sets and rested for one minute between sets .
Each calf training session lasted 5 - 8 minutes , during which time the women had a band around their knee to restrict the blood supply .
The figure below shows the effect of the training on the 1RM .
After 4 weeks the researchers also measured how quickly the blood circulation recovered after removing the restrictive band above the knee .
The circulation returned to normal more quickly as a result of the blood flow restruction strength training .
The researchers think that the effect on blood circulation has something to do with the mechanism that 's responsible for the effect of blood flow restruction strength training , but so far no light has been shed on this .
Perhaps blood flow restruction training results in more and stronger capillaries in the muscles via growth factors like VEGF , they speculate .
It 's not yet clear though whether blood flow restruction training is suitable for everyone .
The researchers urge caution .
" Concern surrounds the fact that the veins are congested and distended and this may cause problems for normal blood flow by causing damage to the valves within the vein " , they write in the conclusion of their article .
Source :
Eur J Appl Physiol .
2010 Mar;108(5) :1025 -33 .
More :
Oxygen shortage makes strength training more effective 28.01.2010
Restricted muscles grow faster 15.03.2009
Restricting blood flow makes muscles grow 14.02.2009
A week ago we presented the observations of TrimTabs ' Charles Biderman , who laid out a logical case for why there is significant circumstantial evidence that the Fed is manipulating markets by purchasing index futures in the aftermarket : " One way to manipulate the stock market would be for the Fed or the Treasury to buy $ 20 billion , plus or minus , of S&P 500 stock futures each month for a year .
Depending on margin levels , $ 20 billion per month would translate into at least $ 100 billion in notional buying power ... This type of intervention could explain some of the unusual market action in recent months , with stock prices grinding higher on low volume even as companies sold huge amounts of new shares and retail investors stayed on the sidelines .
For example , Tyler Durden of ZeroHedge has pointed out that virtually all of the market ’s upside since mid-September has come from after - hours S&P 500 futures activity . "
Today MarketWatch has an open appeal to the Fed to put Biderman 's allegation to rest by publicly disproving that it is involved in any direct market manipulation .
" Biderman 's accusation of PPT market manipulation is another argument in favor of a complete public audit of the Fed 's books ... there is a widespread belief that the PPT does manipulate stock prices on a daily basis to enrich its pals and screw individual investors .
It would be useful to prove them . " We could n't agree more .
Here is a summary of MarketWatch 's Washington Bureau Chief thoughts on the issue :
Charles Biderman , chief executive of TrimTabs Investment Research , is the latest and most credible person to charge that the Federal Reserve and the Treasury ( in league with top Wall Street firms ) is rigging the stock market on a daily basis .
In a special report released Tuesday , Biderman said the $ 6 trillion increase in U.S. stock - market capitalization since March can't be explained by the usual sources of funds flowing into the market -- such as mutual funds , direct retail investment , pension funds , hedge funds or foreign purchases .
The only logical explanation for the extent of the rally , he suggested , is secret buying by a government committee known colloquially as the Plunge Protection Team .
It 's like the dark matter that astrophysicists conjecture must be there , even if we can't detect it .
The PPT was established by President Ronald Reagan in 1988 after the 1987 stock crash to coordinate the government 's response to market meltdowns .
It consists of the Fed chairman , the Treasury secretary , the head of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the head of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission .
And while direct confirmation of PPT actions would be in a legal gray area , and maybe not result in the immediate incarceration of all those at the Federal Reserve and ancillary Wall Street firms who are aware of this activity , " doing so would likely violate the Federal Reserve 's investment policies , and could violate federal law if not disclosed properly . "
While non-circumstantial evidence of the PPT is still missing , numerous truth seekers have made their life pursuit to catch the Fed red handed in what will likely be the biggest piece of financial journalism ever , when disclosed .
Alternatively , Bernanke can go on the record and confirm that he does not know or participate in any Fed - sponsored or directly initiated ( choice of words here is very critical ) purchasing of equity securities .
Somehow we do n't think we will hold our breath on that one .
h/t Mike
Stealth Mouse Comparison
Stealth 1 Design The Stealth 1 has a horizontal Z - wheel in the center 9.5 " x 5.5 " x 3.8 " ( 24 x 14 x 8 cm ) Profile of Stealth 1 showing height Angle view of Stealth 1 9.5 " x 5.5 " x 3.8 " ( 24 x 14 x 8 cm ) Profile of Stealth 1 showing heightAngle view of Stealth 1
Stealth 2 Design The Stealth 2 has a vertical Z - wheel at the right thumb 8.5 " x 4.2 " x 2.8 " ( 21.5 x 10.5 x 7 cm ) Profile of Stealth 2 showing height Angle view of Stealth 2 8.5 " x 4.2 " x 2.8 " ( 21.5 x 10.5 x 7 cm ) Profile of Stealth 2 showing heightAngle view of Stealth 2
Stealth 3 Design The Stealth 3 has a horizontal Z - wheel in the center 7.9 " x 4 " x 1.7 " ( 20 x 10 x 4.3 cm ) Profile of Stealth 3 showing height Angle view of Stealth 3 Combined image of Stealth 1 , Stealth 2 , Stealth 3 , Stealth 4 7.9 " x 4 " x 1.7 " ( 20 x 10 x 4.3 cm ) Profile of Stealth 3 showing heightAngle view of Stealth 3Combined image of Stealth 1 , Stealth 2 , Stealth 3 , Stealth 4
Why buy a super zoom ?
Super - zoom packs more zoom into a digital camera than any other class .
These cameras are bigger than the average point and shoot but still smaller than most SLRs .
They pack in the most features of all digicams and are fantastic for shooting subjects far away – great for sports or nature photography .
Equipped with his very own helmet cam , Opee the motocross dog rides shotgun as his owner races the Baja 500 and hopes one day to go down in the Guinness Book of world records as the fastest dog on earth .
Advertisement
Opee rides in a custom helmet , neck brace and inflatable vest to protect him from injury , but that did n't prevent him from getting a skinned nose and a hurt paw during a 75 MPH crash in Baja .
Advertisement
Oppee 's owner Simon did n't intend to turn him into a motorcycle dog .
He used to chase Simon through the desert while he went for rides , so Simon bought a quad for Opey to ride along .
The dog soon complained about dust in his eyes , so he started wearing goggles and the rest is history .
Simon hopes to see Opee featured in a movie in the future and plans to do a back flip into a foam pit with him on board .
[ The Off Road Puppy viaYahoo ]
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Thanks for the tip , Mom !
There was a lot of hand - wringing in the '00s about whether the album still mattered in the rock world .
In our sphere , though , it 's hard to say that appeal has ever waned .
Ask any artist that has spent their career releasing a crush of 12 - inch singles and digital EPs , and they 'll tell you that it 's the only place to stretch out , the format in which they can truly showcase everything they have to say .
The best albums , though , transcend context .
And that 's largely what our top 100 records of the decade reflect .
Whether it be house , techno , disco , drum & bass , jazz , trip - hop , ambient or all of it at once , these were the many sounds that made up the past decade for us .
Classic house with an almost unbearably melancholic feel from Berlin and Cologne .
Regarded as a nice enough IDM producer based on his debut full - length and a handful of singles , Uwe Zahn shattered expectations with , a small masterpiece of ambient music that seemed to have nary a Max / MSP patch in sight .
" Theme , " which opens the album with a delicate harpsichord , immediately signaled the different tack that Zahn was to take with the album .
But Deauville , the producer 's tribute to the French town , is its most memorable moment , placid synths melting into a slow beat and the sound of the sea .
- Todd Burns
97 . Drexciya - Harnessed the Storm [ Tresor , 2002 ]
The Cadenza label head 's debut album before Cadenza was even a glint in his eye .
Oceanic bliss from the Detroit duo " flared through dimensional waves .
" Winsome post - minimal house from Lee Jones and Nick Höppner .
The full - length masterpiece from electroclash 's most visible duo .
Matt Edwards and Joel Martin's ode to exotica and trip - hop .
The making of one of dubstep 's biggest stars .
Sasha 's debut album , an impeccably produced collection of more relaxed fare .
Can a soundtrack exist without a film ?
It can with an album that bristles with as much volatile energy and conceptual scope as this one .
The creature behind the barricades ofis tensely coiled , taut and defensive , rapid - fire ragga spitting over wall - of - sound industrial dubstep , casting a pall of urban dystopia with tracks " Angry , " " Murder We " and " Too Much Pain . "
Electronic dub had long been the domain of Kevin Martin , AKA The Bug , but by moving two clicks to the left , he found within dubstep the perfect conduit to reconcile his menacing cinematic dub with its ancestral Jamaican roots .
- Christine Kakaire
To these ears at least , there was something quintessentially British about Nathan Fake 's debut LP , .
Sure , the awkward folktronica tag attached a certain geographical association .
And the twee artwork , based in what is presumably rural Norfolk , struck an UK - centric chord .
But there was something about the way in which the album 's cascading floral melodies unfolded atop its barely - there drums that reminded me so resplendently of walks in country lanes and clotted cream .
The then 22 - year - old 's opus did somewhat confound an expectant techno scene , although eventually that initial shock did , by and large , turn to awe .
- Ryan Keeling
The duo's fourth album , and a return to more danceable fare .
More dub - heavy trip - hop grooves from the masters of the form .
The mysterious debut from a woman who would grow to become a bona fide pop star .
An ambient elegy , composed of literally disintegrating tapes from the producer 's vast archives .
The Hamburg producer emerged into the gray light with this album of downcast house .
Animal Collective 's resident techno geek turns in his most beat - driven affair yet .
A Norwegian take on Air , downbeat with plenty of pop sensibility .
New musicians go through different phases .
I felt like I was entering something new for Bruno .
I was going through a divorce , and had just moved to Berlin , so the album has that feeling of melancholy plus the feeling of being in a new city .
At the time I was really seriously in touch with Roxy Music , and how Roxy Music albums are pieced together .
I knew my album could n't sound like Roxy Music , but I wanted to focus more on musicality and sounding nice , instead of some crazy MSP patch .
Aside fromand , there have n't been many techno records that really stand on their own as a musical statement .
Even Moodymann and Theo Parrish , there 's a huge amount of musicality to what they do , so it 's timeless , you know ?
That 's definitely a goal — making music that people can listen to forever .
- Bruno Pronsato
The Border Community boss , and his expansive visions of electronic music 's possibilities .
An ADD - driven double album from the famed IDM genius .
As Farben , Jan Jelinek 's coup is in making glitch as palatable as possible .
But most importantly , this album is unmistakably glitch ; each skip , stutter , scratch , blip , zip and click an undeniable byproduct of abstraction and compost .
And yet , the album is luscious enough to dine on , each detail and sound as individually textured and tasty as an array of food .
is not just further proof that house music 's possibilities are vast , but also that , often times , the best approach to music is the most unlikely one .
- Tal Rosenberg
Sascha Ring 's pop IDM full - length , a throbbing album of anthemic gems .
The second excellent full - length in as many years from the microhouse maestro .
The French DJ / producer gets jazzy on his first full - length of the decade .
The grime superstar 's debut was a surprisingly deep look into the mind of a fragile youngster .
Impeccably arranged soul and funk loops played over and over and over and over and over again .
It can be difficult , in the wake of the disappointing work that 's followed , to remember how defining this album was .
Butboth summed up the electroclash era and outran it blindfolded — not difficult , maybe , but the snarling whomp of " Silver Screen Shower Scene " and the wired rubber - band bass line of " What Does It Feel Like ? " retain an urgency that even Miss Kittin 's seen - and - snorted - it - all vocals can't damper .
In fact , the contrast is one of the things that madeso emblematic for a generation inundated with media since birth , yet feeling its feet for the first time .
- Michaelangelo Matos
72 . Horsepower Productions - In Fine Style [ Tempa , 2002 ]
The first album on Tempa is a rare beast : Highly influentiallistenable .
This Swedish producer 's ode to Detroit techno is one of the genre 's finest moments of the past decade .
Deep , dark and abstract journeys into the world of dub techno .
Famed London nightclub
The End was renowned for its diverse approach to dance music , boasting some of the most diverse programming in all of clubland .
It was unsurprising , then , to hear the second album of Layo Paskin and Matthew Benjamin — two of the men behind the venue — bouncing around gleefully , taking in influence from all corners .
More interesting , though , was how coherent it all ended up sounding : Somehow these two made anthems like " Love Story " and dreamy trip - hop workouts like " Blind Tiger " sit comfortably only a few minutes from one another .
- Todd L. Burns
66 . Closer Musik - After Love [ Kompakt , 2002 ]
The electro producer proved he was much more than a mere master of the cover song on his debut album .
Breezy Balearic tunes straight from the banks of the Göta Älv. Dirk Leyers and Matias Aguayo's debut album was minimal techno of a different sort .
The debut album from dubstep 's boy wonder showcased the sound of Croydon .
Ludovic Navarre 's greatest work was a sublime melding of jazz and house .
A blast of synth pop genius from an Australian trio updating the sound of Depeche Mode and Human League .
The much welcomed return from the idiosyncratic Bristol group was every bit worth the wait .
Much has been made of Darren White 's recent exploits as one - third of the holier - than - thou Autonomic collective , but it was his debut album , released mid-way through 2008 , that first marked him out as a true underground heavyweight .
Coming on the back of sterling LPs from Breakage and Commix , it signalled a shift back towards a deeper , more musically adventurous aesthetic in drum & bass , and in its stylish but affecting marriage of stark percussion and bittersweet melodics , remains unsurpassed in the genre 's recent history .
- Max Bacharach
In which three leading lights of avant - garde electronic music get together and push themselves even further .
A thoughtful take on microhouse .
Considered , immaculate and supremely danceable .
The everything and the kitchen sink duo at their mind and genre - bending best .
Nine night drive productions from the collective mind of Robert Henke and Torsten Pröfrock .
If Minus had n't been created by the timewas completed , it might have been necessary to invent it .
The album was the embodiment of the possibilities inherent in minimal techno , allowing for strange and wondrous landscapes and machine funk .
Rarely do artists have the time and energy to make something as conceptually rigorous , an album which sounds as if it was borne out of depression and despair , but whose maker emerged on the other side to become something else altogether .
- Todd L. Burns
Evocative techno from one of the genre 's few flâneurs . seemed to signal the end of an era for Björk .
But what an ending it was , tiptoeing its way between pop ambition and avant - garde tendency .
Imaginatively orchestral , it was among her most overtly beautiful records , awash with harp , bells , softened beats and , of course , her stunning voice cutting through it all .
Among her most insular records , stands as a prime reason to celebrate things like hidden places , cocoons and pagan poetry .
- Todd L. Burns
53 . Isolee - We Are Monster [ Playhouse , 2005 ]
A complex and dizzying array of sound , all filtered through the prism of house and techno .
Barely .
Lush and jazzy vibes from the Detroit sandwich artist .
Mike Skinner 's grimy and poetic debut album still sounds like little else .
Very few French producers can claim to have had a first album as primitively raw as Vitalic .
The power of early , heavily compressed tracks like " Poney Pt. 1 " and " La Rock 01 " were so stunning it blew electroclash 's self - absorbed mind and even turned James Murphy from punk to techno .
Thankfully , Pascal Arbez - Nicolas was also versatile enough to confront his Eastern Europe background on " Polkamatic , " while absorbing the doleful side of synth - pop on " The Past , " making the missing link between Daft Punk 's sheer heart - pumping thrill and the instinctual energy unleashed by the Ed Banger cohort .
- Stéphane Girard
Reverential dub techno from a Detroit and Chicago duo steeped in electronic music history .
Bubbling , mesmeric suite of singles from an inspired pairing of Berlin 's electronic music elite .
Dubstep - not - dubstep from one of the many producers methodically tearing up the genre 's rulebook .
A meeting of the experimental minds that was every bit as good as you 'd expect .
The synth pop duo flex their muscles more , but still can't help but shed a few tears along the way .
Idiosyncratic house and techno from one of the most admired men in the business .
Along with The Field , this Brazilian jingle writer 's infectious techno helped save Kompakt .
Efdemin's self - titled album was perhaps the high - point of Dial 's decade long dedication to downbeat house .
Like labelmate Pantha Du Prince , Phillip Sollmann had plenty of outside interests that had nothing to do with electronic music — Harry Partch , This Heat , Robert Wyatt — that at least tangentially informed his beautiful deep house , allowing his work to somehow exist in a space outside of the genre .
But as anyone who has seen him DJ can attest , he 's well - versed in the genre as well , ready to rock Panorama Bar with an educated selection of dusty gems .
- Todd L. Burns
40 . Commix - Call to Mind [ Metalheadz , 2007 ]
Bewitching ambient music mostly composed via guitar .
Not that you 'd know it by listening .
The Cambridge drum & bass heads provided one of the genre 's best full - lengths of the '00s by looking outside of it .
A friend recently called Matthew Dear 's rock excursions perfect for Thursdays .
That may sound like an indictment of Matthew Dear 's best album to date , but I tend to think it 's high praise .
Albums that work outside of the weekend are exactly the type of music that stands the test of time .
Likeworks in nearly any context , whether you 're waking up , going to sleep , gearing up for a night out or coming down from the same .
- Todd L. Burns
36 . Newworldaquarium - The Dead Bears [ NWAQ , 2007 ]
An album that influenced countless DJs and producers , and was an electronic gateway drug for thousands of rock kids .
Ambient music with enough oomph to keep the club kids happy .
Swampy dance floor epics that transcend their original home on vinyl .
Punk , funk and dance music : Four Brooklyn lads make New York cool again after electroclash .
Syrupy selections from two of deep house 's most thoughtful experimentalists .
When two of titans of the electronic music scene unite to take on two titans of classical music history , the pressure is certainly on to deliver the goods .
Those expecting fireworks out of the Detroit techno demigod and the founding father of Basic Channel 's interpretations of Ravel 's " Bolero " ( and the lesser known " Spanish Rhapsody " ) and Mussorgsky 's " Pictures at an Exhibition " might have been disappointed , but the pair make up for it with a series of subtle , yet stunning explorations of these signature works .
was n't the dance floor bomb many anticipated ( although there are some aggressively rhythmic movements here , to be sure ) , but it was still a mesmerizing listen , oozing with texture and deftly avoiding the trap of predictable .
- Todd Hutlock
Midtown 120 Blues
[ 30 .
DJ Sprinkles Mule Musiq , 2009 ]
Terre Thaemlitz is one of the few producers capable of pushing electronic music into the political realm without retreating into platitudes about how everybody 's dancing .
Thaemlitz 's exploration of identity politics via house music has long been an indispensible voice and on Midtown 120 Blues , it sounds better than ever : Moody , spectral , world weary .
Tracks like " Grand Central , Pt. II ( 72hrs. by Rail from Missouri ) " echo like a decade - long hangover from some screaming epic party when you truly believed that everything was going to be okay .
The press release describes the album as " the rhythm of empty midtown dance floors resonating with the difficulties of transgendered sex work , black market hormones , drug and alcohol addiction , racism , gender and sexual crises , unemployment and censorship . "
That 's a tall order for any work of art — and in Midtown 120 Blues , you actually hear it .
- James Reeves
Terre Thaemlitz is one of the few producers capable of pushing electronic music into the political realm without retreating into platitudes about how everybody 's dancing .
Thaemlitz 's exploration of identity politics via house music has long been an indispensible voice and on , it sounds better than ever : Moody , spectral , world weary .
Tracks like " Grand Central , Pt. II ( 72hrs. by Rail from Missouri ) " echo like a decade - long hangover from some screaming epic party when you truly believed that everything was going to be okay .
The press release describes the album as " the rhythm of empty midtown dance floors resonating with the difficulties of transgendered sex work , black market hormones , drug and alcohol addiction , racism , gender and sexual crises , unemployment and censorship . "
That 's a tall order for any work of art — and in , you actually hear it .
From Here We Go Sublime
[ 29 .
The Field Kompakt , 2007 ]
Fittingly released in the melting winter of 2007 , Swedish techno mesmerist Axel Willner 's debut as The Field , From Here We Go Sublime , sounded kind of like a pop album mangled into novelty by a broken record needle .
Part of this was the effect of the nagging familiarity of the samples he unspooled and lengthened into swooning , spring - wind epics , pulled from artists like Kate Bush and Lionel Richie .
Mostly though , it was in how instantaneously he drew the listener in with the pulse and surge of his melodies :
Shards from pop 's past given the same emotive draw over six , seven shimmering minutes .
We 're contractually prohibited here at RA from using the dreaded " t " word — you know , the one that rhymes with dance — but Willner was deft enough with his cross-pollination on Sublime to sidestep the genre 's stigma .
The result :
The greatest techno - you - know - what hybrid we 'll ever hear .
- Derek Miller
Fittingly released in the melting winter of 2007 , Swedish techno mesmerist Axel Willner 's debut as The Field , , sounded kind of like a pop album mangled into novelty by a broken record needle .
Part of this was the effect of the nagging familiarity of the samples he unspooled and lengthened into swooning , spring - wind epics , pulled from artists like Kate Bush and Lionel Richie .
Mostly though , it was in how instantaneously he drew the listener in with the pulse and surge of his melodies :
Shards from pop 's past given the same emotive draw over six , seven shimmering minutes .
We 're contractually prohibited here at RA from using the dreaded " t " word — you know , the one that rhymes with dance — but Willner was deft enough with his cross-pollination onto sidestep the genre 's stigma .
The result :
The greatest techno - you - know - what hybrid we 'll ever hear .
The Last Resort
[ 28 . Trentemøller Poker Flat , 2006 ]
One of my RA colleagues half - jokingly refers to The Last Resort as " organic forest techno , " but truth be told , he is n't that far off .
Danish producer Anders Trentemøller 's debut album works its way up from an atmospheric palette of sounds into a sprawling collection of tracks that seem to grow right out of the speakers .
The twin secrets to success here , however , are Trentemøller 's melodic skill , which elevates the proceedings from mere ambient techno noodling to earworm territory , and the musicality of the instrumental choices ( including live drums , guitars and other acoustic instruments like celesta , glockenspiel , melodica and even DJ scratching ) .
The combination makes for a deeply satisfying home listening experience that still manages to have all the beats line up effectively .
- Todd Hutlock
One of my RA colleagues half - jokingly refers toas " organic forest techno , " but truth be told , he is n't that far off .
Danish producer Anders Trentemøller 's debut album works its way up from an atmospheric palette of sounds into a sprawling collection of tracks that seem to grow right out of the speakers .
The twin secrets to success here , however , are Trentemøller 's melodic skill , which elevates the proceedings from mere ambient techno noodling to earworm territory , and the musicality of the instrumental choices ( including live drums , guitars and other acoustic instruments like celesta , glockenspiel , melodica and even DJ scratching ) .
The combination makes for a deeply satisfying home listening experience that still manages to have all the beats line up effectively .
Los Angeles
[ 27 . Flying Lotus Warp Records , 2008 ]
Flying Lotus ' Los Angeles successfully reasserted the fertile link between hip hop and electronic music that had slowly been fading throughout the decade .
For fans of classic material from DJ Shadow , Dabrye and Prefuse 73 , it marked the rise of a new wave of beat - smiths from California .
Beyond helping break a new sound , though , the album was also a milestone for atmospheric electronic music , employing an array of dusty break beats and crackly samples to transport the listener on a midnight ride through the City of Angels .
Perhaps the greatest surprise of all is the fact that this dense , syrupy music could move crowds just as well as minds .
The live show Flying Lotus toured with after the release heavily relied on material from the album , and was one of the most exciting and creative of the decade .
- Bernardo Arrospide
Flying Lotus 'successfully reasserted the fertile link between hip hop and electronic music that had slowly been fading throughout the decade .
For fans of classic material from DJ Shadow , Dabrye and Prefuse 73 , it marked the rise of a new wave of beat - smiths from California .
Beyond helping break a new sound , though , the album was also a milestone for atmospheric electronic music , employing an array of dusty break beats and crackly samples to transport the listener on a midnight ride through the City of Angels .
Perhaps the greatest surprise of all is the fact that this dense , syrupy music could move crowds just as well as minds .
The live show Flying Lotus toured with after the release heavily relied on material from the album , and was one of the most exciting and creative of the decade .
[ 26 .
Matias Aguayo - Are You Really Lost Kompakt , 2005 ]
Matias Aguayo had already delivered a much - lauded album earlier in the decade as one half of Closer Musik , but despite this , Are You Really Lost arrived with little fanfare in 2005 — perhaps a result of the Cologne powerhouse 's seemingly relentless schedule of releases , sub-labels and distribution activities at the time .
But those who spent a little while in the company of this slow - paced , oddly unsettling release found that it yielded great rewards , tracing previously unseen links between sparse minimalism , loose - limbed percussion and Agauyo 's flailing , haunted vocals .
More sombre in tone than much of his output , Are You Really Lost is an utterly distinctive piece of work , uncovering a murky narco - disco hinterland that has yet to be fully explored .
- Lee Smith
Matias Aguayo had already delivered a much - lauded album earlier in the decade as one half of Closer Musik , but despite this , arrived with little fanfare in 2005 — perhaps a result of the Cologne powerhouse 's seemingly relentless schedule of releases , sub-labels and distribution activities at the time .
But those who spent a little while in the company of this slow - paced , oddly unsettling release found that it yielded great rewards , tracing previously unseen links between sparse minimalism , loose - limbed percussion and Agauyo 's flailing , haunted vocals .
More sombre in tone than much of his output , is an utterly distinctive piece of work , uncovering a murky narco - disco hinterland that has yet to be fully explored .
Burial
[ 25 . Burial Hyperdub , 2006 ]
Burial 's sophomore album Untrue may have had the spectral garage anthems of " Archangel , " " Ghost Hardware , " " Raver " and the title track , but that does n't mean that we should forget about Burial .
Many fans still hail it as their favourite of the two due to the way it works as an album and its concisely dark and dusky tone .
It was — and still is — a revolutionary record in the way that it influenced dubstep sounds and reinvented 2 - step for an entirely different generation .
From the sublow meditation of " Distant Lights " through to the Eno-esque ambience of " Forgive " and the gorgeously wonky " Broken Home , " every track on Burial stands up firmly on its own , making it an essential listen whether you consider yourself into dubstep or not .
- Richard Carnes
Burial 's sophomore albummay have had the spectral garage anthems of " Archangel , " " Ghost Hardware , " " Raver " and the title track , but that does n't mean that we should forget about .
Many fans still hail it as their favourite of the two due to the way it works as an album and its concisely dark and dusky tone .
It was — and still is — a revolutionary record in the way that it influenced dubstep sounds and reinvented 2 - step for an entirely different generation .
From the sublow meditation of " Distant Lights " through to the Eno-esque ambience of " Forgive " and the gorgeously wonky " Broken Home , " every track onstands up firmly on its own , making it an essential listen whether you consider yourself into dubstep or not .
Fever Ray
[ 24 .
Fever Ray Rabid Records , 2009 ]
When Olof Dreijer left Stockholm and moved to Berlin to explore other sonic ventures , fellow Knife member Karin Dreijer - Andersson was left behind , stuck with a home studio and crying baby - induced sleep deprivation .
Bad for her , good for us :
The results of those late night / early morning recording sessions under the Fever Ray moniker somehow engendered the most peculiar - sounding electronic music ever put to tape .
Produced with the help of Van Rivers and The Subliminal Kid ( their collaboration was clearly instrumental in shaping the album ’s idiosyncratic sound ) , Fever Ray is an oeuvre that is both ancient and modern , highly stylistic yet profoundly liturgical , combining ritualistic paganism and hi-fi wizardries , Jungian archetypes and visual ideas from Google Image searches .
- Stéphane Girard
When Olof Dreijer left Stockholm and moved to Berlin to explore other sonic ventures , fellow Knife member Karin Dreijer - Andersson was left behind , stuck with a home studio and crying baby - induced sleep deprivation .
Bad for her , good for us :
The results of those late night / early morning recording sessions under the Fever Ray moniker somehow engendered the most peculiar - sounding electronic music ever put to tape .
Produced with the help of Van Rivers and The Subliminal Kid ( their collaboration was clearly instrumental in shaping the album ’s idiosyncratic sound ) , is an oeuvre that is both ancient and modern , highly stylistic yet profoundly liturgical , combining ritualistic paganism and hi-fi wizardries , Jungian archetypes and visual ideas from Google Image searches .
Sound of Silver
[ 23 . LCD Soundsystem DFA Records , 2007 ]
No one seems to put more pressure on himself than James Murphy , so if expectations were high for Sound of Silver among fans , you can only imagine the crushing weight that Murphy felt .
Murphy 's neurosis was a good thing for all of us , though , because it clearly led to moments of tortured bliss like " New York , I Love You ... " and melancholy anthems like " Someone Great . "
Sound of Silver 's secret weapon , however , were the tracks that everyone forgets .
" Watch the Tapes " and " Time to Get Away " both swing with a funk that should have no place on album like this , and " North American Scum " is likely the funniest self - lacerating anti-American screed put to tape in a decade when patriotism was no laughing matter .
That it sounds like the easiest thing in the world may be the greatest testament to Murphy 's talent of all .
- Todd L. Burns
No one seems to put more pressure on himself than James Murphy , so if expectations were high for Sound of Silver among fans , you can only imagine the crushing weight that Murphy felt .
Murphy 's neurosis was a good thing for all of us , though , because it clearly led to moments of tortured bliss like " New York , I Love You ... " and melancholy anthems like " Someone Great . " 's secret weapon , however , were the tracks that everyone forgets .
" Watch the Tapes " and " Time to Get Away " both swing with a funk that should have no place on album like this , and " North American Scum " is likely the funniest self - lacerating anti-American screed put to tape in a decade when patriotism was no laughing matter .
That it sounds like the easiest thing in the world may be the greatest testament to Murphy 's talent of all .
Cross
[ 22 . Justice Ed Banger Records , 2007 ]
Justice .
What a great name for a group .
Quick , powerful , single - minded .
Just like Gaspard Augé and Xavier de Rosnay 's music on their debut album .
Sure , Cross was more than a little reminiscent of fellow countrymen Daft Punk , but Justice 's tunes had less humor , and were far more brutal in the way that they went about their business .
Everything was distorted , brash , young .
And awesome , in the truest sense of the word .
" Genesis " immediately took your breath away , and the boys did n't allow you to get it back until somewhere around " Tthhee Ppaarrttyy , " before launching into the final salvo of tunes .
It 's a fast ride , but Augé and de Rosnay knew that it had to be .
After all , Justice does n't allow for a whole lot of subtlety .
In this case , though , that was a very good thing .
- Todd L. Burns
Justice .
What a great name for a group .
Quick , powerful , single - minded .
Just like Gaspard Augé and Xavier de Rosnay 's music on their debut album .
Sure , was more than a little reminiscent of fellow countrymen Daft Punk , but Justice 's tunes had less humor , and were far more brutal in the way that they went about their business .
Everything was distorted , brash , young .
And awesome , in the truest sense of the word .
" Genesis " immediately took your breath away , and the boys did n't allow you to get it back until somewhere around " Tthhee Ppaarrttyy , " before launching into the final salvo of tunes .
It 's a fast ride , but Augé and de Rosnay knew that it had to be .
After all , Justice does n't allow for a whole lot of subtlety .
In this case , though , that was a very good thing .
[ 21 . Mylo - Destroy Rock and Roll Breastfed , 2004 ]
There are still so many unanswered questions thrown up by the video to Mylo 's " Destroy Rock & Roll shirts .
And no one knows exactly why a simple voice telling you that a " motherfucker 's going to drop the pressure " makes you want to dance so hard .
What is clear is that the success of Destroy Rock & Roll was immense , an all - encompassing situation which allowed for half of the tracks on the album to be released as singles .
That Mylo has n't returned in a meaningful way since is no surprise .
How do you follow up something this inexplicable ?
- Todd L. Burns
There are still so many unanswered questions thrown up by the video to Mylo's " Drop the Pressure . "
But it 's that same sort of inexplicable quality that also makes the song , and the album it 's contained within , so great .
No one knows why all the doctors are bearingshirts .
And no one knows exactly why a simple voice telling you that a " motherfucker 's going to drop the pressure " makes you want to dance so hard .
What is clear is that the success ofwas immense , an all - encompassing situation which allowed for half of the tracks on the album to be released as singles .
That Mylo has n't returned in a meaningful way since is no surprise .
How do you follow up something this inexplicable ?
20 . Moodymann - Silence in the Secret Garden [ Peacefrog , 2003 ]
Moodymann 's albums in the late '90s and early '00s felt a little bit like The Wire .
Both defied their mediums , stitching together pieces of art that seemed more interested in acting as novels than record or television shows .
Silence in the Secret Garden is a novel without much of a plot , of course .
But that 's also the point : Moodymann stayed true to his name by simply crafting atmospheres and feelings that appear and disappear without rhyme or reason , as subliminal as the rush of words that close " Yesterdays Party Watta Bout It . "
There is no narrative , just scenes .
" Silence in the Secret Garden " reveled in the power of repetition , " Shine " reminded us that vocalizing words is often unneeded when you have " mmm " and " yeah " to see you through .
And it was all held together by one of the most idiosyncratic producers of our time .
- Todd L. Burns
Moodymann 's albums in the late '90s and early '00s felt a little bit like .
Both defied their mediums , stitching together pieces of art that seemed more interested in acting as novels than record or television shows .
is a novel without much of a plot , of course .
But that 's also the point : Moodymann stayed true to his name by simply crafting atmospheres and feelings that appear and disappear without rhyme or reason , as subliminal as the rush of words that close " Yesterdays Party Watta Bout It . "
There is no narrative , just scenes .
" Silence in the Secret Garden " reveled in the power of repetition , " Shine " reminded us that vocalizing words is often unneeded when you have " mmm " and " yeah " to see you through .
And it was all held together by one of the most idiosyncratic producers of our time .
[ 19 .
Hot Chip - The Warning Astralwerks , 2006 ]
You got the sense that in 2006 listeners were ready to embrace Hot Chip .
The path trodden down by LCD Soundsystem earlier in the decade had defrosted dance fans ' attitudes toward guitars wedding electronics , while the star of longstanding electronic outfits such as Basement Jaxx , Underworld and The Chemical Brothers had long since began to fade .
Sounding like a New Order for a new era , The Warning saw the UK outfit grow into the sharp suit they had tailored on their fine , but ultimately lightweight debut , Coming On Strong .
Lead single " Over & Over " epitomized this newfound steely resolve with its searing guitars and tenacious chorus ; " Boy From School " illustrated their capacity to emotionally engage ; and numbers such as " Colours " and " The Warning " played to the light and shade , sweet and sour tones that bled throughout much of the album .
- Ryan Keeling
You got the sense that in 2006 listeners were ready to embrace Hot Chip .
The path trodden down by LCD Soundsystem earlier in the decade had defrosted dance fans ' attitudes toward guitars wedding electronics , while the star of longstanding electronic outfits such as Basement Jaxx , Underworld and The Chemical Brothers had long since began to fade .
Sounding like a New Order for a new era , saw the UK outfit grow into the sharp suit they had tailored on their fine , but ultimately lightweight debut , .
Lead single " Over & Over " epitomized this newfound steely resolve with its searing guitars and tenacious chorus ; " Boy From School " illustrated their capacity to emotionally engage ; and numbers such as " Colours " and " The Warning " played to the light and shade , sweet and sour tones that bled throughout much of the album .
Shedding the Past
[ 18 . Shed Ostgut Ton , 2008 ]
Though Ostgut and Berghain had already established themselves as leaders in contemporary underground techno by the time Shedding the Past hit , only now can we fully appreciate the importance of René Pawlowitz 's debut in defining the aesthetic of one of the world 's most important clubs .
Where Dettmann and Klock had been challenging the old power station 's revellers with the potentials of the new wave dub - techno crossover , Shedding connected the two in a coherent package suitable for consideration off the dance floor , tracing links between ambient electronica and Berlin 's old school .
Over a year after its release , Shedding 's austere landscapes continue to defy their retrospective past and shape the present , maintaining Pawlowitz 's reputation as one of today 's most consistent producers and precedent - setter for the future of True.
Techno .
Music .
- Leigh Dennis
Though Ostgut and Berghain had already established themselves as leaders in contemporary underground techno by the timehit , only now can we fully appreciate the importance of René Pawlowitz 's debut in defining the aesthetic of one of the world 's most important clubs .
Where Dettmann and Klock had been challenging the old power station 's revellers with the potentials of the new wave dub - techno crossover , connected the two in a coherent package suitable for consideration off the dance floor , tracing links between ambient electronica and Berlin 's old school .
Over a year after its release , 's austere landscapes continue to defy their retrospective past and shape the present , maintaining Pawlowitz 's reputation as one of today 's most consistent producers and precedent - setter for the future of True.
Techno .
Music .
[ 17 .
Convextion - Convextion Down Low , 2006 ]
Convextion may lean heavily on the reverberations of Basic Channel and Deepchord , but there 's a critical twist : Emotion .
Moody chords and optimistic melodies conjure the streamlined future visions that you first heard in the gliding lasers on Carl Craig 's Landcruising or the raw poignant hooks of Aphex Twin 's Selected Ambient Works — those overheated golden tones from back in the days when techno music was future music .
Dig the plaintive streaks across " Equanimity " or the sparkling chimes on " Premiata . "
This is cinematic music .
This is Blade Runner and Logan 's Run .
By turns jittery , sedative and jacking , Convextion 's singular long - player plugs the emotional side of electric music into the stern template of dub techno and it's a beautiful , timeless intersection .
Winter neon lights sliding across the hood of a car .
This album sounds exactly like that .
- James Reeves
Convextion may lean heavily on the reverberations of Basic Channel and Deepchord , but there 's a critical twist : Emotion .
Moody chords and optimistic melodies conjure the streamlined future visions that you first heard in the gliding lasers on Carl Craig ' sor the raw poignant hooks of Aphex Twin 's — those overheated golden tones from back in the days when techno music was future music .
Dig the plaintive streaks across " Equanimity " or the sparkling chimes on " Premiata . "
This is cinematic music .
This isand .
By turns jittery , sedative and jacking , Convextion 's singular long - player plugs the emotional side of electric music into the stern template of dub techno and it's a beautiful , timeless intersection .
Winter neon lights sliding across the hood of a car .
This album sounds exactly like that .
[ 16 .
Herbert - Bodily Functions Studio !K7 , 2001 ]
Many of the tracks on Bodily Functions were written according to the Bodily Functions .
Thankfully , we 'll have the results for the rest of time .
- Todd L. Burns
Many of the tracks onwere written according to the rules of PCCOM , Matthew Herbert 's self - imposed regulations for composing music .
( Most notable among them : " The use of sounds that exist already is not allowed . " )
Unlike much of his later work , however , you could hardly tell that was the case .
Herbert 's remarkable collaboration with Dani Siciliano simply sounds like a jazz album with some house flourishes thrown in every so often to ensure that the tempo never drops too low .
Expertly sequenced , it ebbs and flows with highs —
" It 's Only , " " Suddenly , " " Leave Me Now " — and lows — " About This Time Each Day , " " I Miss You , " " I Know " — that give this record a sense of balance that few other electronic music albums can claim .
Rarely has Herbert been this interested in traditional beauty as he is on .
Thankfully , we 'll have the results for the rest of time .
15 . The Other People Place - Lifestyles of the Laptop Café [ Warp Records , 2001 ]
The greatest of the seven album " storms " that aqua - funk legends Drexciya scattered over an array of labels , guises and enigmatic framing concepts , James Stinson 's yearning , house - affected solo album is beset with the mismatch of human intimacy and depersonalized internet culture .
A record — as the cover image suggests — of lush , open sounds and spare , confined interiors , Lifestyles ' purring keyboards and ripe organ chords set a reflective , languid tone , though its splashing rhythms have all the intensity of Drexciya 's earlier , coursing electro .
And there were the vocals — plainspoken and understated , they speak or sing of romance and sunshine , but hint at brooding discontent and even loneliness .
More touching and human than anything we'd then expected from this secretive techno warrior , it made Stinson 's untimely passing a year later all the more heartbreaking .
- Chris Burkhalter
The greatest of the seven album " storms " that aqua - funk legends Drexciya scattered over an array of labels , guises and enigmatic framing concepts , James Stinson 's yearning , house - affected solo album is beset with the mismatch of human intimacy and depersonalized internet culture .
A record — as the cover image suggests — of lush , open sounds and spare , confined interiors , ' purring keyboards and ripe organ chords set a reflective , languid tone , though its splashing rhythms have all the intensity of Drexciya 's earlier , coursing electro .
And there were the vocals — plainspoken and understated , they speak or sing of romance and sunshine , but hint at brooding discontent and even loneliness .
More touching and human than anything we'd then expected from this secretive techno warrior , it made Stinson 's untimely passing a year later all the more heartbreaking .
Hercules & Love Affair [ 14 .
Hercules & Love Affair DFA Records , 2008 ]
The dissonance between Hercules & Love Affair 's first two EPs is remarkable .
The Chicago jack of Classique # 2 / Roar shortly gave way to the melodramatic throwback disco of Andy Butler 's debutante anthem " Blind . "
The subsequent self - titled album not only made " Blind " infinitely more palatable , it effortlessly sealed the gap between the two EPs with an oddly thrilling and unexpectedly familiar - sounding love letter to disco and EDM .
House and disco are inextricably linked to the gay experience , and our modern - day Hercules succeeded in reconciling images of Baccahanalian hedonism with body music and modern day queer culture .
Through this lens , Butler reimagined indie darling Antony Heragty as Sylvester , his vocal muse , and himself as his Arthur Russell or Ron Hardy , flitting between leftfield disco arrangements and expert dance floor alchemy .
- Christine Kakaire
The dissonance between Hercules & Love Affair 's first two EPs is remarkable .
The Chicago jack ofshortly gave way to the melodramatic throwback disco of Andy Butler 's debutante anthem " Blind . "
The subsequent self - titled album not only made " Blind " infinitely more palatable , it effortlessly sealed the gap between the two EPs with an oddly thrilling and unexpectedly familiar - sounding love letter to disco and EDM .
House and disco are inextricably linked to the gay experience , and our modern - day Hercules succeeded in reconciling images of Baccahanalian hedonism with body music and modern day queer culture .
Through this lens , Butler reimagined indie darling Antony Heragty as Sylvester , his vocal muse , and himself as his Arthur Russell or Ron Hardy , flitting between leftfield disco arrangements and expert dance floor alchemy .
[ 13 . Luomo - Vocalcity Force Tracks , 2000 ]
Back at the start of the decade , house music was in pretty uninspired shape .
A handful of German labels , however , were quietly forging an intriguing fusion of instinctive house structures and increasingly experimental sound design .
The most prominent of these microhouse imprints was Force Tracks , and Vocalcity remains by some distance the label 's most enduring full - length release .
While other microhouse producers had been dabbling in rarefied , glitch - heavy experiments , Vladislav Delay 's Luomo alter ego was arguably the first artist to successfully meld next - level production techniques with a rich , emotionally - charged soul .
From the endlessly shifting plains of " Synkro " to the vocal tearjerker " Tessio , " it set the tone for a decade that would see the conservative boundaries of what we once knew as house transformed beyond all recognition .
- Lee Smith
Back at the start of the decade , house music was in pretty uninspired shape .
A handful of German labels , however , were quietly forging an intriguing fusion of instinctive house structures and increasingly experimental sound design .
The most prominent of these microhouse imprints was Force Tracks , andremains by some distance the label 's most enduring full - length release .
While other microhouse producers had been dabbling in rarefied , glitch - heavy experiments , Vladislav Delay 's Luomo alter ego was arguably the first artist to successfully meld next - level production techniques with a rich , emotionally - charged soul .
From the endlessly shifting plains of " Synkro " to the vocal tearjerker " Tessio , " it set the tone for a decade that would see the conservative boundaries of what we once knew as house transformed beyond all recognition .
[ 12 . Akufen - My Way Force Inc , 2002 ]
Like the 2000 - plus micro samples comprising Marc Leclair 's definitive release My Way , microhouse 's threat as a dominant discourse in dance music got clipped short and sweet .
But despite Force Inc. disappearing soon after releasing Akufen 's idiosyncratic debut , the album outlived its contemporaries and become a classic for both the mind and hips .
Using the glitch as a means of teasing the glee out of fleeting everyday audio encounters , My Way 's theoretical strengths paved the way for LeClair to bring subsequent live performances into art galleries as well as clubs .
Because while other conceptual records get forgotten under the weight of their own methods , LeClair 's grounded dedication to a hook - heavy splice and groove made My Way a fervently buoyant listen .
- Leigh Dennis
Like the 2000 - plus micro samples comprising Marc Leclair 's definitive release , microhouse 's threat as a dominant discourse in dance music got clipped short and sweet .
But despite Force Inc. disappearing soon after releasing Akufen 's idiosyncratic debut , the album outlived its contemporaries and become a classic for both the mind and hips .
Using the glitch as a means of teasing the glee out of fleeting everyday audio encounters , 's theoretical strengths paved the way for LeClair to bring subsequent live performances into art galleries as well as clubs .
Because while other conceptual records get forgotten under the weight of their own methods , LeClair 's grounded dedication to a hook - heavy splice and groove madea fervently buoyant listen .
[ 11 . Boards of Canada - Geogaddi Warp Records , 2002 ]
Rarely has an album cover so fittingly embodied an album 's sound as that of Geogaddi .
A bloody , sun-drenched , kaleidoscopic tessellation of a child standing in between two trees , the image imparts inscrutability , whimsy and an ominous sense of danger .
Elementally , Geogaddi does not depart all that radically from its predecessor , Music Has the Right to Children .
But in tone and texture , the album is Music 's stark opposite .
Possessing a uniquely alluring dread , Geogaddi's 23 soundcards form a collage of eroding nostalgia , a singular sonic experience whose reach we have yet to truly witness .
Because though we can pinpoint aural touchstones in its predecessors and followers , we still cannot find an approximation of its consummate purview .
- Tal Rosenberg
Rarely has an album cover so fittingly embodied an album 's sound as that of .
A bloody , sun-drenched , kaleidoscopic tessellation of a child standing in between two trees , the image imparts inscrutability , whimsy and an ominous sense of danger .
Elementally , does not depart all that radically from its predecessor , .
But in tone and texture , the album is 's stark opposite .
Possessing a uniquely alluring dread , 's 23 soundcards form a collage of eroding nostalgia , a singular sonic experience whose reach we have yet to truly witness .
Because though we can pinpoint aural touchstones in its predecessors and followers , we still cannot find an approximation of its consummate purview .
10 . Rhythm & Sound - w/ The Artists [ Burial Mix , 2003 ]
Mark Ernestus and Mortiz von Oswald will probably be best remembered for their mid-'90s run of Basic Channel records , but they sure set the price high on dwelling on the past .
Their subsequent Rhythm & Sound project nestled into slower tempos and thicker atmospheres , drawing deep from a dub muse discernible even at BC 's inception .
For w/ the Artists , the Berlin duo called on some of dub and reggae 's most legendary voices , turning the likes of The Chosen Brothers , Love Joy and Paul St. Hilaire loose over reverb - soaked , organic rhythm tracks that rank among their weightiest ( see the companion Versions disc ) .
The vocalists take to the techno - informed environs like they were born in them , spitting stories proud and wearied , and making this landmark of digital dub sound design a hell of a soulful reggae record to boot .
– Chris Burkhalter
Mark Ernestus and Mortiz von Oswald will probably be best remembered for their mid-'90s run of Basic Channel records , but they sure set the price high on dwelling on the past .
Their subsequent Rhythm & Sound project nestled into slower tempos and thicker atmospheres , drawing deep from a dub muse discernible even at BC 's inception .
For , the Berlin duo called on some of dub and reggae 's most legendary voices , turning the likes of The Chosen Brothers , Love Joy and Paul St. Hilaire loose over reverb - soaked , organic rhythm tracks that rank among their weightiest ( see the companiondisc ) .
The vocalists take to the techno - informed environs like they were born in them , spitting stories proud and wearied , and making this landmark of digital dub sound design a hell of a soulful reggae record to boot .
Silent Shout
[ 09 .
The Knife Rabid Records , 2006 ]
" Angular " does n't sound like it describes music ; when we use it , it 's because someone has made the most heartfelt and companionable artform feel like it could cut you if you touched it .
That the curling alien menace the Knife wield comes from fairly conventional sources just makes it scarier .
In anyone else 's hands " Forest Families " would be moving instead of weirdly threatening ; " One Hit " would express concern about the abuse at its heart instead of leering at you ; " Still Light " would be a ballad instead of something whispering underneath your bed .
And tracks like " Marble House " and " We Share Our Mother 's Health " would be dance tracks instead of stark , taciturn , brilliant edifices .
Whatever the Knife are ultimately up to , the title track puts it best :
On Silent Shout you caught a glimpse , now it haunts you .
– Ian Mathers
" Angular " does n't sound like it describes music ; when we use it , it 's because someone has made the most heartfelt and companionable artform feel like it could cut you if you touched it .
That the curling alien menace the Knife wield comes from fairly conventional sources just makes it scarier .
In anyone else 's hands " Forest Families " would be moving instead of weirdly threatening ; " One Hit " would express concern about the abuse at its heart instead of leering at you ; " Still Light " would be a ballad instead of something whispering underneath your bed .
And tracks like " Marble House " and " We Share Our Mother 's Health " would be dance tracks instead of stark , taciturn , brilliant edifices .
Whatever the Knife are ultimately up to , the title track puts it best :
Onyou caught a glimpse , now it haunts you .
Movements
[ 08 . Booka Shade Get Physical Music , 2006 ]
Bangers .
At the end of the day , it 's really all that you need .
" Night Falls , " " Body Language , " " In White Rooms , " " Mandarine Girl . "
Nearly everything on Movements was primed for the club , ready to be unleashed on crowds via vinyl or Booka Shade themselves during their excellent live show .
The duo made some concessions to the format — making an album version of " Mandarine Girl , for instance — but Movements was largely an exercise in trusting a musical vision .
Booka 's dance floor material was always slightly more musical than most , and the reaction to Movements — a record that brought the group and label more mainstream attention — proved that theirs was a formula that did n't need to be shoehorned to fit some idea of what an album should be .
– Todd L. Burns
Bangers .
At the end of the day , it 's really all that you need .
" Night Falls , " " Body Language , " " In White Rooms , " " Mandarine Girl . "
Nearly everything onwas primed for the club , ready to be unleashed on crowds via vinyl or Booka Shade themselves during their excellent live show .
The duo made some concessions to the format — making an album version of " Mandarine Girl , for instance — butwas largely an exercise in trusting a musical vision .
Booka 's dance floor material was always slightly more musical than most , and the reaction to — a record that brought the group and label more mainstream attention — proved that theirs was a formula that did n't need to be shoehorned to fit some idea of what an album should be .
07 . The Avalanches - Since I Left You [ Modular Recordings , 2001 ]
While long periods of silence following genre - smashing debuts are far from rare in the electronic music world , The Avalanches are the perpetrators of a walk - off that make Portishead look like R. Kelly .
Whether they 're just sitting somewhere in Australia , still stunned , or have simply returned to their home planet , their debut and sole long - player remains as eye - opening and brain - buggering as the day you first heard it .
Most of a decade later , there 's still no easy way to summarize Since I Left You .
Is it an AM radio falling off a cliff or an art - collage gone pop ?
Soundtrack to a prom in Heaven or the devil 's own mixtape ?
Whatever you make of it , you 're diminishing these 60 minutes of blissful miscegenation .
Is it any wonder its ' own creators do n't know what in Hell to do ?
– Mallory O'Donnell
While long periods of silence following genre - smashing debuts are far from rare in the electronic music world , The Avalanches are the perpetrators of a walk - off that make Portishead look like R. Kelly .
Whether they 're just sitting somewhere in Australia , still stunned , or have simply returned to their home planet , their debut and sole long - player remains as eye - opening and brain - buggering as the day you first heard it .
Most of a decade later , there 's still no easy way to summarize .
Is it an AM radio falling off a cliff or an art - collage gone pop ?
Soundtrack to a prom in Heaven or the devil 's own mixtape ?
Whatever you make of it , you 're diminishing these 60 minutes of blissful miscegenation .
Is it any wonder its ' own creators do n't know what in Hell to do ?
06 . Gas - Pop [ Mille Plateaux , 2000 ]
I almost do n't want to write about Pop in isolation , because few experiences in ambient music are as sublime as the transition from the rest of the Nah Und Fern box set to this album .
It 's like stepping off an airplane and away from the high , sweeping view you get from its window into the thick of a jungle , a dense , steaming hiss enveloping your ears while somewhere , in the distance , an orchestra plays ( this is Gas , after all ) .
Here Wolfgang Voigt deploys his mastery of loop - based composition such that some of the tracks feel a bit like perpetual waves of deja vu , a timeless slice of the feeling you get when you 're just coming up , dilated out to what feels like infinity .
It 's actually 66 minutes , but Pop 's excruciating beauty makes you wish it was twice that .
– Ian Mathers
I almost do n't want to write aboutin isolation , because few experiences in ambient music are as sublime as the transition from the rest of thebox set to this album .
It 's like stepping off an airplane and away from the high , sweeping view you get from its window into the thick of a jungle , a dense , steaming hiss enveloping your ears while somewhere , in the distance , an orchestra plays ( this Gas , after all ) .
Here Wolfgang Voigt deploys his mastery of loop - based composition such that some of the tracks feel a bit like perpetual waves of deja vu , a timeless slice of the feeling you get when you 're just coming up , dilated out to what feels like infinity .
It 's actually 66 minutes , but 's excruciating beauty makes you wish it was twice that .
05 . LCD Soundsystem - LCD Soundsystem [ DFA Records , 2005 ]
There was a line of thinking in some quarters that LCD Soundsystem 's eponymous 2005 debut was a questionable representation of the album format ; little more than a collection of distinguished singles .
For the ears of a casual mass market listener ?
Perhaps .
But viewing the record via the prism of a throbbing dance floor , it hardly seemed to matter one iota .
The run of singles that began with 2002's " Losing My Edge " kicked up an anticipative dust cloud for the full LP and cannily made up LCD Soundsystem 's second disc , while the LP proper basked in Murphy 's love for Talking Heads , Can and Suicide , within the loose - ish framework of a disco jam session .
Influences aside , LCD Soundsystem burnt up the rulebook Disco Demolition - style on what a contemporary " dance " band could , and should , sound like .
– Ryan Keeling
There was a line of thinking in some quarters that LCD Soundsystem 's eponymous 2005 debut was a questionable representation of the album format ; little more than a collection of distinguished singles .
For the ears of a casual mass market listener ?
Perhaps .
But viewing the record via the prism of a throbbing dance floor , it hardly seemed to matter one iota .
The run of singles that began with 2002's " Losing My Edge " kicked up an anticipative dust cloud for the full LP and cannily made up LCD Soundsystem 's second disc , while the LP proper basked in Murphy 's love for Talking Heads , Can and Suicide , within the loose - ish framework of a disco jam session .
Influences aside , burnt up the rulebook Disco Demolition - style on what a contemporary " dance " band could , and should , sound like .
[ 04 .
Daft Punk - Discovery Virgin Records , 2001 ]
Thomas Bangalter and Guy - Manuel de Homem - Christo probably did n't set out to create the Sgt. Pepper 's of dance music when they started writing songs for the follow - up to their loudly - lauded Homework .
No , they merely embraced a wild spectrum of post - '60s popular music with the kind of innocent reverence normally reserved for rock 's halcyon heyday , chopped it up with precision sampling technology in obedience to a throbbing 4/ 4 and recycled it into fourteen blurts of heady machine - processed joy .
House - rooted artists before and since have made albums more avant - garde or more populist , but none have combined the two as suavely and effortlessly as Discovery , and no one , ever , has made a simple filtered loop sound so life - affirming , so thrilling as Daft Punk do in the first 47 seconds of " One More Time . "
– Mallory O'Donnell
Thomas Bangalter and Guy - Manuel de Homem - Christo probably did n't set out to create theof dance music when they started writing songs for the follow - up to their loudly - lauded .
No , they merely embraced a wild spectrum of post - '60s popular music with the kind of innocent reverence normally reserved for rock 's halcyon heyday , chopped it up with precision sampling technology in obedience to a throbbing 4/ 4 and recycled it into fourteen blurts of heady machine - processed joy .
House - rooted artists before and since have made albums more avant - garde or more populist , but none have combined the two as suavely and effortlessly as , and no one , ever , has made a simple filtered loop sound so life - affirming , so thrilling as Daft Punk do in the first 47 seconds of " One More Time . "
Untrue [ 03 .
Burial Hyperdub , 2007 ]
If Burial 's self - titled debut was the first dubstep record to really give the UK - bass mutant a somewhat larger foothold elsewhere , then follow up Untrue was the album that led to its first household - name claim ( fine , apartment - name ) .
Often described as " ghostly " or " spectral , " Untrue was , first and foremost , a mastery of sample stitching .
Vocal shards smudge almost every edge of his dark - alley 2 - step , often left to moan below as blurry new haunts take the fore .
The genre 's sharp , machine - room edges suddenly seemed sanded down , touchable ; a notoriously dour , black - and - gray format now infused with both a little color and a bit of spiritualism .
Were it not such a " British " record in terms both of heritage and sonics , one might almost consider Untrue a kind of urban gospel music :
A hymn , almost solemn , in a cracked pavement landscape .
– Derek Miller
If Burial 's self - titled debut was the first dubstep record to really give the UK - bass mutant a somewhat larger foothold elsewhere , then follow upwas the album that led to its first household - name claim ( fine , apartment - name ) .
Often described as " ghostly " or " spectral , " was , first and foremost , a mastery of sample stitching .
Vocal shards smudge almost every edge of his dark - alley 2 - step , often left to moan below as blurry new haunts take the fore .
The genre 's sharp , machine - room edges suddenly seemed sanded down , touchable ; a notoriously dour , black - and - gray format now infused with both a little color and a bit of spiritualism .
Were it not such a " British " record in terms both of heritage and sonics , one might almost considera kind of urban gospel music :
A hymn , almost solemn , in a cracked pavement landscape .
[ 02 . Metro Area - Metro Area Environ Records , 2002 ]
Essentially a modern electronic take on the ' 80s boogie sound of yore , Morgan Geist and Darshan Jesrani 's first and only full - length together is a landmark album in more ways than one .
Largely responsible for the resurgence of the electronic disco sound , this collection of the previous Metro Area 12 - inch singles is still played by DJs from all genres , building nu-jazz DJs a bridge to house and opening a door for techno heads into disco .
The tried - and - tested dance floor anthem " Miura " will be the one that you know inside out , but from the bubbling funk of " Dance Reaction " all the way through to the slinky shuffle of " Caught Up , " the New York duo did n't put a foot wrong .
With its crisp sounds , clinical arrangements and ridiculously funky grooves , Metro Area truly is a timeless album .
– Richard Carnes
Essentially a modern electronic take on the ' 80s boogie sound of yore , Morgan Geist and Darshan Jesrani 's first and only full - length together is a landmark album in more ways than one .
Largely responsible for the resurgence of the electronic disco sound , this collection of the previous Metro Area 12 - inch singles is still played by DJs from all genres , building nu-jazz DJs a bridge to house and opening a door for techno heads into disco .
The tried - and - tested dance floor anthem " Miura " will be the one that you know inside out , but from the bubbling funk of " Dance Reaction " all the way through to the slinky shuffle of " Caught Up , " the New York duo did n't put a foot wrong .
With its crisp sounds , clinical arrangements and ridiculously funky grooves , truly is a timeless album .
One of Australia 's greatest live acts successfully brings their live energy to the album format .
Scott Herren 's debut album helped redefine both instrumental hip - hop and Warp Records .
For most , is where " Ricardo Villalobos " began .
A little known DJ and producer with a few solid tracks to his name in 2003 , there were few indications that there would soon be a 3 x 12 - inch release on Playhouse that would help change the course of electronic music .
After a few years of playing the game as it should be played , however , Villalobos let his freak flag fly in full view on .
It was a revelation in both imagination and scope .
It was a question .
" How out there can we go and still make people dance ? "
And an answer .
" This far ... for now . " " For now " meant that there were ever - so - slight concessions to the masses .
You would never hear the desiccated voice of " Easy Lee " nor would things ever get quite as easy as " Dexter " in a Villalobos track ever again .
But the particular genius ofis that you only realized that things like " Easy Lee " and " Dexter " were anthems after you listened to them for the second , third or 15th time .
It 's a nearly impossible trick , making tracks that kept you dancing but which still give up new secrets each time that you hear them .
Seven years later , we 're still hearing things .
– Todd L. Burns
A lot of people at Gizmodo are psyched about the iPad .
Not me !
My god , am I underwhelmed by it .
It has some absolutely backbreaking failures that will make buying one the last thing I would want to do .
Updated
Advertisement
Big , Ugly Bezel
Have you seen the bezel on this thing ?!
It 's huge !
I know you do n't want to accidentally input a command when your thumb is holding it , but come on .
Advertisement
No Multitasking
This is a backbreaker .
If this is supposed to be a replacement for netbooks , how can it possibly not have multitasking ?
Are you saying I can't listen to Pandora while writing a document ?
I can't have my Twitter app open at the same time as my browser ?
I can't have AIM open at the same time as my email ?
Are you kidding me ?
This alone guarantees that I will not buy this product .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
No Cameras
No front facing camera is one thing .
But no back facing camera either ?
Why the hell not ?
I can't imagine what the downside was for including at least one camera .
Could this thing not handle video iChat ?
Touch Keyboard
So much for Apple revolutionizing tablet inputs ; this is the same big , ugly touchscreen keyboard we 've seen on other tablets , and unless you 're lying on the couch with your knees propping it up , it 'll be awkward to use .
Advertisement
No HDMI Out
Want to watch those nice HD videos you downloaded from iTunes on your TV ?
Too damned bad !
If you were truly loyal , you 'd just buy an AppleTV already .
Advertisement
The Name iPad
Get ready for Maxi pad jokes , and lots of 'em !
Advertisement
No Flash
No Flash is annoying but not a dealbreaker on the iPhone and iPod Touch .
On something that 's supposed to be closer to a netbook or laptop ?
It will leave huge , gaping holes in websites .
I hope you do n't care about streaming video !
God knows not many casual internet users do .
Oh wait , nevermind , they all do .
Adapters , Adapters , Adapters
So much for those smooth lines .
If you want to plug anything into this , such as a digital camera , you need all sorts of ugly adapters .
You need an adapter for USB for god 's sake .
Advertisement
Update :
Why stop at 8 ?
Here are more things we are discovering that suck about the iPad .
Advertisement
It 's Not Widescreen
Widescreen movies look lousy on this thing thanks to its 4:3 screen , according to Blam , who checked out some of Star Trek on one .
It 's like owning a 4:3 TV all over again !
Does n't Support T- Mobile 3G
Sure , it 's " unlocked . "
But it wo n't work on T - Mobile , and it uses microSIMs that literally no one else uses .
Advertisement
A Closed App Ecosystem
The iPad only runs apps from the App Store .
The same App Store that is notorious for banning apps for no real reason , such as Google Voice .
Sure , netbooks might not have touchscreens , but you can install whatever software you 'd like on them .
Want to run a different browser on your iPad ?
Too bad !
Advertisement
[ This post does not necessarily reflect the opinions of others at Gizmodo ]
Apple iPad Review —
Click here for the main story
Apple iPad Review
How and where you 'll use the iPad are of the essence .
Read more
7 SHARES Share Tweet
If you had the choice , would you rather be happy with the things you have or not happy with the things you have ?
Commonsense says most people would choose happiness .
Who likes to suffer ?
Who likes to never feel fulfilled ?
No one .
But as I go throughout my days I notice many people seem to choose pain and misery .
They look for things to be upset about .
They look for ways to feel victimized .
Why ca n’t the simply fact of being alive be enough of a reason to be happy ?
Certainly it is worth more than anything we could have in this world or any other .
I understand life can be a burden at times , but that is not an excuse to live miserably ; even the most dreadful of obligations can be seen as something valuable and good .
Living in happiness does n’t mean only experiencing pleasure and never experiencing pain .
It means being content ; not the dumb and docile kind of “ content , ” but the meaningful and satisfying content .
The content that comes from making the best of every moment .
I do n’t see happiness as something that can be obtained or possessed – it has to be created .
It is a bliss that comes from inside you and pours out like paint onto a canvas .
It ’s flow , a free and spontaneous dance of energy between you and your environment .
It is okay to embrace the irrationality of our existence , especially if it means more joy .
Why not practice smiling and singing for no reason whatsoever , except that it feels good .
Think of how much better life would be if you only added a bit of happiness to it ?
Even just a dose of it here , and a dose of it there can be empowering .
Commonsense says be happy right now but as Voltaire once said , “ commonsense is not so common . ”
That is why I want readers of this article to step back , take a few deep breaths , and re-acquaint themselves with something they have known all along : happiness is here for the taking .
Because happiness comes from within and not from without , it is abundant .
Harvard psychologist Dan Gilbert says we synthesize our own happiness .
As long as you are breathing then there is an opportunity to be happy .
No other conditions are required .
Now — some may find this post too optimistic , others may be offended by the crudeness of my message , but this is something I had to get off my chest .
You wo n’t find happiness out there ; no matter how wealthy you become , no matter how dedicated you are to the pursuit .
The decision is to be made here and now ; and if that is n’t good enough for you then you will always be waiting .
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement :
A Japanese xbox.com website is teasing a collaborative surprise announcement between Microsoft and Capcom come Tuesday , January 26th
SITUS JUDI ONLINE DOMINOQQ BANDARQ TERPERCAYA
Selamat datang di situs judi online dan agen dominoqq terpercaya QBesar .
Sebagai salah satu situs judi terpercaya kami menyediakan berbagai macam permainan dari server terbaik dari PKV Games .
Di sini anda bisa memainkan semua permainan poker terlengkap hanya dengan satu akun saja seperti permainan dominoqq , domino99 , bandarq , poker online , aduq , sakong , capsa susun , bandar66 dan perang baccarat .
Hanya dengan melakukan deposit minimal 15 ribu rupiah anda sudah dapat memainkan semua permainan terbaik tersebut .
Dengan didukung server terbaik situs dominoqq terpercaya qbesar memiliki sistem keamanan yang sangat baik , semua data player terjamin kerahasiannya dan juga kami menjamin pengalaman bermain yang 100 % fairplay tanpa adanya bot atau admin yang bermain .
QBesar juga memberikan kemudahan untuk anda dalam mengakses situs kami , karena situs QBesar dapat anda akses melalui komputer maupun melalui perangkat mobile baik android maupun ios .
Situs Judi Poker Online Terbesar
Situs poker online QBesar sudah terkenal sebagai situs judi terbesar .
Sebagai situs terbesar kami memililki berbagai kemudahan bagi anda dalam melakukan deposit .
QBesar di dukung oleh bank terbesar di Indonesia seperti BCA , BRI , BNI , MANDIRI , DANAMON serta bank bank lokal lainnya .
Selain itu sebagai situs poker terpercaya kami juga menerima deposit menggunakan pulsa yang di dukung oleh Telkomsel dan XL .
Dengan menggunakan deposit via pulsa , memudahkan anda dalam melakukan deposit apabila anda tidak memiliki rekening .
Dan kami juga sekarang memiliki sistem terbaru dimana menerima deposit menggunakan E - Wallet yang di dukung oleh OVO , GOPAY , DANA dan LINKAJA !
Dengan banyaknya cara melakukan deposit , semakin memudahkan anda untuk bermain di QBesar .
Sekarang anda dapat bermain kapan pun dan dimanapun tanpa terkendala proses deposit .
SITUS BANDARQ ONLINE DEPOSIT PULSA
Sebagai situs judi online terbesar dan terpercaya qbesar juga merupakan situs bandarq online deposit pulsa terbaik .
Kami menerima proses deposit pulsa yang didukung oleh Telkomsel dan XL .
Anda hanya perlu melakukan transfer pulsa ke nomor yang sudah kami sediakan , maka anda sudah bisa bermain di situs ini .
Proses deposit anda akan di layani oleh customer service kami 24/7 dengan pelayanan yang profesional dan cepat .
Di situs poker online terpercaya kami selalu menjaga proses deposit dan withdraw paling cepat hanya di bawah 3 menit .
Oleh karena itu anda tidak perlu cemas atau khawatir karena dengan pelayanan terbaik akan membuat pengalaman bermain di situs QBesar akan selalu aman dan cepat .
Berapa pun kemenangan anda baik jutaan atau hingga ratusan juga akan langsung di proses , sehingga uang akan langsung masuk ke ID anda .
QBesar Agen Domino99 Bonus Harian
Semua pemain yang bermain di situs QBesar pastinya kalian akan mendapatkan penawaran serta bonus menarik yang luar biasa tentunnya .
Disini anda akan mendapatkan bonus turnover sebesar 0,5 % dan bonus referral sebesar 20 % .
Bonus turnover merupakan bonus yang dihitung dari jumlah turnover yang anda lakukan setiap harinya ketika bermain , sehingga apabila anda memiliki total turnover sebesar 100 juta rupiah maka bonus yang akan anda dapatkan sebesar 500 ribu rupiah .
Bonus ini akan dibagikan setiap minggunya pada hari senin dan akan dimasukan ke akun anda .
Sehingga semakin besar turnover anda , maka semakin besar pula bonus turnover yang akan anda dapat .
Bonus yang lain yaitu bonus referral .
Bonus ini didapat dengan cara anda mengajak teman anda untuk bergabung dan bermain di agen domino99 terpercaya QBesar .
Anda akan mendapatkan bonus sebesar 10 % yang masuk otomatis ke ID , kemudian bonus 10 % selanjutnya diberikan secara manual setiap minggunya .
Semakin banyak anda mereferensikan situs judi terbaik maka semakin banyak pula bonus yang anda dapat .
Ayo segera daftar rasakan sensasi bermain di situs judi online terpercaya QBesar dan raih kemenangan anda .
Authors : Todd Keister and James J. McAndrews
The buildup of reserves in the U.S. banking system during the financial crisis has fueled concerns that the Federal Reserve ’s policies may have failed to stimulate the flow of credit in the economy : banks , it appears , are amassing funds rather than lending them out .
However , a careful examination of the balance sheet effects of central bank actions shows that the high level of reserves is simply a by - product of the Fed ’s new lending facilities and asset purchase programs .
The total quantity of reserves in the banking system reflects the scale of the Fed ’s policy initiatives , but conveys no information about the initiatives ’ effects on bank lending or on the economy more broadly .
Uh oh .
More Apple tablet - related news ?
It would appear so , as we have just been briefed on what could be a solid Apple / Verizon connection .
One of our connects just told us that Verizon Wireless has a “ kick off ” event in the beginning of every quarter that covers and goes over new things that are in the pipeline like devices , products , services , etc. for store managers .
Except , this kick off is coincidentally on this coming Wednesday , and additionally , we ’ve been informed there will be a “ live webcast ” that everyone attending will be viewing around 1 PM ET .
Use your imaginations and let them run wild in the comments — we ’ll see if this turns out to be related to any sort of Apple product /s pretty soon !
Thanks , Eugene !
As French legislators wrestle with the thorny idea of banning full facial veils in government offices , public hospitals and aboard public trains and buses , it may comfort them to know that the issue is also causing headaches for officials in Egypt , where a partial ban on the niqab — which covers a woman ’s entire face except for her eyes — was overturned last week by a court in Cairo .
A ban on female university students wearing the niqab during examinations , which was imposed by Egypt ’s minister of education in October , was declared unconstitutional by Egypt ’s High Administrative Court last Wednesday , Reuters reported .
According to the court ’s ruling :
Freedom to wear the niqab is guaranteed by human rights and constitutional liberties , and a girl ’s right to dress the way she sees fit in accordance with her beliefs and her social environment is a firm right that can not be violated .
A group of female students had asked the court to reverse a lower court ruling in favor of the government earlier this month .
The lower court had upheld the ban and suggested that allowing students to take exams with their faces concealed made cheating too easy .
After that earlier court ruling , one student told Al Jazeera that since she would not reveal her face to take her exams , the government was preventing her from getting an education .
“ They claim we are the ones who are backward and then they ban us from our education , ” she said .
A lawyer for the students , said the ban had to be overturned because forcing women to reveal their faces “ supports rape and sexual harassment . ”
Reuters pointed out that a number of students at a Cairo university had skirted the ban by wearing surgical masks during exams this month .
As Al Jazeera explained in October , the niqab ban in Egyptian schools was “ aimed at a minority of women , as a vast majority of Egyptian women wear the headscarf only , ” and not the full facial veil .
About The Author Cameron Chapman is a professional Web and graphic designer with over 6 years of experience .
She writes for a number of blogs and is the author of The Smashing … More about Cameron Chapman …
Color Theory for Designers , Part 1 : The Meaning of Color
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
There are few things in design that are more subjective — or more important — than the use of color .
A color that can evoke one reaction in one person may evoke the opposite reaction in another , due to culture , prior association , or even just personal preference .
[ Content Update : August 2017 ]
Color theory is a science and art unto itself , which some build entire careers on , as color consultants or sometimes brand consultants .
Knowing the effects color has on a majority of people is an incredibly valuable expertise that designers can master and offer to their clients .
Understanding Concepts And Color Terminology
To use color effectively in your designs , you ’ll need to know a few color concepts , as well as some color theory terminology .
Read part 2 →
There ’s a lot to it , though .
Something as simple as changing the exact hue or saturation of a color can evoke a completely different feeling .
Cultural differences can compound those effects , with a hue that ’s happy and uplifting in one country becoming depressing in another .
Free 30 - Day Trial The Ultimate Web Designer Toolbox
We have teamed up with Envato to give our readers 30 days of free access to the industry 's biggest subscription - Envato Elements .
The subscription gives unlimited downloads to over 50 Million Assets such as WordPress Themes , Plugins , Photos and UI Kits .
No download limits , and full commercial license .
The first 30 days are on us !
Get started now - cancel anytime .
Download Now
This is the first in a three - part series on color theory .
Here we ’ll discuss the meanings behind the different color families , and give some examples of how these colors are used ( with a bit of analysis for each ) .
In Part 2 we ’ll talk about how hue , chroma , value , saturation , tones , tints and shades affect the way we perceive colors .
And in Part 3 we ’ll discuss how to create effective color palettes for your own designs .
See Also :
Hex Color – The Code Side Of Color
Warm Colors
Warm colors include red , orange , and yellow , and variations of those three colors .
These are the colors of fire , of fall leaves , and of sunsets and sunrises , and are generally energizing , passionate , and positive .
Red and yellow are both primary colors , with orange falling in the middle ( making it a secondary color ) , which means warm colors are all truly warm and are n’t created by combining a warm color with a cool color .
Use warm colors in your designs to reflect passion , happiness , enthusiasm , and energy .
Red ( Primary Color )
Red is a very hot color .
It ’s associated with fire , violence , and warfare .
It ’s also associated with love and passion .
In history , it ’s been associated with both the Devil and Cupid .
Red can actually have a physical effect on people , raising blood pressure and respiration rates .
It ’s been shown to enhance human metabolism , too .
Red can be associated with anger , but is also associated with importance ( think of the red carpet at awards shows and celebrity events ) .
Red also indicates danger ( the reason stop lights and signs are red , and that warning labels are often red ) .
Outside the western world , red has different associations .
For example , in China , red is the color of prosperity and happiness .
It can also be used to attract good luck .
In other eastern cultures , red is worn by brides on their wedding days .
In South Africa , however , red is the color of mourning .
Red is also associated with communism .
Red has become the color associated with AIDS awareness in Africa due to the popularity of the [ RED ] campaign .
In design , red can be a powerful accent color .
It can have an overwhelming effect if it ’s used too much in designs , especially in its purest form .
It ’s a great color to use when power or passion want to be portrayed in the design .
Red can be very versatile , though , with brighter versions being more energetic and darker shades being more powerful and elegant .
Examples
The bright red of the illustration on the homepage of Nacache Design ’s site gives the page a ton of energy and vibrancy .
The bright pinkish red of the background on Ming Lab ’s website is inviting and passionate .
The muted red on the Startup Lab website is energetic without being aggressive .
Bigsound Buzz ’s website uses a monochromatic design of various shades and tones of red , which in this instance gives a poppy , retro vibe .
Build in Amsterdam ’s website uses a vibrant red accent color that draws attention to the middle of the page immediately .
Orange ( Secondary Color )
Orange is a very vibrant and energetic color .
In its muted forms it can be associated with the earth and with autumn .
Because of its association with the changing seasons , orange can represent change and movement in general .
Orange is also strongly associated with creativity .
Because orange is associated with the fruit of the same name , it can be associated with health and vitality .
In designs , orange commands attention without being as overpowering as red .
It ’s often considered more friendly and inviting , and less in - your - face .
Examples
Bitter Renter ’s bright and bold home page takes full advantage of the energy that orange can provide to a design .
We Are Not Sisters ’ dark orange , oversized typography makes an immediate impact .
Christopher Kimball ’s Milk Street ’s subtle use of orange as an accent color shows it can be used in more elegant and conservative designs .
Sbjct mixes a subtle peach color with a dark orange for a more monochromatic design that still has a lot of energy .
Robin De Niro also uses a very light peach background with two shades of orange for the typography , in a much more understated design .
Yellow ( Primary Color )
Yellow is often considered the brightest and most energizing of the warm colors .
It ’s associated with happiness and sunshine .
Yellow can also be associated with deceit and cowardice , though ( calling someone yellow is calling them a coward ) .
Yellow is also associated with hope , as can be seen in some countries when yellow ribbons are displayed by families who have loved ones at war .
Yellow is also associated with danger , though not as strongly as red .
In some countries , yellow has very different connotations .
In Egypt , for example , yellow is for mourning .
In Japan , it represents courage and in India it ’s a color for merchants .
In your designs , bright yellow can lend a sense of happiness and cheerfulness .
Softer yellows are commonly used as a gender - neutral color for babies ( rather than blue or pink ) and young children .
Light yellows also give a more calm feeling of happiness than bright yellows .
Dark yellows and gold - hued yellows can sometimes look antique and be used in designs where a sense of permanence is desired .
Examples
Kettle ’s not - quite - true - yellow is lively and vibrant without being overwhelming .
Deskpass uses a slightly darker yellow , giving it an eye - catching but slightly muted look .
Toyfight uses a bright goldenrod background , but otherwise keeps their design simple and straightforward .
Milano Contract District ’s website is simple and minimalist , with all of the impact of the design coming from the bright yellow background .
Susa Ventures uses a goldenrod hue as an accent color in their typography to great effect .
Cool Colors
Cool colors include green , blue , and purple , are often more subdued than warm colors .
They are the colors of night , of water , of nature , and are usually calming , relaxing , and somewhat reserved .
Blue is the only primary color within the cool spectrum , which means the other colors are created by combining blue with a warm color ( yellow for green and red for purple ) .
Because of this , green takes on some of the attributes of yellow , and purple takes on some of the attributes of red .
Use cool colors in your designs to give a sense of calm or professionalism .
Green ( Secondary Color )
Green is a very down - to - earth color .
It can represent new beginnings and growth .
It also signifies renewal and abundance .
Alternatively , green can also represent envy or jealousy , and a lack of experience .
Green has many of the same calming attributes that blue has , but it also incorporates some of the energy of yellow .
In design , green can have a balancing and harmonizing effect , and is very stable .
It ’s appropriate for designs related to wealth , stability , renewal , and nature .
Brighter greens are more energizing and vibrant , while olive greens are more representative of the natural world .
Dark greens are the most stable and representative of affluence .
Examples
The site for Memory is Our Homeland uses a blue - green hue that ’s energized by the yellow typography without being too bright .
The Rhythm of Food ’s site uses a bright kelly green that ’s ideal for a site that ties together food and information .
Rich , hunter green makes a great accent color on an elegant restaurant website like Le Farfalle Osteria’s .
Anna Rosa Krau ’s website has a soft sage green background , which works almost as a neutral for this portfolio .
HelloMind ’s bright green background is youthful and gives a sense of growth ( in line with their product for improving your brain function ) .
Studio Farquhar ’s lime green accents are punchy and modern , and stand out in their minimalist layout .
Blue ( Primary Color )
Blue is often associated with sadness in the English language .
Blue is also used extensively to represent calmness and responsibility .
Light blues can be refreshing and friendly .
Dark blues are more strong and reliable .
Blue is also associated with peace and has spiritual and religious connotations in many cultures and traditions ( for example , the Virgin Mary is generally depicted wearing blue robes ) .
The meaning of blue is widely affected depending on the exact shade and hue .
In design , the exact shade of blue you select will have a huge impact on how your designs are perceived .
Light blues are often relaxed and calming .
Bright blues can be energizing and refreshing .
Dark blues , like navy , are excellent for corporate sites or designs where strength and reliability are important .
Examples
The bright blue background of the Future of Design Survey results website homepage stands out , and is then used as an accent color throughout the rest of the site .
Versett uses a bright blue as the primary color on their website , along with a number of other bright hues to differentiate different sections .
Deep Mind ’s website uses various shades of blue for its background , giving it a trustworthy , authoritative feel .
Purple ( Secondary Color )
In ancient times , the dyes used for creating purple hues were extracted from snails and were very expensive , so only royals and the very wealthy could afford them .
Purple is a combination of red and blue and takes on some attributes of both .
It ’s associated with creativity and imagination , too .
In Thailand , purple is the color of mourning for widows .
Dark purples are traditionally associated with wealth and royalty , while lighter purples ( like lavender ) are considered more romantic .
In design , dark purples can give a sense wealth and luxury .
Light purples are softer and are associated with spring and romance .
Examples
The first project in Filippo Bello ’s portfolio uses a purple color scheme that adds to the sense of creativity .
The site for the One Shared House documentary uses a vibrant shade of purple and hot pink accents to give a sense of energy , creativity , and imagination .
On Content Stack , reddish purple works great as an accent color against a neutral background , and draws attention to important page elements , like buttons .
Purple is the perfect hue for a creative endeavor like KIKK Festival 2016 .
Neutrals
Neutral colors often serve as the backdrop in design .
They ’re commonly combined with brighter accent colors .
But they can also be used on their own in designs , and can create very sophisticated layouts .
The meanings and impressions of neutral colors are much more affected by the colors that surround them than are warm and cool colors .
Black
Black is the strongest of the neutral colors .
On the positive side , it ’s commonly associated with power , elegance , and formality .
On the negative side , it can be associated with evil , death , and mystery .
Black is the traditional color of mourning in many Western countries .
It ’s also associated with rebellion in some cultures , and is associated with Halloween and the occult .
Black , when used as more than an accent or for text , is commonly used in edgier designs , as well as in very elegant designs .
It can be either conservative or modern , traditional or unconventional , depending on the colors it ’s combined with .
In design , black is commonly used for typography and other functional parts , because of its neutrality .
Black can make it easier to convey a sense of sophistication and mystery in a design .
Examples
The faded black ( technically dark gray , but close enough to black that it makes sense to classify it as such ) of the DUA website works beautifully in such a minimalist design .
Anonymous Hamburger Society ’s black background is a perfect canvas for the amazing food photos on the site .
Many of the images on Timothy Saccenti ’s portfolio are dominated by black , which is also the color of the transparent menu , giving the entire site an edgy , modern feel .
Minimal design with black used as an accent color gives
Heco ’s site a super modern feeling .
The black hue used here along with the animation gives it an edgy , almost creepy feel .
White
White is at the opposite end of the spectrum from black , but like black , it can work well with just about any other color .
White is often associated with purity , cleanliness , and virtue .
In the West , white is commonly worn by brides on their wedding day .
It ’s also associated with the healthcare industry , especially with doctors , nurses and dentists .
White is associated with goodness , and angels are often depicted in white .
In much of the East , however , white is associated with death and mourning .
In India , it is traditionally the only color widows are allowed to wear .
In design , white is generally considered a neutral backdrop that lets other colors in a design have a larger voice .
It can help to convey cleanliness and simplicity , though , and is popular in minimalist designs .
White in designs can also portray either winter or summer , depending on the other design motifs and colors that surround it .
Examples
Black &
Wood uses white as both a background and an accent color ( in their typography , for example ) , giving the site a very clean feel .
The mostly white background of Nuno Coelho Santos ’s website contributes to the modern aesthetic .
Skylark ’s website uses white typography to lend the site a cleaner feeling without going minimalist in the design itself .
Spent uses white typography to lend a modern yet soft look to the site .
Dwell uses white as an accent color on their splash page , a very unique but effective choice for something that includes a CTA .
Gray
Gray is a neutral color , generally considered on the cool end of the color spectrum .
It can sometimes be considered moody or depressing .
Light grays can be used in place of white in some designs , and dark grays can be used in place of black .
Gray is generally conservative and formal , but can also be modern .
It is sometimes considered a color of mourning .
It ’s commonly used in corporate designs , where formality and professionalism are key .
It can be a very sophisticated color .
Pure grays are shades of black , though other grays may have blue or brown hues mixed in .
In design , gray backgrounds are very common , as is gray typography .
Examples
The Round website is very modern , with various shades of gray used to delineate different sections of the site .
The gray background on the For Office Use Only website is so subtle it almost appears white , and gives the site a very modern feel .
Gray takes on a sophisticated yet down - to - earth feeling on the Shinola website .
Gray is a perfect background color for a portfolio of illustrations .
Brown
Brown is associated with the earth , wood , and stone .
It ’s a completely natural color and a warm neutral .
Brown can be associated with dependability and reliability , with steadfastness , and with earthiness .
It can also be considered dull .
In design , brown is commonly used as a background color .
It ’s also seen in wood textures and sometimes in stone textures .
It helps bring a feeling of warmth and wholesomeness to designs .
It ’s sometimes used in its darkest forms as a replacement for black , either in backgrounds or typography .
Examples
Trefecta uses warm brown as an accent color for buttons and CTAs , an unexpected choice given the modernity of the rest of the design .
The cream background and brown typography of Yasuhiro Yokota ’s portfolio site is warm and earthy , while still serving as just a good a backdrop for design work as shades of gray .
Off & On Barber Shop uses various brown elements for the bulk of their site , giving it an old - fashioned feeling .
Umbert Cessari ’s website uses various shades of brown for accent colors throughout , giving it an earthy appeal .
Green Rebel ’s website uses brown for much of their typography and graphics throughout , as well as in some of the textures , lending an organic feel .
Beige and Tan
Beige is somewhat unique in the color spectrum , as it can take on cool or warm tones depending on the colors surrounding it .
It has the warmth of brown and the coolness of white , and , like brown , is sometimes seen as dull .
It ’s a conservative color in most instances , and is usually reserved for backgrounds .
It can also symbolize piety .
Beige in design is generally used in backgrounds , and is commonly seen in backgrounds with a paper texture .
It will take on the characteristics of colors around it , meaning it has little effect in itself on the final impression a design gives when used with other colors .
Examples
People Map ’s website uses a more gold shade of tan , giving the site an upscale feel , especially when combined with the site ’s typography .
Plane Site ’s warm tan background color feels modern without feeling minimalist .
La Pierre Qui Tourne ’s website uses a variety of shades of tan for their primary color palette , alongside some great brights for a very fun feeling design .
The Mile Inn site combines modern typography with a beige and black color palette for a site that feels retro and hip .
The tan accent color used on this site is entirely unexpected and gives it a Mid-Century Modern look .
Cream and Ivory
Ivory and cream are sophisticated colors , with some of the warmth of brown and a lot of the coolness of white .
They ’re generally quiet , and can often evoke a sense of history .
Ivory is a calm color , with some of the pureness associated with white , though it ’s a bit warmer .
In design , ivory can lend a sense of elegance and calm to a site .
When combined with earthy colors like peach or brown , it can take on an earthy quality .
It can also be used to lighten darker colors , without the stark contrast of using white .
Examples
The barely - there ivory background of Stefanie Bruckler ’s portfolio site is a welcome change of pace from the typical neutral gray , giving it a timeless look .
Rich cream feels like a very modern and even edgy accent color when used with a black background .
Cream is an unexpected background color choice for a website focusing on those in the tech industry , but gives it a warm , human touch .
Considering how odd the film
The Lobster is , their use of a pale off - white background for the website is an unexpectedly subdued choice that feels very modern .
Sweet Magnolia Gelato ’s rich cream background is a perfect neutral for a warm and inviting design .
In Brief …
While the information contained here might seem just a bit overwhelming , color theory is as much about the feeling a particular shade evokes than anything else .
But here ’s a quick reference guide for the common meanings of the colors discussed above :
Red : Passion , Love , Anger
Passion , Love , Anger Orange : Energy , Happiness , Vitality
Energy , Happiness , Vitality Yellow : Happiness , Hope , Deceit
Happiness , Hope , Deceit Green : New Beginnings , Abundance , Nature
New Beginnings , Abundance , Nature Blue : Calm , Responsible , Sadness
Calm , Responsible , Sadness Purple : Creativity , Royalty , Wealth
Creativity , Royalty , Wealth Black : Mystery , Elegance , Evil
Mystery , Elegance , Evil Gray : Moody , Conservative , Formality
Moody , Conservative , Formality White : Purity , Cleanliness , Virtue
Purity , Cleanliness , Virtue Brown : Nature , Wholesomeness , Dependability
Nature , Wholesomeness , Dependability Tan or Beige : Conservative , Piety , Dull
Conservative , Piety , Dull Cream or Ivory : Calm , Elegant , Purity
Further Resources
The Whole Series
A 2009 spending spree has left the Republican National Committee ( RNC ) with its worst election - year cash flow this decade .
The largest GOP party committee has $ 8.7 million in the bank heading into an election year with 37 governors ’ races , a dozen major Senate contests , dozens more in the House and an all - important redistricting cycle on the horizon .
ADVERTISEMENT
Said one RNC official : “ It is very troubling , and the thing is , most people do n’t understand this .
But it is really troubling . ”
The RNC had $ 22.8 million in cash and no debt when Michael Steele was elected chairman at the end of January , but has since seen its cash on hand drop to less than $ 9 million at the end of November .
Over the previous five months , while governors ’ battles were being waged in New Jersey and Virginia , the committee saw its cash reserves drop by a full $ 15 million .
Through November , the committee spent more than $ 90 million last year , which is nearly $ 20 million more than the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) .
“ They ’re spending money at 2002 levels when they are not raising money at those levels , ” said a GOP operative .
“ That kind of thing worked when RNC was awash in money , but you ca n’t do that in this environment . ”
Off - years like 2009 are generally a time for committees to get their financial house in order .
They work to retire any debt left from the last election cycle and then build a war chest in preparation for the even - year election .
The RNC , though , made huge investments in New Jersey and Virginia , betting on the momentum created by those gubernatorial races to spur more giving .
Both were big GOP wins , but the question for many in the party is whether they were worth such a dent in the party ’s coffers .
And even subtracting the $ 13 million spent in those races — $ 9 million in Virginia and $ 4 million in New Jersey — the committee has just about broken even since Steele took over .
The Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) lost both races , but saw its cash on hand climb to a debt - free $ 13 million .
That ’s not a whole lot better than the RNC , but the DNC began the year in much worse fiscal shape , with $ 5.6 million in cash and $ 5 million in debt .
RNC spokeswoman Gail Gitcho noted that Republicans had taken just one governorship or Senate seat from Democrats in the last four years before the wins in New Jersey and Virginia .
“ The fact that the RNC committed a large amount of resources and staff in 2009 did yield a significant dividend , ” Gitcho said .
“ The goal of the RNC is to raise money and win elections .
We had a strong fundraising performance last year , but have an even more aggressive approach for the 2010 midterms . ”
After each of the last two midterm off - years , the RNC had more than $ 30 million in the bank .
In 2005 , it raised $ 19 million more than it spent , and in 2001 , it raised $ 10 million more than it spent .
ADVERTISEMENT
The situation is particularly troubling for the cash - strapped National Republican Congressional Committee ( NRCC ) , which had just $ 4.3 million in cash and $ 2 million in debt at the end of November .
The committee , which is targeting upwards of 40 Democratic districts , could use the national party ’s help in a big way .
Critics of the Steele - run RNC say a freewheeling style and reliance on outside consultants has hurt the committee ’s bottom line .
“ It ’s problematic , to be sure , ” said conservative commentator Matt Lewis .
“ They should be riding high , but I think conservatives have decided it ’s better to donate to groups like the Club for Growth — or to the candidates themselves . ”
While the RNC continues to spend heavily on consultants and outside help — about half of the $ 90 million it spent between January and November — the DNC has moved much of its operation indoors .
The RNC has spent about twice as much as the DNC on consultants this cycle , according to a review of Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) data .
About $ 35 million of the $ 90 million spent by the RNC has gone to direct mail and telemarketing — its trademark methods of rounding up donors .
The DNC has spent about $ 11 million on those two things , but has raised nearly as much as the RNC .
One former RNC member pointed out that the Republican Governors Association ( RGA ) ended the year with $ 25 million in the bank — suggesting more of the onus could have been on that organization .
“ He ’s got a lot of money to raise , ” the member said of Steele .
“ Does that mean you ca n’t get there ?
No .
But major donors are going to have to kick in , and he ’s going to need to get a lot of new donors by prospecting . ”
Steele has endured a series of questions about the committee ’s finances and his stewardship .
The committee spent heavily on a new website , and Steele has drawn heat for renovating his office , awarding high salaries for close associates and accepting speaking fees .
Earlier this year , a group of RNC officials headed by Treasurer Randy Pullen presented Steele with a resolution asking for more checks and balances on his ability to award contracts and spend money .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration recently announced that , from 2000 to 2008 , airline flight delays took more from America 's pocketbook than the combined cost of every hurricane in the country .
Thanks , air travel .
We love you , too .
Advertisement
Here at Jalopnik , our aviation roots run deep .
This writer is the son of a pair of flight geeks , one of whom was once an airframe / powerplant mechanic and a professional pilot , and almost everyone on staff loves aviation .
Nevertheless , most of us hate commercial air travel with a passion .
Now we have one more reason .
At the American Meteorological Society 's annual meeting this week , the NOAA 's Aviation Weather Center announced that , from 2000 to 2008 , hurricane damage cost the United States an estimated $ 131 billion .
To put that in perspective , a recent study by Congress suggested that domestic air traffic delays in 2007 alone cost the United States as much as $ 41 billion .
Most analysts believe that Congress 's number is an overestimate , and that the actual suck on the American economy is much lower .
Still , you 'd have to chop an awful lot off of $ 41 billion to make up the difference .
Advertisement
Good news , everyone !
Massive meteorological destruction is cheaper than trying to get somewhere by plane !
Screw flying home for the holidays — we 're just going to start seeding the clouds over the Atlantic .
It 's better for America .
( Photo Credit : NASA )
[ Wired ]
It is good to arrive home after a busy afternoon , to relax and share your adventures with your family , practice your guitar , or read a book .
However different the world is in the year 2010 , some things will stay just the same as they are today .
Note : However different the world is in the year 2010 , some thing will stay just the same as they are today .
It ’s true .
That ’s the end of the content of the book .
A few last pages before the end , but this is the end of Geoffrey Hoyle ’s amazing tale of the future we all now live in .
I have found Geoffrey Hoyle !
I was able to track him down through an e-mail address at a site dedicated to his father ’s work .
How does he feel our 2010 compares to < i>his </i> 2010 ?
I hope we get to find out .
( CNN ) -- China 's Li Na took down the No. 4 seed Caroline Wozniacki at the Australian Open on Monday in Melbourne , following compatriot Zheng Jie into the quarterfinals -- the first time Chinese women have made it this far in the season 's first Grand Slam .
Though Li , the No. 16 seed , had 34 unforced errors compared to Wozniacki's 22 , she also nailed 21 winners against three for her opponent .
She also made 70 percent of her break point conversions as opposed to 42 percent by Wozniacki .
" Against her , you need to just play on your highest level the whole match through and keep concentrated and keep a lot of balls in play , " Wozniacki told australianopen.com .
Of the original top five women 's seeds , only No. 1 Serena Williams is still in competition .
Her sister , the No. 6 seed Venus , fought off a challenge on Monday from Italy 's Francesca Schiavone ( 17 ) to advance , 6 - 3 , 6 - 2 , 6 - 1 .
Schiavone hit five aces compared to none for Williams , but she also made more unforced errors -- 32 -- as opposed to 29 for her opponent .
" She played really well in the first set .
I have to give her credit .
She just played really aggressively .
You know , she was making her shots , doing everything she needed to do to win the match , " Williams told australianopen.com .
" But , you know , obviously it takes a lot to close out a match , especially on an important match like that one .
I was able just to get some footing back in and start to execute the way I wanted to . "
Williams will face Li Na -- whom she lost to in the Beijing Olympics in 2008 .
" She 's a very good player , " Wiliams told the Web site .
" Obviously to beat Wozniacki , you have to play very well consistently .
I 'm sure she did that .
Probably will try to do that in the next round . "
Others in the quarterfinals include former world number one Justine Henin , Maria Kirilenko and Nadia Petrova .
Zheng Jie on Sunday became the first Chinese player to make the last eight of the Australian Open by beating Ukraine 's Alona Bondarenko 7 - 6 6 - 4 .
She next faces the unseeded Kirilenko , who put out former champion Maria Sharapova in the first round .
Columnist Tom Shales has roasted Brit Hume 's altar call to Tiger Woods and now Michael Gerson , former speech writer for George Bush and now a commentator himself , tackles Shales .
Gerson sees Shales as :
... an example of those who want to ban all religious discourse from the public sphere .
The American idea of religious liberty does not forbid proselytization ; it presupposes it .
Free , autonomous individuals not only have the right to hold whatever beliefs they wish , they have a right to change those beliefs , and to persuade others to change as well .
Just as there is no political liberty without the right to change one 's convictions and publicly argue for them , there is no religious liberty without the possibility of conversion and persuasion .
In Shales ' worship of secularism , Gerson writes , Shales " distributes the sacrament of the sneer . "
( Whatever you think of Gerson 's idea , come on , you have to admire that line ! )
Elizabeth Scalia , who blogs as The Anchoress , for conservative Catholic journal First Things , wrote this week that Hume had the right message but the " wrong venue . "
True religious persuasion may be best accomplished in private relationships .
Perhaps the Scientology spokesman Tom Davis caught the essence of the dueling - Gods scene in a post that had nothing to do with Tiger Woods or Brit Hume .
Southern Baptists were upset about Scientology outreach in Nashville but Davis said , straight and simple : " We 're a religion .
We proselytize . "
Leave it to Rabbi David Wolpe , in his weekly " Off the Pulpit " message from Sinai Temple in Los Angeles , steps back to look at the larger picture , at why people might feel the need to claim the superiority of their faith to others they think need a rescue line .
His comment is addressed to everyone eager to condemn ( or preach to ) the golfer or the politician who goes astray , to condemn even as we toss out our religious -- or secular -- remedies as life preservers .
Wolpe writes :
Society cannot exist without judgment .
Religions judge good and bad .
But there is an unseemly glee in our world that says less about the actions of those rebuked than it does about the insecurities of the ones who condemn .
Have you ever tried to change someone else 's religious views ?
How ?
VoxForge is an open speech dataset that was set up to collect transcribed speech for use with Free and Open Source Speech Recognition Engines ( on Linux , Windows and Mac ) .
We will make available all submitted audio files under the GPL license , and then ' compile ' them into acoustic models for use with Open Source speech recognition engines such as CMU Sphinx , ISIP , Julius ( github ) and HTK ( note : HTK has distribution restrictions ) .
Why Do We Need Free GPL Speech Audio ?
Most acoustic models used by ' Open Source ' speech recognition ( or Speech - to - Text ) engines are closed source .
They do not give you access to the speech audio and transcriptions ( i.e. the speech corpus ) used to create the acoustic model .
The reason for this is that Free and Open Source ( ' FOSS ' ) projects are required to purchase large speech corpora with restrictive licensing .
Although there are a few instances of small FOSS speech corpora that could be used to create acoustic models , the vast majority of corpora ( especially large corpora best suited to building good acoustic models ) must be purchased under restrictive licenses .
How Can You Help ?
Record yourself reading some text and upload your recordings to VoxForge .
Other Options .
Harry Schumacher of Beer Biz Daily is sounding the alarms in a big way , reporting that a recent court decision in Massachusetts could have grave implications for craft breweries in certain states .
Massachusetts , among others , have laws that favor small breweries in giving tax breaks , etc. that big breweries do n’t get because of their size .
A court in Massachusetts recently ( indirectly ) deemed that unconstitutional and Schumacher fears that this legislation could be used in upcoming court cases elsewhere .
He summarizes :
“ This is a big deal , folks .
There are small brewer tax provisions in many states , including AK , IA , KY , MI , MN , MT , NM , OH , NY , PA , TX , RI , WI , according to the Beer Institute ’s Brewers ’ Almanac .
Also , there are about ten states which allow self - distribution based on volume caps , according to the Brewers ’ Association . ”
NBWA released this statement in mid-January :
“ This opinion will put at risk laws designed to encourage the development of small brewers , small vintners and small distillers as well as those designed to ensure that alcohol is effectively regulated . ”
As far as I know , the Brewers Association has not come out with a statement on this yet .
The association released its monthly legal briefing ( which all brewers should be checking out each month ) after the Massachusetts opinion so they do n’t seem nearly as concerned as Schumacher and NBWA do .
On a side note , in that legal briefing . . . the TTB plans to decide on whether nutrition labels will be mandatory for alcohol labels this year .
That will surely be a huge news story later in the year .
— — — — — — — — —— ——
–
Photo credit :
ANN Widdecombe has said new laws over gay people are threatening free speech for the first time in modern history .
The Conservative MP for Maidstone told a debate at a Bournemouth church that Christians now face prosecution if they do not comply with some legislation .
The 62 - year - old was the star speaker for Saturday ’s debate on Christianity in Public Life at St Andrew ’s Bournemouth United Reformed Church in Bournemouth town centre .
She said if a Christian printer refused to print leaflets for a gay pride march they would be committing a criminal offence .
“ For the first time in this country we are being obliged as citizens to do things which are against our conscience , ” she said .
“ The other thing is that you can now have the police on your doorstep , but not for something that you have done , but for the views that you have expressed . ”
She said a Christian couple was questioned by police after they asked to leave Christian literature in a council register office used for civil partnership ceremonies .
“ We have now blurred the line completely between stirring up hatred and stirring up violence and merely expressing an opinion , ” said Ms Widdecombe .
She added the risks Christians face over these laws are still “ quite cushy ” compared to the way Christians were treated in earlier times when they were crucified or burned at the stake .
She made the comments during the question and answer session following her 30 - minute talk .
The Obama administration announced Tuesday it supports loosening international copyright protections to enable cross - border distribution of special - format reading materials for the blind , a move that puts it at odds with nearly all of U.S. industry .
The government announced its support for the underlying principle of the WIPO Treaty for Sharing Accessible Formats of Copyrighted Works for Persons Who are Blind or Have other Reading Disabilities .
The announcement was made in Geneva ( .pdf ) before a subcommittee of the the World Intellectual Property Organization , which has about 180 members .
The move comes as a broad spectrum of American enterprise , ranging from major software makers and book publishers to motion picture and music companies , have opposed the proposed international treaty that would make books more accessible to the blind .
The chief complaint is that the treaty creates a bad precedent by loosening copyright restrictions , instead of tightening them as have every other international copyright treaty .
" We recognize that some in the international copyright community believe that any international consensus on substantive limitations and exceptions to copyright law would weaken international copyright law , " Justin Hughes , a Department of Commerce senior adviser , told the WIPO on Tuesday .
" The United States does not share that point of view . "
But the administration was careful Tuesday not to alienate U.S. industry even as it supported the blind and visually impaired .
For example , Hughes acknowledged that the government was willing to strengthen international copyright laws in other regards .
" The United States is committed to both better exceptions in copyright law and better enforcement of copyright law , " Hughes said .
" Indeed , as we work with countries to establish consensus on proper , basic exceptions within copyright law , we will ask countries to work with us to improve the enforcement of copyright .
This is part and parcel of a balanced international system of intellectual property . "
Toward that end , the United States is one of the lead negotiators of a proposed international accord that the European Union suggested was too friendly to business .
A leaked EU document connected to the Anti-Counterfeiting and Trade Agreement suggested that the Obama administration 's " overriding objective " is to " facilitate the continued development of industry . "
The documents suggest the United States might want ISPs around the world to punish suspected , repeat downloaders with a system of " graduated response " — code for a three - strikes policy that results in digital copyright offenders eventually being disconnected from the internet , with the ISP alone deciding what constitutes infringement and fair use .
Regarding the treaty for the blind , the proposal would sanction the cross - border sharing of DRM - protected digitized books – without payment to the publisher – that tens of thousands of blind and visually disabled people read with devices and tools like the Pac Mate , Book Port and Victor Reader .
Many WIPO nations , most in the industrialized world including England , the United States and Canada , have copyright exemptions that usually allow nonprofit companies to market copyrighted works without permission .
As it now stands , none of the nations may allow persons outside their borders to access these works , which are usually doled out for little or no charge by nonprofit groups .
The treaty seeks to free up the cross - border sharing of the books for the blind .
Usually , they are published in a universal Daisy format , which includes features like narration and digitized Braille .
It could take a year or more before an international consensus might be reached .
See Also :
Hello , my firends ~
Here is my new personal illustration have done over 2009 year .
( A series of Chinese myth Charaaters )
I really hope you like ,
^_^
The description for AEE 's Saturday morning main stage offering was simple , yet compelling : Sex Robot Unveiling .
Yes , on the third day of the show , we were invited to watch history in the making , and meet Roxxxy TrueCompanion .
Granted , we 'd already seen her sitting on the couch in the TrueCompanion booth — we'd even talked to her creator and learned a bit about her ins and outs ( so to speak ) .
But Saturday was the day we got to see her switched on , and actually get a glimpse at what this robot could do .
A disclaimer : the exhibitors were very emphatic about the fact that the Roxxy we saw last weekend was a prototype , and that future versions would be more advanced .
At this stage , the A.I. component had been the priority ; in later iterations , fancy shmancy things like the ability to move would , presumably , be added in .
And it was the A.I. we were most interested in .
During our discussion with Greg Hines , a former employee of Bell Labs and the creator of Roxxxy ( and her absent brother Rocky ) , we 'd learned that our girl could be programmed with one of five personalities : Wild Wendy , who 's up for anything ; Frigid Farrah , who 's not ; S&M Susan , who likes pain with her pleasure ( and will eventually have the ability to use a safe word ) ; Mature Martha , who 's got experience under her belt ; and Young , the girl so barely legal she did n't even have time to think up a catchy , alliterative name .
Of course , if you 're left cold by these five preset personalities , it 's possible to create a custom one — and ( and this is the exciting part ) to trade personalities with other TrueCompanion users through the site 's forums .
As Hines reminded us repeatedly , it 's just like wife swapping ... only without the messiness that comes with swapping human wives .
Back to the unveiling , though : it was the personality that we were there to see .
During our discussion , Hines had told us that Roxxxy had the ability to have a conversation .
Like chess ?
She 'll learn about it and discuss it with you .
Like something else ?
Yeah , she 'll learn about that , too .
With bated breath , we waited , hoping that we'd get to see a true display of Roxxxy 's ( artificial ) intelligence .
Alas , it was not to be : the most we heard out of Roxxxy were saucy come-ons , uttered when Hines placed his hands upon her .
" I know a place you could put that hand , " she purred as his hand grazed her fingers .
Different sensors activated different responses — but still , we were left , not with the impression of Gigolo Joe 's ancestor , but more a sexier ( and , true , more advanced ) Teddy Ruxpin .
At heart , Roxxxy is really an enhanced , mildly interactive Real Doll — albeit one who 's a bit clunkier , and not quite as attractive .
Then again , at a price point of $ 7 k - 9 k ( and an optional , nominal subscription package that gives access to software updates ) , perhaps that 's all we can expect .
No doubt , Roxxxy will fulfill a very important purpose for some lonely souls ; and with time ( and interest ) , she will progress closer to our image of a true robotic companion .
Hopefully her makers will figure out how to put some life into her face in the process : with those cold dead eyes , she 's left us stranded in the Uncanny Valley .
· TrueCompanion ( truecompanion.com )
Tagged in : avn2010 , clips , gizmodo , io9 , jezebel , robots , roxxxytruecompanion , sextoys , straight , the future , video ,
Bicycle Design
has been moved to new address
http://http://bicycledesign.net
Sorry for inconvenience ...
Up until recently , Atari has been having a tough go of things .
Between devastating financial losses and corporate restructuring , it was a bit of a wonder to see the company handle 2009 as well as it did , publishing some great games like The Chronicles of Riddick : Dark Athena , Ghostbusters , and Champions Online .
It looks like Atari may have jumped out of the pot and into a seething cauldron , however , as it is facing a couple of substantial lawsuits related to how it recently handled the Dungeons & Dragons license it holds , and how it treated some of the associated parties .
The biggest — and possibly most damaging — suit facing Atari was filed last week by Hasbro , the noted toy and board game company which happens to own tabletop game publisher Wizards of the Coast .
Back in May , Namco Bandai bought a 34 percent stake in Atari Europe , and Namco Bandai also purchased Infogrames ' interest in Distribution Partners this past July .
If Hasbro 's claims are to be believed , Atari apparently violated its licensing agreement with Hasbro when it sold Atari Europe , and it also misled Hasbro about the deal .
According to the lawsuit , " Namco Bandai , which has been supporting Dungeons & Dragons through its marketing website and customer support functions in these countries , obtained Hasbro ' s confidential information about Dungeons & Dragons from Atari , and held itself out as a publisher of Dungeons & Dragons digital games previously published by Atari .
Atari sold at least four of its subsidiaries actively engaged in Dungeons & Dragons licensed activities to Namco Bandai .
Yet Atari has steadfastly denied any relationship between itself and Namco Bandai with respect to Dungeons & Dragons .
" Despite Hasbro 's repeated questions about how its property was being managed in these countries , if Namco Bandai was not managing it , Atari has continuously refused to answer in any meaningful way .
" Hasbro can no longer trust its brand in the hands of Atari , and brings this action to confirm its right to terminate Atari 's license to Dungeons & Dragons . "
Not the first accusation of Chaotic Evil behavior
Strangely enough , this is the second time in recent memory that Atari has been sued over cheating a partner in the Dungeons & Dragons games .
In August , Turbine Inc. ( developer of Dungeons & Dragons Online filed suit against Atari , claiming that Atari signed a licensing deal that it had allegedly had no plan to honor .
According to the suit , Atari acted " unreasonably " with its efforts to promote and distribute Dungeons & Dragons Online : Stormreach , as well as failing to allocate proper resources to Turbine necessary to run the game .
Turbine also accuses Atari of accepting payments ( including future royalties ) in order to extend the publishing relationship between the two companies and launch Dungeons & Dragons Online : Unlimited even though Atari knew that it would n't fulfill its contractual obligations to Turbine .
On top of this , Turbine claims Atari has continuously sought to declare the developer as being in breach of its contracts with Atari .
While it is n't anything concrete , the fact that two lawsuits have been filed close together accusing Atari of similar behavior is certainly enough to raise suspicions .
Atari , of course , has been quick to deny these latest allegations .
" Atari has had a long and rich history with the Dungeons and Dragons franchise , investing millions of dollars into numerous critically acclaimed and commercially successful games that have generated significant revenue for Hasbro , " Atari said in a statement .
" Hasbro has resorted to these meritless allegations , in an apparent attempt to unfairly take back rights granted to Atari .
Atari has sought to resolve the matter without cooperation from Hasbro .
We regret that our longtime partner has decided to pursue this action . "
An ignoble treatment of a great franchise
While it 's true that Atari has released a number of Dungeons & Dragons titles over the past few years , most of those have been tied to the Neverwinter Nights franchise initially established by Bioware .
The few games outside of the Neverwinter Nights series have n't exactly been amazing , barring Dungeons & Dragons Online .
Dungeons & Dragons : Heroes was a bland Gauntlet clone .
Demon Stone had a reasonable story , but it lacked innovative gameplay and often felt derivative .
The Temple of Elemental Evil was solid , but there were a number of bugs that had to be patched before it was really all that playable ; Dragonshard was an enjoyable RTS title , but its single - player campaign was too short and it was missing a major racial campaign ; finally , Dungeons & Dragons : Tactics was pretty much a total mess on the PSP .
That Atari has largely squandered an intellectual property as rich as the one Gary Gygax helped create is a shame .
Of course , before Atari took over the rights to the franchise , other publishers that were in the same position did n't always do an amazing job with TSR 's various properties .
Case in point : Interplay hit on a winning formula with Baldur 's Gate and Icewind Dale , and proceeded to focus on those two series up until the company went bankrupt .
That does n't mean it 's right , though : Dungeons & Dragons has some amazing campaign settings and storylines , and it's too bad that they have n't been translated into video games more often .
Depending on how this lawsuit turns out , Atari stands to lose a lot of money since the Neverwinter Nights games are a major source of income for the publisher .
From a video game standpoint , though , this could be a good thing : it seems unlikely that developers such as Bioware and Obsidian are n't going to keep on receiving contracts to make Dungeons & Dragons titles .
These games are both critical and commercial successes every time they 're released , so it'd be stupid for Hasbro to stop employing quality studios to make these titles .
However , looking at a list of the most popular D&D games reveals a common thread behind them : developers like Bioware and Black Isle ( which eventually became Obsidian Entertainment ) .
Maybe Hasbro should cut out the middleman and instead just start employing studios that can develop products of suitable quality to do their better IPs justice .
Or maybe Hasbro should just give the license to a publisher willing to deliver better — and more varied — Dungeons & Dragons games in the future .
Special thanks to Courthouse News , which is hosting the digital copies of both filed suits against Atari .
How heaping praise on your child could damage their chance of success
Parents could be damaging their children 's life chances by praising them too much , it has been claimed ( Posed by models )
Parents who praise their children too much could actually be hindering their development , it has been claimed .
Lavishing compliments on youngsters for doing something trivial actually demotivates them , experts say .
This could be because children resent being praised for just completing a simple task .
As a result , parents are in danger of turning children off learning completely , according to a new book called NurtureShock .
Unnecessary praise may also make youngsters unaware of how hard they actually need to work for real achievement .
Surveys of parents reveal there is now a modern trend for telling their children they are bright and talented , to boost their confidence and therefore achievement .
But praising a child for being good at something before the event may backfire as they will begin to believe they do n't need to work hard at it - or it may heap unnecessary pressure on them .
Authors Ashley Merryman and Po Bronson say for compliments to work they have to be limited , sincere and about effort rather than achievement .
They cite an analysis of 150 studies at Stanford University , in California , which has found that students who are over - praised become risk - averse , make less effort and are less selfmotivated .
Even young children are vulnerable to the inverse power of praise - and bright girls especially so .
Studies by Carol Dweck , a professor at Stanford , have shown that telling a child they are bright causes under- performance .
In one study on 400 nine - year - olds , telling them the six words ' you must be smart at this ' before a test reduced their scores by 20 per cent .
Scores of bright girls , in particular , collapse when they are told before a test that they are clever .
This is believed to be because they feel under pressure to achieve .
Author Po Bronson said : ' Offering praise has become a sort of panacea for the anxieties of modern parenting . '
Meanwhile , growing numbers of British academics claim that education is being undermined by the ' all must have prizes ' regime and overpraising in schools .
A recent report claimed that rewards systems in schools - which provide stickers , sweets and even shopping vouchers for good work or behaviour - kills off children 's learning zeal .
This is because children think they are being bribed .
They much prefer to feel they are improving over time rather than being instantly praised and rewarded , according to Emma Dunmore , head of psychology at Harrogate Grammar School , North Yorkshire .
Simon Brownhill , a senor lecturer in education at Derby University , said that prizes should be linked to proper achievement , above what is normally expected .
He said : ' A prize should be something you can work towards .
When I was learning to swim I got a certificate for five metres , one for ten metres and so on .
' Whilst I am all for rewarding achievement , it has to genuinely recognise progress .
A prize or certificate for nothing devalues the concept of a reward . '
Brad Friedman Byon 1/29/2010 , 1:40 pm PT
After just 37 minutes of deliberation , a jury in Kansas found Scott Roeder , the murderer of Dr. George Tiller guilty on all counts .
The 51 - year - old airport shuttle driver faces a mandatory life sentence with the possibility of parole in 25 years , though prosecutors have expressed they hope to get a " Hard 50 " for him --- meaning he'd not be eligible for parole unless he lived to be 101 .
Though during the trial the domestic terrorist Roeder told the court he 'd decided as long ago as 1993 to try and kill Tiller , it was n't until after months of increasing demonization by the rightwing media that Roeder finally found the courage to shoot Tiller in the head during a Sunday church service in Wichita last year .
Before his murder , Tiller , who for years had performed perfectly legal abortion procedures , had been villainized in an ongoing media campaign , led most notably by Bill O'Reilly of Fox " News . "
O'Reilly , who , despite his own false claims to the contrary had described him on air , time and again , as " Tiller the Baby Killer " and repeatedly told viewers on the most popular program on cable " news " that " This guy will kill your baby for $ 5,000 , any reason .
Any reason . "
Roeder testified during the trial that he " did what I thought was needed to be done to protect the children .
...
If I did n’t do it , the babies were going to die the next day . "
Other related statements , for which O'Reilly has never been held accountable , include :
" In the state of Kansas , there is a doctor , George Tiller , who will execute babies for $ 5,000 . "
" For $ 5,000 , ' Tiller the Baby Killer ' --- as some call him --- will perform a late - term abortion for just about any reason . "
" Tiller has killed thousands , thousands of late - term fetuses without explanation . "
" No question , Dr. Tiller has blood on his hands . "
" ' Tiller the Baby Killer ' out in Kansas , acquitted , acquitted today of murdering babies . "
" This guy will kill your baby for $ 5,000 , any reason .
Any reason . "
" If we allow Dr. George Tiller and his acolytes to continue , we can no longer pass judgment on any behavior by anybody . "
" If we allow this , America will no longer be a noble nation . "
O'Reilly also said of Tiller :
He " destroys fetuses for just about any reason right up until the birth date for $ 5,000 . "
He 's guilty of " Nazi stuff , "
a moral equivalent to NAMBLA and al - Qaida
" This is the kind of stuff that happened in Mao's China , Hitler 's Germany , Stalin's Soviet Union "
" operating a death mill "
" has blood on his hands "
" executing babies about to be born "
... Among many other similar statements .
While legal abortion providers have been forced to further defend themselves against continuing terror threats such as that carried out by Roeder , O'Reilly , who arguably helped foment the rage expressed by the murder of Tiller , remains on Rupert Murdoch 's cable channel where he continues to " report " in similarly irresponsible fashion to millions of Americans each night .
VelvetRevolution.us has called on the U.S. Dept. of Justice to take the threat of domestic rightwing terrorism such as Roeder's , and the use of public and government - subsidized broadcast media to help foment it , seriously , via its StopDomesticTerror.com campaign .
Please sign on to that campaign in you have n't already .
[ Disclosure : The BRAD BLOG is a co-founder of VR . ]
Prices for a small but growing number of brand - name drugs have risen more than twofold in recent years as drug makers seek to squeeze greater profits out of often small - selling but vital medicines , according to Congressional investigators .
Medicines like Adderall for attention deficit disorder , Inderal for chest pain and Sumycin for infections were among 416 brand - name drug products whose makers or distributors raised prices at least once by 100 percent or more from 2000 to 2008 , investigators found .
These substantial price increases are becoming increasingly common , according to the Government Accountability Office , which conducted the inquiry .
In 2000 , prices for 28 drug products rose by 100 percent or more .
In 2008 , 71 had similar increases .
In response to the investigators ’ report , which will be released Monday , the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America e-mailed a statement saying that drugs represent only 10 percent of the nation ’s overall spending on health care .
Vincent Laforet / The New York Times
An announcement of a deal in the protracted negotiations between NBC and Conan O’Brien could come as early as later tonight , representatives of both sides said Sunday .
The basic elements of the deal are complete , both sides said , and all that remains are several legal issues , which are being discussed by lawyers for each side , and how some staff members of Mr. O’Brien ’s “ Tonight ” show who do not have separate contracts will receive severance .
The issues could push the announcement off one more day , one representative said , though it is doubtful anything could derail the settlement at this point .
Both sides are now eager to conclude the deal , each representative said .
The financial terms include a payment of about $ 40 million by NBC , though Mr. O’Brien will not personally receive all of that .
A portion will also go to staff members who have contracts of their own , one representative said .
The agreement is also expected to allow Mr. O’Brien to work again in television by September , if not sooner .
Though no talks have been held with any potential suitors , executives at the Fox network have publicly expressed interest in talking to Mr. O’Brien once he is legally free to do so .
Gerald Hurst is one of the nation ’s foremost authorities on fire and explosives .
At age 72 , he ’s tall and lean , with graying hair combed back on his head and a white beard — think Santa Claus after a Nutrisystem diet .
Within minutes of welcoming me into his West Austin home in the fall of 2008 , he had me hooked , recounting vivid , head - scratching stories of person after person who ’d been wrongly convicted of arson .
That was what I ’d come to hear .
I had developed a fascination with arson cases — specifically , with the methods fire investigators used to distinguish intentionally set fires from accidental ones .
Until recently , the process was more art than science .
And in many places , it still is .
Fire investigators long worked from a basic set of assumptions about how buildings burn — ” old wives ’ tales , ” as Hurst calls them , passed from one generation to another .
For decades , they walked into the remains of charred buildings in search of the same clues to arson : furniture and windows buckled by extreme heat ; burn patterns on the floor caused by an accelerant like gasoline ; and other markers that were supposed to indicate that a fire had spread , quickly and wildly .
They took those markers to mean that a fire had been ignited on purpose .
And then they used the evidence to send thousands of people to prison .
But many of the investigators ’ assumptions have turned out to be wrong .
Over the past 15 years , the forensic science of arson has undergone a revolution led by experts like Hurst .
With nearly 800 people serving time for arson convictions in Texas prisons alone , the wider implications are n’t hard to grasp .
It now appears that hundreds of Texans have been wrongly convicted on the basis of outdated and inaccurate forensic evidence .
Nobody knows exactly how many , because no one ’s looked comprehensively at the cases of those in prison for arson .
I wanted to dig into as many of those cases as I could .
Hurst liked the idea , and he offered to help examine any suspicious cases I could turn up through court documents and police records .
Hurst , who holds a doctorate in chemistry from Cambridge University , spent most of three decades working in the private sector as a fire and explosives expert .
He also worked as an expert for hire in civil cases , usually insurance disputes over the cause of a fire .
His first exposure to the shoddy forensic science being used as evidence in criminal cases came only about a decade ago .
Hurst was asked to examine the evidence used to convict a Fort Stockton woman named Sonia Cacy , sent to prison in 1993 for allegedly killing her uncle in a house fire .
Hurst and his wife drove to West Texas to meet Cacy .
On the way , Hurst read through her case file .
He was shocked to see the flawed , outdated forensics that had been used in this capital murder case .
Cacy was innocent , and Hurst ’s testimony ultimately helped exonerate her .
She was released in 1998 after serving six years of a 99 - year sentence .
It also gave him a new mission .
Since the late 1990s , Hurst has testified , pro bono , in dozens of arson cases around the country as an expert witness for the defense .
In Texas , he helped exonerate Ernest Ray Willis , who spent 17 years on Death Row for a fire he did n’t start .
But Hurst has gained the most notoriety for his work on the now - infamous Cameron Todd Willingham case .
Willingham was convicted of arson murder for allegedly starting a 1991 fire at his North Texas home that killed his three daughters .
Just weeks before Willingham ’s execution in 2004 , Hurst was asked to look at the evidence .
He saw immediately that investigators had used outdated assumptions to convict Willingham .
Working against the clock , he hurriedly wrote a report that debunked much of the physical evidence .
Hurst concluded in his report that “ most of the conclusions reached by the Fire Marshal would be considered invalid in light of current knowledge . ”
( You can read the whole report here . )
Willingham ’s lawyer faxed the report to Gov. Rick Perry ’s office hours before the scheduled lethal injection .
Because the governor ’s office has refused to release relevant documents , it ’s unclear what , if anything , the governor ’s staff did with Hurst ’s report or whether Perry ever saw it .
But the governor let the execution go forward .
Hurst was the first fire - science expert to review the case .
Since Willingham was put to death , eight more of the nation ’s leading fire scientists have examined the evidence .
Every one of them has agreed with Hurst that the forensics were outdated and that the fire was likely accidental .
That would mean Texas almost certainly executed an innocent man .
In the past few months , the Willingham case has become a full - blown scandal .
The New Yorker ran a 16,000 - word story in late August , and all of a sudden people across the country were talking about the case .
Then in late September , Perry booted three members off of the Texas Forensic Science Commission , which was investigating the Willingham and Willis cases , just three days before a crucial hearing on scientists ’ findings .
Perry ’s new appointees promptly canceled the hearing and have yet to reschedule it .
Even conservative commentators cried cover - up , suggesting that Perry , in a tough battle for re-election , was trying to subvert an investigation that might prove he oversaw the execution of an innocent man .
The Willis and Willingham cases are not unique ; they just happen to have gained wide public attention .
Hurst has seen many cases in which the forensic evidence was as bad or worse .
In the basement of his Austin home , he continues to dig through case files submitted by attorneys and families across Texas and the nation .
In the last two weeks of October alone , he received requests to examine a half - dozen arson cases .
Some of the defendants are obviously guilty , he says .
Other cases have flaws that leave questions about the defendants ’ guilt .
But in about half the cases he sees , fire investigators have conjured arson evidence that is so obviously wrong — based on ludicrous theories and long - disproved methodologies — that it would almost be funny , he says , if someone were n’t sitting in jail because of it .
“ Older cases , you can pretty much assume it ’s probably a bad case , ” Hurst says .
“ But new cases come in too , and only a small percentage of them are really good cases — I mean where they ’ve done their homework , eliminated accidental causes and pretty well established arson .
But I do n’t see many .
I see [ investigators ] doing some of the same things they were doing in the ’ 80s . ”
With Hurst ’s help , I soon identified three Texas men who were convicted largely by disproved arson forensics .
The Observer has told their stories this year as part of a series that will continue into 2010 .
( See below for a review of the three cases we have documented thus far . )
The evidence against Curtis Severns of Plano , Ed Graf from outside Waco and Alfredo Guardiola of Houston was thin and occasionally absurd .
Yet their cases , unlike Willingham ’s , received little or no media attention .
All three are almost surely innocent .
All three remain in prison on sentences that stretch for decades to come .
And they are far from alone .
Texas fire statistics suggest that those falsely convicted of arson number in the hundreds .
Hurst ’s research leads him to contend that at least one - third , and perhaps even half , of all arson convictions have been based on junk science .
In Texas , that would mean between 250 and 400 likely innocent people are sitting in prison at this very moment .
“ So , ” Hurst asks , “ what do you do about it ? ” For Texans concerned about this mass miscarriage of justice , that is now the urgent question .
The first step in remedying the widespread problem of false arson convictions is understanding why they happen .
Arson is one of the rare crimes for which a defendant can be convicted almost exclusively on the basis of a forensic expert ’s testimony .
If a fire investigator testifies that the blaze at your house or business was intentionally set , someone — quite possibly you — is headed to prison .
It can happen to anybody .
The three stories documented thus far by the Observer demonstrate that .
Curtis Severns ( “ Burn Patterns , ” April 3 ) was a gun store owner , husband and father in a Dallas suburb .
After many fits and starts , he finally saw his life coming together — until the night his store burned in 2004 .
Severns had been the last to leave the store before it exploded in flames .
He maintained his innocence , and there was no valid evidence that the store had been intentionally torched .
But expert testimony convinced the jury that Severns did it .
He landed in federal prison on a 27 - year sentence he is still serving .
Curtis Severns
The Fire : In his Plano gun shop on Aug. 21 , 2004 .
The Evidence : Prosecutors claimed multiple points of origin at scene proves Severns committed arson .
Accidental fires almost never start in multiple places .
Forensic
Flaws :
Fire scientists say it was likely started by an electrical short and spread by exploding aerosol cans full of flammable gun cleaner .
New video evidence proves aerosol cans can spread fire and create the illusion of multiple points of origin .
Motive :
He drastically reduced his insurance policy months before the fire .
He would have lost money if the store were destroyed .
Sentenced to : 27 years in federal prison in June 2007 .
Postscript : Severns remains in federal prison in Beaumont .
His sentence has been reduced ; he has 15 more years to serve .
After the Observer story , Walter Reaves , a Waco attorney who works with the Innocence Project of Texas , took on the case pro bono .
Ed Graf ( “ Victim of Circumstance , ” May 29 ) had built a life that many would envy .
He was an insurance adjuster with a healthy salary , a family and a large house in an affluent suburban neighborhood outside Waco .
His alleged crime was so horrific —
Graf was convicted of dragging his two young stepsons to a backyard utility shed and burning them alive — that many in the Waco area still remember it vividly , two decades into Graf ’s life sentence for arson -murder .
Ed Graf
The Fire :
In a shed behind Graf ’s house in suburban Waco on Aug. 26 , 1986 , that killed his two stepsons .
The Evidence : Fire investigators contended that burn patterns at the scene and the position of door locks proved Graf had ignited gasoline and locked the door to the shed .
The Forensic Flaws : Nearly every piece of forensic evidence that convicted Graf has since been disproved .
Reading burn patterns in post - flashover fires is no longer seen as a reliable way to determine how a fire started .
Subsequent investigation also showed that the door to shed was likely open .
If the door had been closed , the fire would have burned out from lack of oxygen in a windowless shed .
Defense attorneys theorized the kids , who had history of playing with fire , might have started the blaze and lost control .
Sentenced to : Life in prison in 1988 .
Postscript : Little has changed in Graf ’s case since the Observer ’s original story .
Graf remains in state prison .
Alfredo Guardiola ( “ I Was Just a Junkie , ” Oct. 2 ) was a heroin addict living a semi-nomadic existence in a poor East Houston neighborhood .
He ’s now served half of a 40 - year sentence for allegedly starting a house fire that killed a married couple and two children Guardiola had never met .
He was connected to the fire only because he rushed from a neighbor ’s house to try to help the victims .
Alfredo Guardiola
The Fire :
In a house in East Houston that killed two adults and two children on May 11 , 1989 .
Evidence : Guardiola confessed to the crime after 13 - hour interrogation .
He quickly recanted and says the confession was coerced .
Fire investigators also believed burn patterns at the scene proved an arsonist used gasoline to start the fire .
Forensic Flaws : Experts see no evidence of arson .
No gasoline was ever detected at the scene .
Fire scientists say the burn patterns were likely caused by flashover , not gasoline .
Testimony from numerous eyewitnesses points to an accidental fire .
Motive : Prosecutors contended Guardiola burned the house to prevent the family from implicating him in recent burglaries .
But Guardiola was n’t directly involved in the burglaries , and the family did n’t even know who he was .
Sentenced to : 40 years in prison in 1993 .
Postscript : Guardiola has 20 years left on his sentence .
After reading the Observer story , lawyers with the Innocence Project of Texas are looking into Guardiola ’s case .
As different as each case is , all three have something in common :
They were based on arson evidence that ’s been long since disproved .
For instance , all three fires appeared to spread unusually fast and burn unusually hot .
That was once considered a sure sign that an accelerant like gasoline had been used to ignite a blaze .
And where there was gasoline , the theory went , there had to be an arsonist .
Research has shown that the theory is bogus .
Accidental fires can burn even hotter than blazes set on purpose .
At www.texasobserver.org, you can watch a video of a test fire in which a lit cigarette left in a couch turns a room into an inferno in just four minutes .
The first time I spoke with Gerald Hurst , we sat on the wraparound sofa in his living room .
He pointed out that if the couch we were sitting on — given its size and flammable material — happened to ignite , it would engulf the room in just minutes .
Many investigators still look for clues that a fire has burned especially hot — melted bed springs , deeply charred wood .
Scientists now know that these can be products of an accidental fire .
But they have long been used as evidence of arson .
One of the most infamous falsehoods is the phenomenon of “ crazed glass , ” in which weblike cracks form on a window of a burned building .
Crazed glass was once considered proof that a fire had burned especially hot and fast , and thus had to be arson .
This notion was used to convict Cameron Todd Willingham .
But recent experiments have shown that crazed glass actually occurs when water from a fire hose hits a hot window .
Another longtime staple of fire investigation is “ reading ” the burn patterns at a scene .
Investigators believed that certain types of burns on a wall or floor could tell the story about how a fire ignited , and that story often involved gasoline .
In trials , investigators have testified that they observed “ pour patterns ” on a floor , where the defendant had supposedly poured gasoline .
They ’ve also cited burn marks on walls that they said meant the fires had started on the floor , fueled by gasoline , and quickly burned upward .
Those myths of arson science were proven false in 1991 , when fire investigators in Jacksonville , Fla. , made a startling discovery .
They were probing a house fire that looked like textbook arson : “ Pour patterns ” could be seen on the floor after a fire that had spread rapidly .
Gasoline must have been used , the investigators thought .
But to be certain , they took the unusual step of running a test that would become known as the Lime Street Fire .
The investigators found an abandoned house nearby , similar to the one that had burned , and filled it with similar furniture .
Then they staged an accidental fire scenario — no gasoline used , in other words .
When the test fire was extinguished , the investigators were stunned to see similar “ pour patterns ” scorched on the floor .
How could that be , if no gasoline was used ?
Eventually they figured it out .
The original house fire had achieved a level of intense burning known as “ flashover , ” which occurs when enough smoke and gas intensify to make a room explode into flames .
( The telltale sign of flashover is when flames burst from windows and curl toward the roof . )
At flashover , a fire can spread quickly in many directions — even downward , which investigators once thought was impossible .
Flashover caused by accidental fires can leave burn patterns and create burn holes in the floor that were previously thought to prove that an arsonist had ignited several starting points .
“ Pour patterns , ” it turned out , were actually burn marks left by post - flashover burning .
They were not signs of arson .
In essence , the Lime Street Fire showed that flashover can make an accidental fire look very much like an arson .
The fires that led to both Graf ’s and Guardiola ’s convictions went to flashover .
Investigators testified that “ pour patterns ” and other burn marks convinced them that gasoline — and , thus , arsonists — had started the fires .
Hurst is convinced that the burn patterns were caused by normal post - flashover burning .
( In Guardiola ’s case , no evidence of gasoline was even found . )
“ There is no such thing as a pour pattern after you ’ve had prolonged post - flashover burning , ” Hurst says .
After flashover , it ’s very difficult — often impossible — to determine how a fire started .
But even today , Hurst still sees cases in which investigators base arson findings on burn patterns caused by flashover .
“ How long has it been since I ’ve seen a case like that ? ” he asks rhetorically .
“ Oh , I have n’t seen a case like that since , I think it ’s been , two weeks . ”
In many parts of the country , and in much of rural Texas , fire investigators are poorly versed in the forensic discoveries of the last two decades .
Most are former firefighters or police and military officers .
In many jurisdictions , they can become certified fire investigators after a 40 - hour course .
John Lentini , who helped run the Lime Street experiment in Florida and later examined the Cameron Todd Willingham case , says the problems with arson evidence wo n’t be fixed until fire investigators have a better understanding of science .
“ As long as we want to pay $ 35,000 a year to an ex-firefighter , ” he says , “ we ’re not going to be able to afford the kind of people who need to be doing the work . ”
In a perfect world , Lentini would like to see departments pay fire investigators more and require an advanced degree in physics or chemistry .
He knows that ’s unlikely .
The more immediate and affordable solution is better training :
Make the courses longer and more intensive , so “ guys who are truly incompetent wo n’t get certified . ”
Training for investigators has improved in recent years , and fire investigations are much more scientific than they once were .
But it ’s scattershot , says Gerald Hurst .
“ It ’s totally non-uniform .
There are pockets where they get it right , because they ’ve taken the right courses . ”
At the same time , Hurst says , “ There are literally thousands of fire investigators doing whatever they damn well please .
There are courts who do n’t have a clue what ’s real and what ’s not , and their sources of information … are the very people who are doing the bad investigating . ”
Hurst suspects that some investigators learn proper techniques during their initial training but are subsequently influenced by apprenticeships with older investigators who still subscribe to those “ old wives ’ tales . ”
To remedy the problems with fire investigation , Hurst and Lentini both want to see a standardized curriculum instituted by state fire marshal offices .
They also believe that investigators , to maintain their certifications , should be required to take annual continuing education courses .
Beyond better training and certification , Lentini and Hurst also recommend changing the way arson cases are tried .
Arson trials are different from those of other crimes because the basic issue normally is n’t who committed the crime but whether there was a crime at all .
“ If it ’s arson , it ’s usually pretty obvious who did it , ” Lentini points out .
But if the fire was accidental , no crime occurred in the first place .
One solution : separate trials into two segments .
In the first phase , the defendant would not even be in court .
The exclusive issue would be fire science : Was this arson ?
If a jury concludes that the fire was intentionally set , the second phase of the trial would begin , with the defendant ’s guilt or innocence determined .
This reform would change the outcomes of many arson trials .
Prosecutors often center their cases on demonizing defendants — a handy way to mask flaws in arson evidence .
This technique was used in all three cases investigated by the Observer .
Curtis Severns , the gun-shop owner , was misleadingly portrayed at his trial as broke and desperate for the insurance money the blaze would bring .
Ed Graf was described in court as a monstrous “ Jekyll and Hyde ” type .
Alfredo Guardiola was depicted as a gangster .
Cameron Todd Willingham is still being called a “ monster ” ; Perry said so in October when he declared that , even if the arson evidence was mistaken , Willingham was still guilty because he was an awful person .
And perhaps the most egregious example was Ernest Ray Willis , who was administered powerful sedatives during his 1987 trial in Fort Stockton .
In open court , the prosecutor referred to the drugged - up Willis ’ eyes as “ cold fish eyes . ”
How many innocent people have been convicted of arson in Texas ?
Data from the state fire marshal ’s office offer chilling clues that point to a number in the hundreds .
As the new understanding of how fire behaves has slowly penetrated the world of fire investigation , the number of fires considered arson has dropped dramatically in the state .
Between 1997 and 2007 , there was a 60 percent drop in the number of fires deemed “ incendiary . ”
In 1997 , 15,949 arsons were reported in Texas .
Ten years later , the number had fallen to 5,687 .
But there are n’t fewer fires in Texas .
The overall number of fires remained fairly consistent in that 10 - year period , from year to year , between 73,000 and 95,000 .
Are there simply fewer arsonists ?
Gerald Hurst does n’t buy that .
Rather , it seems clear to him that fire investigators are getting it right more often .
He believes that improved and standardized training would lead to another huge decrease in the number of arson findings .
The massive drop in arsons points to disturbing evidence of how many potentially innocent Texans might be in jail .
If most of the 60 percent drop is accounted for by accidental fires that would have been ruled arsons in previous years , it ’s reasonable to assume that 30 to 50 percent of the people in prison on arson convictions are innocent .
In Texas , that would add up to between 250 and 400 wrongly convicted people .
Even so , no one has attempted a comprehensive review of older arson cases .
To date , the job of examining those convictions has fallen on media outlets like the Observer and nonprofit groups like the Innocence Project , which lack the resources for a comprehensive review of all cases .
Criminal - justice experts like Scott Henson , who writes the Grits for Breakfast blog , have called on the Texas attorney general ’s office to conduct a statewide probe of arson convictions .
It ’s difficult work that requires significant funding .
The Texas Forensic Science Commission could make a huge dent in the problem .
The Legislature created the commission in 2005 after scandals at crime labs around the state .
The commission was charged with investigating innocence claims based on flawed forensics and bringing to light faulty practices that might have sent innocent people to prison .
It ’s one of the first such governmental bodies in the country .
For once , it looked as if Texas would be a criminal justice innovator .
But Perry ’s intervention has halted any progress by the commission .
John Bradley , the hard - nosed Williamson County prosecutor Perry recently put in charge of the commission , seems intent on writing new rules and procedures .
Critics view this as a stall tactic .
At a recent legislative hearing Bradley refused to say when he planned to restart the investigation into Cameron Todd Willingham ’s conviction and execution .
It ’s still possible that the commission ’s final report on the Willingham case will provide a primer of sorts for arson investigations , an official list of the types of fire evidence that should not be admitted in court .
But with Bradley delaying the probe , it could take years for the commission to issue findings .
Asked by lawmakers when the commission might report on the Willingham case , Bradley replied , “ When it ’s ready . ”
Meanwhile , Severns , Graf and Guardiola remain in prison .
Following the Observer ’s exposés , their cases have received some media attention through newspaper stories , radio reports and blogs .
The Innocence Project is working to free all three men .
But the criminal justice process is grindingly slow .
And hundreds of other innocent people are almost certainly wasting away in Texas prisons .
What in the world is George Soros up to now ?
At the 2010 World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland Soros recently made the following statement : “ When interest rates are low we have conditions for asset bubbles to develop , and they are developing at the moment .
The ultimate asset bubble is gold . ”
So is Soros trying to scare people away from gold ?
The truth is that the price of gold did rise about 40 percent last year .
In the current economic environment , there has been a flight to safety as nervous investors have flocked to precious metals such as gold , silver and platinum .
But are these bad investments that are overvalued right now ?
Not at all .
The truth is that gold and silver are just about the only things that have held their value over the past 100 years .
An ounce of gold could buy you a really nice suit 100 years ago and an ounce of gold can buy you a really nice suit today .
But now that it is starting to come out that there could be massive reserves of gold and oil in Haiti , we should expect the ongoing manipulation of the precious metal markets only to intensify .
The truth is that the big dogs like Soros want everyone else to get out of gold and silver so that they can swoop in and get more for themselves .
If you are looking for a bubble , you do n’t have to look any farther than the U.S. stock market .
Remember all of that “ bailout ” money and “ stimulus ” money that the U.S. government injected into the economy ?
Well , it did n’t help you much , did it ?
Nope .
So where did it go ?
It went to pumping up Wall Street .
In a recent article , Bob Chapman did a great job of explaining what is happening ….
Liquidity is not flowing into the economy it is pouring into Wall Street to aid and abet more speculation , which has sent the Dow from 6600 to 10,700 .
That is why some analysts are calling this a “ jobless ” recovery .
They think that because the stock market has gone up we are having a recovery .
But it is a lie .
The reality is that the stock market is experiencing a “ sucker ’s rally ” and all the insiders are busy selling their holdings off into that rally as Chapman explains further down in his article … .
It should be noted that insiders are selling into the never - ending rally , and mutual funds have very little money flow coming into the funds .
That , of course , is our government at work manipulating the market .
Just last week insiders bought $ 18 million worth of shares and sold $ 419 million .
But let ’s not just blame Wall Street .
They are not the only ones responsible for the mess that we are in .
The truth is that we have all made bad choices .
We have all bought stuff made in China for years and years just because it was a few cents cheaper .
We knew that it would put some of our neighbors out of work eventually but we did n’t care as long as we could save a buck or two .
All we cared about was the lowest price .
In fact , for decades the U.S. government made obscenely lopsided trade deals with foreign nations ( that were very much not in our favor ) just so that we could get cheaper goods for the American consumer .
We were told that anything that was good for the “ consumer ” was good for the economy .
“ Free trade ” ( or in other words , other countries getting to send us all the cheap stuff they wanted to ) was going to be the solution to all of our problems .
But it was n’t .
Instead , we found out that there was a very high cost to those low prices .
In his excellent article entitled “ The Wal - Mart Model of Self - Destruction : Lowest Prices , Always ” , Charles Hugh Smith captured the high cost of our obsession with low prices beautifully … .
The propaganda of marketing has so hollowed out American culture that most citizens cannot recall a time that “ Consumerism ” was n’t the unofficial religion of American society .
And what is the First Commandment of “ consumerist religion ” ?
The lowest price is all that matters .
Quality does n’t matter ; we ’re going to move / throw it away anyway .
Who made it does n’t matter .
The idea that you might pay more to keep your neighbor employed is akin to worshipping the Devil : all that matters is the lowest price .
The sad thing is that many of you who are reading this article will keep running out to bloated globalist retailers like Wal - Mart just to save a few pennies .
It does n’t matter that their stores are filled with cheap garbage made in virtual sweat shops all over the globe and that Wal - Mart has probably decimated a large percentage of the local businesses in your area since they moved in .
But on the bright side , they do pay slightly over minimum wage and they do provide part - time employment for many of the people in your area .
Perhaps you can get a job with them when your job gets shipped overseas too .
The truth is that we all need to quit being “ consumers ” and we all need to start participating in our communities once again .
Instead of supporting a big global chain that takes all of the profits out of your local community , why do n’t you go visit the struggling small business down the street instead ?
Instead of pumping your cash into the giant shell game known as the stock market , why do n’t you help a family member start a business or put it into something real like gold and silver instead ?
We are all supporting the current globalist system by putting money into their banks , by investing in their stocks and by endlessly shopping in their stores .
Imagine what would happen if we all suddenly decided to stop .
I have always believed that the secret detention sites – where prisoners were waterboarded – and military prisons , such as Bagram , were far worse than Guantánamo .
Now I 'm not so sure .
They once called it " asymmetrical warfare " and a " good PR move " but the US administration may soon have to call the alleged suicides of prisoners in Guantánamo something they were trying to hide all along : murder .
The latest revelations in the US magazine Harper 's suggests a major cover - up occurred after the 2006 deaths of three Guantánamo prisoners : Manei al - Otaibi and Yasser al - Zahrani from Saudi Arabia and Ali al - Salami from Yemen .
Four Camp Delta Military
Intelligence guards , including a decorated sergeant , have furnished an account dramatically at odds with the official US version of what happened on the night of the deaths .
I remember at the time how none of the former prisoners believed the official US version and , after I spoke to the families of the deceased , they too remained convinced that their loved ones had either been killed accidentally or – more likely – murdered .
Last week Johina Aamer delivered a letter to Gordon Brown , asking him to press the US government for the release of her father , Shaker Aamer , who has been held in Guantánamo for more than eight years without charge .
Shaker is regarded as one of the most influential prisoners in Guantánamo because of his vociferous and passionate advocacy for prisoners ' rights .
As a result of this he has spent many years in isolation , on hunger strike and been forcibly fed liquid food through tubes in his nostrils .
At the time of the deaths Shaker told his US attorney , Zachary Katznelson , that he was " strapped to a chair and fully restrained at the head , arms and legs " , and that they " cut off his airway , then put a mask on him so he could not cry out " .
This is similar to what the Harper 's article claims happened to the three men before they died .
Shaker has also alleged that his head was repeatedly slammed against a wall in Bagram in the presence of at least one British intelligence officer .
Obama 's 22 January 2010 deadline to close the prison camp at Guantánamo has not been met .
Few of the scores of former prisoners I 've spoken to over the last year ever believed it would .
The recent problems in Yemen and claims of " recidivism " by some of the former prisoners has become the latest excuse in not releasing the men – not even the hundred or so who have been " cleared " for release .
Shaker Aamer was cleared for release over two years ago .
The irony of some of the resettlement cases could n't be starker .
For example , the Uighurs – Muslims from western China – have been resettled in places such as Albania , Bermuda and the Pacific island of Palau : men who have suffered detention without trial , torture and abuse cannot be returned to their homes due to the fear of being detained without trial , tortured and abused .
There are around 50 men , all cleared for release by the US administration , who are unable to return to their countries for fear of torture and execution by states such as China , Libya , Tunisia and Algeria .
The US administration has recognised this for many years but releasing them is a major problem .
Where will they send them ?
After eight consecutive and torturous years of demonisation , labelling them " enemy combatants " , " terrorists " , " murderers " and " the worst of the worst " how could the country so collectively traumatised by the events of 9/11 be expected to simply apologise and say it was mistaken in treating the men like animals ?
Instead , the US calls upon the rest of the world to fix the problem it created .
Last week I accompanied lawyers for Guantánamo prisoners from Reprieve and the Centre for Constitutional Rights in an effort to help secure homes in Europe for some of the 50 .
In past months I have met with minsters in Malaysia and Sudan – where the receptions were warm , and the desire to assist in the resettlement programme positive .
However , I was unsure how such meetings might be perceived in a place such as Luxembourg .
I was pleasantly surprised .
Not only did the media cover our visit to the country with references on several of the front pages but the meeting with the foreign minister proved warm .
We had a long discussion about the possibility of Luxembourg accepting a couple of the Guantánamo prisoners .
He was not unreceptive to the idea and said he would consider the request .
David Miliband has told the Aamer family that Britain is still calling for the return of Shaker Aamer .
At the same time , it is believed that the government has documents that contain evidence that confessions he made were obtained through torture , the disclosure of which they are trying to block in court on grounds of " public interest " .
In light of the torture meted out to Shaker and the deaths that occurred the night he was suffering some of that torture , the public interest seems best served by openness .
A 12 - year - old student from Florida was arrested for breaking wind during class and disturbing his classmates by shutting off their computers at Stuar ’s Spectrum Jr. / Sr. High School .
The police called this a “ deliberately passed gas to disrupt the class ” and “ disruption of a school function ” County Sheriff ’s Office report , a copy of which you ’ll find below , notes that the 4 ′ 11 ″ offender admitted that he “ continually disrupted his classroom environment by breaking wind and shutting off several computers . ”
The student was placed under arrest but released shortly after to his mother .
More stupidity , burglar arrested after leaving his Facebook account logged in at the crime scene
Of all the things Google is really good at , patience is n't necessarily one of them .
To prove Web applications like Gmail and Google Docs could be as sophisticated as desktop apps , Google created its own desktop software a couple years ago -- a small utility called Gears .
Once it 's installed on a user 's computer , features like offline caching of e-mails and drag - and - drop file uploading would be unlocked .
Many of those features are beginning to be adopted by HTML5 , the next revision to the standard programming language that powers the Web .
For the time being , Gears will still feature a number of tools that can be opened using Firefox and Internet Explorer .
The technology is built into Google 's Chrome browser .
As Google prepares to release its first beta version of Chrome for the Mac ( a developer preview has been available for months ) , the company is letting the sun set on its Gears project .
" We are excited that much of the technology in Gears , including offline support and geolocation APIs , are being incorporated into the HTML5 spec as an open standard supported across browsers , and see that as the logical next step for developers looking to include these features in their websites , " wrote a Google spokesman in an e-mail .
That 's great , but HTML5 is n't ready yet , and commercially available browsers do n't support it .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) – A House panel slated to look into the collapse and bailout of insurer American International Group has widened its probe , adding former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson to its list of invited witnesses .
Paulson , who was asked on Friday to testify , would join his successor , Timothy Geithner , in explaining the roles they played in not disclosing payments AIG made to bank counterparties after receiving a taxpayer bailout .
ADVERTISEMENT
Democratic Rep. Edolphus Towns , chair of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , labeled the payments a “ backdoor bailout ” for banks and scheduled a January 27 hearing .
Geithner has taken heat since e-mails surfaced last week that showed lawyers for the New York Federal Reserve advised AIG not to disclose payments that gave 100 cents on the dollar to banks holding AIG credit default swaps .
Geithner , who led the New York Fed at the time , has said bailout funds to AIG were not meant to help big banks and that he had no involvement in the decision to withhold the information from filings for securities regulators .
But he contends there were no legal means to prevent AIG from making the payments , and making the payments at par was the right thing to do .
Stephen Friedman , the former chairman of the New York Fed who now sits on Goldman Sachs ’ board of directors , was also added to the list of invited witnesses .
ADVERTISEMENT
Spokesmen for Paulson and Friedman were not immediately available for comment .
Along with Geithner , Neil Barofsky , special inspector general for the Troubled Asset Relief Program ; Elias Habayeb , former chief financial officer of AIG Financial Services Group ; and Thomas Baxter , general counsel for the New York Fed , have been confirmed to testify .
The federal rescue of AIG funneled $ 180 billion of taxpayer money to the company in September 2008 , a move criticized by the public and lawmakers .
ADVERTISEMENT
Geithner insists “ this crisis would have been much more damaging ” without the bailout .
Monday , December 28th 2009 , 2:38 AM EST
Concentrated CO2 exposed to infrared will get somewhat warmer than everyday air .
But this only proves that everyday air ( 99.96 % of which is nitrogen , oxygen and argon ) is more transparent to IR and less apt to be heated that way .
Air molecules , CO2 included , initially acquire heat by contact with warmer surfaces .
Via mutual collisions and convective transport , this heat gets spread around within an airmass .
To some slight degree , CO2 also has the option of acquiring heat by radiative transfer .
But , rather ironically , it cannot radiatively transfer this heat to the nitrogen , oxygen and argon molecules which surround it because , as said , they are largely infrared - transparent .
As a result , an excited CO2 molecule is obliged to share its heat just like the rest of them do , by bumping into other molecules .
In short , there ’s nothing special about CO2 in a real - world context .
Outnumbered 2500 to 1 , CO2 ’s energy is lost in a busy buzz of collisions , its radiative properties wasted .
Moreover , any heated gas radiates infrared — and in this case 99.96 % of the gas consists of molecules other than CO2 .
Yet no one seriously imagines that back - radiation from 99.96 % of the air has a role in raising the earth ’s surface temperature .
Only when CO2 comes up do we lose touch with reality .
Here ’s a succinct point : Immersed in the vacuum of space , the earth has but one means of losing heat : radiation .
And what does carbon dioxide do ?
It radiates .
Alan SiddonsClick PDF download to read FULL Climate Sceptic News Report
Now I 'm not one to be spreadin ' rumors or tellin ' lies , but word has it that ol '
Cabel himself once got himself snared atop ol ' Splash Mountain at Disneyland !
Seems someone thought -- with only God and these here trees knowin ' quite why -- it'd be my - tee - funny if him and his pals took their shirts off at the peak for the cameras !
The ol ' water works suddenly shut off , a mysterious voice was a - boomin ' , and the pictures never came ta ' light .
A cast member later told Cabel that , luckily , it was usually th' fairer sex who pulled such a trick !
Seems Mr. Cabel was disbelievin ' , until a saint of a cast member leaked these precious snaps .
Caution !
You may be stunned !
NEW ORLEANS 
After nearly a week of silence since his arrest on Monday on charges of interfering with the phones in Senator Mary L. Landrieu ’s New Orleans office , James O’Keefe III , the conservative advocate , said Friday that he was trying to determine whether Ms. Landrieu was avoiding constituent complaints .
But Mr. O’Keefe acknowledged that he was now thinking twice about his approach .
“ The sole intent of our investigation was to determine whether or not Senator Landrieu was purposely trying to avoid constituents who were calling to register their views to her as their senator , ” Mr. O’Keefe said in a statement , which appeared on the Web site biggovernment.com .
The site is run by Andrew Breitbart , who played a role in bringing Mr. O’Keefe to national attention by releasing videos in which Mr. O’Keefe secretly recorded members of the community group Acorn giving him advice on how to set up a brothel .
Mr. Breitbart also pays Mr. O’Keefe for the rights to his projects .
Image James O'Keefe III said he had misgivings on his approach .
Credit ...
Patrick Semansky / Associated Press
Tea Party advocates and opponents of a health care overhaul complained late last year that they could not get through to Ms. Landrieu ’s office or leave messages on her voice mail in the most contentious weeks of the health care debate .
* Google applies to FERC for trading permit late December
* Aims to buy more renewable energy , become carbon neutral
* Does not plan energy trading as a new line of business
( Recasts with Google comment , background )
By Tom Doggett
WASHINGTON , Jan 8 ( Reuters ) - Google Inc GOOG.O has asked the main U.S. energy regulator for authority to trade electricity in the wholesale market , which will make it easier for the Internet search giant to obtain renewable energy to power its huge data centers as part of its green initiative .
In its filing to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in late December , the company said its Google Energy LLC subsidiary wants the authority “ to contain and manage the cost of energy for Google . ”
“ We ’re interested in procuring more renewable energy as part of our carbon neutrality commitment , so we applied for the ability to buy and sell energy on the wholesale market to give us more flexibility , ” Google spokeswoman Niki Fenwick said on Friday .
The company in December pledged on its blog “ Going green at Google ” to make its operations carbon neutral and reduce greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
Fenwick said Google does not have any plans to make the energy markets a new line of business , except that the company may sell any surplus renewable energy it does not use .
Other companies that consume a lot of electricity have been given similar authority by FERC to help control their energy costs .
“ It ’s routine , ” an agency spokeswoman said of Google ’s application .
FERC lists on its website about 1,500 companies that have subsidiaries with the same market - based rate authority , including Alcoa AA.N , the Safeway SWY .N grocery store chain and Walmart WMT.N .
Information technology and telecommunications facilities account for approximately 120 billion kilowatt hours of electricity annually -- or 3 percent of all U.S. electricity use , according to the Energy Department .
Rapid growth in the U.S. data center industry is projected to require two new large power plants per year just to keep pace with the expected demand growth , the department says .
Google told FERC it does not own or control any facilities that generate electricity to sell in the wholesale markets and the extent of its electric generation ownership is to provide power solely to the company ’s facilities and for emergency backup power .
The company asked FERC to approve its request by Feb. 23 .
Google officials could not immediately be reached for comment .
( Reporting by Tom Doggett ; additional reporting by Ayesha Rascoe in Washington and Alexei Oreskovic in San Francisco Oreskovic ; Editing by Marguerita Choy )
Researchers at the Lady Davis Institute for Medical Research of the Jewish General Hospital and McGill University in Montreal have discovered a previously unsuspected link between two different genetic pathways which suppress the growth of cancer tumours .
This breakthrough , they say , could lead to new treatments for some of the deadliest and most intractable forms of cancer ; including prostate cancer , brain cancer and melanoma .
The scientists discovered a novel link between a tumour - suppressing gene known as the phosphatase and tensin homolog ( PTEN ) and a protein called PKR , which is known to inhibit protein synthesis .
The researchers discovered that when PTEN is mutated or absent , PKR loses its inhibitory ability , and protein synthesis within the affected cells runs wild .
" This leads to high proliferation of cells with a survival advantage over normal cells , " explains Dr. Antonis E. Koromilas of the JGH Lady Davis Institute for Medical Research and McGill 's Department of Oncology .
" That is a condition that facilitates tumour development . "
PTEN plays a vital role in the suppression of humans cancers by inhibiting a genetic pathway called phosphoinositide - 3 kinase ( PI3K ) .
Clinicians often target PI3K with drugs when treating cancer patients , but this does not work in all cases , because not all mutant forms of PTEN interact with PI3K .
In 1992 , in a study published in the journal Science , Dr. Koromilas and Dr. Nahum Sonenberg of McGill University identified PKR as a potential tumour suppressor , but its association with PTEN was unsuspected at the time .
The new discovery was made by Koromilas 's graduate researcher Zineb Mounir , the study 's first author , along with colleagues in the United States .
Their findings were published December 22 in the journal Science Signalling .
" Because they are not mediated by the known PI3K pathway , existing cancer treatments do n't always work on tumours with PTEN mutations , " explains Mounir .
" That 's why this discovery has such tremendous implications , " continues Koromilas .
"
If we start to understand how these mutants of PTEN function , we should be able to design drugs that can activate PKR , essentially switch on its protein synthesis inhibitory function . "
These treatments , Koromilas adds , do n't necessarily have to be tailored from scratch to pinpoint PKR .
" We also have learned from our work that DNA damage can actually activate the PKR pathway , and some chemotherapy treatments are known to damage DNA .
So you have the option to design drugs that are specific to PKR , or you can use drugs that have a more general effect and activate this pathway almost as a side - effect . "
The study 's co-authors include Dr. Gavin Robertson of Penn State University , Dr. Maria - Magdalena Georgescu of the MD Anderson Cancer Center , and Dr. Randal Kaufman of the University of Michigan .
Strange as it may seem , a couple of weeks ago as I ruminated on Obama 's broken promise to bring the troops home , his attempt to out - warmonger the Bush administration and his plummeting popularity , I thought to myself : " ya know , what that guy ( or rather the disgruntled US public ) needs is a good old fashioned ' Muslim terror attack ' .
Preferably one that includes a ranting ' terrorist ' message about Afghanistan and ' slaughtering infidels ' .
That 'll soon silence the rabble and get them behind Obama 's Afghan surge !
" And so it was that , as I sipped my eggnog on Christmas day , I was shockingly unsurprised to read the headlines about an ' underwear bomb ' ( as shown above ) .
To adequately address the recent airline " terror attack " in Detroit and the airborne terror attacks in Yemen we must delve into the topsy turvey world of the ' war on terror ' , where black is white , up is down , and shady Middle Eastern - looking men and your knickers share equal rating on the US DHS threat - o - meter .
In short , it 's no easy task .
So first of all , let me say a few words about airports and the old and new airport " security measures " .
The nightmare that is modern commercial air travel started with 9/11 .
Before this date , air travel was reasonably civilized .
There were no long queues ( at least not after check in ) .
We just threw our hand luggage on the security belt , walked through the scanner and we were done .
After 9/11 however , every commercial airplane became a potential flying bomb and passengers and their hand luggage had to undergo more extensive searches .
In Dec 2001 , the theatrics of the clearly brain - washed Richard Reid , aka " the shoe bomber " added the common or garden shoe to the list of potential terrorist weapons .
Now , the equally bizarre antics of the young Nigerian Mr Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab has thrown our underwear into the mix .
Both shoe and knicker bomber attempted to use PETN ( a military explosive ) on their respective flights .
As a result , our shoes now go through scanners at airports and I can only presume that more invasive scanning of our lower torsos will also be mandated supposedly in an effort to prevent further knicker attacks .
The problem , however , is this : PETN , either in shoes or strapped to any part of the body , cannot be detected by airport scanners .
A chemical test is needed .
Unless authorities plan to drastically reconfigure the number and availability of international flights , there is no chance that chemical tests can be introduced for every passenger .
Hence we reach our first tentative conclusion ; that the billions of shoes that have been scanned at airports since 2001 , and the billions of pairs of underwear that will henceforth become objects of official scrutiny , have and will have had nothing to do with airport security or preventing terrorism .
So what 's it all about ?
Follow me now , as I metaphorically wade through the vast piles of manure that constitute the raw material for the official story of the latest ' terror attack ' .
The Christmas knicker bomber was not your usual disgruntled Arab or lowly Muslim acolyte .
He was the son of Nigerian banking mogul and former Nigerian government minister Alhaji Umaru Mutallab , one of the richest men in Africa .
We 're talking one of the African colonial elite here , an African version of the British " old boy 's network " While in London , his son , the knicker bomber lived in a ₤4 million apartment in Mansfield Street , in the city 's West End .
He also enjoyed access to visas for several different countries , including the US .
It is not surprising therefore to learn that the knicker bomber apparently received special treatment at Amsterdam airport before he boarded his flight to Detroit .
Eyewitness Kurt Haskell reported that a sharply dressed Indian man escorted him to the gate and told the attendant that the knicker bomber had no passport but needed to get on the flight .
The sharply dressed man was told that he would have to speak to the manager , which he apparently did and successfully got the young ' terrorist ' on board .
Now this requires some serious string pulling , and all the hoopla in the press about whether or not the security system worked is just hubris , because if the knicker bomber appeared at the gate without a passport , it is unlikely that he went through the normal process up to that point , including check in which requires passengers to show their passports .
In all probability he was escorted as a VI Pby the sharply dressed man .
So how do two suspicious looking terrorists , at least one of them without a passport , get to the gate in an airport and then onto the flight ?
The answer is they do n't unless they have some diplomatic credentials or high - level contacts in the airport .
Guess who runs the security at Amsterdam Schipol airport ?
ICTS of course !
the same Israeli owned security company that somehow managed to let the shoe bomber on his Miami flight in 2001 and several of those mythical hijackers who allegedly flew out of Boston 's Logan airport on 9/11 .
It is also useful to remember that the shoe bomber was cleared through ICTS and El Al security at Amsterdam airport on a flight to Tel Aviv in July 2001 for what was apparently an all - expenses paid week - long trip to the Israeli city .
What precisely he did there remains a mystery .
All of which leads us to our second tentative conclusion : the knicker bomber and his handler were not terrorists .
Of course , it all depends on who you think the real terrorists are ...
Thursday 's Supreme Court ruling in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , in which the Court struck down a blanket government prohibition on corporate political speech , is a wonderful decision that restores political speech to the primacy it was intended to have under the First Amendment .
To truly appreciate the stakes in Citizens United , one must remember the government 's legal position in the case .
Implicit in its briefs but laid bare at oral argument , the government maintained that the Constitution allows the government ...
The cartoon Green Dam Girl has been used to mock the internet filtering plan
An American company has filed a $ 2.2 bn ( £ 1.4 bn ) lawsuit in the US accusing Beijing of stealing lines of code from its internet filtering software .
Cybersitter is suing the Chinese government , two Chinese firms and seven PC makers over distribution of China 's Green Dam Youth Escort programme .
It accuses them of misappropriating trade secrets , unfair competition , copyright infringement and conspiracy .
China has tried to make all computer users have the site - blocking Green Dam .
Cybersitter 's lawsuit , filed in a federal court in Los Angeles , alleges that the Chinese makers of Green Dam illegally copied more than 3,000 lines of code from its filtering software .
No formal response from the Chinese government to the case has yet been reported .
The Chinese firm that made Green Dam , Jinhui Computer System Engineering Inc , has previously denied any wrongdoing .
' Strike a blow '
Cybersitter asserts that the manufacturers conspired with China 's leaders and computer manufacturers to distribute more than 56 million copies of the pirated software throughout China .
The California - based firm alleges that millions of copies were distributed even after manufacturers became aware that the programme 's content filters were stolen .
The lawsuit also alleges that the Chinese software makers broke US laws governing economic espionage and trade secrets .
" This lawsuit aims to strike a blow against the all - too - common practices of foreign software manufacturers and distributors who believe that they can violate the intellectual property rights of small American companies with impunity without being brought to justice in US courts , " Cybersitter attorney Greg Fayer said .
Public disapproval
From July , every PC sold in China was supposed to be supplied with the Green Dam Youth Escort software .
The software was created to stop people looking at " offensive " content such as pornographic or violent websites .
But widespread disapproval inside China , legal challenges and overseas criticism forced the Chinese government to backpedal on its policy .
Petitions calling for Green Dam to be scrapped have circulated widely and analysis has shown that it does a piecemeal job of stopping pornographic sites and inadvertently blocks sites dealing with sexual health issues .
Analysts at the University of Michigan found weaknesses in the URL , text and image filtering system and vulnerabilities in the software that made machines susceptible to being hijacked .
The canine long jump competition that ends with a soggy doggy
The competitors fly through the air with the greatest of ease before landing with a belly - flop in the water .
And they never stop wagging their tails .
Introducing the long jump for dogs - a sport which has been popular in the U.S. for years and is now gaining a pawhold in Britain .
Scroll down for video
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
The event usually involves the animal 's owner tossing a toy or tennis ball over a large pool of water .
The dog runs up a 30ft ramp and launches itself into the air in the hope of catching it .
Whichever pet jumps the farthest wins the prize .
The current British record holder is Dash , a labrador - pointer cross from Newmarket , Suffolk , with a leap of 28ft - not far short of the 29ft 41/2 in human world record .
Last year up to 700 dogs at a time entered six ' Dash ' n ' Splash ' contests held across southern England , and more events are planned for this summer .
The jumps are measured electronically and there is a supervisor in the 4ft - deep water to help the dog get out .
[ caption ]
Organiser Anton Wittwer said : ' There is a lot of noise and kids love to sit right next to the pool because they get wet .
The current British record holder is Dash , a labrador - pointer cross from Newmarket , Suffolk , with a leap of 28ft - not far short of the 29ft 41/2 in human world record .
Last year up to 700 dogs at a time entered six ' Dash ' n ' Splash ' contests held across southern England , and more events are planned for this summer .
The jumps are measured electronically and there is a supervisor in the 4ft - deep water to help the dog get out .
Organiser Anton Wittwer said : ' There is a lot of noise and kids love to sit right next to the pool because they get wet .
Evergreen Management Group provides comprehensive condominium management and homeowner association management services .
Bulletproof financial services , innovative technology and expert management services executed by our community management leaders have helped homeowners and board members create their ideal community living experience to communities in New Hampshire , Massachusetts and Vermont .
Backed by national support and an exceptional local team , Evergreen Management Group is equipped to help your community thrive .
To learn more , visit our office information section , read our reviews , or visit the Living Better Blog .
The vision of hi-tech British farming outlined this week by the UK government 's chief scientific adviser , Sir John Beddington , has been dismissed as unnecessary and potentially damaging by environmental groups and organic farmers .
In a speech to British farmers and the food industry on Wednesday , Beddington claimed there was a need for " a new and greener revolution " to increase food production .
He urged that genetic modification ( GM ) of crops and nanotechnology needed to be mobilised if catastrophic food shortages were to be avoided in the face of rising temperatures and global population .
" Techniques and technologies from many disciplines , ranging from biotechnology and engineering to newer fields such as nanotechnology will be needed , " he told the Oxford farming conference .
But the hi-tech strategy , known to be favoured by the environment secretary , Hilary Benn , and the government , came under attack by organisers of the Oxford Real Farming Conference , meeting in the city at the same time .
Here , academics , environment groups and others concluded that farmers were well able to feed the world without novel and untried technologies - but to do so would require governments to operate in line with biological principles and not solely economic ones .
" For decades politicians have starved agriculture of resources on the mistaken notion that the market would deliver a secure food supply , " said biologist and writer Colin Tudge .
" As a result tens of thousands of farmers have gone to the wall and Britain has been robbed of the skills it needs to feed the people . "
" The government has recognised that we 're now in trouble and are desperately pinning their hopes on untried GM technology to save us .
But scientists who truly understand agriculture know that this can't solve our food supply problems .
The real answer is to redesign agriculture from first principles .
But this time our prime objective must be feeding people , not making profits for large business corporations as now , " said Tudge .
Emma Hockridge , policy manager of the Soil Association , said Prof Beddington 's approach was not the best way forward .
" GM is not going to feed a growing world population sustainably , now or in the future .
We need far - reaching changes to our food and farming systems , rather than GM technology , which , despite millions in public and private research expenditure , has consistently failed to deliver food security . "
Martin Wolfe , the research director of Organic Research Centre , Elm Farm , said there were still many unanswered questions about GM crops and the monoculture systems they were designed for .
The only realistic way to maximise productivity was through " polycultures " in which a wide variety of crops and animals are integrated .
" The first priority for research and development should be for ecological agriculture , " he said .
" The dangerous obsession with GM crops must end , " said Helen Rimmer , of Friends of the Earth .
" The most comprehensive farming report ever conducted found no conclusive evidence that GM increases yields and called for a move away from damaging industrial farming .
The majority of GM crops are grown for animal feed , many on massive plantations that have replaced South American rainforests .
GM crops do n't feed the world - they simply make record profits for the big businesses that sell the patented seeds and chemicals needed to grow them . "
The chief scientific adviser for the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs , Bob Watson , has called for UK trials of GM foods , arguing that the government needs to be more open with the public about the risks and benefits of genetically modified foods .
" Over the next 20 to 50 years , the population is going to increase from 6.5 to 9 billion .
There will be more extreme weather , more demand for food , meat , and water , a changing climate , " said Watson in November .
" We have to look at all the technologies , policies and practices , all forms of bio-tech , including GM . "
Critics of GM point out that a UN - sponsored four - year review , involving more than 400 international scientists and chaired by Watson , concluded in 2007 that GM technologies were unlikely to have more than a limited role in tackling global hunger .
According to the Watson - led review , the scientific evidence on the claimed benefits of GM suggests they are variable , with increases in yield in some areas but decreases in others , and both greater and lesser pesticide use in different contexts .
The report concluded that global hunger is as much to do with power and control of the food system as with growing enough food .
The dominant statistic in the evaluation of goaltenders is save percentage .
A goalie with a high save percentage is considered good and a goalie with a low save percentage is bad .
Simple enough really .
Now , it 's quite obvious that the reality is somewhat more complicated than that .
One of the problems that we do n't often consider is the rather small spread between a good save percentage and a bad one .
Although there are players with more extreme save percentages I usually consider anything above .920 excellent and anything under .900 poor .
That 's only two goals every one hundred shots .
There 's an awful lot of things other than " goaltender skill " that can eat that difference .
After the jump we 'll take a look at one of those things , namely the distribution of shots in various game states .
The following chart should be rather self - explanatory .
I 've included every goaltender who has faced a minimum of 400 shots so far this season and broken down each one 's shots by the percentage faced in each game state .
Remembering that the average goalie has a save percentage around .915 when on the power play and at even strength but around .870 while penalty killing , it 's easy to see how shot distribution by game state might impact a goaltender 's overall numbers .
I 've listed the goalies who benefited from a favourable distribution first .
So there is actually a pretty wide spread with Martin Brodeur taking home the most favourable distribution without a problem .
The differences between teammates are also pretty interesting .
In Tampa you have Mike Smith near the very top and Antero Nittymaki in dead last .
I would assume that goaltenders have very little influence on these distributions and that they 're mostly a function of team skill .
If that 's the case , we have n't reached a sample size where that 's showing itself clearly .
So what difference does this make on overall save percentage ?
Well , if we take the numbers for an average goaltender and give him Martin Brodeur 's shot distribution his overall save percentage would be at .909 .
If we give the same goaltender Antero Nittymaki 's shot distribution his overall save percentage would be .904 .
A .005 shift in save percentage at the extremes is both not much and quite a bit .
It means that for most goalies the effect will be small but that when we 're comparing two guys near the margins ( say Bryzgalov and Miller for the Vezina trophy ) it could make a substantial difference .
We 've looked at save percentage here but a higher distribution of shots on the PK will also have an impact on the other prominent goaltending statistic , goals against average .
When we 're making comparisons between goalies I think it 's worthwhile to take into consideration .
Nonetheless , the effect is still small .
To illustrate this I 'll use an example from the Edmonton Oilers .
Jeff Deslauriers currently has the fifth most favourable distribution out of the 45 goalies who meet the criteria .
Right now his overall save percentage is .906 but if we take his .913 EV save percentage and his .873 PK save percentage and plug them into J - S Giguere 's shot distribution ( he 's had the fifth least favourable distribution ) then his overall save percentage drops modestly to .904 .
On the one hand , this is a small difference .
On the other hand this is 10 % of the difference between an excellent goaltender and a bad one .
Such is the nature of goaltender evaluation where the difference between poor and excellent is so small .
NEW DELHI : No prizes for guessing which country is going to eat its heart out over this .
A domestic poll in Afghanistan commissioned by international agencies has found that an astonishing 71 % of Afghans believe that India , among all countries active in the country , is playing the most positive role in the rehabilitation of Afghanistan .
In a double whammy for Pakistan , only 2 % of the 1,500 Afghans who participated in the poll voted in favour of Pakistan .
In fact , the Taliban fared better with 3 % .
The poll , held by Afghan Centre for Socio Economic and Opinion Research and commissioned by agencies like BBC , ABC and German TV ARD , cut across all ethnic and geographical divides .
The poll was carried out in all 43 provinces between December 11 and 23 last year .
India was followed by Germany ( 59 % ) , the US ( 51 % ) , Iran ( 50 % ) and Britain ( 39 % ) .
For India , it 's recognition of the massive aid and relief work which it has carried out in Afghanistan even in the face of stiff opposition by Pakistan which has used its clout with the US to raise doubts over India 's relief work .
India has pledged over $ 1.2 billion for a wide array of reconstruction activities ranging from education to building roads , bridges , power stations to digging tubewells and grassroot development projects .
This obviously has generated a lot of goodwill among ordinary Afghans for India .
The poll has called Pakistan 's bluff categorically dismissing Islamabad 's contention that India 's growing profile in Afghanistan was part of the problem , and not the solution .
It 's based on in - person interviews with a random national sample of 1,534 Afghan adults during that period .
The poll also brought to the fore the growing unpopularity of the Taliban in Afghanistan with only 6 % of people polled saying they favoured a Taliban administration .
Ninety per cent said they wanted their country run by the current government .
A Gallup poll last year in November had said that 56 % preferred India 's role in the reconstruction of the country , while 51 % preferred the UN , 44 % Nato , 30 % Pakistan and 42 % Iran .
Pointing out that India is the largest regional donor in Afghanistan , the poll report said , " The country 's increasing visibility in reconstruction and development efforts is evident in the roles Afghans see the country as playing and think India should play . "
The Gallup data further showed that one in seven Afghans identified India 's current role in economic development and said India should continue to play this role .
I ’ve been blogging away over at my new blog at Next New Deal , come join me over there !
Here ’s the new rss feed .
I might post here once in a great while , m ...
8 years ago
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
While the recession has battered many U.S. software companies , Red Hat ( s RHT ) — which has staked its future on open - source Linux software , virtualization and cloud computing — has flourished .
The company has a number of secrets behind its success , some of them unique .
Throughout the recession , Red Hat delivered quarter after quarter of profit and revenue growth , including in the most recent three - month period ; it has also built up $ 1 billion in cash and attracted large companies such as The Gap to standardize on its Linux - based enterprise platform .
And the stock market has rewarded Red Hat steadily , as seen below :
So how has Red Hat consistently done so well during such punishing times ?
CEO Jim Whitehurst , the former Delta Airlines chief who joined the Raleigh , N.C. - based company in January of 2008 , has kept it focused on a number of offbeat strategies , the most significant of which include :
Open Source Tackles the Cost Crunch .
IT departments have had their budgets shaved to razor - thin levels , but Red Hat ’s open - source enterprise Linux , middleware , virtualization and other solutions strip out many up - front costs from companies that want to transition to its platforms .
Red Hat Sells Support — Well .
Instead of the traditional strategy of selling expensive proprietary software licenses , as practiced by the Microsofts and Oracles of the world , Red Hat gets the vast majority of its revenues from selling support contracts .
In the third quarter of last year , support subscriptions accounted for $ 164 million of its $ 194 million in revenue , up 21 percent year - over - year .
All 25 of the company ’s largest support subscribers renewed subscriptions , even despite a higher price tag .
In the meantime , several startups have been following Red Hat ’s lead ( GigaOM Pro , subscription required ) , among them :
Cloudera , which sells subscription support for the open - source Hadoop platform , for querying large data sets .
Acquia , which sells subscription support for the increasingly popular open - source Drupal content management system ( CMS ) .
( Many newspapers and publishers are deploying Drupal for online publishing . )
Eucalyptus Systems , which provides support , training and services for the open - source Eucalyptus cloud computing platform .
Eucalyptus is aiming to serve companies that want to customize private and public cloud offerings .
Other Income .
IBMer and open - source software pundit Savio Rodrigues published a highly interesting report last year on Red Hat , titled “ Is Red Hat a Software Firm or Financial Institution ? ”
In it , he noted that for two years running , nearly 50 percent of Red Hat ’s income before taxes was classified in financial reports as “ Other Income . ”
In other words , a substantial portion of Red Hat ’s earnings comes from outside its core software - and - support business .
Upon closer inspection , Rodrigues determined that Red Hat generates the lion ’s share of the “ Other Income ” from conservative fixed - income investments and some equity investments .
He also provided a data set showing how Red Hat ’s “ Other Income ” compares to that of other large U.S. software companies , a portion of which is shown below .
Oddly , the fact that steady profits on fixed - income investments have kept Red Hat ’s overall results consistent throughout the recession is rarely cited in analysis of its quarterly reports :
Linux On the Desktop ?
Fuggeddaboudit .
Linux , which is at the core of Red Hat ’s software strategy , has never been a huge success on the desktop , and especially not on the business desktop .
Red
Hat officials have shrewdly maintained that desktop Linux is not a core focus for the company , but that virtualization and the facilitation of desktop and cloud operating systems applications are .
While Red Hat has remained remarkably consistent and profitable , a rosy future is n’t guaranteed .
It is frequently cited as an acquisition target , with VMware ( s vmw ) and Oracle ( s orcl ) noted as possible buyers , but its stock market success has caused it to trade at a very high multiple .
As noted above , it also depends heavily on successful investments , returns for which may or may not stay consistent .
And there are those who question whether heavy enterprise dependency on Linux makes long - term sense .
Yet so far the company ’s unusual business approaches have made it a success .
So while many in the open source community have noted that Oracle ’s acquisition of Sun Microsystems ( s java ) , which was approved by European regulators yesterday , will leave Novell ( s novl ) and Red Hat as the only independent , public U.S. software companies focused primarily on open source left standing , Red Hat has proven that open source does n’t mean closed business opportunities .
Top image courtesy of Red Hat Press .
Python 2.7.0
Note : A bugfix release , 2.7.16 , is currently available .
Its use is recommended .
Python 2.7.0 was released on July 3rd , 2010 .
Python 2.7 is scheduled to be the last major version in the 2.x series before it moves into an extended maintenance period .
This release contains many of the features that were first released in Python 3.1 .
Improvements in this release include :
An ordered dictionary type
New unittest features including test skipping , new assert methods , and test discovery
A much faster io module
Automatic numbering of fields in the str.format ( ) method
Float repr improvements backported from 3.x
Tile support for Tkinter
A backport of the memoryview object from 3.x
Set literals
Set and dictionary comprehensions
Dictionary views
New syntax for nested with statements
The sysconfig module
See these resources for further information :
NEW YORK — Shares of big banks dropped Thursday , led by Morgan Stanley , as President Barack Obama proposed a plan to limit their size and the risks they can take on .
The proposal marks the administration 's latest assault on Wall Street in what could mark a return — at least in spirit — to some of the curbs on finance put in place during the Great Depression , according to congressional sources and administration officials .
The White House plan , backed by former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker , would prevent commercial banks and institutions that own banks from owning and investing in hedge funds and private - equity firms , and limit the trading they do for their own accounts .
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , which makes most of its money from trading , could be particularly hurt by that , because if that trading is limited , it could hurt earnings , Raymond James analyst Anthony Polini said .
Bank bonds also weakened as the government 's proposal to limit large banks ' size and risk - taking outweighed a strong earnings report from Goldman Sachs .
An auction for the rights to develop Venezuela 's 14.7 trillion cubic foot Mariscal Sucre natural gas project ended Friday night without a single bidder , even after terms were improved .
Perhaps it had something to do with all the recent expropriations of private companies ' assets by the Chavez regime .
Reuters :
The government this month improved the conditions it was offering companies to help develop the project , but in the end nobody came forward , private sector sources close to the process said on Monday .
State oil company PDVSA has yet to announce the results .
Last year PDVSA invited a group of companies including Japan 's Marubeni ( 8002.T ) , Mitsui , Mitsubishi and Itochu , Norway 's Statoil ( STL.OL ) , Russia 's Gazprom and Italy 's ENI ( ENI .
MI ) to consider taking part in the project .
Spain 's Repsol ( REP.MC ) had also shown interest but did not make an offer .
Add my twitter : @vincefernando
This is the very first draft , with the 5 most recent posts of the blogs being polled .
No categorization built in , no sorting or ordering of blogs .
Those should be features which come later .
A parlament hétfő éjszakai döntése értelmében jövő júniustól egy ember egy évben csak egyszer vehet fel éven belüli lejáratú kölcsönt , például személyi kölcsönt .
A képviselők limitálták a felvehető hitel összegét is , a maximum 250 ezer forint lett .
A csúszás ellenére a bankok a maguk javára nem módosítják egyoldal úan a hitelszerződéseket .
Csak büntetlen előéletű sportoló kaphat életjáradékot .
A biztosító csak számláért fizeti az autó javítását .
Az erről szóló , az egyes pénzügyi tárgy ú törvények módosításához benyújtott módosító indítványt az Országgyűlés a kormány ellenében fogadta el hétfőn .
A törvényjavaslat zárószavazása várhatóan jövő héten lesz .
Az elfogadott indítvány szerint a pénzügyi intézmény egy naptári évben ugyanannak az ügyfélnek egy alkalommal nyújthat olyan kölcsönt , amelynek teljes hiteldíj mutatója meghaladja a hatvanöt százalékot és összege nem haladja meg a kétszázötvenezer forintot .
A kölcsön lejárata egy alkalommal legfeljebb hat hónappal hosszabbítható meg .
Egy másik , a kormány által nem támogatott , de elfogadott SZDSZ - es javaslat pedig jelentősen lecsökkenti a bankkártyás fizetések tranzakciós díjait .
A kiskeresked ő által a pénzintézetnek fizetett díj a jelenlegi egy százalékról az indítvány szerint 0,3 százalékra csökken .
Az MTI úgy tudja , ez nem a végleges formája a tranzakciós díjra vonatkozó szabályozásnak , azt az MSZP a zárószavazás előtt még módosító indítvánnyal " tovább csiszolja " .
( Apologies for the formatting ; I 'm typing this on a netbook with a tiny keyboard . )
Last Friday , Amazon.com unilaterally pulled most or all of Macmillan 's books ( edit : including all paper editions , not just electronic ) from their online store .
( You can still find them via afilliates or second - hand stores , but Amazon themselves wo n't sell them to you .
Note that this only affects me via my Merchant Princes books — published by Tor , a Macmillan subsidiary — in the US Amazon store .
My Ace titles are safe ... for now . )
This whole mess is basically about duelling supply chain models .
Publishing is made out of pipes .
Traditionally the supply chain ran : author -> publisher -> wholesaler -> bookstore -> consumer .
Then the internet came along , a communications medium the main effect of which is to disintermediate indirect relationships , for example by collapsing supply chains with lots of middle - men .
From the point of view of the public , to whom they sell , Amazon is a bookstore .
From the point of view of the publishers , from whom they buy , Amazon is a wholesaler .
From the point of view of Jeff Bezos ' bank account , Amazon is the entire supply chain and should take that share of the cake that formerly went to both wholesalers and booksellers .
They do this by buying wholesale and selling retail , taking up to a 70 % discount from the publishers and selling for whatever they can get .
Their stalking horse for this is the Kindle publishing platform ; they 're trying to in - source the publisher by asserting contractual terms that mean the publisher is n't merely selling them books wholesale , but is sublicencing the works to be republished via the Kindle publishing platform .
Publishers sublicensing rights is SOP in the industry , but not normally handled this way -- and it allows Amazon to grab another chunk of the supply chain if they get away with it , turning the traditional publishers into vestigial editing / marketing appendages .
The agency model Apple proposed -- and that publishers like Macmillan enthusiastically endorse -- collapses the supply chain in a different direction , so it looks like : author -> publisher -> fixed - price distributor -> reader .
In this model Amazon is shoved back into the box labelled ' fixed - price distributor ' and get to take the retail cut only .
Meanwhile : fewer supply chain links mean lower overheads and , ultimately , cheaper books without cutting into the authors or publishers profits .
Amazon are going to fight this one ruthlessly because if the publishers win , it destroys the profitability of their business and pushes prices down .
( Note that Amazon have been trying to grab a larger share of the cake by dipping into the publishers -- and the authors -- share of what meagre profits there are ( book publishing is notoriously , uniquely unprofitable , within the media world ) , even though they 've already got the wholesale and retail supply chains stitched up .
Their buy wholesale / sell retail model screws publishers ' ability to manage their cash flow and tends to induce price wars on the supply side , which is okay if we 're talking widgets with a range of competing suppliers , but books are individually unique products and the industry already runs on alarmingly narrow margins : this is n't the music or movie biz . )
Now , as to pricing and DRM -- those issues are entirely irrelevant -- at least at this stage of affairs .
They 're different battles .
For what it 's worth , the ePub format Apple , Sony , Baen , and everybody except Amazon are going with does n't mandate DRM ( although it provides an optional vendor - specified DRM layer ) .
The DRM push comes from the board level of the corporations who own both the book publishers and the music vendors , and individual editors and publishers know it 's crap .
This is a battle that 'll be lost or won within the publishers .
Pricing ... we sell books by reverse auction , most expensive editions first , then cheaper editions , then mass market , until we get to the remainder shelves .
What any sane publisher would like to do is to get away from the current crude fixed - price points -- a system they can't do anything about right now because it 's locked in via the wholesale / retail distribution model -- and get round to flexible pricing on books : start selling high , then drop the price incrementally with much higher granularity than is currently possible .
Such a system would allow them to get a lock on the price elasticity of demand , and thus work out the price point at which they can maximize book sales .
A fixed - percentage agency model ( distributor takes a flat 30 or 35 % , whatever the price , while the price is set by the publisher ) lets them do that .
It 's interesting to note that unlike the music industry who had to be pushed , the big publishers seem to be willing to grab a passing lifeline .
Final note : to customers , Amazon would like to be a monopoly ( i.e. the only store in town ) .
To suppliers , Amazon would like to be a monopsony ( i.e. the only customer in town ) .
Their goal is to profit via arbitrage , and if they can achieve those twin goals they will own everyubody 's nuts -- the authors , the customers , everyone .
They are , in fact , exactly the kind of middle - man operation that the internet tends to squish , gooily .
And if you think things would be different if I , Charlie Stross , went into self - publishing and sold my wares directly without any icky publisher to ' help ' me ... do you really think I 'd get better terms out of Amazon than a huge publishing conglomerate ?
Whether this means Macmillan is any better placed to adapt to the post - internet order is an entirely separate issue which I can't begin to address here .
But Amazon , in declaring war on Macmillan in this underhand way , have screwed me , and I tend to take that personally , because they did n't need to do that .
[ Edit ] : Just before Apple announced the iPad and the agency deal for ebooks , Amazon pre-empted by announcing an option for publishing ebooks in which they would graciously reduce their cut from 70 % to 30 % , " same as Apple " .
From a distance this looks competitive , but the devil is in the small print ; to get the 30 % rate , you have to agree that Amazon is a publisher , license your rights to Amazon to publish through the Kindle platform , guarantee that you will not allow other ebook editions to sell for less than the Kindle price , and let Amazon set that price , with a ceiling of $ 9.99 .
In other words , Amazon choose how much to pay you , while using your books to undercut any possible rivals ( including the paper editions you still sell ) .
It should n't surprise anyone that the major publishers do n't think very highly of this offer ... [ / Edit ]
And more : Here 's Tobias Buckell 's take on the situation , for a different angle .
Distributed Ruby with the MagLev VM
GemStone team made a splash with MagLev at RailsConf ‘ 08 where they attracted a fair dose of attention from the attendees .
Based on an existing GemStone / Smalltalk VM , it promised a lot of inherent advantages : 64 - bit , JIT , years of VM optimizations , and built - in persistence and distribution layers .
Since then the team has been making steady progress , which recently resulted in the announcement of the first public alpha .
In fact , the project appears to be on track for 1.0 status later this year , alongside with IronRuby , MacRuby , and Rubinius .
However , while the initial focus centered around the potential speed improvements offered by the VM , it is the persistence and distribution aspects of the runtime which make it stand out - if it happens to be faster , so much the better .
Based on the Smalltalk VM , it offers integrated persistence ( with ACID semantics ) and distribution .
In other words , you can treat MagLev as a distributed database that is capable of running Ruby code and storing native Ruby bytecode internally .
Now that ’s a mouthful , let ’s see what it actually means .
MagLev VM : Features & Limitations
The goal of the GemStone team is to write as much of MagLev as possible in Ruby ( the standard libraries , the parser , etc ) , which has already resulted in some good collaboration and synergies with the Rubinius project .
As of the first public beta release , the project passes over 27,900 RubySpecs , features a pure ruby parser ( slightly modified fork of ruby_parser ) , and runs RubyGems 1.3.5 out of the box .
Popular gems such as rack , sinatra , and minitest all run unmodified , and there is even work on FFI support for C and Smalltalk extensions .
The end goal is full RubySpec compatibility , support for Ruby 1.9 , and of course , running Rails - a stripped down version was demoed at RailsConf ‘ 09 , but more work still needs to be done to make it fully compatible .
The VM also ships with a MySQL driver , which means that you can use MagLev as any other Ruby runtime to power your applications , or , you could leverage the built - in persistence API ’s .
MagLev has a distinctly different VM architecture which allows it to persist and share both code and data between multiple runtimes and execution cycles , all through a straight - forward Ruby API !
Incidentally , this is also the reason for lack of support of several ObjectSpace methods ( garbage_collect , each_object ) , as the enumeration could potentially mean retrieving gigabytes of persistent objects .
To get started , install MagLev via RVM , or follow the simple instructions on the wiki .
MagLev VM
Architecture
The first thing you will notice about working with MagLev is that before you can run the interpreter , you will have to launch the MagLev service itself ( maglev start ) .
Turns out , unlike other Ruby VM’s , all of the core Ruby classes , and all other persisted code and data actually lives in a separate “ stone ” process .
The VM’s ( “ gems ” ) , connect to the stone and retrieve all of their data from this service .
Ruby classes are stored as bytecode in the stone server , which is transported via shared memory for local connections , and via optimized binary protocol for remote connections , to the local interpreter and then compiled down to native machine code .
This is how object persistence is made possible in MagLev : the stone server is a standalone process that acts as a database for your Ruby bytecode !
The added advantage is that the stone server supports full ACID semantics , which means that multiple processes can interact with the same repository and share state , objects , and code .
A simple example of sharing data between multiple runs :
# persist a string in the stone server Maglev :: PERSISTENT_ROOT
[ : hello ] = " world " Maglev .
commit_transaction # $ maglev- ruby -e 'p Maglev:: MAGLEV_PERSISTENT_ROOT [ : hello ] '
# > " world "
That covers a simple key - value example , but Maglev is also capable of transparently persisting entire object graphs without any data - modeling impedance mismatch :
graph_node =<<- EOS class Graph def initialize ; @nodes = [ ] ; end def push ( node ) ; @nodes .
push node ; end end class Node ; end EOS # commit Graph class 's bytecode into stone server # - can also load external file : load ' class.rb '
Maglev .
persistent { eval graph_node } # build a simple in memory graph g = Graph .
new g . push Node .
new g . push Node .
new # commit in - memory graph to stone server Maglev :: PERSISTENT_ROOT
[ : data ] = g Maglev .
commit_transaction
############################
# in different process / VM : graph = Maglev :: PERSISTENT_ROOT
[ : data ] puts graph .
inspect # > #< Graph:0xa205f01 @nodes=[#< Node:0xa202d01 > , #< Node:0xa202c01 > ] >
maglev - GemStone Maglev Ruby Repository
Instead of using an ORM to map Ruby classes to rows or documents in a database , you can simply store the objects directly in the stone server and interact with them through multiple processes , all without any extra conversions or additional infrastructure .
The only caveat is that you would have to build your own indexing structures to power search and lookups beyond the key - value semantics .
The KD - Tree example is a great showcase of the power and flexibility this can enable .
MagLev at Scale & In - Production
While the “ stone ” server persists all the core Ruby classes and any additional data , the VM ’s ( “ gems ” ) are not free .
According to the documentation , each VM takes ~30 Mb of memory at boot time and starts growing from there .
On the other hand , the shared memory communication is extremely efficient , which means that hundreds of VM ’s can be run in parallel on a single box .
GemStone claims production deployments of their Smalltalk VM on 64 -128 core machines with up to 512GB RAM , running hundreds of concurrent VM’s , and achieving over 10 K transactions per second ( TPS ) on their “ stone ” servers - impressive numbers !
With the new Smalltalk VM ( 3.0 ) on the horizon and years of production optimization and research , MagLev is definitely a project to watch .
GemStone team has recently started a blog , opened up a Google group , and are starting to produce some great content to help Rubyists leverage their platform .
What is missing now are the deployments , case studies , and new frameworks that can leverage all of these features - though , I ’m sure , that will come .
It was just announced that 17 major television networks and studios and 7 talent agencies today settled 19 of the 23 class action lawsuits filed in 2002 alleging intentional and unintentional age discrimination in the selection and representation of older television writers .
The amount of the settlement is $ 70 million — the largest - ever settlement in the history of age discrimination litigation .
( Today ’s settlement , along with the 2 cases that were settled earlier this year for $ 4.5 millioncluding interest . )
All but one of the cases now ends for the Television Writers Age Discrimination Litigation , which named 51 defendants , including the major TV networks , production companies and eleven talent agencies .
The lone holdout is the litigation still against Creative Artists Agency ( CAA ) .
The announcement is being made jointly by the defendants and Paul Sprenger of Washington DC ’s Sprenger +
Lang , who was lead counsel for the 165 named plaintiffs and the settlement classes .
Here ’s more :
The settlement is subject to final approval by the California Superior Court in and for the County of Los Angeles .
The defendants strongly deny the plaintiffs ’ allegations and state that their hiring and / or representation practices fully comply with the law and reflect their commitment to equal employment opportunity .
They also note that they all have long - standing anti-discrimination policies and regularly employ or represent substantial numbers of writers over the age of forty .
The parties have been litigating these claims for almost ten years , including several appeals to the California Court of Appeal and the California Supreme Court .
The defendant networks and production companies ( including ABC , CBS , FOX , NBC , The WB , UPN , Columbia TriStar Television , Inc. , DW SKG TV L.L.C. , Universal Media Studios , Regency Television , Spelling Television , The Carsey - Werner Company LLC , Touchstone Television , Twentieth Century Fox Television , and Warner Bros. Television ) and the defendant talent agencies ( APA , The Endeavor Agency , The Gersh Agency , Paradigm Talent & Literary Agency , Shapiro - Lichtman , UTA , and the William Morris Agency LLC ) have agreed , subject to court approval , collectively to pay a total of $ 70 million to settle all claims against them and their affiliated companies , including class members ’ alleged damages , costs and attorneys ’ fees .
Approximately $ 2.5 million of this total settlement amount will be used to create a Fund for the Future , which will issue grants and loans to settlement class members to further their writing careers and study ways to supplement their pensions and improve access to medical insurance .
Approximately two - thirds of the $ 70 million settlement payment will be paid by insurance carriers .
The settlement provides a process for settlement class members to apply for an allocated cash distribution from the settlement fund .
The Fund for the Future , which will be governed by a board composed of settlement class members , will issue grants and loans for approved projects on a competitive basis .
“ I speak for all class counsel in recommending that all settlement class members accept the settlement .
We are honored to represent a distinguished and talented group of clients and class members , ” stated Sprenger .
Plaintiffs and the settlement classes were also represented by , among others , the law firms of Sprenger & Lang , PLLC , Kator Parks & Weiser , PLLC , Law Office of Daniel Wolf , Schwartz , Steinsapir , Dohrmann & Sommers LLP , the AARP Foundation Litigation , Katz , Marshall & Banks , and Blecher & Collins .
“ We were fully prepared to oppose class certification and would have prevailed at trial if necessary , ” said Seth E. Pierce , of Mitchell Silberberg & Knupp LLP , Defendants ’ Liaison Counsel .
“ But with years of disruptive litigation remaining , and all networks and major television studios and talent agencies participating in the settlement , it made sense to bring these protracted cases to a close . ”
For more information about this settlement , please visit the Claims Administrator website at http://www.TVWritersSettlementAdmin.com or Plaintiffs ’ litigation website http://www.TVWritersCounsel.com.
The AARP Foundation Litigation issued this statement ( edited ) :
HAITI is everybody 's cherished tragedy .
Long before the great earthquake struck the country like a vengeful god , the outside world , and Americans especially , described , defined , marked Haiti most of all by its suffering .
Epithets of misery clatter after its name like a ball and chain : Poorest country in the Western Hemisphere .
One of the poorest on earth .
For decades Haiti's formidable immiseration has made it among outsiders an object of fascination , wonder and awe .
Sometimes the pity that is attached to the land — and we see this increasingly in the news coverage this past week — attains a tone almost sacred , as if Haiti has taken its place as a kind of sacrificial victim among nations , nailed in its bloody suffering to the cross of unending destitution .
And yet there is nothing mystical in Haiti 's pain , no inescapable curse that haunts the land .
From independence and before , Haiti's harms have been caused by men , not demons .
Act of nature that it was , the earthquake last week was able to kill so many because of the corruption and weakness of the Haitian state , a state built for predation and plunder .
Recovery can come only with vital , even heroic , outside help ; butsuch help , no matter how inspiring the generosity it embodies , will do little to restore Haiti unless it addresses , as countless prior interventions built on transports of sympathy have not , the manmade causes that lie beneath the Haitian malady .
In 1804 the free Republic of Haiti was declared in almost unimaginable triumph : hard to exaggerate the glory of that birth .
Hundreds of thousands of enslaved Africans had labored to make Saint - Domingue , as Haiti was then known , the richest colony on earth , a vastly productive slave - powered factory producing tons upon tons of sugar cane , the 18th - century 's great cash crop .
For pre-Revolutionary France , Haiti was an inexhaustible cash cow , floating much of its economy .
Generation after generation , the second sons of the great French families took ship for Saint - Domingue to preside over the sugar plantations , enjoy the favors of enslaved African women and make their fortunes .
Even by the standards of the day , conditions in Saint - Domingue 's cane fields were grisly and brutal ; slaves died young , and in droves ; they had few children .
As exports of sugar and coffee boomed , imports of fresh Africans boomed with them .
So by the time the slaves launched their great revolt in 1791 , most of those half - million blacks had been born in Africa , spoke African languages , worshipped African gods .
In an immensely complex decade - long conflict , these African slave - soldiers , commanded by legendary leaders like Toussaint Louverture and Jean - Jacques Dessalines , defeated three Western armies , including the unstoppable superpower of the day , Napoleonic France .
In an increasingly savage war — " Burn houses !
Cut off heads !" was the slogan of Dessalines — the slaves murdered their white masters , or drove them from the land .
On Jan. 1 , 1804 , when Dessalines created the Haitian flag by tearing the white middle from the French tricolor , he achieved what even Spartacus could not : he had led to triumph the only successful slave revolt in history .
Haiti became the world 's first independent black republic and the second independent nation in the Western Hemisphere .
Alas , the first such republic , the United States , despite its revolutionary creed that " all men are created equal , " looked upon these self - freed men with shock , contempt and fear .
Indeed , to all the great Western trading powers of the day — much of whose wealth was built on the labor of enslaved Africans — Haiti stood as a frightful example of freedom carried too far .
American slaveholders desperately feared that Haiti's fires of revolt would overleap those few hundred miles of sea and inflame their own human chattel .
For this reason , the United States refused for nearly six decades even to recognize Haiti .
( Abraham Lincoln finally did so in 1862 . )
Along with the great colonial powers , America instead rewarded Haiti 's triumphant slaves with a suffocating trade embargo — and a demand that in exchange for peace the fledgling country pay enormous reparations to its former colonial overseer .
Having won their freedom by force of arms , Haiti 's former slaves would be made to purchase it with treasure .
The new nation , its fields burned , its plantation manors pillaged , its towns devastated by apocalyptic war , was crushed by the burden of these astronomical reparations , payments that , in one form or another , strangled its economy for more than a century .
It was in this dark aftermath of war , in the shadow of isolation and contempt , that Haiti 's peculiar political system took shape , mirroring in distorted form , like a wax model placed too close to the fire , the slave society of colonial times .
At its apex , the white colonists were supplanted by a new ruling class , made up largely of black and mulatto officers .
Though these groups soon became bitter political rivals , they were as one in their determination to maintain in independent Haiti the cardinal principle of governance inherited from Saint - Domingue : the brutal predatory extraction of the country 's wealth by a chosen powerful few .
The whites on their plantations had done this directly , exploiting the land they owned with the forced labor of their slaves .
But the slaves had become soldiers in a victorious revolution , and those who survived demanded as their reward a part of the rich land on which they had labored and suffered .
Soon after independence most of the great plantations were broken up , given over to the former slaves , establishing Haiti as a nation of small landowners , one whose isolated countryside remained , in language , religion and culture , largely African .
Unable to replace the whites in their plantation manors , Haiti's new elite moved from owning the land to fighting to control the one institution that could tax its products : the government .
While the freed slaves worked their small fields , the powerful drew off the fruits of their labor through taxes .
In this disfigured form the colonial philosophy endured : ruling had to do not with building or developing the country but with extracting its wealth .
" Pluck the chicken , " proclaimed Dessalines — now Emperor Jacques I — " but do n't make it scream . " 
In 1806 , two years after independence , the emperor was bayoneted by a mostly mulatto cabal of officers .
Haitian history became the immensely complex tale of factional struggles to control the state , with factions often defined by an intricate politics of skin color .
There was no method of succession ultimately recognized as legitimate , no tradition of loyal opposition .
Politics was murderous , operatic , improvisational .
Instability alternated with autocracy .
The state was battled over and won ; Haiti's wealth , once seized , purchased allegiance — but only for a time .
Fragility of rule and uncertainty of tenure multiplied the imperative to plunder .
Unseated rulers were sometimes killed , more often exiled , but always their wealth — that part of it not sent out of the country — was pillaged in its turn .
In 1915 the whites returned : the United States Marines disembarked to enforce continued repayment of the original debt and to put an end to an especially violent struggle for power that , in the shadow of World War I and German machinations in the Caribbean , suddenly seemed to threaten American interests .
During their nearly two decades of rule , the Americans built roads and bridges , centralized the Haitian state — setting the stage for the vast conurbation of greater Port - au - Prince that we see today in all its devastation — and sent Haitians abroad to be educated as agronomists and doctors in the hope of building a more stable middle class .
Still , by the time they finally left , little in the original system had fundamentally changed .
Haitian nationalism , piqued by the reappearance of white masters who had forced Haitians to work in road gangs , produced the noiriste movement that finally brought to power in 1957 Franí§ois Duvalier , the most brilliant and bloody of Haiti 's dictators , who murdered tens of thousands while playing adroitly on cold - war America 's fear of communism to win American acceptance .
Duvalier 's epoch , which ended with the overthrow of his son Jean - Claude in 1986 , ushered in Haiti 's latest era of instability , which has seen , in barely a quarter - century , several coups and revolutions , a handful of elections ( aborted , rigged and , occasionally , fair ) , a second American occupation ( whose accomplishments were even more ephemeral than the first ) and , all told , a dozen Haitian rulers .
Less and less money now comes from the land , for Haiti 's topsoil has grown enfeebled from overproduction and lack of investment .
Aid from foreigners , nations or private organizations , has largely supplanted it : under the Duvaliers Haiti became the great petri dish of foreign aid .
A handful of projects have done lasting good ; many have been self - serving and even counterproductive .
All have helped make it possible , by lifting basic burdens of governance from Haiti 's powerful , for the predatory state to endure .
The struggle for power has not ended .
Nor has Haiti's historic proclivity for drama and disaster .
Undertaken in their wake , the world 's interventions — military and civilian , and accompanied as often as not by a grand missionary determination to " rebuild Haiti " — have had as their single unitary principle their failure to alter what is most basic in the country , the reality of a corrupt state and the role , inadvertent or not , of outsiders in collaborating with it .
The sound of Haiti 's suffering is deafening now but behind it one can hear already a familiar music begin to play .
Haiti must be made new .
This kind of suffering so close to American shores cannot be countenanced .
The other evening I watched a television correspondent shake his head over what he movingly described as a " stupid death " — a death that , but for the right medical care , could have been prevented .
" It does n't have to happen , " he told viewers .
" People died today who did not need to die .
" He did not say what any Haitian could have told him : that the day before , and the day before that , Haiti had seen hundreds of such " stupid deaths , " and , over the centuries , thousands more .
What has changed , once again , and only for a time , is the light shone on them , and the volume of the voices demanding that a " new Haiti " must now be built so they never happen again .
Whether they can read or not , Haiti 's people walk in history , and live in politics .
They are independent , proud , fiercely aware of their own singularity .
What distinguishes them is a tradition of heroism and a conviction that they are and will remain something distinct , apart — something you can hear in the Creole spoken in the countryside , or the voodoo practiced there , traces of the Africa that the first generation of revolutionaries brought with them on the middle passage .
Haitians have grown up in a certain kind of struggle for individuality and for power , and the country has proved itself able to absorb the ardent attentions of outsiders who , as often as not , remain blissfully unaware of their own contributions to what Haiti is .
Like the ruined bridges strewn across the countryside — one of the few traces of the Marines and their occupation nearly a century ago — these attentions tend to begin in evangelical zeal and to leave little lasting behind .
What might , then ?
America could start by throwing open its markets to Haitian agricultural produce and manufactured goods , broadening and making permanent the provisions of a promising trade bill negotiated in 2008 .
Such a step would not be glamorous ; it would not " remake Haiti .
" But it would require a lasting commitment by American farmers and manufacturers and , as the country heals , it would actually bring permanent jobs , investment and income to Haiti .
Second , the United States and other donors could make a formal undertaking to ensure that the vast amounts that will soon pour into the country for reconstruction go not to foreigners but to Haitians — and not only to Haitian contractors and builders but to Haitian workers , at reasonable wages .
This would put real money in the hands of many Haitians , not just a few , and begin to shift power away from both the rapacious government and the well - meaning and too often ineffectual charities that seek to circumvent it .
The world 's greatest gift would be to make it possible , and necessary , for Haitians — all Haitians — to rebuild Haiti .
Putting money in people 's hands will not make Haiti 's predatory state disappear .
But in time , with rising incomes and a concomitant decentralization of power , it might evolve .
In coming days much grander ambitions are sure to be declared , just as more scenes of disaster and disorder will transfix us , more stunning and colorful images of irresistible calamity .
We will see if the present catastrophe , on a scale that dwarfs all that have come before , can do anything truly to alter the reality of Haiti .
Mark Danner is the author , most recently , of " Stripping Bare the Body : Politics , Violence , War , " which chronicles political conflict in Haiti , the Balkans , Iraq and the United States .
Most people will be disappointed , but probably not surprised , at the CommSec report .
However , what would the result be if such reports measured wellbeing rather than simple economic growth ?
There is a strong case to be made for governments and research bodies to gather and publish combined data , which reflects many of the aspects of living that really measure our quality of life as individuals and as communities .
Economic growth is a means to an end , not an end in itself .
Perhaps NSW would still score poorly if health , housing , community safety , recreation , volunteering and personal happiness data were all considered .
But measuring wellbeing , while difficult , is ultimately a much better gauge of how well or poorly we live , while the successes and failures of government actions over time can be seen for what they are .
Gary Moore Balmain CommSec 's latest report on state and territories economic rankings : WA No.1 , the only Coalition government in Australia ; NSW , stone motherless last after 14 years of hard Labor .
Must be a message there somewhere .
John Shailer East Lindfield Putin hagiography coloured by numbers Ross Cameron 's article extolling the virtues of Putin's 10 - year dominance of Russia was extraordinarily callous and disingenuous ( '' Putin marks 10 years of extraordinary achievement ' ' , January 11 ) .
His review of recent Russian history , guided as it is by an unflinching and myopic adherence to free market fundamentalism , is reminiscent of Cold War rationalisations that tied the West to the likes of Pinochet .
The irony of Cameron 's article is that Russia 's form of semi-autocratic nationalist governance has little in common with the Western model that Putin himself - in word and deed - holds with utter contempt .
The invasion of Georgia , the use of gas supplies as a means of political harassment , an utterly negative regional influence and the sparking of nationalist fires , including a recent glorification of the Stalin era , make Russia an emergent threat , not a model of progress .
Most worrying is that a target of the rising nationalism has been the West , which many Russians still view with suspicion ; something Putin has inflamed rather than quelled .
For Cameron it seems the only means to measure national success is to lift quotes and figures directly from the websites of economic bodies .
What a terrible way to write and what a completely bankrupt view of Russia and the world more generally .
Peter Waring Cammeray Ross Cameron , in his sycophantic defence of Putin , conveniently skims over a number of issues in his rush to praise the Russian Prime Minister 's economic record .
Putin 's 2007 rehabilitation of Stalin 's reputation by means of a ' ' revised ' ' history syllabus to be taught in schools , for example , fails to rate a mention , along with Putin 's refusal to co-operate with the British investigation into the murder of the former spy and Putin-critic Alexander Litvinenko .
Similarly , Cameron 's characterisation of the Georgian conflict , in which Russian forces moved beyond contested areas into Georgia 's sovereign territory , as ' ' a complex story ' ' is naive at best , while Putin 's concerning suspension of the Conventional Forces in Europe Treaty in 2007 does not even rate a mention .
Putin 's economic credentials are indisputable , but if Mr Cameron feels this is all that deserves a mention , I 'm relieved he never got as far as Putin did in politics .
Tim Clark Gordon
Wise crackers
It is not correct for Keith Parsons to say that '' Australians never celebrated Guy Fawkes night '' ( Letters , January 11 ) .
Certainly , when I was growing up in South Australia , Guy Fawkes night was '' religiously ' ' celebrated by children on November 5 .
We even made an effigy of poor old Guy Fawkes and hawked it around the street , crying out '' Guy , Guy , Guy ; penny for the Guy ' ' to collect money for fireworks .
On the night , the guy was placed on the top of the bonfire and burnt .
We knew that Guy Fawkes had tried to blow up the British Parliament but we had no idea of the religious significance of the gunpowder plot .
Laurie Malone Bilgola Keith Parsons has effectively excluded the majority of this country 's citizens who were alive prior to the introduction of the prohibition of over - the - counter sales of fireworks .
I grew up in Brisbane and the competition among the kids in my neighbourhood to save their pocket money to buy the latest bungers , throwdowns , Roman candles and Catherine wheels was intense .
While happy to forget Halloween , where kids are encouraged to beg for treats , my memories of Guy Fawkes night will last a lifetime .
Rodney Eve Cherrybrook
As kids in Brisbane in the 1940s and ' 50s , we always let off our fireworks on Guy Fawkes night .
One year they all went off together when someone threw a bunger onto the stockpile in the laundry trolley .
They were freely available to kids in the shops .
When the date was changed to avoid the bushfire season , everyone lost interest .
Allan Miles Stanmore
Would you like tax with that ?
A tax on junk food is a start , but it is simply too late for the many thousands of young and overweight children and young adults whose start in life is at a significant disadvantage ( '' Paying the cost of fighting obesity ' ' , smh.com.au , January 11 ) .
The problem is going to be deciding which foods qualify as junk food .
There can be no doubt the process in deciding these finer points will be slow as manufacturers challenge the proposed taxes , which will invariably lead to further delays in action , resulting in a lost generation who are heading for a lifetime of chronic disease .
The true culprit , which sadly has been missing from the debate , is sugar , which is not only added to sweeten desserts and drinks but now also to bread and most processed savoury foods .
Sugar will not only increase your weight , if increasingly consumed it also rots your teeth .
Why not increase the tax on sugar as raw ingredient ?
Siobhan Cox North Narrabeen
In an age when market products are elevated to ' ' goods ' ' and food pyramids are falsely constructed by marketing imperialists , I 'm glad that '' junk food ' ' has not successfully been rebadged , and accurately describes its subject .
Marshall Wilkinson Blackheath
One law fits all
A secular system of civil law that applies equally to everyone is one of the great glories of Western civilisation and is not to be compromised merely in the name of security .
If , as Paul Sheehan says , Islamic terrorism aims to destroy our values and way of life , then surely the way to combat it is not to subvert , undermine and bastardise our own legal system ; that would be doing half the terrorists ' work for them ( '' Those waging war on society should n't have access to its law ' ' , January 11 ) .
Rather than applying the protections of civil law differentially or creating new laws that subvert our established rights and freedoms , it would be far better to apply our laws scrupulously and fairly as a sign of our confidence and determination to protect our legal system and what it represents .
Nicholas Olson Peakhurst Kevvie goes ga-ga I have recently wondered whether our Prime Minister , Kevin Rudd , is expecting the Australian public to morph back into childhood with his constant use of baby - like titles to people and places .
Wayne Swan is Swannie and there is Kevvie from Brissie .
How many other words is he going to add the " ie " or " ey " to ?
Now he has written a children 's book about a " pussy " and a " puppy " at Kirribilli .
Maybe it is about time our childlike PM made decisions about the more important things in adult life , like " money " .
Rod Fountain Erina Horrible figures
An Indian student in Australia is 2.5 times as likely as a non-Indian student to be assaulted here ( '' Horror Indian summer ' ' , January 9 - 10 ) .
It 's high time we stopped our denials and addressed the problem .
And , Adam Barnett ( Letters , January 11 ) , it does n't matter whether we 're less racist than '' many Indians ' ' ; we have a problem we need to solve .
Bruce Hanna Heathcote
Two legs bad , four hoofs not so bad
There 's no sinking feeling that equals reading a letter condoning cruelty .
Much less written by a woman .
For Liz MacPhee to describe as ' ' heroic ' ' the practice of culling brumbies by shooting them from helicopters is just nauseating ( Letters , January 11 ) .
The evidence of these horses dying a slow death from inaccurate shots is everywhere .
As Australia has no carnivorous megafauna , there are no species to put wounded animals out of their misery , so hundreds ( perhaps thousands ) of horses die in agony .
Contrary to MacPhee 's assertion , brumbies do minimal , if any , damage to the landscape .
As the most destructive species ever to walk the earth , it 's blinding hypocrisy for a human to point an accusing finger at a species introduced by humans .
Who in their right mind would suggest that a few hoof - prints came close to the level of soil compaction caused by the vehicles travelling on dirt roads ?
If culling horses is shown to be necessary , chemical sterilisation is by far the most humane solution .
Taking pot shots from an aircraft is even worse than whaling .
Peter Maresch Lane Cove Liz MacPhee rather shoots herself in her own hoof credibility - wise when she claims that horses have cloven hooves .
Anybody who has had involvement with horses knows they have single non-cloven hooves .
Taxonomically speaking , they belong to the order of ' ' odd - toed ungulates ' ' whereas cloven hooved animals , such as cattle and sheep , belong to the ' ' even - toed ungulates ' ' .
Ron Davis Lyons ( ACT )
Labor 's love lost Just remind me again why I voted for Kevin07 .
Nurses getting pay cuts , Japanese whaling worse , asylum seekers still '' processed ' ' offshore , action on climate change stalled .
Sounds all a bit too liberal for my liking .
Russell Mills Redfern Tennis service
Even though I can appreciate your viewpoint , Alexander Bayes ( Letters January 11 ) , I am very thankful that the ABC does adhere to its printed program .
For it to do anything else would be total anarchy and sheer lunacy .
I , for one , am not remotely interested in watching tennis , and to tune into Aunty at the normal and regularly designated news timeslot to find the previous program still running ( whatever it was ) would make me very , very browned - off .
You have an odd perception of television programming when you say that " viewers have to take second place to its [ Aunty 's ] program timings " .
Well , of course , we do - I was under the impression that was why we have programs in the first place : to maintain fair , regular and consistent viewing for all , not just tennis fans .
Anthea M. Doe Russell Lea
There is no doubt that Alexander Bayes hit the nail on the head about the ABC 's inconsiderate programming around the tennis .
On Saturday night the start of The Bill was delayed by half an hour so some match or other could go to air .
It 's an inconvenient racket really .
Stewart Smith St Ives
Andrew Smith ( Letters , January 11 ) raises an interesting question regarding the improved eyesight of tennis linesmen by placing their hands on their knees .
It must work , as cricket slips fieldsmen do likewise .
The real question is , where the hell is Birmingham Gardens ?
David Brogan West Ryde
Time for nurses to tend to their own woes Cuts to nurses ' pay is but one more example of Labor 's betrayal of working families ( '' Nurses face pay cuts in new award system ' ' , January 9 - 10 ) .
An industrial relations policy that 's slightly less bad than John Howard 's Work Choices .
Well , now you know .
For those nurses and others affected by this crazy decision it is time to get yourselves organised .
Join the bloody union .
Get your union off its backside and get yourselves an enterprise agreement that restores your penalty rates and a little extra above award wages as well .
For the respective unions , start organising and recruiting .
Do n't wait for someone to call asking for an organiser to visit .
Pick up the Yellow Pages , make a list of employers and turn up at the door .
If you 're short of organisers then put the call out for volunteer organisers to start the ball rolling .
I 'll volunteer .
Do n't mourn .
Organise .
Paul Palmer Campbelltown
Do n't twist Tosca , write another opera
It is indeed not very clever to modify a masterpiece to the point that it destroys the vision of its original composer ; this seems to be the case with the present production of Puccini's Tosca ( '' Loud boos but the singing was superb ' ' , January 11 ) .
Christopher Alden should himself compose an opera and leave the magnificent work of Puccini alone .
Franca Bopf Curl Curl Tortured analogy
It 's one of the great generalisations that artistic genius and personal dysfunction go hand in hand ( '' Creators of beauty are capable of ugliness ' ' , January 11 ) .
As a creative artist myself , I find the tortured genius archetype thoroughly tiresome .
The world is full of quiet , respectable people making great , provocative art that helps us to better understand ourselves .
Unfortunately Hollywood can't do much with such storylines .
Lloyd Swanton Wentworth Falls
Human error I was gladdened to see someone reprimand DA for making a mistake ( Letters , January 11 ) , but even happier to learn a real person concocts those clues .
I always thought it was a very clever computer program .
Ben Newhouse Strathfield Tinsel etiquette Traditionally all decorations should be removed by midnight on the 12th night after Christmas ( Letters , January 11 ) .
If they are left up beyond this time they should then be left up all year to avoid bad luck .
It goes back to the belief that greenery brought into the house at Christmas contained tree spirits who would cause mischief in the house .
Ruth Witcombe Belmore
The day after the Epiphany , which occurs on January 6 , is the traditional time to take down Christmas decorations .
The Epiphany is the biblical date assigned to the visit to the baby Jesus by the Magi and as such is the last day of the Christmas celebrations .
Elizabeth Maher Bangor
The last day to take down the lights is when you see Easter eggs in the shop .
Now wait a minute …
Greg Szudrich Balgowlah
Lost the plot Con Vaitsas is a true iconoclast but some icons may be better left unshattered ( Letters , January 11 ) .
I have some sympathy though and often have trouble locating my loved ones as it is , in the huge Woronora resting place where they all seem to congregate .
Perhaps we should try burying people in alphabetical order ?
John Little Cronulla Games of yore
Am I alone among sport lovers in finding the Commonwealth Games about as anachronistic as the playing of God Save the Queen in cinemas ?
I think the words '' British subject ' ' were removed from Australian passports about the same time as we cancelled the ' ' Australian Housewife of the Year Quest ' ' .
Some things do need to change .
Peter Copleston Westleigh
Well travelled card
It may not be Australia Post 's fault , but a perfectly addressed Christmas card from Potts Point arrived for me with a rubber stamped notation on the envelope advising it had been sent via Malaysia .
Another of life 's mysteries to add to the enjoyment of the silly season .
Jennifer Dewar Double Bay
Vanishing bananas
The tasty , small bananas for which many reminisce ( Letters , January 9 - 10 ) do still exist .
They are grown in and around Coffs Harbour , yet are becoming harder for even locals to find , given that even the big supermarkets here buy in those tasteless , large bananas from North Queensland .
If you get a chance to buy and try the small ones , do so , before our local banana growers are completely put out of business .
Tracey Schmidt Sandy Beach
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Tens of thousands of people were today being moved from towns and villages around a volcano in the Philippines , after it began spewing lava and ash .
Mount Mayon , in Albay province , is one of the most active volcanos in the Philippines .
It began releasing lava earlier this week , with volcanologists warning there could be an eruption in the next few days .
Authorities said evacuees were likely to spend Christmas in an evacuation centre , as the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology raised the alert level around Mayon , located around 210 miles south east of Manila , the Philippine capital .
Renato Solidum , the head of the institute , said magma had been rising at the 2,460 - metre high volcano for the past two weeks and the situation could worsen over coming days .
" Now lava is trickling down , but if the ascent of magma is sustained there will be lava flows , " he said , adding that lava had flowed half a mile down from the crater .
" There is also the possibility of an explosion . "
The institute said it has raised the alert to level three .
Level four means an eruption is imminent , while level five means an eruption is occurring .
Nearly 50,000 people live within five miles of the mountain .
The Albay provincial governor , Joey Salceda , who cancelled a trip to the Copenhagen climate summit to oversee emergency arrangements , said nearly 20,000 of those had been evacuated to safety by nightfall on Tuesday .
" Whatever the volcano does , our target is zero casualty , " he said , adding that he had placed central Albay under a " state of imminent disaster , " making it easier for him to draw emergency funds .
Authorities in Albay said evacuees would be would be temporarily housed in school buildings and public gymnasiums , but warned provisions could run short .
" We are in the process of evacuating nearly 10,000 families around the 6 - 8 km danger zone around the volcano , " Cedric Daep , head of the public safety office said , adding : " We have enough food for all these people for only a month . "
Daep said humanitarian and non-government groups have pledged to send food , water , medicines and blankets .
Mayon is considered to be one of the world 's most perfectly formed volcanos because of its near symmetrical cone .
There were 30,000 people moved from areas around the volcano in 2006 , when it last erupted .
About 20 vehicles were being used to transport residents to schools and other temporary housing , according to an Albay emergency management official , Jukes Nunez .
" It 's 10 days before Christmas , " he said .
" Most likely people will be in evacuation centres , and if Mayon 's activity wo n't ease down we will not allow them to return to their homes .
It 's difficult and sad , especially for children . "
Mayon 's most violent recorded eruption was in 1814 , killing more than 1,200 people and burying a town in mud .
The Philippines lies along the Pacific " Ring of Fire " – an area prone to earthquakes and volcanic eruptions .
Yesterday I posted on the EU " barrier hymn sheet " , a leaked document that discloses EU negotiating strategy on the Canada - EU Trade Agreement IP chapter .
It follows a leaked draft of the EU proposal for the chapter itself , including copyright term extension , anti-circumvention rules , and resale rights .
I also recently obtained a copy of the submission received by the Department of Foreign Affairs as part of its consultation on the proposed agreement .
I 'll post highlights from several prominent companies and organizations over the next few days .
I start with eBay Canada , which clearly has concerns with the proposed agreement and the potential for adverse impacts on Canadian businesses :
a potential Canada - EU economic agreement should not address secondary liability or otherwise target intermediaries such as shippers , payment systems , search engines , online marketplaces , or interactive computer service providers .
Likewise , we believe a potential Canada - EU economic agreement should not contain provisions that create intellectual property rights or obligations that could extend beyond , or modify , domestic laws in ways that do not serve the interests of Canadian consumers and businesses .
In conclusion , because a potential Canada - EU economic agreement has the potential to adversely impact intermediaries operating in full compliance with domestic law , and deprive Canadian consumer access to the full benefits of the 21st Century Market , the Canada - EU trade negotiating process should be as open and transparent as possible .
[ From a teaching on Life of Guru Rinpoche by Bardor Tulku Rinpoche given in Seattle , WA , in April 2009 .
Translated by Lama Yeshe Gyamtso , transcribed by Linda Lee , copy - edited by Basia Coulter .
Copyright 2009 Bardor Tulku Rinpoche and Peter O’Hearn .
All rights reserved . ]
In vajrayana , we are taught to view our guru as the complete embodiment of the trikaya — three bodies — as the overlord of all buddha families , the principle of all the mandalas , the embodiment in the single form of all yidams .
Some people , who have studied Buddhism from the outside , have questioned this .
Observing the tremendous emphasis placed on the guru in the Tibetan Buddhist vajrayana tradition , they have called this not Buddhism but Lamaism .
And they make a distinction between Buddhism and Lamaism .
They say that all that Tibetan teachers talk about is lama , lama , lama , lama this ; serve the lama ; venerate the lama ; pray to the lama ; give to the lama , etc .
It is just nothing more than self ‑serving advertisement .
To be honest , of course , there are lamas who justify this criticism .
Obviously , charlatans exist as they do in every tradition , but it is not true that any authentic guru is self ‑serving .
Authentic gurus teach the path of devotion and faith not because they need our devotion or our faith , but because we do .
Authentic gurus do not want or need our respect .
They have no use themselves for our service .
They do not want or particularly enjoy our wealth .
This is because they have no hope or fear .
Hope and fear are born of dualism .
Authentic gurus are not dualistic , therefore , respect and disrespect and so forth are irrelevant to them .
However the fact remains that while the guru may not need you , if you whole ‑heartedly supplicate a guru who is authentically beyond dualism , you can achieve the same state as his in a single instant .
In a single instant , you can achieve what we call “ the mixing of the guru ’s mind and your mind . ”
And it is this whole ‑hearted open supplication that makes vajrayana the fastest possible spiritual journey .
The Buddha ’s teachings are incredibly vast .
Even among the teachings of the sutras alone , the teachings of the Tripitaka , the Vinaya , sutras , and Abhidharma are so vast that probably no one could even read through them once in a single lifetime , let alone attempt to practice all of them .
And yet , in this [ vajrayana ] path , we do not have to go through that process .
The entire vajrayana path can be traversed in less time than it takes to read through the sutras .
It is said , “ In a single instant , the difference is made .
In a single instant , samyaksambuddha is achieved . ”
Among gurus , Guru Rinpoche is extraordinary .
He is extraordinary in his responsiveness , among other ways [ in which he is extraordinary ] .
It is said , “ Padmakara sleeps outside the door of everyone with faith in him . ”
It is as though when you have faith in him , he is literally sleeping outside your door at night .
His emanations , such as the hundred treasure revealers and others , have been innumerable and it is also said that he truly appears among us on every 10th day of the waxing phase of the lunar month .
Through this kind of faith and devotion in this kind of guru , we can actually achieve the state of great unity , the state of Vajradhara .
So if you want to be a genuine practitioner , remember that it depends upon having unfluctuating devotion , unfluctuating love and compassion for beings , and unfluctuating and ruthless honesty .
From the point of view of an authentic guru himself , his qualities are endless and innumerable .
In the tantras , it is said , “ The guru is the buddha .
The guru is the dharma .
The guru is the glorious heruka .
The guru is everything . ”
Nevertheless , in spite of the perfection and completeness of our guru ’s qualities , whether or not we receive our guru ’s blessing depends entirely upon our own attitude .
The attitude we need is such that we actually view the guru as the embodiment of the Three Jewels ; we think that the guru ’s body is the Sangha , his speech is the Dharma , and his mind is the Buddha .
We view the guru as the embodiment of the Three Roots , inclusive of the gurus — roots of blessing ; the yidams — the roots of siddhi ; and the dakas and dakinis — the roots of activity .
We regard our guru as the overlord of all buddha families and all mandalas .
And this attitude is one ‑hundred percent genuine ; simply trying to convince yourself of that or faking it is not going to help .
If we have that kind of attitude , we will definitely receive the guru ’s full blessing and by receiving that and by that alone , we will achieve the fruition of this path .
In that way , the blessing of our root guru can be even greater than the blessing we would receive by meeting the historical Buddha .
But if we think that the guru , although far superior to most others , is still not quite the same as the Buddha ( after all , how could he be like the Buddha himself ? ) , then we will receive less blessing than blessing of the Buddha .
And if we think that the guru is somewhat superior to us ( obviously ) , but how much we do not know , then we ’ll receive the blessing of someone somewhat superior to us , but how much we do not know .
And if we think that the guru is actually stupider than we are , then we ’ll receive the blessing of someone who is stupider than we are .
The problem is that as long as we fail to mix our minds with dharma , the single moment in which the difference is made , that single moment in which samyaksambuddha is achieved , will remain very , very distant from us .
If we mix our mind with dharma , then the guru and the guru ’s blessing are immediately available .
From that point of view , it is irrelevant whether the guru is physically close to us or physically distant , whether the guru is still alive or has passed away .
None of these things make any difference as far as the guru ’s ability to bestow blessings is concerned , because the blessings of an authentic , realized master are unceasing throughout all time .
There is no such thing as physical distance where blessings are concerned .
A great deal has been written in the Jewel Ornament of the Liberation and in other books about how to attend gurus , how to relate to gurus , and so on .
But fundamentally it all comes down to devotion .
Especially for us of the Dakpo Kagyu devotion alone is the substance of our path .
Even if someone were a mahapandita , who knew absolutely everything there was to know about Buddhism in terms of facts and terminology , without devotion it would not be possible for him or her to achieve the fruition of this path .
With federal Prop 8 trial under way , cue Mormon PR stunts
OK , admittedly , that 's not the headline that CBS13 used for this story .
But just maybe it should 've been .
Aaron Call is the Mormon kid in the clip .
Here 's his brother :
" If one group can claim racism , or sexual discrimination , then another can claim religious discrimination .
Case in point , the story of Rebekah Rice ( my wife 's cousin ) .
She was being teased in class when one of her classmates found out she is Mormon .
They said : ' So , how many moms do you have ? '
Her response : ' That 's so gay . '
Guess who got punished ? "
Whiners with an ax to grind .
Vandalism is wrong and should always be condemned , but I 'm calling false flag PR op .
Anybody from LDS Public Affairs wanna step up and deny it ?
Sonja ?
Bart ?
Glen ?
Kim ?
Craig Lynch has updated his friends about his life since fleeing prison
An on - the - run prisoner has been updating his friends about life on the run via his Facebook page .
Police are trying to use clues left by burglar Craig Lynch , 28 , on the social networking site to track him down .
Lynch , who has links to Edgware in London , has updated his 248 Facebook friends about nearly crashing his car in icy weather and meals he has had .
He absconded from Hollesley Bay open prison , near Woodbridge , Suffolk , in September .
Lynch was given a seven - year jail term after being convicted of aggravated burglary and was serving time towards the end of the sentence at the open prison where he was allowed day release .
Defiant gesture Police have appealed to his friends on Facebook to tell them where he is .
A police spokeswoman said officers dealing with the case were making detailed checks to make sure the man on the page they had identified is the wanted prisoner .
" We are also using the information we have and anything that appears on his site to try and locate him .
" I would appeal to anyone with information about his whereabouts to contact Suffolk Police , " she said .
A photograph on the page shows Lynch looking at the camera and holding up a finger in an apparent defiant gesture .
A spokesperson for Facebook said it was aware of Lynch 's page on its website and was working with Suffolk police officers to try and track him down .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The final witness for gays and lesbians seeking to overturn California 's ban on same - sex marriage testified Friday that most people do n't choose their sexual orientation , few people change it and " conversion therapy " is useless and potentially harmful .
" The vast majority of people are consistent in their ( sexual ) behavior , their identity and their attractions , " Gregory Herek , a UC Davis psychology professor , said at the San Francisco federal court trial on the constitutionality of Proposition 8 .
He said 95 percent of the self - identified gay men in a study he conducted , and 80 to 90 percent of the lesbians , believed they had little or no choice in their sexual orientation .
Gays and lesbians commonly have heterosexual partners at some point in life - typically due to youthful uncertainty and social pressures - but most people ultimately can define their own sexuality , Herek said .
The plaintiffs , two same - sex couples and the city of San Francisco , offered his testimony to counter arguments by Prop.
8 's defenders that sexual orientation is changeable and impossible to define .
As a consequence , Prop. 8 's supporters contend , prohibiting same - sex marriage can't be discriminatory because any Californian can still wed someone of the opposite sex .
Howard Nielson , a lawyer for the Prop. 8 campaign , hammered on that point during a cross-examination that stretched over 5 1/2 hours , asking Herek about innumerable studies that described sexual orientation as complex and found that people 's sexual identities are often flexible .
Herek said none of the studies contradicted his conclusions .
The plaintiffs also quoted Daniel Robinson , an Oxford University philosophy professor who was originally on the pro-Prop .
8 witness list - and later withdrawn - as saying sexual orientation is not readily subject to change .
Chief U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker , who is hearing the case without a jury , will also consider other justifications for the ballot measure - that it reaffirms the historic definition of marriage , promotes healthy child - rearing , and leaves gays and lesbians adequately protected by domestic - partner laws - before deciding whether it violates the constitutional guarantee of equal protection .
Prop. 8 amended the California Constitution in November 2008 to define marriage as the union of a man and a woman , overturning a May 2008 state Supreme Court ruling that allowed gays and lesbians to marry .
In two weeks of the nation 's first federal court trial on same - sex marriage , the plaintiffs have presented testimony from both couples - two gay men from Burbank and two lesbians from Berkeley - and others on the personal impact of Prop. 8 and the campaign to pass it .
One plaintiff , Paul Katami , recalled seeing campaign ads urging a yes vote to " protect the children " and wondering why any children would need protection from him .
Another witness , Bay Area author Helen Zia , described the acceptance she felt after marrying her longtime partner after the state Supreme Court ruling and hearing her bride 's father , on his deathbed , refer to her as " my favorite daughter - in - law . "
Opponents of Prop. 8 largely have relied , however , on academic witnesses to make their case that gays and lesbians suffer from ongoing discrimination and that there is no justification , other than prejudice , for excluding them from marriage .
Witnesses have testified , for example , that marriage in the United States has been based on voluntary consent and an evolving concept of equality and free choice ; that the rationales for Prop.
8 are similar to the justifications once used for banning interracial marriage ; that children fare just as well with same - sex and opposite - sex parents ; and that gays and lesbians , despite some recent gains , have little political power in an era of ballot initiatives .
Lawyers for the Prop. 8 campaign have questioned the witnesses at length , suggesting that they are biased advocates and that their findings contradict data from European countries that have legalized same - sex marriage .
The defense plans to present its own experts early next week on political power and the benefits of opposite - sex marriage .
Walker said he will examine the evidence for several weeks before scheduling final arguments .
401ks have been around for years and have been an ever increasingly popular way to save money for retirement .
More and more businesses run some type of deferred contribution plan and they are a great way to attract and retain key employees .
401ks are great from an employee standpoint because they are relatively quick to sign up for , fairly easy to pick funds in and once the initial set up has been done , your contributions are taken out of your paycheck automatically .
It ’s an easy way to save .
But , did you know that by contributing to your 401 k you could be creating a giant time bomb ?
Here ’s a look at why :
What is a tax deferred account ?
A tax deferred account is simply an account that allows you to put in pre-tax contributions for retirement .
The money inside grows without having to pay taxes every single year – they are deferred until some time down the road .
Things like 401ks and IRAs and for small business owners – Simple IRAs and SEP IRAs are examples of tax - deferred accounts .
What is a retirement time bomb ?
A retirement time bomb is when you put all or most of your retirement savings into these tax - defferred accounts like 401ks and Traditional IRAs .
When you get into retirement and start withdrawing your money , you have to pay taxes on every single dollar you pull out !
At what rate ?
It depends , but the money you pull out is taxed as ordinary income , which means for those of you who think your taxes will go down in retirement – you might be in for a big surprise when all of that money is taxed as though you earned it !
For those of you who have socked away a lot of money into tax - deferred accounts for retirement – these have become a ticking time bomb waiting to explode !
And Uncle Sam is licking his chops !
What should you do about it ?
Figure out how much you need for retirement Re-evaluate your accounts – determine if you are properly balanced from a tax perspective Consider other options – look at accounts like Roth IRAs to detemine if it ’s right for you .
Make a plan to diversify from a tax perspective – figure out how muchyou can get into a tax - free bucket and start shifting money either through contributions or Roth Conversions .
What about you ?
Are you holding a retirement time bomb ?
What have you done to diversify yourself from a tax standpoint ?
Google + Comments
I have loved this piece of art since the moment I first lay my orbs upon it .
Without a doubt it is my single most favorite picture discovered on this website .
You have no idea the hours of longing I have spent just staring at the elegant lines and beautiful cities .
I doubt I will ever find something more wonderful to my senses ...
Truly I love this , never stop what you are doing for you are doing it right !
Mr Dymovsky alleged police arrested innocent people to meet targets
A Russian police officer who posted a video on the internet alleging the police force in his home town was corrupt has been arrested .
Alexei Dymovsky , who became widely known after speaking out on video - sharing site YouTube in November , has been charged with fraud and corruption .
Mr Dymovsky , from southern Russia , had already been fired from his job .
He had earlier said the authorities wanted to silence him and get revenge for what he had done .
In the video , he made allegations of corruption and illegal activities within the police force in his home town , saying he could no longer tolerate being told to arrest innocent people to meet monthly targets .
Popular video
He went on to make a direct appeal to Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to clean up the law enforcement agencies .
It caused a sensation in a country where challenging the authorities is not only highly unusual , but can also prove to be extremely dangerous , says the BBC's Richard Galpin in Moscow .
The video registered more than a million hits .
Police said an investigation showed there was no evidence for any of his claims .
A spokesman said he was sacked " for libel and acts that stain the honour ... of the security forces " .
But few in Russia will be surprised that he has now been arrested on charges which carry a maximum of six years in prison , says our correspondent Moscow .
Just days after he posted his video , the interior minister in charge of the nation 's police force admitted it had been turned into a criminal business , our correspondent adds .
Do n’t let the LDS Church ’s support of a non-discrimination ordinance fool you :
The Mormon Church remains , thoroughly and proudly , anti-gay .
Not only did a church official testifying before the Salt Lake City Council remind everyone as much , but now homophobic conservatives are reaching into their dark recesses of bigotry to put it on blast .
The reason LDS supports adding sexual orientation to Salt Lake ’s housing and employment protected classes is because doing so , according to LDS public affairs managing director Michael Otterson , “ does not do violence to the institution of marriage . ”
Well gee , thanks !
But blogger Mike DeVine , of the conservative blog Minority Report , wants to make sure nobody confuses LDS ’s support for non-discrimination with the church ’s support of homosexuals .
You know , in case that was n’t blatantly clear already .
I and most conservatives ( especially including social conservatives ) do not favor any government imprimatur of approval for any sexual behavior outside traditional marriage .
Moreover , conservatives generally favor that rights protected by the constitution be of the individual variety , rather than group rights , especially those of a “ mutable ” variety such as what one Delores one ’s particular “ orientations ” to be , as opposed to the immutable characteristics of race and gender / sex .
But , we do favor prohibitions of discrimination based on religion / free speech , so in that sense people of faith could justify the Salt Lake City ordinance as prohibiting mind control .
One can believe anything one wishes and still expect to be able to rent property and get a job one is otherwise qualified for .
Of course , if the particular beliefs and / or speech rise to the level of advocacy that interferes with the workplace environment and / or property owners ’ maintenance of a habitable environment for families , then one could distinguish .
We particularly like to avoid such group distinctions when one would seek to mete out civil penalties and criminal punishments for free speech against certain behaviors or seek to diminish the value of the lives of certain groups by making it a more serious crime to harm people in other groups , especially when accompanied by a requirement to determine an “ intent to hate ” .
That is : Being gay is the same thing as being a crazy person who believes the plot of the film 2012 will come true , since neither should preclude you from finding an apartment .
And while being gay is a “ mutable ” characteristic — something someone chooses , and can change ! — it must be protected in housing and employment because not doing so would permit “ mind control . ”
* Planned 2010 deliveries cut to 5 pct of allotments
* Allocation figure typically raised later
* Cuts forced by drought and environmental restrictions
( adds details throughout )
By Steve Gorman
LOS ANGELES , Dec 1 ( Reuters ) - California officials said on Tuesday that drought and environmental restrictions have forced them to cut planned water deliveries to irrigation districts and cities statewide to just 5 percent of their contracted allotments .
Although the state Water Resources Department typically ends up supplying more water than first projected for an upcoming year , its 5 percent initial allocation for 2010 marks the smallest on record since the agency began delivering water in 1967 .
Drastic cutbacks in irrigation supplies this year alone from both state and federal water projects have idled some 23,000 farm workers and 300,000 acres ( 121 hectares ) of cropland in California , according to researchers at the University of California at Davis .
Water shortages also have forced California cities large and small to raise rates they charge and to ration supplies .
The state water allocation initially set for this year was 15 percent of the amount users are entitled to receive under their contracts .
That figure was later raised to 40 percent , still well below the 68 percent averaged over the past decade .
While a return to wetter weather in the months ahead could quickly ease the crunch , the initial 2010 allotment was greeted with alarm up and down a state already beset with chronic budget problems and jobless levels above the national average .
“ On the heels of three years of drought and ongoing regulatory restrictions , we are now bracing for yet another year of painfully limited water supplies , ” said Laura King Moon , assistant general manager for the State Water Contractors .
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTRICTIONS
QUESTIONED
Seeking to address California ’s deepening water crisis , the state Legislature and Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger reached agreement last month on a landmark package of measures to conserve water and pour billions of dollars into new water infrastructure projects .
The state supplies more than 25 million people and over 750,000 acres ( 300,000 hectares ) of farmland with water from the Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta in northern California , fed by rainfall and snow - melt runoff from the Sierra Nevada mountain range .
That water is delivered to municipalities and irrigation districts throughout California by way of a sprawling network of reservoirs , pipelines , aqueducts and pumping stations known as the State Water Project .
But the prolonged drought , the worst in state history , has depleted the Sierra snowpack and reservoir levels .
Complicating matters are federal restrictions on delta pumping levels in order to protect endangered fish species .
“ We ought to look seriously at the cost of some of the restrictions they ’re putting in place , ” said Richard Howitt , a resource economist at UC Davis .
“ It ’s not that they ’re not needed .
The fish are dying .
But so are the farm workers . ”
The other major supplier of water from the delta -- and a more important one for California farmers producing over half of the fruit , vegetables and nuts grown the United States -- is the federal government ’s Bureau of Reclamation .
That agency waits until mid-February , near the end of California ’s traditional wet season , to set its initial water delivery allocation .
Last year , a zero allocation was declared for most of the farmers who buy water from the federally managed Central Valley Project , but that level was later raised to 5 percent of normal for many of them .
( Editing by Dan Whitcomb and Eric Beech ) ( ( steve.gorman@reuters.com ; +1 213-955-6761 ) )
Israel will send a delegation to establish a field hospital in Haiti , Foreign Ministry spokesman Yossi Levy said Thursday .
The party sent to set up the hospital will include 40 doctors and 24 nurses , and is scheduled to leave Thursday evening .
The hospital , capable of treating 500 patients , will include an intensive care unit , two operating rooms , a pharmacy , and an X - ray lab .
Search and rescue agents from the Homefront Command will also be included in the party .
Levy said a Home front Command delegation was currently making its way from the Dominican Republic to the quake - struck country .
The number of victims resulting from the quake has not yet been announced .
The Foreign Ministry has stated that all of the Israelis deemed missing after the disaster have been contacted but for Sharona Elsaieh , daughter of late peace activist Abie Nathan .
Two missing Israelis , a woman and her nine - year - old son , were found in good health on Wednesday .
Another missing Israeli woman contacted her family on Thursday .
At around noon a Foreign Ministry delegation is expected to arrive in Haiti , while Israeli physicians and a rescue team will leave for the Caribbean country in the evening .
Photo : AFP
Deputy head of the Foreign Ministry 's Latin America Department , Yossi Regev , said that Israel 's ambassador to the Dominican Republic , Amos Radian , was in Haiti and that he would prepare to receive an Israeli aid party set to arrive later Thursday .
Meanwhile , US officials are laying out a massive military response to the Haiti earthquake , saying that ships , helicopters , transport planes and a 2,000 - member Marine unit are either on the way or likely to begin moving soon .
One of the US Navy 's large amphibious ships , the USS Bataan , was ordered to Haiti with a Marine expeditionary unit aboard .
The ship is one of more than a half dozen , including frigates , a destroyer and a guided missile cruiser , being sent to the Caribbean nation .
Fraser said during a news conference with other US officials that the Pentagon is " seriously looking at " sending thousands of Marines to assist with disaster relief efforts and security in Haiti .
The dispatched troops would aim to keep the peace in the event of post - disaster unrest as part of a larger international effort overseen by the United Nations , whose peacekeeping operation headquarters was destroyed in the quake .
About 100 UN personnel are believed to be trapped in the ruins of the building .
' Thirsty people are going to die '
President Barack Obama promised earlier Wednesday to mount an all - out rescue and humanitarian effort to help the people of Haiti overcome a " cruel and incomprehensible " tragedy . "
The president said the relief effort is gearing up even as the US government is working to account for Americans who were on the island nation when the disaster struck late Tuesday afternoon .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton cut short an extended trip to the Asia - Pacific region to deal with the earthquake crisis in Haiti , and Defense Secretary Robert Gates called off a planned trip to Australia where he and Clinton were to attend an annual summit .
Clinton told reporters in Hawaii on Wednesday that she would return to Washington to help oversee US relief efforts instead of continuing on to Papua New Guinea , Australia and New Zealand as she had initially planned .
There was no estimate on how many people were killed by Tuesday 's magnitude - 7 quake .
Haitian President Rene Preval said the toll could be in the thousands .
Leading Sen. Youri Latortue told The Associated Press the number could be 500,000 , but conceded that nobody really knew .
In the streets of the capital Port - au - Prince , survivors set up camps amid piles of salvaged goods , including food being scavenged from the rubble .
" This is much worse than a hurricane , " said Jimitre Coquillon , a doctor 's assistant working at a makeshift triage center set up in a hotel parking lot .
" There 's no water .
There 's nothing .
Thirsty people are going to die . "
If there were any organized efforts to distribute food or water , they were not visible Wednesday .
The aid group Doctors Without Borders treated wounded at two hospitals that withstood the quake and set up tent clinics elsewhere to replace its damaged facilities .
Cuba , which already had hundreds of doctors in Haiti , treated injured in field hospitals .
Roni Sofer and AP contributed to the report
Raw Story , November 30 , 2009
Despite efforts by all three branches of the government to keep photos of abuse at US military detention centers secret , the American Civil Liberties Union vows that it wo n't stand still in the face of such a " dangerous precedent . "
The Supreme Court on Monday set aside an appeals court 's ruling that the Obama administration must release the photos , citing a new law passed in October that gives the secretary of defense the right to exempt photos from freedom - of - information laws .
That law was passed by Congress and signed by President Barack Obama in October , as part of a homeland security spending bill .
This month , Defense Secretary Robert Gates used his new powers to order the suppression of the photos .
The case now goes back to the lower court , which will reflect on its ruling in light of the new law .
" We continue to believe that the photos should be released , and we intend to press that case in the lower court , " said Steven Shapiro , legal director of the ACLU .
" No democracy has ever been made stronger by suppressing evidence of its own misconduct . "
As the ACLU noted in a statement released Monday , President Obama 's administration initially announced it would comply with a 2008 court ruling ordering the photos to be released .
But the administration then changed its mind , and argued that releasing the photos could endanger the lives of Americans abroad because of the anger they would fuel .
The ACLU described that rationale as " dangerous . "
Releasing the photos would " both discourage abuse in the future and underscore the need for a comprehensive investigation of past abuses , " said Jameel Jaffer , head of the ACLU 's National Security Project .
" And we continue to believe that permitting the government to suppress information about government misconduct on the grounds that someone , somewhere in the world , might react badly � or even violently � sets a very dangerous precedent . "
At issue in the case are several dozen photos that reportedly show acts of extreme abuse carried out against prisoners at US military facilities .
Raw Story has previously reported that the photos allegedly show sexual assaults on prisoners , both male and female , using truncheons , wire and phosphorescent tubes ; the rape of a female prisoner by a male guard ; the rape of a male prisoner by a male translator ; and the rape of a 15 - year - old boy .
Even former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld called the recorded abuse " cruel , " " inhuman " and " blatantly sadistic . "
The ACLU has been fighting in the courts to have the photos released since 2005 , when a district court ruled that the government did not show cause for why the photos should be kept secret .
Since then , successive administrations have fought that ruling in appeals courts , for the most part losing their appeals until Monday 's Supreme Court ruling .
Every time I explain something in the Modern Perl book under development , I have to change the way I think .
I 've spent a decade writing Perl 5 , testing Perl 5 , writing about Perl 5 , editing writings about Perl 5 , and thinking about how to do all of those .
I still learn new things , but I have n't been a novice for a very long time .
Mature projects need the perspective of determined and intelligent novices to help find gaps in tutorials and documentation .
It 's too easy to assume that the mental model experienced users have is obvious for novices .
After all , the design is clearly an effective design for the problems it has to solve .
The problem is two - fold .
First , the novice may have very different problems and assumptions when approaching the software .
Second , the expert mindset may be implicit : the result of experience developing the software , not approaching the problem fresh .
Any good documentation or tutorial intending to give novices practical experience must explain essential pieces of the model while avoiding too much explanation or gratuitious details .
That 's difficult to do in technical writing .
( That 's why most technical writing is passable at best and often atrocious . )
This is a long introduction to explain how I 've spent a lot of time thinking about concepts that novices need to understand to take advantage of modern Perl .
There are several :
Context : how it works , how to identify it , and how to take advantage of it .
This includes both void / scalar / list context but also boolean / integer / string / numeric context .
Using perldoc : to review syntax and builtins as well as modules
Creating , managing , and using modules : including the packaging , testing , building , and deployment systems
Installing CPAN modules : especially with tools such as local : : lib and , perhaps , a local CPAN mirror
Using the Perl 5 analysis tools : not limited to testing modules , Perl : : Tidy , Perl : : Critic , and B:: Deparse
I thought about including " References and data structures " , and I may do so .
I left out OO on purpose .
The same goes for most syntax ; those are all learnable .
This list tends toward the philosophical on purpose .
These are necessary to understand Perl 5 and to take advantage of it ( especially for further learning ) .
If a novice learns these five things , he or she is in good position to use Perl 5 effectively for almost any task .
Leave out any one and you 've added friction and frustration .
Understand them and you can do almost anything in Perl 5 .
A Chicago businessman has been charged with helping a friend from military school in Pakistan plot the deadly 2008 Mumbai attacks that killed 166 people .
Tahawwur Hussain Rana , 49 , has been held in jail since his arrest in October on charges of helping plot an attack on the Danish newspaper that published incendiary cartoons of the prophet Mohammed in 2005 .
Prosecutors allege Rana helped his longtime friend David Coleman Headley , a key suspect in the Mumbai attacks , by allowing him to use his immigration company as a cover for surveillance trips to India and Denmark .
Rana was charged Thursday ( local time ) with three counts of providing material support for terrorism in the Mumbai attacks , the Denmark terror plot , and to the banned Pakistani militant group Lashkar - e - Taiba .
However Rana , a Pakistani - born Canadian citizen who owns the Chicago - based First World Immigration Services that Headley allegedly used as a cover , insists he is a pacifist who was " duped " by his friend .
" If [ Headley 's ] cooperating , he may not be telling the truth , " defence attorney Patrick Blegen said last month after Rana was denied bail on the initial charges related to the Danish plot .
Also indicted on conspiracy charges related to the Denmark plot are Ilyas Kashmiri , an alleged terror kingpin in Pakistan who prosecutors accuse of being in regular contact with Al Qaeda leaders , and Abdur Rehman Hashim Syed , a retired major in the Pakistani military .
Neither man is in US custody .
Headley , 49 , has pleaded not guilty to 12 terrorism - related charges and remains in custody , where he is cooperating with prosecutors .
The Washington - born son of a former Pakistani diplomat and American mother , Headley reportedly befriended Bollywood stars and even dated an actress during his lengthy surveillance trips to Mumbai .
The indictment alleges Rana acted as a messenger while Headley scoped out the Mumbai terror targets , taking photos and video and entering their positions on a GPS device .
Nearly a year after the bloody 60 - hour siege , which began November 26 , 2008 , Headley was allegedly recorded discussing targets with Rana .
Headley and Rana were both arrested in October on charges related to the plot to attack newspaper Jyllands - Posten and kill an editor and the cartoonist .
- AFP
OTL : Higher Calling
EW YORK --
It is Dec. 27 , two days after Christmas , a holiday once religious but turned overwhelmingly commercial .
Tony Dungy , himself a deeply religious man , navigates a world in which sport was once viewed as vital to building character but now is dominated by the dollar , with all other considerations rendered secondary .
He speaks deliberately and enthusiastically over hot tea and orange juice .
Tony Dungy maintains an unhurried demeanor , but his mind nevertheless is split between the past and the future :
The self - recriminations of opportunity lost are balanced against the regenerative power of what is possible .
He speaks with his hands , the large , nimble hands of a former athlete .
His back is to the expanse of the dining room of The London , a boutique midtown hotel , and thus he is oblivious to the star - struck patrons gawking at him , pointing surreptitiously in recognition of little more than the back of Dungy 's head .
AP Photo / Michael Conroy Former Indianapolis Colts coach Tony Dungy has emerged as one of the NFL 's most powerful men .
It 's not salaries or strategies , endorsement opportunities or even another championship run by the team he coached for seven years , the Indianapolis Colts , that are on his mind , but how , 4 ½ years later , he still regrets what he sees as a major failure :
He believes he could have saved the life Michael Vick once had , the one he 'll never have again .
Long after the fact , he is still massaging the details in his mind as though he were balancing a handful of marbles between his fingers .
His eyes squint sharply , ruefully , the way eyes do when you missed a chance by a sliver .
" It was preseason .
We were in Japan for a game against the Falcons , and we went around to different events to promote the game , Jim Mora , Peyton [ Manning ] , Mike Vick , myself , " Dungy says .
" I got to know him a little bit .
We talked about some things .
Warrick Dunn told him I liked to fish .
We agreed when we got back home we would get together and go fishing .
It never happened .
" When the dogfighting stuff came out , I never stopped thinking about that .
If we had eight hours on the boat , maybe I would 've found out about it .
Maybe everything would have turned out differently .
Maybe it all would 've been different . "
At that time , according to court documents , Michael Vick was deeply involved in -- indeed bankrolling -- a criminal dogfighting operation , a fact Dungy acknowledges with a vigorous nod this December day .
Yes , eight months earlier , Vick had signed a massive 10 - year , $ 130 million contract , was the highest - profile superstar in a league full of them and , yes , had the most to lose by revealing his double life .
Still , Dungy feels that if given the opportunity , if the proposed fishing trip had become a reality , he could have been the one to redirect Vick from his ultimately destructive path .
" Who knows ? "
Dungy says seriously .
" One of the things I 've been surprised by is what people will tell you in the right environment , what they 'll say if something is really weighing on them . "
What type of individual honestly believes that , given a single afternoon on the soft water casting a fishing line into the sea , he could have been the one to change the course of another person 's history ?
He offers a brief smile at the suggestion that entertaining such thoughts is a supreme example of naivete , arrogance , confidence , all of the above .
But Dungy , whom close friends have called a messenger of God , cuts a different figure from many of his peers , one born of faith , the loss of a child and commitment .
He believes deeply in his powers to reach and rehabilitate by listening , by extending to others in ways that seem to expand his borders beyond the self while also feeding it .
It seems as though his reclamation projects are not the only people Dungy is attempting to make whole again .
Bob Ley talks with Howard Bryant about Tony Dungy 's influence in the NFL .
In his first year outside the NFL since the early 1980s , Dungy is a unique and powerful figure .
He has developed an enormous broadcast profile while emerging as a confidant of NFL owners , coaches and the commissioner himself .
He is a connected insider , yet strives to maintain a special rapport and credibility with the country 's disadvantaged .
Unlike many of the league 's ex-coaches , who use the broadcast booth as a paid hammock until another position on the sideline opens , Dungy has used the platform to establish himself as a substantive voice .
On a recent broadcast , Dungy offered a withering criticism of the dearth of African - American collegiate football coaches .
On another , he was harsh in his assessment of former Kansas City Chiefs running back Larry Johnson , whose career in Kansas City reached a sudden , controversial end .
At a time when deep and divisive labor issues are beginning to intensify , Dungy allowed himself to be positioned as a bridge between management and the players , appearing on air with Roger Goodell , jointly announcing -- and thus tacitly endorsing -- the commissioner 's plan to hold " town halls " with players around the league .
Perhaps most important of all , in a sports culture whose influence has been reduced by gluttony -- basketball coaches caught having sex in restaurants , golfers said to be having sex everywhere , too much money , too many guns , too much temptation to earn more at the expense of accountability , decency , self - respect -- 54 - year - old Dungy often is viewed as the moral compass of American sports .
In this time of Tiger Woods , Rick Pitino , Mark McGwire and all the others who have turned out not to be what they seemed , moral clout is Dungy 's capital .
" The words and the deeds never match up totally .
You have to know that , " Dungy said of himself .
" I think people can look at my motives and say that they 're pure .
That 's why I resonate with guys .
I 'm not in it for something .
I might be wrong in the way I do something , but they know I 'm not in it to betray someone 's situation . "
With that comes power .
For owners unsure of the latest troubled athlete in need of a second chance , the Dungy imprimatur -- or lack of same -- can provide the Good Housekeeping seal or the killing third strike .
He is uniquely positioned , the serious power broker , the voice upon which the powerful often depend to mediate the gap between themselves and their young , immensely wealthy employees .
He cannot , of course , provide redemption .
Messengers do not have that power .
Although it is a role he says he has never actively sought , it is also one Dungy does not discourage .
He has accepted the mission , and the rare and subtle combination of nationwide respect and moral authority have transformed Dungy into one of sport 's most powerful figures , and he is at once aware that he must gauge whether those seeking his help are only using him to launder their soiled images or truly desire redemption .
" The people I 've tried to invest in , whether they are famous or unknown , it has always been with people who are going to try to do the right thing , " Dungy said .
" There may be some people I chose not to work with and they may have been willing to do the kind of work I did n't think they were capable of , and thus I was wrong about them .
But there has n't been that person yet who fooled me , who I was willing to put my time into and then found out they were n't willing to make any effort . "
AP Photo / Matt Rourke " If we had eight hours on the boat , maybe I would 've found out about it , " Tony Dungy says about quarterback Michael Vick 's involvement with dogfighting .
" Maybe everything would have turned out differently . "
More to life than a Super Bowl ring
The culture creates stars , though perhaps it is more accurate to say it creates comets .
At first glance , it would appear that Dungy -- the son of two teachers , a star athlete from his teenage years , then a Super Bowl winner as a player and a coach -- is merely the latest to light the night sky , but his quest seems to carry more depth than to be simply the job candidate du jour .
All of it is so fickle : who becomes the star of the moment , how reputations can be altered seemingly from touchdown to touchdown , who gets to do the speaking for whom and when .
The perception of Dungy epitomizes the phenomenon .
Three years ago , his Indianapolis Colts trailed the New England Patriots 21 - 3 at home in the AFC Championship Game .
Dungy and his team were as talented as their rivals , he as respected as his counterpart on the opposite sideline , Bill Belichick .
Yet the Patriots had handled the Colts in the postseason , had won three Super Bowls while the Colts had not advanced to the season 's showcase since 1971 , when the Baltimore Colts beat the Dallas Cowboys 16 - 13 in Super Bowl V .
The words already were being tapped out on laptops across the country , repeated off the record on the inside by scouts , on the outside by the mainstream media and blogosphere alike , maybe even permeating the minds of results - oriented players .
Tony Dungy , nice guy .
Ca n't win the big one .
Not tough enough .
BEHIND THE STORY ESPN.com senior writer Howard Bryant discusses his " Outside the Lines " story about Tony Dungy 's work away from the football field .
Listen to the podcast
In a stunner , the Colts recovered in the second half and defeated the Patriots 38 - 34 , then beat the Chicago Bears in the Super Bowl .
In those two weeks , Dungy became transformed , the first African - American head coach to win the championship , repudiating the idea that his measured , dignified methodology could not work .
Dungy coached two more seasons and , after the Colts lost to the San Diego Chargers in the playoffs , retired .
During the Super Bowl , Dick Ebersol , the top man at NBC Sports , approached Dungy about a major role on NBC .
The show he had in mind , " Football Night in America , " Ebersol told Dungy , would be different from the yuk - it - up format of the Sunday afternoon football shows .
As part of the NBC Sunday night team , Dungy would have the national audience to himself , and not only would the network not stand in the way if he wanted to go in a more serious direction but Ebersol offered Dungy the freedom to expand on issues about which he felt passionate .
" When Joe Greene retired , he went into the broadcasting and did n't last , " Dungy says .
" He told me , ' They only want you to be controversial . '
I never thought about it .
It was Dick who left it up to me .
I told him I wanted to give the viewers information .
He told me to talk to the audience as though I were talking to my team . "
The Dungy way has coalesced around big media .
In 2007 , Dungy wrote a book , " Quiet Strength , " that became a runaway best - seller .
Combined with his television presence , he now had a powerful forum .
Dungy 's television presence -- where he partners with Dan Patrick , Rodney Harrison , Bob Costas and Keith Olbermann -- is one that , because of the power of his words and the strength of his connections to the leaders of his sport , quickly emerged into a potential newsmaker each week .
Al Messerschmidt / Getty Images NBC's Bob Costas says Dungy makes strong statements without turning harshly personal .
" In truth , I 'm pleasantly surprised .
I thought he'd be pretty good , but I 'm surprised he's this good , " Costas says .
" He 's not grabbing you by the lapels and shaking you .
He makes some declarative and bold statements , but never grandstands when doing it .
He never makes things harshly personal .
He can criticize without drawing blood , and that is actually what makes him effective over time .
You can only slash and burn so many times before people say that 's his shtick .
He has no shtick . "
Herm Edwards , the former defensive back and coach who has been a good friend of Dungy 's for 30 years , says Dungy is merely reflecting the approach he has wanted to cultivate since playing under Chuck Noll with the Pittsburgh Steelers .
Dungy saw that Noll could be respected by players without dotting every other sentence with an expletive .
He had decided that if he ever received the top job , he was not going to be another sadistic football coach whose ego was soothed by berating players .
Nor , Dungy decided , would he make the game inaccessible , as so many coaches do , treating a football playbook as though it were a classified CIA document .
" Tony 's always been a guy with great vision and great integrity , a man for whom the words and the life match up , " says Edwards , who is an NFL analyst for ESPN .
" As a coordinator or as position coach , this guy did n't fit the profile .
He was n't going to yell and scream for effect .
Then you watch him and you 're saying , ' Wow . '
He has faith , family and occupation .
People say they have faith , but faith is something you can't see .
" Too often , people equate discipline with cursing .
When you go to Catholic school , the nuns do n't curse a word , but you get discipline .
Here 's the thing about Tony , when he backs you , what he 's saying is , ' I 'm putting my name on the line for you . '
It 's like talking to your dad .
Nobody wants to disappoint him . "
According to Edwards , there was always a force -- or several forces -- pulling at Dungy .
When people would ask Edwards about Dungy , he would use the same line : " He works as a football coach , but that 's not who he is . "
It 's a phrase Dungy confirmed when he walked away from a perennial Super Bowl contender .
He immersed himself even more deeply in the community , visiting Indiana prisons , offering the path of re-entry -- and , by extension , redemption -- to the state 's inmates .
Always , the backbone was the church .
" At the time , Indianapolis had its highest homicide rate and lowest graduation rate .
I asked myself , how else can I use this platform ? "
Dungy says .
" There are other things I can do .
I had been coaching 28 years .
There was more the Lord had for me to do . "
Risk and rehabilitation
Had it been his first time to a prison , Dungy said , he would have been intimidated the day he flew to Leavenworth to meet Michael Vick in prison .
What struck him instead was the bitter and pointless contrast of it all : Vick , the electric master of the open field somber and confined to a room that was 10 feet by 16 feet .
And that was where they sat , in that little box , Vick , Dungy and Vick 's attorney , celebrity lawyer Billy Martin .
Vick was no longer wearing a $ 7,500 suit but rather a state - issued prison jumpsuit .
After 15 minutes , Martin excused himself , leaving Vick and Dungy to talk for the next two hours .
Geoff Burke / US Presswire Vick ( left ) and lawyer Billy Martin enter the federal courts building in Richmond , Va. , before Vick 's plea hearing on federal dogfighting charges on Aug. 27 , 2007 .
The fishing trip that never was has stayed with Dungy , and it affected him even more acutely in that room .
Vick 's double life had completely unraveled .
Vick was nearing completion of his 23 - month prison sentence for his role in funding the dogfighting operation .
Dungy 's wife , Lauren , had grown up in Pittsburgh , the same hometown as Martin , and , at her suggestion , Dungy reached out to Martin to discuss ways Dungy might be able to assist Vick .
Dungy met with Martin , and the two men flew to Kansas to visit Vick .
" We were in a little room , like a holding pen .
We went to the visitor 's quarters .
The guards were watching , " Dungy said .
" You sort of ask yourself how does he end up here ?
Then you realize you have guys that had n't Michael Vick ability , but they had talent , and they end up in that situation .
And it 's surreal how many times you see it .
You ask , ' How do we break the cycle ?
How 's he going to break his own cycle ? '
When I do a mass talk at a prison , it 's incredible , but that 's what you see .
So many 19 - , 20 - , 21 - year - old African - American men . "
In their conversations , Dungy said he did not require Vick to embrace Christianity for them to work together .
" I always ask about religion because it gives me a direction of where they need to go , " he said .
" If they say it 's something I 've considered , then we can talk about it , because maybe there is a lesson the Lord may be trying to teach .
If someone says religion is n't really important in my life or they are n't of the Christian faith , that does n't mean I 'm going to stop dealing with them .
It just means I have to go about it in a different way . "
It was a risky move .
Vick was radioactive , for the heinousness of his crimes and for his infamous meeting with Goodell two years earlier , when Vick told Goodell unequivocally that he was not involved with dogfighting .
Privately , Dungy 's friends were unsure why he would risk his name for Vick , whose level of contrition was , at best , unknown .
Dungy flew to Kansas , to the federal prison in Leavenworth , to meet with Vick .
Dungy recalls
Vick asking him , " How can I prove I 've changed ? "
" I asked him what he wanted to do .
I told him he was blessed with a lot of things and had wasted them all , " Dungy says .
" I remember asking him a lot of questions .
' Why are you in prison ? '
' Why are you not playing ? '
After those four hours , I was convinced he wanted to make it right .
For the first time , he wanted to make it right . "
On the strength of the Dungy name , Dungy , Billy Martin and Dr. Harry Edwards , a sociologist and San Francisco 49ers consultant , began to canvass the league .
First came negotiations with Goodell , followed by meetings with individual owners .
There were no takers .
" Michael Vick is not a horrible human being , " Harry Edwards says .
" On the other hand , he looked Roger right in the eye and said , ' I have no involvement in dogfighting . '
Whether or not Tony could have done something about it , well , you never know what could happen with two guys on the bank of the river with two beers and a fishing pole , but this was not Tony Dungy 's responsibility .
This was Michael Vick 's responsibility .
This was not the league 's responsibility .
This was Michael Vick 's responsibility .
Michael Vick was the one who got involved with the dogfighting .
He 's the one who is going to be disciplined , the one who is going to want the second chance .
" If he goes to the supermarket and busts open a bag of puppy chow , it 's going to be headlines , " Edwards says .
" It will always be on him , but if he could demonstrate he deserves another chance , he should have one .
The regimen should be authentic , and I give that credit to Tony . "
Howard Smith / US Presswire Vick is responsible for his own mistakes , Dr. Harry Edwards says , and must be authentic in his efforts to show he deserves a second chance .
A great -- and selfless -- counselor
On Sept. 3 , Boise State University defeated the University of Oregon 19 - 8 .
As the two teams left the field , Oregon running back LeGarrette Blount punched Boise State linebacker Byron Hout , knocking him to the ground .
Chip Kelly , coaching in his first game as Oregon coach , found himself with a firestorm on his hands , and he suspended Blount for the entire season .
Kelly was not sure he had done the right thing , that he had not overreacted .
He had never had to deal with a situation of similar magnitude , but he knew he would be perceived as indecisive -- or worse , weak -- if he reneged on his decision .
The video of Blount punching Hout had gone viral , spreading across the Internet , dominating the national news cycle for a day or so .
Joe Nicholson / US
Presswire Oregon football coach Chip Kelly had never spoken with Dungy , but thought the former coach could help LeGarrette Blount .
Although Kelly had never spoken to Tony Dungy in his life , he thought the former coach might be able to help him with his dilemma .
Dungy was contacted in the same fashion that virtually all high - level connections take place -- through well - placed mutual acquaintances .
Kelly 's agent , David Dunn of Athletes First , represented many of Dungy 's former players , such as John Lynch .
Kelly approached Dunn and asked whether he would broker a connection with Dungy .
Kelly had read Dungy 's book and admired the way he handled himself .
Meanwhile , James Harris , who worked at Oregon , approached Kelly .
Harris had been an intern with the San Francisco 49ers and suggested to Kelly that he contact Harry Edwards , best known for organizing the 1968 Summer Olympics boycott that led to the fusing of sport and society in a way unseen before or since .
Edwards , whose path had crossed Dungy 's frequently in the past quarter century , knew Dungy well .
Both had worked with the at - risk black male population ; Dungy visited prisons in Indianapolis , Edwards in San Francisco .
Dungy agreed to get involved .
" When this thing came down , Chip gave me a call .
I flew up to Oregon to sit down with him , " Edwards recalls .
" He said , ' You saw the incident , I believe it looked worse than it was , but images have a way of taking hold . '
He asked me if there was anybody who I thought could talk to the young man .
I told him Tony Dungy was a man of impeccable integrity , who understands young men . "
Dungy called Kelly and told him he wanted to speak to Blount .
When Dungy reached Blount , the two spoke by telephone for more than two hours .
" Chip told me he needed advice , " Dungy says .
" He was n't sure by suspending him for the whole season that he had done the right thing .
He said he was going to be criticized if he brought him back .
I told him to have the conviction of his decision .
Granting the second chance is up to you .
What he does with it is up to LeGarrette . "
Says Kelly : " I can't thank him enough for everything he 's done .
It says what kind of heart he has .
I know I 've learned a lot from him .
He did n't know Chip Kelly or LeGarrette Blount on Sept. 2 , and the next the day he was willing to reach out to us ?
He 's a great counselor . "
The question of why is never too far away when people try to assess Tony Dungy .
Why would he stick his neck out for Michael Vick or LeGarrette Blount or anyone ?
The gravitational pull Dungy feels toward rehabilitation is apparent , certainly at least some of its roots originating in pain , personal and impenetrable .
And the righteous man must find a way to transfer pain into purpose .
Three days before Christmas 2005 , Dungy 's 18 - year - old son , Jamie , took his own life .
Dungy explains that his family -- his wife , especially -- cannot bear the constant reminders , and thus does not want to discuss what occurred or its effects on his family .
His confidants , however , believe that his willingness to be vulnerable in public only increased the respect for him , which already was high .
" The man buried his own child , " Herm Edwards says .
" When you have kids , you never think of burying your own child .
Tony has always been committed to people , committed to his faith , so I can't say that he has put himself deeper into people because he had personal tragedy .
But I do think it has had an impact .
How could it not ? "
When he is at his worst , Dungy considers himself fortunate that he relies on a long - standing support group .
" I'm pretty fortunate , " he said .
" My wife has been a good sounding board .
She knows me .
Guys like Jim Caldwell and Clyde Christensen .
I always bounce things off of them .
The pastor that has been in my life since I was in Pittsburgh , Richard Farmer , has always been there .
We 've both moved on , but I have a lot of people who I feel I can talk to . "
Jason Bridge / US Presswire When Dungy walked away from the Colts , he walked away from a perennial Super Bowl contender and immersed himself in work off the field , including visiting inmates in Indiana prisons .
A long - awaited successor
Gerry Cranham / Offside Sports / US Presswire Arthur Ashe , after winning the Wimbledon title in 1975 .
" Finally , " Harry Edwards says , " someone has come onto the national scene to serve that bridge function left vacant after Arthur died . "
The worlds Dungy straddles could not be more different , which makes him invaluable .
He connects to the young black men who are , overwhelmingly , the financial fuel of top - level collegiate and professional sports .
Yet Dungy also has managed to cultivate the men in suits , the men who sign the checks , the ones who have little or no connection to African - Americans outside of athletics ( indeed , some owners are removed from their own teams ) , the ones who might be too insulated from the black perspective .
" The first time I met Arthur Ashe , I was organizing , and here 's this guy with a big Afro playing in these lily - white country clubs .
So I approached him and asked him for his support , " Harry Edwards says .
" Now , I wanted him to say what Bill Russell had said , that it was about time , but he said , ' Harry , that 's not my way . '
And I walked away thinking that he was an Uncle Tom .
" And then I came to appreciate the imperativeness of his way .
At some point everyone is going to have to sit at the table and come up with solutions to the problems we face in society .
Without Arthur Ashe , without that lesson , I still would have been on the other side of the fence .
And that 's the role Tony plays .
Finally , someone has come onto the national scene to serve that bridge function left vacant after Arthur died . "
In the world of 21st - century sports , Dungy cuts a unique figure .
He is as close to power as any individual in the game .
He is being courted by the Seattle Seahawks for a key front - office position , and is on the short list of virtually every club with a major job opening .
Goodell works with him in connecting to the players .
Dungy is the man in the boardroom , a valuable place to be .
Yet he connects to what could be described as the antithesis of power -- young African - American men , many at - risk , many in professional sports .
He is rooted in the church , and thus , so are his politics .
Consistent with his Christianity , he has publicly supported marriage as being defined only as a bond between a man and a woman , but he has contributed to the Indiana Democratic Party .
His success and standing have created immense financial opportunities .
He is in position , connected and popular , to become both an insider and a brand .
As of yet , Dungy has largely shunned the endorsement route of some of his peers , appearing only in a Motorola advertisement when he was coaching .
" No one had replaced Arthur since he died , " Harry Edwards says .
" Tony did that .
What made Dr. [ Martin Luther ]
King so effective was n't the sincerity and authenticity of his positions but that there was a genuine counterperspective where people said , ' Hey , this guy makes more sense . '
" I played that role for a lot of years .
When the applecart needed turning over , I turned it over .
Tony sorts through the apples , tosses the bad ones , polishes the good ones .
Someone has to play that role . "
Michael Zagaris / Getty Images Dr. Harry Edwards says
Dungy is a " man of impeccable integrity , who understands young men . "
Dungy is in demand and simultaneously at something of a crossroads .
He is connected to his faith , and the only thing he says he misses about coaching is the " family atmosphere of being with 53 guys and 10 coaches . "
That does not mean he will not return .
He says he worries about " overexposure , " the law of diminishing returns that guarantees that the more visible he is , the more people for whom he vouches , the less impact he might have in the long run .
" I 'm always worried about being overexposed .
I do n't want to be that person that people say is all over the place , all the time , " he says .
However , he also says he does not fear being used by athletes who need his moral imperative to scrub clean their images without actual reform .
He says he understands that , in today 's multimillion - dollar sports world , the idea of contrition can be as lucrative as actual change , but he points to situations when he did not vouch for a troubled athlete in a knee - jerk way .
When a former superstar player of his , Marvin Harrison , dealt with being implicated in a shooting in Philadelphia , Dungy did not rush to his defense .
Dungy recalled Harrison as being a very intense , private man .
They were not hostile but did not extend beyond the basic player - to - coach relationship .
" Once , we were in a meeting before a big game and I was joking a little with Marvin about how a corner on the other team had said something about wanting to cover him , " Dungy recalled .
" For the next couple of days , he did n't say anything to me .
Finally , I asked him if he was all right , and he said to me , ' Coach , I do n't joke about my business . ' "
Dungy does worry about his own image .
Should a player whom Dungy has helped betray that trust in the future , Dungy 's conscience , he says , will be clear .
" After 10 years working with San Quentin inmates , " Harry Edwards says , " I learned that everybody can save somebody but nobody can save everyone .
Tony believes he can save everybody , and I understand that .
He does believe he is doing God 's work .
I do n't think I 'm doing God 's work .
I believe I 'm doing the work my generation is supposed to do .
Every generation has to do its part and fight its own battles .
I fight mine , so the next generation does n't have to fight theirs and mine , so the previous generation does n't have to fight mine , as well as theirs .
" If you asked me , ' Is there one person who you do not feel who would betray that trust ? ' it would be Tony Dungy , " Edwards says .
" And I 'm a person who does n't believe there are any angels or saints down here .
All the saints are dead , all the angels in heaven .
Post - Tiger , at some level , we manage to blow it one way or another , but if there is one person , it would be him , and I 'm so grateful and happy that he 's here . "
At The London , the gawkers gawk , and Tony Dungy rises from his chair .
He 's wearing a crisp blue and white sweatsuit and walks through the restaurant .
While he stops and talks to the host , a preteen is sitting at a table behind him , staring in awe of Dungy , mouth agape , his fork holding a square of French toast frozen in the air .
The young man 's father , whose job it is to remind his son not to stare , forgets this basic parenting responsibility .
He has his reasons .
He is doing the exact same thing .
Tim Umphrey / Getty Images
" Tony 's always been a guy with great vision and great integrity , " says Herm Edwards , left .
" A man for whom the words and the life match up . "
Join the conversation about " Higher Calling . "
Howard Bryant is a senior writer for ESPN.com .
He is the author of " Shut Out : A Story of Race and Baseball in Boston , " " Juicing the Game : Drugs , Power and the Fight for the Soul of Major League Baseball " and " The Last Hero : A Life of Henry Aaron , " to be published in May .
He can be reached at Howard .
Bryant@espn3.com .
Earlier this week , Pew released a poll showing that — horrors ! — more people are back to thinking the Democratic Party is “ unfriendly ” to religion .
The survey was conducted in August , before the Democratic leadership in the House caved to the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops ’ insistence on restricting even private coverage for abortion services in the health care bill .
From Pew :
After peaking at 38 % in mid-2008 during Obama ’s presidential election campaign , the number of Americans describing the Democratic Party as friendly toward religion returned in mid-2009 to levels similar to those seen in 2005 through 2007 .
About one - in - five say Democrats are unfriendly toward religion ( 22 % ) , up from 15 % who felt that way last year but about the same as in surveys conducted in 2005 and 2006 .
Views of the Democrats ’ stance toward religion have soured sharply among groups that were already inclined to view the Democratic Party negatively , such as Republicans and white evangelical Protestants .
But they have also turned more negative among both independents as well as Democrats who are ideologically moderate or conservative .
What Pew leaves out of that summary is that among liberal Democrats , the view of their party ’s “ friendliness ” to religion remains unchanged from August 2008 to August 2009 ( 56 % find it “ friendly ” ) .
But a more important unanswered question is : why should we care ?
The thing about these “ friendly to religion ” polls is we do n’t know whether respondents think it ’s a good or bad thing for political parties to be “ friendly ” to religion , nor do we know what the definition of “ friendly ” is .
Are you “ friendly ” to religion if you go to church or take a call from a lobbyist for the U.S Conference of Catholic Bishops ?
Are you “ unfriendly ” to religion if you castigate the religious right for poisoning our politics ?
The friendly - unfriendly metrics are all about electoral politics , of course , but as with all incursions into religious pandering , elected officials risk running afoul of the Establishment Clause if they craft policy or legislation to suit a particular religious denomination .
I ’m not saying you ’d win at the Supreme Court making that argument — given the current composition of the Court — but it ’s not just a legalistic argument , it ’s a practical one too .
A big part of religious lobbying is smoke and mirrors ; this pastor is influential because he has a big megachurch ; the bishops are influential because they preside over 19,000 parishes across the country .
But we do n’t have a plethora of good measurements of whether the people who go to those churches care about or pay attention to leaderships ’ political positions , and if they do , whether they agree with them or even like the idea of religious leadership trying to influence legislation .
Since there are pro-choice Catholics in Congress , certainly they are well aware that good Catholics can part company with the hierarchy on any number of issues , including abortion .
Catholics represent about 23 % of the American population , so they are obviously a significant voting bloc with a chunk in the middle that are crucial swing voters .
But the quest to satisfy them by bending to the bishops or straining to be “ friendly ” to religion is not only misguided , but undemocratic .
According to the Pew Religious Landscape Survey , only 9 % of Catholics go to church more than once a week ; 33 % attend weekly .
But 19 % attend only once or twice a month ; 20 % only a few times a year , and a combined 19 % seldom or never .
That would mean that a good chunk of Catholics probably did n’t receive the bishops ’ bulletin insert on abortion in the health care bill at mass .
Moreover , only 19 % of Catholics believe “ there is only one true way to interpret the teachings of my religion ” while 77 % believe “ there is more than one true way to interpret the teachings of my religion . ”
A recent poll commissioned by Catholics for Choice found that “ 68 percent of Catholic voters in the US disapprove of US bishops saying that all Catholics should oppose the entire healthcare reform plan if it includes coverage for abortion and 56 percent think the bishops should not take a position on healthcare reform legislation in Congress . ”
The poll further found that “ only a small minority of Catholics , fewer than 15 percent , are in line with the bishops in believing that all abortion should be banned .
The rest can see circumstances in which legal abortion is an acceptable , even essential , aspect of health care . ”
Here is some non-scientific evidence of Catholic discontent : after an interview with Cardinal Daniel DiNardo , archbishop of the Archdiocese of Galveston - Houston and chair of the bishops ’
Committee on Pro-Life Activities , appeared in the Houston Chronicle , a Catholic wrote a scathing letter to the editor about his statements about the bishops ’ role in lobbying against abortion in health care reform .
“ I regard the church ’s stand as extremely hypocritical and insensitive to women who risk their health bearing the burden of having more children than they can afford , ” wrote Clara Dobay of Houston .
“ This issue should be decided within the family without coercion from any church .
The cardinal ’s effort to influence secular government on family decisions by holding Congress hostage is outrageous and should be considered a breach of the constitutionally mandated separation of church and state . ”
Another issue here is transparency .
Churches can lobby , as long as it comprises an insubstantial percentage of their overall activities ( but the Internal Revenue Service has never defined what that is ) .
Churches are , however , exempt from the Lobbying Disclosure
Act which requires other lobbyists , corporate and otherwise , to file quarterly reports showing how much they spent on lobbying and what laws they lobbied for and against .
Churches get all sorts of benefits from their status , including the tax exemption and an exemption from transparency in both lobbying and generally ( unlike other non-profits , they do not have to file publicly available tax returns ) .
This is because politicians are friendly to organized religion , and give them breaks other organizations do not enjoy .
But if churches are going to pressure legislators to shape legislation to their will , it seems like there is an even greater , not lesser , need for lobbying transparency : the Establishment Clause .
If churches are permitting to lobby , the public should at least have the right to see how they ’re going about it .
That ’s not about being “ friendly ” or “ unfriendly . ”
It ’s about being transparent and accountable to the public .
During its mission , Phoenix explored the red planet 's arctic plain
Nasa 's Mars Odyssey orbiter is set to listen for possible radio transmissions from the Phoenix Mars lander , to check if it has survived the Martian winter .
The agency said that communication from the lander was " extremely unlikely " .
Phoenix 's last communication was on 2 November 2008 , after it completed its study of an arctic Martian site .
Since then , this landing site has gone through autumn , winter and part of spring , and Phoenix was not designed to survive such temperature extremes .
Its electronics are likely to have broken up as temperatures plummeted .
But , just in case , Odyssey will pass over the Phoenix landing site approximately 10 times each day during three consecutive days of listening , beginning on 18 January .
It will undertake two longer " listening campaigns " in February and March .
Chad Edwards , chief telecommunications engineer for the Mars Exploration Programme at Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , US , said : " If Phoenix is transmitting , Odyssey will hear it .
" We will perform a sufficient number of contact attempts that if we do n't detect a transmission from Phoenix , we can have a high degree of confidence that the lander is not active . "
Dr Tom Pike from the UK's Imperial College , in London , led the development of Phoenix 's microscopy station , one of the only instruments that will still be functional if the lander comes back to life .
He told BBC News that the major concern was that the batteries would " not have held out through the winter " .
Dr Pike explained that temperatures had plummeted as low as minus 120C during the winter - cold enough to form a carbon dioxide snow .
" The batteries were not designed to withstand those temperatures , " he said .
" I think it 's highly unlikely they have survived , and I think that 's going to be the break point .
" If it does come back up , I will be very surprised - very pleasantly surprised .
I think we will beg , steal or borrow the money to get back out to Arizona , into mission control and back into our old seats to get the show on the road again . "
The solar - powered Phoenix landed in May 2008 , in the middle of the Martian summer , when the Sun never set at its polar landing site .
During its ground operations , the robot dug up and tested the Martian soil to see whether it had ever been capable of supporting life .
Probably its biggest achievement was in becoming the first Mars mission to " touch water " in the form of the ice it found just below the topsoil .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BEIJING 
As the Chinese government expands what it calls a campaign against pornography , cellular companies in Beijing and Shanghai have been told to suspend text services to cellphone users who are found to have sent messages with “ illegal or unhealthy content , ” state - run news media reported Tuesday .
China Mobile , one of the nation ’s largest cellular providers , reported that text messages would automatically be scanned for “ key words ” provided by the police , according to China Daily , a state - controlled English - language newspaper .
Messages will be deemed “ unhealthy ” if they violate undisclosed criteria established by the central government , the newspaper said .
The increased surveillance of text messages is the latest in a series of government efforts to severely tighten control of the Internet and other forms of communication .
Since late last year , China has closed hundreds of Web sites , including popular file - sharing sites , and limited its citizens ’ ability to set up personal Web sites .
NEW DELHI ( Reuters ) - Toyota Motor Co and Honda Motor
Co launched new compact cars to tap the fast - growing and price - sensitive India market as they and other automakers seek to put a dire 2009 behind them .
Onlookers stand next to Toyota 's compact car ' Etios ' at India 's Auto Expo in New Delhi January 5 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Vijay Mathur
Toyota , the world ’s largest automaker is a laggard in India , Asia ’s third biggest economy , and is facing increasing competition from rivals targeting one of the few bright spots in an industry ravaged by the global financial crisis .
At the Delhi Auto Expo on Tuesday , Honda also unveiled a new compact car , a five - seater model being developed especially for India and the other emerging markets that are quickly replacing major Western markets as a key battleground for auto firms .
“ India will play a pivotal role in Toyota ’s global expansion plans and the time has come for us to strategically accelerate our growth here , ” Toyota Vice - Chairman Kazuo Okamoto told a media conference to mark the launch of its new compact car , Etios .
Volkswagen , Europe ’s largest car maker , said it too aimed to be a significant player in India .
“ If you want to be a major player in India in the mass market , small cars are the way to go , ” said Jochem Heizmann , a member of Volkswagen Group ’s management board .
Volkswagen last month agreed to buy 20 percent of Suzuki Motor Corp to access its small car expertise and Indian exposure through market leader Maruti Suzuki .
Driven by the world ’s second - largest population , government incentives and a relatively strong domestic economy , Indian auto sales are set to grow about 16 percent this year to 1.4 million vehicles , after posting double - digit growth through most of 2009 .
By comparison , U.S. auto sales due later on Tuesday are expected to show the market there slumping to its worst year since 1982 , or possibly 1970 .
China is now set to surpass the United States as the world ’s largest auto market with about 13 million vehicles sold there this year , data this week should show .
Toyota , which has forecast an operating loss of 350 billion yen ( $ 3.8 billion ) in the year to March 2010 after the slump in the U.S. market , said more than 2,000 engineers in India and Japan worked for four years on the Etios .
Toyota said the car will go on sale later this year with an annual sales target of 70,000 units .
Analysts expect a price tag of less than 500,000 rupees ( $ 10,823 ) .
“ With the introduction of Etios , we hope to attain a sizeable market share in India in the shortest possible time , ” said Sandeep Singh , deputy managing director of marketing at Toyota ’s local unit , Toyota Kirloskar Motor .
CROWDED MARKET
Honda ’s new family car based on the “ Honda New Small Concept ” unveiled in Delhi will hit showrooms in India and Thailand by 2011 .
“ To raise Honda ’s presence further in this market , a small car like this is necessary , ” executive vice president Koichi Kondo said .
“ Downsizing and fuel economy are a major trend globally too . ”
The car , code - named 2CV , will have a maximum engine size of 1.2 liters to meet requirements for lower taxes and is expected to also be priced below 500,000 rupees .
It is one of 10 small cars due to be launched at India ’s Auto Expo this week .
Shinzo Nakanishi , chief executive officer of Maruti Suzuki , said the entry of so many new models would make it difficult for his company to defend its half share of the Indian market .
“ This is not an easy job this year with so many new cars being launched , ” he said .
“ We have to prepare ourselves well for the competition with more products and with better network . ”
Maruti Suzuki is the market leader with cut - price hatchbacks such as the Maruti 800 and Alto .
The mini and compact segments of cars shorter than 4 meters ( 13 ft 1.4 in ) account for three - quarters of India ’s car market .
The company was another to premiere a new model , a 7 - seat family car it said will create a new segment in the country .
Rival Tata Motors , which stormed to global prominence with the purchase of Ford ’s luxury Jaguar Land Rover brands and the launch of the super - cheap Nano , also launched a 7 - seater , one of several new models it unveiled at the show .
The push in India is not limited to passenger cars either .
U.S. motorcycle maker Harley - Davidson announced plans to launch 12 models there this year , and VE Commercial Vehicles , a joint venture between Eicher Motors and Volvo , plans to ramp up production capacity to 100,000 units by 2015 as it targets a 15 percent share of the heavy duty truck segment .
SOURCING Center
As well as its growing influence as a market , India is becoming an increasingly important center for building and exporting small , low - cost vehicles .
Volvo , the world ’s second biggest truck maker , will increase component sourcing from India by five times to $ 5 billion by 2015 , said Bertil Thoren , president of the Volvo Group Alliance Office .
Volkswagen , Europe ’s largest carmaker , said it will launch its Polo sedan model in India in the second half of 2010 , with half the components to be sourced locally , rising to three - quarters in three to four years .
Honda said it will also increase sourcing of parts from India for its new car , including more local steel , aiming to lift local content to 80 percent .
( $ 1=92.27 yen , 46.16 rupees )
Many thanks to all the following who support Stellar Forces on Patreon
Stellar Forces is a turn - based multi-player squad strategy game .
Take control of an elite squad and defeat opponents in one of 100 + missions .
Choose what to equip them with , where to deploy them , and then use whatever strategy and tactics you want to ensure victory .
Once you have registered using the PC or Android app , you can play as many games as you want .
This game has no adverts and no in - app purchases .
This game is played in a casual way .
Once you have taken your turn , your opponent is notified by e-mail that it is now their turn .
However , they may not take it straight away .
Typically , expect to take a turn and then wait about a day to take your next turn .
Of course , you can play as many concurrent games as you can handle if you get bored in the meantime !
Last calculated on 01 Oct 2020 00:13
Pos Name Points 1 Rost310 874 2 xeno 506 3 Dijon_p 496 4 RABID 483 5 Drigert 480 6 sztomi1981 465 7 Henry 's Cat 454 8 henoh 405 9 robsraiders 272 10 free palestine .
268
01 Oct 2020 01:19 : MelexKrieger2 ( The Attackers ) has defeated AI ( The Defenders ) in Moonbase Assault ( practise )
01 Oct 2020 01:01 : AI ( The Defenders ) has defeated MelexKrieger2 ( The Attackers ) in Moonbase Assault ( practise )
01 Oct 2020 00:44 : MelexKrieger2 ( The Assassins ) has defeated AI ( The Fugitives ) in The Assassins
30 Sep 2020 07:41 : MelexKrieger2 ( The Assassins ) has defeated AI ( The Fugitives ) in The Stealth Assassins ( practise )
30 Sep 2020 07:24 : MelexKrieger2 ( The Attackers ) has defeated AI ( The Defenders ) in Moonbase Assault ( practise )
Underground Colony
I 've just updated the server and increased all the unit 's morale , so panicking should be very rare if not impossible now .
I 've just updated the server and increased all the unit 's morale , so panicking should be very rare if not impossible now .
Posted by SteveSmith 1 days ago
Still cant shoot straight Looks like they held their shots until they had the opportunity to shoot Sterner . :p
Looks like they held their shots until they had the opportunity to shoot Sterner . :p
Posted by xeno 2 days ago
Still cant shoot straight Game just finished ... outhouses .... no opertunity fire by enemy even when I walked infront ?
but then I move sterner and they shoot him ? .
Steve Smith can you take a look .... bit weird
Game just finished ... outhouses .... no opertunity fire by enemy even when I walked infront ?
but then I move sterner and they shoot him ? .
Steve Smith can you take a look .... bit weird
Posted by robsraiders 2 days ago
Game 49898 : free palestine . , Rost310 in ' Denunciation ' I already thought that I lost
I already thought that I lost
Posted by Rost310 3 days ago
Game 49910 : Dijon_p , Rost310 in ' Alien '
Ha ha , I 've just seen this .
Your dog got his revenge !
Well done .
Ha ha , I 've just seen this .
Your dog got his revenge !
Well done .
Posted by Dijon_p 3 days ago
Game 49910 : Dijon_p , Rost310 in ' Alien '
It was like this : I was walking my dog in a quiet area when the hooligans started throwing Molotov cocktails .
At first , my dog was almost set on fire , and then , when I began to run away , they killed me .
I did n't touch anyone and did n't want to offend anyone .
I am simply torn apart by this injustice .
Do n't be offended that my angry dog is now hunting your ass .
It was like this : I was walking my dog in a quiet area when the hooligans started throwing Molotov cocktails .
At first , my dog was almost set on fire , and then , when I began to run away , they killed me .
I did n't touch anyone and did n't want to offend anyone .
I am simply torn apart by this injustice .
Do n't be offended that my angry dog is now hunting your ass .
Posted by Rost310 4 days ago
Still cant shoot straight
First time I 've ever played someone who 's used it ( cyber hoardes ) very effective at eating through armour LOL
First time I 've ever played someone who 's used it ( cyber hoardes ) very effective at eating through armour LOL
Posted by robsraiders 4 days ago
Still cant shoot straight Err , it 's a special " acidic " nerve gas that eats through metal ? :)
I 'll have a look ...
Err , it 's a special " acidic " nerve gas that eats through metal ? :)
I 'll have a look ...
Posted by SteveSmith 5 days ago
Still cant shoot straight @ Steve ...... nerve gas hurts battle droids and robots ?
@ Steve ...... nerve gas hurts battle droids and robots ?
Posted by robsraiders 5 days ago
Still cant shoot straight I always use Aimed Shot , unless my unit has n't got enough APs , in which case I use the next best , but only as a last resort .
Or if the enemy unit is close enough , I walk up to them and use an autoshot .
I always use Aimed Shot , unless my unit has n't got enough APs , in which case I use the next best , but only as a last resort .
Or if the enemy unit is close enough , I walk up to them and use an autoshot .
Posted by SteveSmith 5 days ago
Game 49892 : Drigert , xeno , Henry 's Cat , RABID in ' Battle Royale ' :) kaboom !
I ? m out of ammo now though .....
:) kaboom !
I ? m out of ammo now though .....
Posted by RABID 6 days ago
Still cant shoot straight
Its just frustrating losing games after firing dozens of shots and hitting walls .
The accuracy on this game needs completely overhauling .
Currently playing " crash site " .... if any of my squad could shoot straight the ambassador would be dead several times over .... most games just become random luck and I feel it takes the skill out of the game .
Dont get me wrong I 've played games where I felt sorry for the other player who 's turn it was to fire dozens of rounds point blank and miss .
Just seems so random .
Its just frustrating losing games after firing dozens of shots and hitting walls .
The accuracy on this game needs completely overhauling .
Currently playing " crash site " .... if any of my squad could shoot straight the ambassador would be dead several times over .... most games just become random luck and I feel it takes the skill out of the game .
Dont get me wrong I 've played games where I felt sorry for the other player who 's turn it was to fire dozens of rounds point blank and miss .
Just seems so random .
Posted by robsraiders 6 days ago
Underground Colony
Yeah , I 'm not a fan of it .
I can tolerate it in games where the unit numbers are small , but not large unit numbers when lots can suddenly panic and you get a chain reaction .
Yeah , I 'm not a fan of it .
I can tolerate it in games where the unit numbers are small , but not large unit numbers when lots can suddenly panic and you get a chain reaction .
Posted by xeno 7 days ago
Underground Colony
Definitely too easily scared .
Personally I do n't think it needs to be in the game at all .
Certainly a reduction in fear a good thing .
Definitely too easily scared .
Personally I do n't think it needs to be in the game at all .
Certainly a reduction in fear a good thing .
Posted by petermock 7 days ago
Underground Colony
Do we think the soldiers are too easy to scare ?
I can reduce the chance of panic if so .
Do we think the soldiers are too easy to scare ?
I can reduce the chance of panic if so .
Posted by SteveSmith 7 days ago
To Award Name From Dijon_p Award for Success is 99 % failure ( Soichiro Honda ) Rost310 xeno Award for Winning the 2019 Campaign !
SteveSmith Rost310 Award for Winning the 2019 Campaign !
SteveSmith petermock Award for Winning the 2019 Campaign !
SteveSmith RABID
Award for For playing campaign alone ...
EvilDick
King Ginge M has won the First Blood Trophy !
Previous winner : jam1cass won the First Blood Trophy
December opened up with another escalation in Afghanistan .
Then there was the sabotage of binding carbon reductions in Copenhagen .
On Christmas Eve , there was the Insurance Company Entitlement Act masquerading as health care reform .
By the end of the month a sharp debate had broken out in the progressive media and blogosphere .
The number of progressives airing their nagging doubts about the wisdom of putting all their eggs in the basket of the Democrats reached a critical mass .
It is not enough to say that Obama and the Democrats have betrayed progressives , or that , as always , the path to change begins with grassroots mobilization .
A critical part of the solution is a progressive third party .
Without the political independence of progressives , both major parties ignore progressives who are left holding their nose and voting for the Democrats as the lesser evil .
All the doubts in the back of progressives ' minds are coming into sharp focus .
The recycled Bushies and Clintonites appointed by the administration .
The trillions for war and Wall Street while unemployment , foreclosures , and economic stagnation deepened .
Single payer " off the table . "
Card check union recognition abandoned .
Complicity in Bush - era war crimes by refusing to " look back " and prosecute .
New crimes committed with the continuation of extraordinary rendition , secret prisons , torture by proxy , targeted assassinations , indefinite detention , habeas suspension , state secrets , military commissions , and warrantless wiretapping .
Tacit support for the Honduran military coup .
" Secret " wars in Pakistan , Somalia , and Yemen .
The list goes on .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
All the Austrian economists ( and none of the Keynesian clowns ) predicted the following : Unemployment Unchanged by Stimulus Projects
A federal spending surge of more than $ 20 billion for roads and bridges in President Barack Obama 's first stimulus has had no effect on local unemployment rates , raising questions about his argument for billions more to address an " urgent need to accelerate job growth . "
An Associated Press analysis of stimulus spending found that it did n't matter if a lot of money was spent on highways or none at all : Local unemployment rates rose and fell regardless .
And the stimulus spending only barely helped the beleaguered construction industry , the analysis showed .
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood defended the administration 's recovery program Monday , writing on his blog that " DOT - administered stimulus spending is the only thing propping up the transportation construction industry . "
But AP 's analysis , which was reviewed by independent economists at five universities , showed the strategy of pumping transportation money into counties has n't affected local unemployment rates so far .
The 400 - page stimulus law contains so many provisions - tax cuts , unemployment benefits , food stamps , state aid , military spending - economists agree that it 's nearly impossible to determine what worked best and replicate it .
It 's also impossible to quantify exactly what effect the stimulus has had on job creation , although Obama points to estimates that credit the recovery program for creating or saving 1.6 million jobs .
It is also becoming more difficult to obtain an accurate count of stimulus jobs .
Those who receive stimulus money can now credit jobs to the program even if they were never in jeopardy of being lost , according to new rules outlined by the White House 's Office of Management and Budget .
New Yardstick Needed
Dear Chairman Devaney :
Last November , I wrote to you to express my concern about the misleading number of jobs reported on the Recovery.gov website as " created / saved " by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( " Recovery Act " ) .
...
On December 18 , 2009 , the Obama Administration issued new guidance to recipients on how to report the use of stimulus money .
The new guidance drastically changed the formula for counting " created or saved " jobs .
Unless the Board modifies the " JOBS CREATED / SAVED " label and adds appropriate explanatory language about the new formula , the total jobs number on Recovery .
gov will be even more misleading .
The Administration 's original guidance defined a job " created " as " a new position created and filled or an existing unfilled position that is filled as a result of the Recovery Act . "
Similarly , the original guidance instructed recipients to count a job as " saved " if it " would not have been continued to be filled were it not for Recovery Act funding . " )
However , the new guidance counts every job that is funded using stimulus money - even if it existed before the Recovery Act , and was not in any danger of being eliminated , as " created or saved " .
This definition ignores the plain meanings of the words " created " and " saved , " and makes Recovery.gov 's " JOBS CREATED / SAVED " label a falsehood , further eroding the confidence of the American people in their government .
....
If All Else Fails , Change The Name
The House approved its $ 154 billion second stimulus package in its last vote of 2009 , little more than a week after a policy address Mr. Obama delivered at the Brookings Institution .
Yet perhaps the most intriguing part of that speech is what the president did not say .
Not once did he use the word " stimulus . "
The president 's increasing shyness about the S - word does not appear to be a coincidence .
Here 's a snippet from a December exchange between White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs and one reporter :
Reporter : " [ W ] hy are we talking about a second stimulus now ? "
Mr. Gibbs : " Well , again , you have n't heard the President talk about a second stimulus .
You heard the President discuss targeted ideas that he believes and the economic team believe will have a positive impact on private sector hiring , and creating an environment that will allow the private sector to make those hiring decisions positively . "
Reporter : " So it 's not a stimulus ? "
Mr. Gibbs : " The President has n't called it that and I do n't believe it is . "
Perhaps the reluctance to call the new package a second stimulus has something to do with the extravagant promises Mr. Obama made to sell the first .
Less than a month into Mr. Obama 's presidency , the first stimulus was pushed through partly on the promise that doing so would keep unemployment south of 8 % .
With Friday 's jobs numbers , the same people who sold us that one now have to explain why keeping unemployment at 10 % is progress .
In Washington when your policies do n't work , you do n't change them .
You change the name and hope nobody notices .
( NaturalNews ) According to the American Heart Association , cardiovascular disease is the number one killer in the U.S. Various forms of the disease take the lives of over 80 million Americans a year .
And while we 've all heard about the risk factors for cardiovascular disease -- including smoking , being overweight , high cholesterol and lack of exercise -- it appears it 's time to add bisphenol A , better known as BPA , to that list .
This chemical has been used for decades in polycarbonate plastic products including refillable drink containers , plastic eating utensils and baby bottles as well as the epoxy resins that line most food and soft - drink cans .
Now a new study just published in the journalprovides the most compelling evidence so far that BPA exposure is dangerous to the cardiovascular system .
Using 2006 data from the US government 's National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey ( NHANES ) , researchers from the Peninsula Medical School at the University of Exeter in the UK studied urinary BPA concentrations and found a significantly strong link between BPA exposure and heart disease .
In 2008 , these same scientists discovered that higher urinary BPA concentrations were associated with a long list of medical problems in adults , including liver dysfunction , diabetes and obesity .
Despite the fact the new study found that urinary BPA concentrations were one third lower than those measured from 2003 to 2004 , higher concentrations of BPA were still associated with heart disease .
" This is only the second analysis of BPA in a large human population sample .
It has allowed us to largely confirm our original analysis and exclude the possibility that our original findings were a statistical ' blip ' , " David Melzer , Professor of Epidemiology and Public Health at the Peninsula Medical School and the research team leader , said in a statement to the media .
"
We now need to investigate what causes these health risk associations in more detail and to clarify whether they are caused by BPA itself or by some other factor linked to BPA exposure .
The risks associated with exposure to BPA may be small , but they are relevant to very large numbers of people .
This information is important since it provides a great opportunity for intervention to reduce the risks , " added scientist Tamara Galloway , Professor of Ecotoxicology at the University of Exeter and senior author of the paper .
As NaturalNews has previously reported , BPA exposure has been shown in other studies to be associated with neurological problems ( https://www.naturalnews.com/025801_BPA_plasti...
) , diabetes and aggressive behavior in little girls ( https://www.naturalnews.com/027382_BPA_plasti... ) .
Unfortunately , the FDA has demonstrated little ability or interest in taking decisive measures to protect consumers from this chemical ( https://www.naturalnews.com/024593_the_FDA_BP... ) . Your best strategy to avoid BPA ?
Eat natural , fresh foods and stay away from cans , bottles and other plastic containing products that are not certified BPA - free .
The British doctor whose suggestion of a link between the MMR shot and autism helped cause vaccination rates to plunge conducted his now - discredited research in a dishonest and irresponsible manner , medical authorities here concluded Thursday .
It was the latest development in a long - running health controversy that has seen measles make a comeback among British children after being all but wiped out .
The General Medical Council , Britain ’s medical regulator , found that Andrew Wakefield acted unethically in the way he collected blood samples from children and in his failure to disclose payments from lawyers representing parents who believed the vaccinations for measles , mumps and rubella -- given as a single shot , referred to as the MMR vaccine -- had hurt their kids .
The regulator also concluded that Wakefield acted with “ callous disregard ” by conducting invasive tests on children that were not in their best medical interests .
Advertisement
Wakefield , who now lives and works in the United States , called the allegations “ unfounded and unjust ” and expressed deep disappointment with the council ’s finding .
He told reporters he had “ no regrets ” over his work .
In 1998 , Wakefield caused a national -- and , later , international -- stir with a study published in the prestigious British medical journal Lancet that suggested a possible link between the MMR vaccine and child autism .
His subsequent , widely publicized comments that he could no longer in good conscience recommend the vaccine to parents caused a dramatic drop in vaccination rates across Britain .
A Wakefield appearance on “ 60 Minutes ” helped fuel a vocal anti-vaccination movement in the United States .
His study , however , was based on just 12 children .
Lancet later declared that it should not have published the report , and further studies have not been able to replicate Wakefield ’s results .
Advertisement
Although MMR vaccination rates have begun to recover , Britain has seen a surge in measles among children : more than 1,000 cases in 2008 , an increase from several dozen annually a decade earlier .
In its findings , presented Thursday after an investigation that took more than two years , the regulator did not rule on Wakefield ’s conclusions from his research .
But it said his research practices had been unacceptable .
Those included taking blood samples from children at his son ’s birthday party and paying them each about $ 8 , the regulator found .
He also performed spinal taps on children at a hospital without due regard for how they might be affected , it said .
It has not yet been decided whether any disciplinary action will be taken against Wakefield , including revocation of his right to practice medicine in Britain .
Advertisement
Wakefield , who now practices in Austin , Texas , came to London for the council ’s decision Thursday .
“ The allegations against me . . . are both unfounded and unjust , ” he said , standing amid a small knot of supporters .
“ It remains finally for me to thank parents whose commitment , whose loyalty has been extraordinary , and I want to reassure them that the science will continue in earnest . ”
henry.chu@latimes.com
This is great stuff .
Picking Apart Washington ’s Scum
“ As everyone and his cousin knows , the neocons are my least favorite “ Washington insiders ” and they divide generally into two categories , the ill - mannered , touchy Jews and their groveling or adulatory Christian assistants . ”
That ’s a priceless line there .
The Stupid and Evil Party
As the “ sensitivity ” net widens and as unauthorized questions about race , gender , and lifestyle are put outside the limits of “ sensitive ” dialogue , we will suffer as an already diminished free society .
While there is plenty of blame to go around for this situation , the GOP has done its part here , in its desperate hunger for minority votes .
As a right - of - center party , which it sometimes claims to be , it should be fighting for economic freedom , distributed governing powers , and an end to the war against discrimination , understood as making us speak like graduates of a multicultural indoctrination session .
Now the GOP has moved out in front as an advocate of leftwing thought and speech control .
PC Purists
Presumably being a Republican , no matter what the party leaders say , identifies the party loyalist as a white Southerner .
One might also observe , as Lew Rockwell has many times , that the South is full of military installations and disproportionately represented among military forces .
Given such a connection , white Southerners with fading historical memories do n’t seem to care about supporting a party that condemns the display of Confederate flags and praises the glories of Reconstruction .
After all , the GOP is good at providing military build - ups and military engagements .
The GOP may go from waffling into strongly backing affirmative action as well as speech control in the name of sensitivity .
Providing it can hold on to the business interests it serves , offer military opportunities for certain constituents , and pacify the Religious Right by allying itself with the Zionist Right and critics of abortion rights , the GOP could possibly move to the left on minority outreach , without incurring any major defections in its ranks .
Every day I run into people who were once Republicans but are now disgusted by how the GOP has betrayed the American heritage of freedom .
I trust this disgust will become even more widespread and that it will generate support for an alternative party , one that is serious about a return to small , decentralized government and about opposing the tyranny of Political Correctness .
Needless to say , I do n’t expect the Republican leadership to help forge such a party .
They are the opposition that would have to be dealt with if such an alternative can prevail .
We like Florence : she 's considerate , sweet , pretty , and terrific with kids and dogs .
She 's twenty - five , personal assistant to an L.A. family that 's off on vacation .
Her boss 's brother comes in from New York City , fresh from a stay at an asylum , to take care of the house .
He 's Roger , a forty - year - old carpenter , gone from L.A. for fifteen years .
He arrives , does n't drive , and needs Florence 's help , especially with the family 's dog .
He 's also connecting with former band - mates - two men and one woman with whom he has a history .
He over - analyzes , has a short fuse , and does n't laugh at himself easily .
As he navigates past and present , he 's his own saboteur .
And what of Florence ? is Roger one more responsibility for her or something else ?
Written by < jhailey@hotmail.com >
The threat of renewed sectarian violence is at its highest in years .
But it ’s a seamy affair between Northern Ireland ’s most famous female politician and a man nearly 40 years her junior that has put the province ’s fragile peace pact between Roman Catholics and Protestants in danger of unraveling .
The woman in question is Iris Robinson , 60 , the glamorous wife of the leader of Northern Ireland and a canny lawmaker in her own right .
For months , she maintained a sexual relationship with a 19 - year - old , then allegedly helped set him up in business with money secretly lent her by a pair of property developers .
Revelation of the affair last week was enough to trigger outrage in Northern Ireland , where Robinson had been an outspoken advocate of traditional family values and publicly denounced homosexuality as an abomination .
But allegations that she committed not just adultery but also financial malfeasance have thrown into doubt the historic power - sharing agreement between republican - minded Catholics and Protestants loyal to the British crown .
Robinson ’s husband , Peter , is accused of having found out about the secret loans but not reporting them .
That could force his resignation as Northern Ireland ’s first minister at a crucial moment when many observers consider him one of the key forces holding the unity government together .
The government is grappling with the contentious issue of devolving authority over police and the judicial system from the British government in London to provincial officials in Belfast .
Clues to Peter Robinson ’s fate may emerge today after he meets with officers of his Democratic Unionist Party .
Iris Robinson reportedly is already preparing to step down as a member of the British Parliament and of the Northern Ireland Assembly , her highflying political career almost certainly over .
David Trimble , a former first minister who shared in the 1998 Nobel Peace Prize for helping end the conflict in Northern Ireland , said Peter Robinson ’s credibility had been fatally compromised .
“ It ’s clear from events within the Democratic Unionist Party that his authority has gone and his capacity to lead that party is very . . . seriously hindered , ” Trimble told the BBC on Sunday .
“ I think that political reality over the next few days will lead the party toward a change . ”
A change in leadership might precipitate elections in the province , which could then strengthen harder - line parties on both sides of the divide , putting an agreement on the hand - over of police and justice powers further out of reach .
The transfer of such authority is arguably the most important challenge still outstanding for the 1998 Good Friday peace accord that formally ended “ the Troubles ” in Northern Ireland .
Republicans regard a hand - over as the necessary end to an instrument of British oppression , while unionists fear it would give their onetime bitter enemies the upper hand .
An agreement is already past its formal deadline , and the power - sharing government in Belfast , the Northern Irish capital , is teetering on collapse .
Peter Robinson , though not highly popular as first minister , had been seen by many as one of the few leaders able to help steer an agreement through .
The public rallied to his side last week when , looking numb , he publicly revealed his wife ’s affair after having kept it private for months .
But a few days later , the BBC broadcast an investigation alleging that Robinson knew his wife had solicited loans from businesspeople to help her paramour open a coffee shop yet failed to report it to authorities , as political ethics rules demand .
In a statement , Robinson declared that he had “ done nothing wrong ” and that he was being “ tried in the media . ”
He promised to appoint an independent counsel to investigate the scandal .
But public sympathy for Northern Ireland ’s “ first couple ” has now given way to anger -- and ridicule -- as the details of Iris Robinson ’s relationship with Kirk McCambley , now 21 , have leaked out .
She took McCambley , the son of her butcher , under her wing when his father died in 2008 , allegedly calling him “ the other son I would have loved to have been a mother to . ” ( Robinson and her husband have three grown children . )
“ She made sure I was OK , ” McCambley told the BBC .
Soon , their relationship turned into a sexual one .
When McCambley showed an interest in opening up a cafe , despite next to no business experience or funds , Iris Robinson allegedly asked two developers for loans totaling $ 80,000 , most of which was passed along to McCambley , except for $ 8,000 , which she is alleged to have kept for herself .
The affair ended in late 2008 .
In March of last year , by which time her husband had learned of her infidelity , Iris Robinson tried to commit suicide , she later revealed .
The affair has inevitably spawned gleeful comparisons to “ The Graduate , ” in which the middle - aged Anne Bancroft seduces young Dustin Hoffman .
“ Here ’s to you , Mrs. Robinson , ” the Guardian newspaper splashed on its front page Saturday , invoking the Simon and Garfunkel song from the film over a photo of McCambley serving up a cup of coffee .
The people of Northern Ireland are less amused , with many responding to the Robinsons ’ alleged misconduct with the stony sound of silence .
henry.chu@latimes.com
Back in April , Heineken took a page out of Bud Light ’s funny - book and created some pretty comical ads showing a comparison between a woman ’s fantasy closet filled with couture apparel and a guy ’s penultimate setup filled with beer .
Taking things one step further , as a follow - up , massive cardboard boxes with the words ‘ Walk - in Fridge ’ were strewn around Amsterdam just before garbage day .
MINI recently hopped on the this bandwagon just after Christmas , strategically distributing massive cardboard cartons with torn gift wrapping in trash heaps all over the same Dutch city .
Each box had a large diagram of the car with the words MINI COOPER across the top as if the car had been packaged inside .
Naturally , people were intrigued with the ad campaign and their reactions were caught on video ( after the jump ) .
This marketing ploy seems much better tailored to MINI with its diminutive hatchbacks and I ’m surprised that Heineken ’s ad firm , BWA \Neboko , beat them to the punch .
That said , Crispin Porter +
Bogusky created the original guerrilla marketing tactics for MINI back in the day and it ’s great to see that the current agency , Ubachswisbrun / JWT , is still keeping things exciting .
This was a cool piggy - back campaign .
Hopefully MINI hired a cleaning service to clean up the cardboard once the marketing campaign was finished .
Source : Creative Criminals
" It was also some of the most fun I 've ever had , playing with grown men like Jerry Korab , Gilbert Perreault and listening to their stories -- things I 'll cherish .
There was no pressure , no one expected me to be as successful as I was . "
This site costs a lot of money in bandwidth and resources .
We are glad to bring it to you free , but would you consider helping support our site by making a donation ?
Any amount would go a long way towards helping us continue to provide this useful service to the community .
Click on the Paypal button below to donate .
Your support is most appreciated !
He could use some itch relief right about now .
Working on behalf of the MPAA and their Hollywood studio partners , anti-piracy outfit BREIN achieved a notable victory last year when it partially shut down Mininova .
This success , however , appears to be just the tip of the iceberg .
Did you know BREIN shut down 393 torrent sites in 2009 ?
No ?
Neither did we .
After seemingly relentless pressure , last year anti-piracy outfit BREIN had their greatest achievement to date .
After an earlier court decision went against them , Mininova , one of the most important torrent sites on the Internet , finally had to give in to the desires of the movie - orientated anti-piracy outfit , removing virtually all of their torrents .
It is difficult to downplay this success .
BREIN must have been absolutely delighted that all their hard work and investment had paid off , stopping Mininova in its tracks just a short time after the site had served up its 10 billionth torrent .
The Dutch anti-piracy group also had a fairly significant victory over The Pirate Bay .
In common with the earlier decision against Mininova , a Dutch Court ruled that The Pirate Bay has to remove a list of torrents linking to copyrighted works by 1st March 2010 .
While it had a win over Mininova and a limited win over The Pirate Bay , both of which attracted mountains of press , it seems the Netherlands - based group has been hiding its biggest successes from almost everyone .
According to figures just released by BREIN , the group shut down a staggering 615 “ illegal websites ” in 2009 and , apparently , BitTorrent sites made up the majority .
TorrentFreak knew that BREIN had shut down a handful of torrent sites , 19 very small sites for example ( plus TorrentVault which was targeted but still operates today via Sweden ) , but we were absolutely oblivious to the sheer numbers now being claimed .
Total BitTorrent sites BREIN said it closed down in 2009 – a staggering 393 .
And it does n’t stop there .
The anti-piracy group also says it shut down 35 eD2 K servers , 38 streaming video sites and 14 Usenet portals / NZB sites .
While these closures would have no doubt been very noticeable for those that used the sites and services in question , one has to question how many people were actually using them .
Unfortunately , we ’re a little bit in the dark , since aside from the sites we mentioned above , a grand total of zero emails flooded into TorrentFreak during 2009 requesting information on the other several hundred closures .
So , if you know any of those we have n’t listed , please post them in the comments .
We ’d love to know exactly how much damage these closures did to BitTorrent .
Our suspicions at this point are , not very much at all .
Soros brands gold ' the ultimate bubble '
George Soros , one of the world 's most successful investors has declared that gold is now the ' the ultimate bubble ' .
Watch out : George Soros has called gold the ' ultimate bubble '
The billionaire hedge fund manager made the comment at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland .
Gold , typically viewed as the ultimate defense in wealth preservation , has witnessed its value surge during the financial crisis .
Worldwide , most precious metals have been enjoying strong gains as a result of the low interest rate environment and accommodative monetary policy .
Guide : Investing in gold
But Soros cautioned that with interest rates in the doldrums globally , leaders were in danger of creating new bubbles which in turn could spur on further future crashes .
He said : ' When interest rates are low we have conditions for asset bubbles to develop , and they are developing at the moment .
The ultimate asset bubble is gold . '
Fears of inflation - rising prices destroy the value of paper assets such as cash , shares and bonds - have driven investors to solid assets such as gold .
Bullion has benefited hugely from the weakness of the dollar over the past year but fallen recently as the dollar has gained .
The spot gold price hit a closing day high of £ 1,216 on 2 December but has since fallen by 10.5 % to close at $ 1,088 yesterday .
The $ 10 fall in the gold spot price yesterday came as the dollar strengthened again on fears of Eurozone weakness .
Fresh concerns over Greek debt and its effect on the euro helped to lift the dollar to a six - month high against it .
Gold 's rich vein of form
Gold has enjoyed an incredible run over the past decade making it one of the world best performing investments , rising from a low of $ 252 in 1999 .
The cost of bullion surged by almost 40 % in 2009 and in early December , after India moved to substantially beef - up its reserves the price of gold hit a new high .
The spot price hit a trading high of $ 1,227 an ounce on 3 December before pulling back to below its opening level of $ 1,216 .
Concerns increased throughout 2009 that programmes of quantitative easing - electronic money creation - may stoke future inflationary pressures helped gold 's surge .
Those fears have not gone away and Soros commented that the upcoming exit strategies of governments from quantitative easing programmes could risk sending the global economy back into a double dip recession .
He said : ' I think that since the adjustment process to the recession is incomplete , there is a need for additional stimulus .
Some countries , like the US and European countries , have plenty of room to increase their deficits .
The political resistance to doing so increases the chances of a double dip in the economy in 2011 and after that . '
Here are the key dates tracing gold 's historic rise ...
Source : Reuters
* August 1971 - United States President Richard Nixon takes the dollar off the ' gold standard ' , which fixed paper notes ' value to a pre-set quantity of gold .
It had been in place , with minor modifications , since the Bretton Woods Agreement of 1944 fixed the conversion rate for one troy ounce of gold at $ 35 .
* August 1972 - US devalues dollar to $ 38 / ounce of gold .
* March 1973 - Most major countries adopt floating exchange rate system .
* May - US devalues US dollar to $ 42.22 per ounce .
* January 1980 - Gold hits record high at $ 850 per ounce .
High inflation because of strong oil prices , Soviet intervention in Afghanistan and the impact of the Iranian revolution , prompts investors to move into the metal .
* August 1999 - Gold falls to $ 251.70 on fears of central banks reducing reserves , and mining companies selling gold in forward markets to protect against falling prices .
* October 1999 - Gold reaches a two - year high at $ 338 after agreement to limit gold sales by 15 European central banks .
Market sentiment toward gold begins to turn more positive .
* February 2003 - Gold reaches a four and a half year high on safe - haven buying in run-up to conflict with Iraq .
* December - January 2004 - Gold breaks above $ 400 , levels last traded in 1988 .
Investors turn to gold as risk insurance .
* November 2005 - Spot gold breaches $ 500 for the first time since December 1987 , when spot hit $ 502.97 .
* April 11 , 2006 - Gold surpasses $ 600 , the highest since December 1980 , with funds and investors jumping into commodities on a weak dollar , firm oil prices and geopolitical worries .
* May 12 - Gold prices peak at $ 730 an ounce with funds and investors pouring money into commodities on a weak dollar , firm oil prices and political tensions over Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
* June 14 - Gold falls 26 % to $ 543 from its 26 - year peak after investors sell out of commodity positions .
* Nov. 7 , 2007 - Spot gold hits 28 - year high : $ 845.40 / ounce .
* Jan. 2 , 2008 - Spot gold breaks above $ 850 .
* March 13 - Benchmark gold contract trades over $ 1,000 for the first time in the US futures market .
* March 17 - Spot gold hits an all - time high of $ 1,030.80 an ounce .
US gold futures touch record peak of $ 1,033.90 .
* Sept. 17 - Spot gold rises almost $ 90 / ounce , a record one - day gain .
Investors seek safety amid equity market turmoil .
* Feb. 20 , 2009 - US gold futures rise back above $ 1,000 an ounce to a peak of $ 1,005.40 as investors turn to gold as major economies face recession and equity markets tumble .
* Sept. 8 - US gold futures hit $ 1,000 an ounce for the first time since February as the dollar 's weakness , concerns about the sustainability of global economic recovery and worries about future inflation underpinned sentiment .
* Nov. 3 - Gold crests $ 1,080 an ounce , defying dollar strength as the International Monetary Fund 's 200 - tonne sale of gold to India 's central bank boosts sentiment .
* Nov. 6 - New
York gold futures rise to a record above $ 1,100 as the dollar eases in the wake of weaker - than - expected US non -farm payrolls data , while spot gold hits a record high at $ 1,100.90 an ounce .
* Nov 26 - Spot gold rises above $ 1,192.60 per ounce , extending gains from the day before .
* Dec 1 - Gold hits record highs of $ 1,198.70 an ounce in Europe , as the dollar weakens against a basket of currencies after policy comments from the Bank of Japan .
* Dec 3 - Spot gold price reaches $ 1,227 per ounce
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
There exists a large body of scientific literature which suggests that
After the prosecution had their say last week , OiNK founder Alan Ellis told the Court his side of the story today .
Ellis denied conspiring to defraud the music industry and explained that he started the tracker to improve his programming skills .
The OiNK trial has been underway for more than a week now .
Although there is virtually no press covering the daily proceedings , it is very clear that there is an immense gap between how the music industry portrays Ellis , and how he sees the role he played on the OiNK website .
From the very beginning , the music industry has pictured the site ’s founder as someone who charges users for access to the site , claiming that it was set up to make profits from infringing on the rights of the major record labels .
Its users were criminals who conspired to steal from the music industry for reasons other than the enjoyment of music , music industry groups claimed .
“ This was not a case of friends sharing music for pleasure , ” Jeremy Banks of the IFPI said shortly after the site fell , insinuating that profits were made behind the scenes .
Last week the prosecution in the OiNK trial continued down the same path , pointing out that Ellis had gathered nearly $ 300,000 from voluntary donations over the years .
They made it seem like Ellis was running a profitable business but failed to mention that a large chunk of this money was continuously invested back into the site and its running costs .
No proof was provided that Ellis used any of the donation money to enrich himself .
He had the equivalent of $ 32,500 in several savings accounts at the time of his arrest .
Ellis planned to use this money to buy servers for the tracker .
This week Ellis has the chance to start telling the Court his side of the story , and has been detailing how he initially hosted the tracker in his own bedroom when he was studying at Teesside University .
Ellis explained how OiNK began as a pet project with the sole purpose of improving his “ outdated ” UK honours degree in software engineering .
“ I did n’t have an intention , I was furthering my skills as a programmer , as a software engineer , ” Ellis told Teesside Crown Court today .
Ellis , who was working on the backend of the site to make sure that everything kept running , was merely providing a platform for OiNK ’s users to share whatever they wanted .
He denied the charges of conspiracy to defraud the music industry .
The case continues .
Of all the consequences of shrinking newsrooms , one of the oddest is this : Fewer journalists are available to watch people die .
But Michael Graczyk has witnessed more than 300 deaths , and many of those were people he had come to know .
An Associated Press reporter based in Houston , Mr. Graczyk covers death penalty cases in Texas , the state that uses capital punishment far more than any other , and since the 1980s , he has attended nearly every execution the state has carried out  he has lost track of the precise count .
Whenever possible , he has also interviewed the condemned killers and their victims ’ families .
What makes his record all the more extraordinary is that often , Mr. Graczyk ’s has been the only account of the execution given to the world at large .
Covering executions was once considered an obligatory  if often ghoulish  part of what a newspaper did , like writing up school board meetings and printing box scores , but one by one , such dutiful traditions have fallen away .
A generation ago , he had plenty of company from other journalists at the prison at Huntsville , about an hour ’s drive north of Houston , where executions in Texas are carried out .
But then Texas executions went from rare to routine , and shrinking news organizations found it harder to justify the expense of what was , from most parts of the state , a long trip .
Lawmakers , Mr. Paterson charged , had too often bowed to the wishes of powerful special interests , feeding an “ addiction to spending , power and approval ” and plunging the state into economic catastrophe .
“ No longer are we going to run New York like a payday loan operation , ” the governor vowed .
Referring to industry and labor lobbyists in the chamber , he declared , “ The moneyed interests  many are here today as guests  have got to understand that their days of influence in this town are numbered . ”
But after warning lawmakers for months of the state ’s impending fiscal ruin , Mr. Paterson seemed determined to offer hope as well as caution , suggesting that state officials now had an opportunity to restore New York to glory .
“ There is still time to rebuild the Empire State , ” Mr. Paterson told the lawmakers .
“ Work with me , follow me , so that New York can turn the corner . ”
Mr. Paterson ’s ethics proposals are the most ambitious ever offered by a New York governor , and would not only set term limits for all lawmakers and statewide officials , but also ban corporate campaign contributions , reduce individual contribution limits from a maximum of $ 55,900 to $ 1,000 , and require all lawmakers to disclose all their outside sources of income .
The governor also proposed new policies aimed at spurring job creation and economic development , especially in the beleaguered upstate region .
Chief among Mr. Paterson ’s goals is scrapping the scandal - plagued Empire Zone program of business tax breaks and replacing it with new one , called the Excelsior Jobs program , that would focus on high - tech development and so - called green jobs .
With statewide elections less than a year away , and his own future as uncertain as New York ’s finances , Mr. Paterson ’s speech carried an inevitable subtext  not least because he delivered his remarks with Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo , his likely challenger in the Democratic primary , standing just a few feet away on the dais .
A 17 - year - long intense competition to synthesize a fascinatingly weird and complex compound has finally ended .
The first 25 - step process for building the compound , Palau'amine , out of molecular components was published in Angewandte Chemie last week .
You might think that the substance causing all the fuss is slated to be a medical miracle , and indeed it does have some fascinating antifungal , antibiotic and anticancer properties ( .pdf ) .
But the real reason dozens of chemistry Ph.D. students put their blood , sweat and tears into synthesizing it was simpler : glory .
Because the compound , called Palau'amine , is so strange and so difficult to make , it became a sort of Excalibur , with several labs around the world vying to be the first to build it .
Many people had tried to synthesize the chemical , and many had failed until Phil Baran 's Scripps Research Institute team finally got it right .
" [ Synthetic chemistry ] is a voyage into finding out how little we know , " Baran said .
After this particular adventure , we now know a little more about how to join atoms together in exotic molecular structures .
It might not change your life today , but the techniques developed to build it could one day be used create other medicinal compounds .
Palau 'amine got its the name from its home island in the South Pacific .
It was isolated from a marine sponge like the one in the photo above 17 years ago .
The sponge produces the strange substance to kill anything trying to eat it .
" It 's known by the indigenous people of Palau as the toxic sponge , " Baran said .
" They know , do n't mess with that sponge .
And part of the reason is that it makes crazy things like this . "
While the chemical synthesis of molecules may not be voted " Sexiest Field " in a scientific popularity contest , chemists like Baran and his competitors create the many drugs of modern medicine , among other things .
The process of synthesizing molecules remains largely trial - and - error .
Different substances are mixed at different temperatures and pressures in hopes of finding just the right transformations to create a desired configuration of atoms .
Some chemical structures are easy to create , while others possess attributes that make them particularly hard to build .
Palau 'amine represents the extreme end of the difficulty scale .
Larry Overman , an organic chemist at the University of California , Irvine , told Chemical and Engineering News that " its nasty physical properties had undermined total synthesis endeavors in leading laboratories worldwide . "
So , Baran 's lab had to come up with some new ways of doing chemistry .
First , they had to deal with its nine nitrogen atoms .
Nitrogen atoms are extremely difficult to deal with at a molecular level .
Baran said there 's an old joke that " every one nitrogen atom adds seven years " to the Ph.D. - student time necessary to learn to synthesize it .
Most approaches to nitrogen components focus on covering them up with what Baran called " wet blanket " molecules that keep them messing up reactions .
" What we tried to do was take off the blanket and deal with the naked groups , " he said .
And it worked .
Second , the actual structure of the compound is difficult to hold together .
Two of its ring structures in particular cause problems .
" It 's a highly strained compound , " Baran said .
" If you make a plastic model of the compound , it wants to pop open . "
The structure is so odd , in fact , that after years of study , the hypothesized structure of the compound had to be cast aside in 2007 .
Despite the long history of synthesis failures , Baran 's lab kept at it .
While the rest of the chemistry world had been working with a flawed model structure , his team 's work with other compounds produced by similar sponges led them to the right structure long before other scientists realized the errors in their ways .
Baran does n't expect to see Palau 'amine commercialized , so do n't expect to see it curing disease anytime soon .
Some of the tools his lab came up with to synthesize the compound , like a silver - based oxidizer , are already making their way into the chemistry world .
" The overriding goal is invention , " Baran concluded .
" The general theme of our lab is to at least match , if not outdo , nature . "
Image : Carlos F. Barbas
Citation : " Total Synthesis of Palauamine " by Ian Seiple , Shun Su , Ian S. Young , Chad A. Lewis , Junichiro Yamaguchi , and Phil S. Baran
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
Reformas integrales e interiorismo
Empresa especializada en reformas integrales & diseño de interiores , que busca crear ambientes donde puedas conseguir el máximo confort , funcionalidad y estética .
Siempre de acuerdo a las últimas tendencias .
Realizamos reformas completas en toda la Comunidad de Madrid ya sea reformas integrales en viviendas de particulares , comunidades de vecinos como en locales comerciales , incluso para otras empresas .
A high school student found to have marijuana in the classroom would seem to be a prime candidate for a little “ talk ” with the vice principal – and maybe a trip to the police station .
But around the country today , hundreds – perhaps thousands – of high schoolers are bringing pot to school , and they ’re doing it legally .
Not to get stoned , but as part of prescribed medical treatment .
And they do n’t have to tell school authorities about it .
This is putting teachers and principals in a new and challenging position .
In many counties and school districts , there are no clear guidelines – for school officials , students , or parents .
“ This is all just kind of starting to happen , ” high school principal Jeff Schlecht told the Ashland Daily Tidings in Oregon .
“ It does place us in an awkward position . ”
For many students , the issue comes as no surprise .
“ I ’ve known about this for four years , ” Ashland senior Wesley Davis , 17 , told the newspaper .
“ Some of them have it for medical reasons , but others are just trying to get free weed and sell it , turn it around . ”
Ritalin used as a recreational drug too
A similar problem has been reported with the prescription drug Ritalin , a stimulant used to treat Attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) – mostly among boys and young men .
But as a recreational drug , Ritalin is known as “ Vitamin R ” or “ R - Ball ” – used to stay awake at exam time , to help lose weight , or together with alcohol and other drugs to prolong partying .
It can produce effects similar to cocaine and amphetamines .
A study cited by the US Department of Education showed that of 6,000 high school students surveyed in Massachusetts , 13 percent were found to have abused Ritalin .
The same study found that 4 percent of middle school students had also abused Ritalin .
The issue is very likely to spread around the country .
Earlier this month , New Jersey became the 14th state to legalize medical marijuana .
And whereas the Bush administration had operated under the presumption that federal antidrug laws trumped state medical marijuana statutes , the Obama administration has reversed that position .
" It will not be a priority to use federal resources to prosecute patients with serious illnesses or their caregivers who are complying with state laws on medical marijuana , " Attorney General Eric Holder said last October .
" But we will not tolerate drug traffickers who hide behind claims of compliance with state law to mask activities that are clearly illegal . "
Meanwhile , the California Supreme Court on Thursday rejected limits on medical marijuana imposed by state lawmakers , finding that people with prescriptions for pot can have and grow all they need for personal use .
Marijuana used to treat ADHD
At the same time , doctors have become more inclined to prescribe marijuana ( as an alternative to Ritalin ) for children diagnosed with ADHD .
It ’s a controversial trend among medical practitioners .
“ It ’s safer than aspirin , ” Dr. Jean Talleyrand told the New York Times .
Dr. Talleyrand is a marijuana advocate who founded a network of 20 clinics in Oakland , Calif .
which dispense medical marijuana – including to teenagers diagnosed with ADHD .
But Stephen Hinshaw , the chairman of the psychology department at the University of California , Berkeley , calls it “ one of the worst ideas of all time . ”
He cites studies showing that the active ingredient in cannabis disrupts attention , memory and concentration – already issues for people diagnosed with attention - deficit disorder .
In addition to being at the forefront of medical marijuana law , California now is considering legalizing and regulating the general use of marijuana .
A proposed bill would remove marijuana and derivatives from existing statutes defining them as controlled substances and make it legal to possess , sell , and cultivate marijuana by those 21 and older , reports the Monitor ’s Daniel B. Wood .
It sets up wholesale and retail sales regulation with special fees to fund drug abuse prevention programs .
And it bans local and state assistance “ in enforcing inconsistent federal and other laws . ”
A recent poll in California shows overwhelming public support for the idea .
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
T he new year has barely begun and already one of 2010s most important analyses of economics has appeared .
It 's John Cassidy 's rather brave confrontation with the so - called " Chicago School " of neo -con economists , whose free - market doctrines laid the groundwork for the epic global financial crisis we 've just endured .
We have paid a heavy price for the dangerous primacy given unfettered capitalism by conservative economists at the University of Chicago beginning in the 1940s , and achieving its peak influence in the late 1990s .
That 's when U.S. policy makers , infused with Chicago thinking , began deregulating financial markets and setting the stage for the epic global financial collapse of 2007 - 08 that triggered the current devastating recession .
It was the end of the Cold War in the early 1990s , more than anything , with its unleashing of Western triumphalism , that lifted the laissez faire ideology of the Chicago School from the realm of untested theory to respectability among public policy makers .
It was they who in the late 1990s revoked Franklin Roosevelt 's ban on the co-mingling of traditional and investment banking , and allowed financial institutions to decide for themselves how much capital to set aside for tough times .
( Which was never enough , since it would eat into profits – hence the need for a $ 700 billion ( U.S. ) bailout of banks and other financial institutions that otherwise would have cratered the global economy ) .
It was the Chicago - influenced lawmakers who relaxed government supervision of financiers with their eyes on the main chance , oblivious of the consequences if their ego and avarice led us all over a cliff .
This rankly irresponsible behaviour by the masters of the economy seemed to be validated by the Chicago school 's unshakable belief in " efficient - markets hypothesis " and the " rational - expectations theory . "
The former assumes that the prices of stocks , houses and other assets accurately reflect all available information about economic conditions .
The latter insists that all economic players , from everyday citizens to high - rolling CEOs and investors , are both acutely knowledgeable about the economy and act wisely on that knowledge .
Both theories are pure bunkum .
And never has there been a shortage of experts with a sense of history to explain why – John Kenneth Galbraith , an economic adviser to three U.S. presidents – being a prime example with his steady output of corrective tomes until his death in 2006 .
The tripling of house prices in California and Florida earlier this decade bore no relation to economic conditions , but resulted from a euphoric buying panic .
As for acting wisely out of full knowledge of circumstances , even bank and brokerage CEOs seldom knew what pockets of cowboy risk - takers in their organizations were betting the company on .
That being the case , pity the working - class wannabe owner of a split - level beyond his means in the predatory grasp of an unscrupulous mortgage broker who convinces him that house prices only rise .
What becomes evident , and is downright frightening , in Cassidy 's account is how deliberately untutored are the free - market Chicago school economists in ... economics .
Richard Posner is among the most prominent of the Chicago School propagandists , a jurist who for decades worked with considerable success at incorporating free - market principles into U.S. jurisprudence .
But the recent crisis has made Posner a convert to Keynesianism .
This illustrious economist did not trouble to read Keynes ' central work , The General Theory of Employment , Interest and Money ( always called the General Theory , and published in 1936 ) until the latest global banking meltdown .
I find this incomprehensible , like purporting expertise in Western philosophy having chosen not to at least breeze through Marcus Aurelius ' Meditations .
In making my high school case for the superior virtues of capitalism , I was told to first absorb The Communist Manifesto to better know what I was arguing against .
Even the Cliff Notes version of Keynes tells you that he argued vehemently for fiscal prudence in prosperous times to be equipped for the necessary pump - priming in times of crisis .
Keynes also was the Warren Buffett of his time , one of the sagest stock - market investors in history .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The man knew capital markets and the periodic euphoria that distorts them from prolonged , intimate experience .
Embarrassing confessions abound in Cassidy 's account ( " After the Blowup , " in the Jan. 11 New Yorker ) .
The central role of banks in hurtling the global economy toward the abyss did n't figure into the Chicago school 's thinking because , as Posner tells Cassidy : " You have to know a lot about banking , and that was not the case with economists . "
Yet this same school was supremely self - assured in successfully arguing for ultimately catastrophic bank deregulation .
One has to wonder if some of these esteemed academics ever read a newspaper .
Eugene Fama , one of the Chicago professors still in denial , attributes the crash to the unwise purchase by government agencies of all those faulty subprime mortgages .
It 's been widely reported that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac – whose job is to backstop the mortgage industry , after all – account for only one - third of those purchases , the others being made by look - before - you - leap Wall Street banks .
Robert Lucas , one of the Chicago school 's many Nobel laureates , ascribes mass unemployment to workers refusing to accept low - paying jobs and preferring to remain out of work , making government job - creating stimulus futile .
Never mind that Obama 's February stimulus had the U.S. economy growing again by the summer .
( The pure Keynesianism was replicated in Beijing , Berlin and Ottawa , and it 's working . )
The plain fact is that millions of Canadians and Americans laid off from full - time employment have promptly taken part - time , low - paying jobs to keep bread on the table .
And those still in full - time employment have accepted pay and benefit cuts to retain their jobs .
Such a slur on the working class , coming from tenured Chicago professors suffering not a day of job insecurity , is a bit rich , to say the least .
It 's a popular canard just now that economists are useless , having failed , in the main , to warn us of either of the two unsustainable booms and crashes of the past decade .
( The first was the dot - com mania . )
Economic theory tested in behavioural science and taking all players into account , from ego - driven CEOs to low - income earners , is very much needed .
We might , and should , be on the threshold of a new era of truly useful economic strategy .
This wo n't be coming from those of the famous Chicago school still in denial .
Asked if his Chicago peers had learned anything in the past two years of tumult , a candid Posner says : " Well , one possibility is that they have learned nothing ... they have techniques that they know and are comfortable with .
It takes a great deal to drive them out of their accustomed way of doing business . "
On a cold February morning , less than three weeks after Barack Obama 's inauguration as the 44th president of the United States , a lawyer from the department of justice stood up in a San Francisco courtroom to defend the government from accusations of torture .
Five detainees , including the British resident Binyam Mohamed , had filed a suit against Jeppesen Dataplan Inc , a subsidiary of Boeing , for its alleged role in " extraordinary rendition " , in which terrorism suspects are sent to third countries for detention , interrogation and - the plaintiffs claim - torture .
During the 2008 presidential campaign , Obama repeatedly criticised the Bush administration 's treatment of detainees , its rendition policy and the use of the " state secrets " privilege to prevent classified information from being discussed in court .
Writing in Foreign Affairs magazine in 2007 , he had argued that building a " better , freer world . . . means ending the practices of shipping away prisoners in the dead of night to be tortured in far - off countries , of detaining thousands without charge or trial , of maintaining a network of secret prisons to jail people beyond the reach of the law " .
But on that February morning , the government lawyer Douglas N Letter made the same " state secrets " argument for dismissing the case as the Bush administration had used in previous months .
The legal position he was advancing on behalf of the government , Letter said , had been " thoroughly vetted with the appropriate officials within the new administration " , and this was the " authorised " position .
As the prominent liberal blogger and lawyer Glenn Greenwald pointed out at the time , this was " the first real test of the authenticity of Obama 's commitment to reverse the abuses of executive power over the last eight years " .
But Obama failed the test - and he did so not only in this instance , but in a number of similar court cases .
Together , these cases suggest that his administration has no immediate or concrete plans to realise the hopes and dreams of liberals at home and abroad by rolling back the imperial overreach of the Bush era .
On the contrary , in the field of counter - terrorism and on the issue of executive power as a whole , Obama has distressingly begun to resemble George W Bush .
Another San Francisco court case in February this year involved the al - Haramain Islamic Foundation , a charity that the Bush administration accused in 2004 of supporting terrorism .
The plaintiffs claimed that federal authorities had illegally listened in on their lawyers ' phone calls .
In 2007 , Obama described Bush 's warrantless wiretapping programme as " unlawful and unconstitutional " , but two years later the Obama justice department again followed in the footsteps of Bush and tried to have the case dismissed on grounds of national security and protecting " state secrets " .
“ Obama has stepped into the shoes of President Bush , " Jon Eisenberg , a lawyer for the plaintiffs , told me .
" He continues to assert the state secrets privilege to resist holdover lawsuits from the Bush era . . . in an attempt to prevent the judiciary from adjudicating on the legality of the warrantless wiretapping programme , and addressing the larger presidential power issues that the case presents . "
He added : " Change we can believe in ?
Nope . "
The distance between Obama and Bush on a host of policies is not as great as many people might hope or have expected - and it appears to get narrower by the day .
This should not , perhaps , come as a huge surprise .
One reason for continuity between US presidents - even those who are , on the surface , as different as Bush and Obama - is the nature of the modern imperial presidency , at the apex of a bloated national - security state .
As the historian Garry Wills pointed out recently in the New York Review of Books , the president " is greatly pressured to keep all the empire 's secrets . . . he becomes the prisoner of his own power . . . a self - entangling giant " .
Then there is the pattern of presidential candidates railing against the incumbent 's record , only to find themselves sympathising with their predecessor 's predicament and policies once they have taken his place .
In 1952 , as a candidate , Dwight Eisenhower denounced President Truman 's policy of containment towards the Soviet Union , yet embraced it within six months of entering the White House .
In 2000 , Bush derided President Clinton 's attempts at nation - building in Somalia and Bosnia , only to spend two terms trying to build new political structures in Iraq and Afghanistan .
During his inauguration , Obama , it is said , told Bush that he hoped to call on him for advice - and he has since spoken to his predecessor at least once .
But there are those who would argue that it is absurd to compare the liberal Democrat Obama with the ultra- conservative Republican George Bush .
And some would say it is unfair to hold Obama to account only nine months into his presidency .
Others would point to the range of policies on which Obama has marked out new terrain : proposing health - care reform , taking climate change seriously , standing up to Wall Street and announcing an end to torture and the closure of Guantanamo Bay .
On these and many other issues , his army of fans would argue , the president has shown the world his liberalism , his radicalism , his enthusiasm for change - that he is , in the words of the writer Michael Tomasky , " the anti-Bush " .
But let us consider each of these in turn .
Now is , in fact , an ideal time to pass an interim verdict on Obama 's presidency , with the one - year anniversary of his election fast approaching .
Previous presidencies , from FDR on , have been judged on their first 100 days in office : Obama has had more than 250 , representing a fifth of his first - possibly only - presidential term .
On health , he has proposed reforming the system of care that leaves 46 million Americans uninsured , but has retreated at the first sign of trouble , backing down on the " public option " - a government - run rival insurance plan - even though it may be the only method of ensuring that the private insurance industry so beloved of the Republican Party is exposed to real competition and challenge .
On climate change , Obama , unlike Bush , has recognised the need to combat global warming .
Like Bush , however , he has failed to persuade Congress to take substantive action on emissions and has yet to pledge significant financial support for developing countries to help them cope with the coming climate crisis .
His rhetoric may have shifted since the late 1990s when , as a state senator , he lent his support to a bill condemning the Kyoto Treaty , but it has yet to be matched by action .
One of Obama 's executive orders calls for an increase in motor vehicle mileage standards , but this will only , in the words of Steven Hill of the New America Foundation , " push fuel efficiency by 2020 to a level that European and Japanese cars reached several years ago , and which even China has already achieved " .
Meanwhile , in May , the administration opted to retain , despite Congressional support to overturn it , a Bush - era rule that limits protection for polar bears in the Arctic - classed as an " endangered species " by the US Environmental Protection Agency - from the effects of global warming .
On financial reform , Obama has been accused of being a " socialist " and a " Marxist " , intent on nationalising the US economy .
The fiscal reality is , however , very different .
The multibillion - dollar bank bailout , approved by Bush , has simply been continued by Obama in the same vein ( his treasury secretary , Tim Geithner , worked closely with the Bush administration as president of the New York Federal Reserve ) .
Obama has tried to rein in bank bonuses and failed .
Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan - recipients of bailout aid - paid out billions more in bonuses in 2009 than in 2008 .
Meanwhile , he has continued to defend executive pay on Wall Street and set himself against European proposals to regulate remuneration or impose a cap on bonuses .
Obama came to power with a " firm pledge " not to raise " any form " of taxes on families making less than $ 250,000 a year .
However , despite an off - the - cuff remark that he wanted to " spread the wealth around " , his tax plans have done little to advance even modest social - democratic goals .
As the treasury department 's " Green Book " on revenue proposals has acknowledged , " The [ Obama ] administration 's primary policy proposals . . . [ make ] permanent a number of the [ Bush ] tax cuts enacted in 2001 and 2003 . "
Diane Lim Rogers , chief economist at the bipartisan fiscal think tank Concord Coalition , told me that " almost all of the tax policy proposed in the Obama budget is just a continuation of the Bush tax policy " .
Under the " Bush - Obama tax cuts " , the only income group not to benefit is the top 0.1 per cent - households with an annual income of more than $ 2.7 m .
Like Bush , Obama seems keen not to upset or disturb the rich and powerful .
On torture and Guantanamo Bay , Obama was praised for announcing , in his first week in office , that the world 's most notorious prison camp would be closed within a year and that torture - including the Bush - approved technique of " waterboarding " - would be outlawed .
Last month , however , with Congress refusing to agree to closure , the Pentagon 's top lawyer , Jeh Johnson , said the administration was committed to shutting Guantanamo Bay by early 2010 , but stopped short of confirming it will happen .
According to the Columbia University law professor Scott Horton , force - feeding operations have continued at the camp , and are apparently administered with " such violence and brutality " that one prisoner has died .
Meanwhile , in Afghanistan , the US is increasing its capacity to imprison people by expanding facilities at bases such as Bagram , where human rights groups have documented many incidents of torture and several unexplained deaths in custody .
In February the new administration told a federal judge that military detainees there have no legal right to challenge their captivity .
So much for ending the Bush administration 's policy of indefinitely detaining " enemy combatants " without trial .
Obama has refused to release the shocking photographs of the Bush administration 's " enhanced interrogation " techniques , as well as CIA documents describing those interrogations .
He has criticised Senator Patrick Leahy 's proposal for a " truth commission " to investigate the Bush administration 's national security policies , and backed immunity for senior Bush officials implicated in torture .
In effect , he is covering up the torture he decried as a presidential candidate .
As the neoconservative Charles Krauthammer wrote with glee in May : " Observers of all political stripes are stunned by how much of the Bush national security agenda is being adopted by this new Democratic government . "
It is on foreign policy , and the " war on terror " in particular , that Obama was expected to make the biggest break with the Bush regime .
Early on , he announced that he would begin winding down the war in Iraq - but only , it seems , in order to divert US troops , spies and diplomats to the war in Afghanistan and operations across the border in Pakistan .
He has approved air strikes there that have killed more civilians in nine months than died in US bombings in the final year of the previous administration .
It may have been Bush who invaded Afghanistan eight years ago , but that conflict should now be seen as Obama 's war .
With the support of a key holdover from the Bush administration , the defence secretary , Robert Gates , Obama has sent more than 30,000 extra troops to Afghanistan since May - almost doubling the US contingent .
The pressure for more troops is being kept up by Obama 's new commander on the ground , Stanley McChrystal .
In true Bush style , Obama suddenly replaced David McKiernan with McChrystal in May .
McChrystal is an odd choice for a liberal president and critic of the Iraq war : a favourite of Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld , he has been accused of overseeing torture and human rights abuses , under Bush 's presidency , at Camp Nama in Iraq , during his deployment there as a special forces commander .
If he is to chart a course independent of the war crimes , torture , chaos and general lawlessness of the Bush years , Obama has to start with the Afghan debacle .
He can , in the words of the New York Times columnist Frank Rich , emulate President John F Kennedy 's decision - making on Vietnam , and resist lobbying by military leaders and a hawkish media for more troops and more war , or he can continue down the Bush road of perpetual war for perpetual peace .
Obama will have to act soon to reverse the slide in his ratings , to reassert his authority at home and abroad , to keep his army of liberal Obamaniacs on board .
Disenchantment and disillusionment with the candidate of change are beginning to harden .
Some will argue that the left is forever prepared to scream " betrayal " at those it elects to power - be that Lyndon B Johnson , Harold Wilson , Bill Clinton or Tony Blair .
But the case of Obama is different .
With his presidential campaign , the former Illinois senator raised the hopes of millions of people across the US and the world to an extent never seen in modern politics , talking repeatedly of change , reform and renewal , and suggesting he would erase the legacy of his disliked and disgraced pre­decessor from day one .
It was inevitable that even the slightest sense of continuity in policy , personnel or practice would disappoint , as it has .
Obama , however , has gone further , adopting his predecessor 's positions on a wide variety of issues , from the parochially domestic to the grandly geopolitical .
The lawyer Jon Eisenberg , who continues to battle the Bush - like Obama justice department in the courts , has been a registered Democrat for 30 years .
He considers himself to be a " moderate leftist " and echoes the opinions of growing numbers of Americans : " I voted for Obama - even contributed a substantial amount of money to his campaign .
I want my money back . "
Mehdi Hasan is senior editor ( politics ) of the New Statesman .
Read his blog , Dissident Voice .
It was 28 years ago that the film director Victor Schonfeld made The Animals Film about the way humans exploit other species .
He returns to the subject in a two - part documentary to give a very personal view on what , if anything , has changed since then .
In the first programme he looks at the use of animals for food and turns to experts in fields such as psychology , history , language and neurology to find out why humans seem so attracted to eating meat .
Next week , he focuses on the scientific establishment 's attachment to using animals , and considers the future .
Might social justice for other species actually benefit humans ?
Mike and the usual One Planet team are currently on a short break to prepare for the next series .
But they will be back the end of January .
You can keep up to date with developments at One Planet HQ by joining in the conversation on Facebook - the link 's below .
Or alternatively , email the team at Oneplanet@bbc.com .
" I 'm very aware of my own shortcomings and failings
as a researcher , and how much better I could have done , and how much better I should be doing . "
Using atoms at temperatures colder than deep space , Rice University physicists have delivered overwhelming proof for a once - scoffed - at theory that 's become a hotbed for research some 40 years after it first appeared .
In a paper available online in Science Express , Rice 's team offers experimental evidence for a universal quantum mechanism that allows trios of particles to appear and reappear at higher energy levels in an infinite progression .
The triplets , often called trimers , form in special cases where pairs cannot .
" It 's such a remarkable phenomena , " said team leader Randy Hulet .
" There are examples , like the Borromean rings , where having a third component is crucial .
Any two of the rings will unbind if the third is removed , and these trimers are similar .
The particles want to bind , but no two can do it .
They need the third one to make it happen . "
The trimers were first predicted almost 40 years ago by theoretical physicist Vitaly Efimov .
The most striking feature of Efimov 's prediction was that the effect was both universal and repeating .
That meant that the trimers could form from anything , be it as large as an atom or as small as a quark .
And it also meant that Efimov 's trimers would form repeatedly , up and down the energy scale in a stepwise fashion .
Efimov , now at the University of Washington , even predicted the spacing in energy of the trimers ; he said they would appear every time the binding energy increased by a factor of 22.7 .
" A lot of people did n't believe him , " said Hulet , Rice 's Fayez Sarofim Professor of Physics and Astronomy .
" That 's partly because physicists can handle two - body problems quite well and many - body problems fairly well , but when there are just a few objects , like the three bodies in these Efimov trimers , there are just too many variables . "
As Hulet points out , there is still no general mathematical solution for the most classic of all " three - body " problems -- the sun-Earth - moon problem .
" You can do a numerical calculation , of course , " he said .
" You can calculate to arbitrary precision what the sun , Earth and moon are doing relative to one another at any given time , but you cannot write out a formula for that on paper .
There is no general solution for that or any other three - body problem . "
What Efimov offered in 1970 was not a general solution for the three - body problem , but it was the next - best thing -- a universal relationship that would hold true for any particle but only under a particular set of circumstances .
advertisement
Hulet said nuclear physicists tried for decades to find experimental evidence of Efimov trimers using nuclear particles , but they found that there was n't a strong enough attractive interaction between the particles to satisfy the conditions laid out by Efimov .
In the 1980s , physicists began using a combination of powerful lasers and magnetic fields to trap and cool atoms to ultracold temperatures .
As thermodynamic heat is driven from the atoms , they move slower and slower .
That let physicists study atoms in a new way , and as the techniques progressed , physicists were eventually able to remove so much thermodynamic energy from these trapped atoms that they began to manifest the effects of quantum physics .
Efimov trimers are one manifestation of quantum physics , and Hulet said a number of research groups worldwide have been racing to study them for several years .
The first Efimov trimer was observed in 2006 , and the first set of two connected trimers was observed in early 2009 .
In their experiments , Hulet , postdoctoral researcher Scott Pollack and graduate student Dan Dries designed a test for Efimov 's prediction about universal scaling -- the notion that trimers emerged again and again in a stepwise fashion .
The team used a property of ultracold atoms called a " Feshbach resonance " to tune the interactions between lithium atoms .
As they dialed up and down the energy scale , they saw Efimov 's trimers appear and reappear again and again .
The team confirmed another Efimov prediction as well by finding four - body " tetramers " in close proximity to each trimer .
In all , Hulet , Pollack and Dries found 11 different signatures for trimers and tetramers , each exactly where Efimov and others had predicted .
Efimov was in the room when Hulet presented the first results of the tests at a scientific meeting in Rome .
" He was so excited that he came up and gave me a high five after the talk , " Hulet said .
" In his original paper , he had a figure that looked just like what we had found .
It was such an amazing prediction , and to see it borne out like this is very special . "
Hulet 's research is sponsored by the National Science Foundation , the Office of Naval Research , the Keck Foundation and the Welch Foundation .
It 's the American People 's Fault !
By Ron Lee
US ~ Observer
The United States is in distress and it's the people 's fault .
That 's right , I said it ; and somewhere close to your heart , even though you want to deny it , you know it is true .
Everything we now face in this rising tide of socialist takeover is because we , collectively , have done nothing .
Even more , in many cases we have asked for it .
You have n't asked for it , you say ?
Well , I would suggest that it is through our personal inaction ; our abdication of our responsibilities for our American citizenship that we have indirectly requested someone to take the reins , and they have .
With both hands gripping tightly they are steering us on a course to the complete loss of our way of life .
But , hey , it 's okay as long as you still have your HDTV , your internet connectivity , your ability to dial 911 when you are accosted , and your false sense that America can't be destroyed , right ?
Bottom line , wrath , greed , sloth , pride , lust , envy , and gluttony are alive and well in America .
Not only are these the 7 deadly sins , these detractors are what our American " Way " has become .
They are now our culture .
How sad that the cost of " keeping up with the Jones ' " was the loss of our own cultural soul .
So distracted are the masses that they can't see the writing on the wall - when government controls what you do , what you eat , what you say , what you think , there is no more freedom !
People seem to forget , or maybe ignore , that we alone are responsible for our lives .
In part , that is what it is to be free ; no one ruling your life making decisions that direct your life in any other way than how you would choose to live it .
Yet , through time , mis-education , hardship , government expansion , and our own greed , we have given that control to the government .
Shhh !!!
You say .
You like government hand - outs and welfare ; you like that Big Brother will stick up for you when you get picked on .
Well , it wo n't be long before your funds run dry , and your Brother tells you your stupid and kicks you to the curb .
Read history ; it has all happened before !
For those of you who see what it is becoming and realize that our economy is not sustainable ; that our freedoms are almost completely gone ; that our " representatives " are not representative of our values , views , wants , and needs , it is time to do more more than go to the local coffee shop and complain about the country 's state of affairs .
The time has passed when " tea parties " had any effectiveness .
They are doing what they want , and they are not listening to our voices and it is time to redress our grievances .
It is time to act .
I 'm not talking taking up arms , nor am I suggesting any violence on the people 's part , but I am suggesting we take direct action .
Several years ago there was a woman named Terri Schiavo .
Some might remember her .
The courts ruled to take her feeding tube out and starve her to death .
They did this because her " husband " ( who had run off and spawned several children with another woman ) petitioned that she had no quality of life , and that he could n't care for her any longer .
The courts refused her parents request to continue caring for her , and they even refused to see the simplicity that the husband reportedly stood to earn several million dollars upon her death .
So , the ruling held , and from March 18 , 2005 , to the time that she died at a Pinellas Park hospice on March 31 , 2005 , she was starved by our system .
Thousands gathered outside of her hospice , protesting , chanting to put the feeding tube back in ...
But , demonstration is not action .
All it would have taken was for the multitudes to just walk in and make the change .
But , they did n't .
They were scared .
I was scared .
Fast - forward to today .
We just had thousands of people on the steps of the capitol chanting to stop the healthcare legislation .
We also had hundreds of thousands call their representatives and voice their opposition to the bills .
And guess what , they are n't listening people !!!
C'mon , walk in .
It 's time .
What can they do ?
What would they ?
If all the thousands just walked in and called for an immediate public vote of no confidence on our current governing body they could n't and would n't stop us .
If they tried , it would ignite something much larger than they would ever imagine ...
We have the power !
We are the People !
But , I have heard it time and again ... " just wait for the election , things will get better then . "
Uh , no .
They wo n't .
Some of the biggest steps backwards from our constitutional republic came under the care of a Republican in office .
Our system has been broken for a long time ; it has been controlled for a long time and if we do n't do something now , it wo n't be long before all of our choices are made for us , and all of our freedoms are gone and , truly , it will be all of our faults for not acting .
Write me , tell me what you think !
ron@usobserver.com
Subscribe to the US ~ Observer News Flash Alerts !
Subscribe Unsubscribe
The US ~ Observer believes in our country , our constitution , and the public right to adequate representation .
The US ~ Observer is
designed to keep the
innocent free , the public
informed , and our form
of government controlled
by the people .
We survive , in part , by gracious donations .
They may be sent to : US ~ Observer
233 Rogue River Hwy .
PMB 387
Grants Pass , OR 97527-5429 or you can click here :
Floating sea ice covers about 11 million square miles of Earth ’s oceans in the Arctic and Antarctic regions .
It plays an important role in regulating climate and is critical for many animals .
Glaciers and Ice sheets cover around 10 percent of the land area on Earth .
Every continent except Australia is partially covered in ice .
Despite its extent and importance , the nature of the cryosphere makes it difficult to visit , study and understand .
Because of the remote and harsh conditions throughout most of the polar regions , scientists who study them often have to rely on data collected from space for research .
The images taken by satellites and astronauts provide critical information for understanding the rapidly changing climate near the poles , but they also deliver some surprisingly beautiful , strange and intriguing images .
We ’ve collected some of the best here .
Above : The Wilkins ice shelf on the Antarctic Peninsula dramatically broke apart in February 2008 .
In the image above , captured by the Taiwanese satellite Formosat - 2 , big pieces of the ice shelf float in a frozen matrix of smaller bits of ice .
Some of the larger chunks are several hundred yards long .
The image was made from near - infrared , infrared and green wavelengths reflected by the ice .
Below :
This image from NASA ’s Terra satellite , taken in November 2009 , gives a wider view of the event .
Click on any image in this gallery for a higher - resolution version .
Images : 1 ) Formosat / Dr. Cheng - Chien Liu , National Cheng - Kung University and Dr. An-Ming Wu , National Space Organization , Taiwan
2 ) NASA
Off the northeastern coast of Greenland , ocean currents swirl sea ice into intricate and beautiful patterns .
This image was captured in 2006 by the MODIS instrument aboard NASA ’s Terra satellite .
Image : NASA
The Sea of Okhotsk sits between Siberia and the Kamchatka Peninsula in far eastern Russia .
In the winter , it becomes largely covered by ice .
In the image above , captured by the MODIS instrument on NASA ’s Terra satellite in February 2007 , cold winds from Siberia combine with moist ocean air to form the cloud streets streaming away from the ice .
The image below , captured by the Terra satellite ’s ASTER instrument in February 2009 , shows sea ice that has tracked currents in the Sea of Okhotsk .
Images : 1 ) NASA
2 ) NASA / ASTER
The Hampton and Moran glaciers feed ice into Shokalsky Bay at the northern tip of Alexander Island in this image captured by the USGS - NASA Earth Observing - 1 satellite in 2009 .
The accelerating flow of these and more than 400 other Antarctic Peninsula glaciers is adding to sea - level rise .
The icebergs that have calved off these glaciers will eventually move north into warmer waters , where they will melt .
Image : NASA
This crack in Pine Island Glacier on the edge of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet was imaged by the ASTER instrument on NASA ’s Terra satellite in December 2000 .
The crack led to the prediction that a major iceberg would break off in less than 18 months .
In November 2001 , as shown in the sequence below , it did .
Recent research has shown that the melting of Pine Island Glacier is accelerating , and the grounding line , where the ice sheet goes from resting on land to floating on water , is retreating rapidly .
A new study published online Jan. 13 in the Proceedings of the Royal Society A used models to show that the instability of the grounding line could push Pine Island Glacier past a tipping point in the near future .
The volume of water held in the entire West Antarctic Ice Sheet is enough to raise global sea level by more than 10 feet .
Images : 1 ) NASA / ASTER
2 ) NASA
Sea ice is floating frozen seawater on the ocean ’s surface .
It covers millions of square miles of ocean near Earth ’s poles .
Sea ice in the Antarctic melts in the summertime and reforms in the winter .
The sea ice shown here is in the Arctic , where some ice persists year - round and is an important factor in global climate .
This image was captured by the NASA - USGS Landsat - 7 satellite in June 2001 .
Image : NASA - USGS
The Ayles Ice Shelf on Ellesmere Island in the Canadian Arctic archipelago broke away from the island in 2005 .
The image above , captured by the ASTER instrument on NASA ’s Terra satellite in 2006 shows the area a year after the ice sheet broke away .
A mosaic of sea ice covers the water along the coastline .
Below , the ice sheet is still intact when the satellite imaged it in 2002 .
The parallel stripes of melt ponds on the ice shelf are a prelude to its demise .
Images : NASA / ASTER
The image above shows the massive B - 22 iceberg just beginning to break away from the Thwaites Ice Tongue in the Amundsen Sea in West Antarctica on March 10 , 2002 .
B - 22 is around 50 miles long and 38 miles wide .
Below , the iceberg has begun moving away two weeks later .
The two smaller icebergs to the right of B - 22 are pieces of a larger berg named B - 21 that broke away in 2001 .
Both images are natural - color pictures captured by the MISR camera on NASA ’s Terra satellite .
Images : NASA
The giant iceberg B - 10 measured more than 1,000 square miles and was a quarter - mile thick when it broke away from an Antarctic glacier in the late 1980s .
It split in two in 1995 .
The larger piece , shown here near the Drake Passage in September 1999 , was still as big as Rhode Island and was named B - 10A .
In this true - color image captured by the NASA - USGS Landsat 7 satellite , smaller icebergs are seen calving off the edge of B - 10A .
Some of the bergs floated into shipping lanes and had to be monitored by Landsat and other satellites to avoid collisions .
Image : NASA - USGS .
No higher - resolution image available for this photo .
The mosaic of sea ice in the Bering Strait above was captured by the MODIS imager on NASA ’s Aqua satellite in February 2008 .
The green color of the sea in the bottom left is due to phytoplankton blooming .
The scene is constantly shifting as sea ice flows , as can be seen in the image below of the same area , taken by Aqua on Jan. 11 , 2010 .
Images : NASA
This image of the Labrador Sea is a beautiful combination of a range of sizes of sea-ice chunks breaking away from the pack ice along the coast of Newfoundland .
It was taken in April 2003 as part of an effort by astronauts aboard the International Space Station to help scientists study events like ice thawing in spring .
Image : NASA
A large iceberg that broke away from the Ross Ice Shelf in western Antarctica in 2000 is shown floating in the Ross Sea near the Drygalski Ice Tongue in March 2006 .
The iceberg , named C - 16 , crashed into the end of the ice tongue a few days later and knocked off a chunk of the tip .
This image was captured by the MODIS instrument on board NASA ’s Terra satellite .
Image : NASA
The Gulf of St. Lawrence in eastern Canada is almost completely covered in sea ice , but in this image from April 2008 , the ice has begun to thaw and the complex flow of water in the area has created beautiful patterns on the water .
This image was taken by the MODIS instrument on NASA ’s Terra satellite .
Image : NASA
See Also :
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
January 19 , 2010
The BATF engaged in mafia tactics in running a criminal conspiracy to shut down a gun show in Austin Texas , the Alex Jones Show heard Monday , direct from the man embroiled at the center of the Obama administration ’s latest savage attack on the second amendment .
The Obama administration is the most anti-Second Amendment administration is U.S. history .
Following the staged arrest of a man by the Austin Police — subsequently released without charge — the BATF pressured lease holders HEB to shut down the oldest gun show in central Texas .
As revealed Monday on The Alex Jones Show , the BATF called the original meeting regarding the gun show and used threats and intimidation to shut down the event .
Darwin Boedeker of Texas Gun Shows provided details of the criminal conspiracy by the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ( abbreviated ATF ) and the Austin police to shut down the show last week .
On Thursday , January 14 , Mr. Boedeker was asked to meet with representatives of the ATF and Austin police at a building in Austin used for police interviews and interrogations .
In addition to Boedeker , the two hour meeting included the participation of HEB , an Austin grocery retailer .
HEB holds the lease on the building where the Texas Gun Shows events are held on the third week of every month .
Police , under the direction of ATF , told Boedeker he would be required to follow their “ recommendations ” or they would close down his event .
Boedeker said he was told “ you do what we say or we shut you down . ”
He said the ultimatum was recorded by the police and ATF .
Mr. Boedeker indicated enforcing the ATF recommendations would destroy his business .
He said he would not issue a public notice unless it indicated the so - called recommendations were issued by the Austin Police and the ATF .
In order to make their case , the ATF and APD cited numerous alleged criminal cases associated with a previous gun show organizer .
Mr. Boedeker said the ATF and APD did not seem aware that he is not associated with previous gun show events at the location .
Boedeker said he is far down on the “ totem pole ” of gun show events and he believes this is why the police under the direction of the ATF engaged in criminal racketeering against him .
Boedeker ’s flier issued under government coercion and the demand of the event center building lease holder states :
“ At the direction of the Austin Police Department and the The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms anyone selling a firearm at this show location will be asked to comply with the following : 1 . Any person selling a personal firearm must go through a licensed FFL Dealer in the show to transfer the firearm to the new owner .
2 . Selling of Firearms in the parking lot will not be permitted .
Thank you for your cooperation ! ”
Police officers dressed in street clothes attended the event and watched participants , according to Boedeker .
The police admitted to him they are interested in forcing gun shows to provide background checks on buyers .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Alex Jones noted on his show that he has attended guns shows at the venue since he was in high school .
Listeners to the Alex Jones
Show should be aware that this backhanded tactic or similar tactics used by the ATF will be used at the behest of the Obama administration to shut down legal gun shows in other states .
The Obama administration is the most anti-Second Amendment administration is U.S. history .
Congressional Democrats and their Constitution - hating allies have proposed two bills in an attempt to shut down gun shows .
The Gun Show Loophole Closing Act of 2009 ( H.R. 2324 ) was introduced in the House by the notorious gun-grabber Carolyn McCarthy of New York .
Senator Frank Lautenberg introduced similar legislation , the Gun Show Background Check Act of 2009 ( S. 843 ) , in the U.S. Senate .
As of October 2009 , the House version of the bill had 35 co-sponsors ( mostly Democrats ) and the Senate version had 15 co-sponsors , all Democrats .
Obama ’s top cop , Eric Holder , is a gun-grabber ’s dream come true .
“ As Deputy Attorney General , Holder was a strong supporter of restrictive gun control .
He advocated federal licensing of handgun owners , a three day waiting period on handgun sales , rationing handgun sales to no more than one per month , banning possession of handguns and so - called ‘ assault weapons ’ ( cosmetically incorrect guns ) by anyone under age of 21 , a gun show restriction bill that would have given the federal government the power to shut down all gun shows , national gun registration , and mandatory prison sentences for trivial offenses ( e.g. , giving your son an heirloom handgun for Christmas , if he were two weeks shy of his 21st birthday ) , ” David Kopel wrote in 2008 .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
New Jersey Democrat senator Frank R. Lautenberg said last June he planned to introduce legislation designed to cancel the Second Amendment rights of well over a million U.S. citizens .
“ Mr. Lautenberg plans to introduce legislation on Monday that would give the attorney general the discretion to block gun sales to people on terror watch lists , ” the New York Times reported on June 20 , 2009 .
The federal terror watch list contains over a million names .
As a state senator in Illinois , Obama supported a number of laws and regulations designed to restrict and outlaw firearms .
Obama supports the CIFTA Gun Treaty .
Last year , in meetings with Mexican President Felipe Calderon , Obama promised to urge the U.S. Senate to pass the international arms control treaty .
Under the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties , international legal obligations are superior rank to national law .
The treaty would impose the most draconian gun laws in U.S. history .
The Obama administration and its Marxist czars ( the sort of Marxism created and supported by the banksters ) and policy makers are on the march and they will not be satisfied until they outlaw and confiscate all firearms from law - abiding Americans .
Now is the time to become politically involved .
Find out where your representatives stand on so - called gun control and especially their stand on local gun shows and sales of legal firearms between individuals .
If they are gun-grabbing Democrats and their spineless Republican confederates , work to get them out of office .
Expose them for the Second Amendment traitors they are .
Become aware of ATF activity in your state and the complicity of local law enforcement .
Only through awareness and political action can we save our Constitution and Second Amendment from the claws of the New World Order and its long - stated goal to disarm the public and impose a globalist dictatorship .
They fear an armed and informed public .
Make sure they remain afraid .
If we blow this covert op in Texas off and do nothing , we can expect more of the same around the country .
Do n’t embolden the ATF and the Obama administration .
Get active today or lose your right to defend yourself against criminals and a predatory government .
This article was posted : Tuesday , January 19 , 2010 at 6:22 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
President Obama is scheduled to arrive in Seoul on Wednesday for a summit meeting with President Lee Myung - bak .
No doubt , North Korea ’s nuclear weapons program will play a major role in the forthcoming negotiations .
It is noteworthy that Stephen Bosworth , the U.S. envoy to North Korea , will fly to Pyongyang soon .
So , in all probability , the long - awaited direct talks between the United States and North Korea — the first official contacts since the second nuclear test in May — are going to start in the near future .
This is good , especially since this time the Americans are coming to the table with a more realistic understanding of the North ’s strategies and goals .
People in Washington have finally realized what should have been understood years ago : Under no circumstances is North Korea going to surrender its nuclear weapons .
North Korean leaders believe that they need these weapons both as a deterrent and a diplomacy tool .
Only through the existence of the nuclear program can North Korea , a destitute third - rate dictatorship , manipulate the outside world into providing generous aid .
It is often suggested that Pyongyang might be lured into surrendering its nukes by a large lump - sum payment that could kick - start its economy ( this is , essentially , the official strategy of the South Korean administration ) .
Alas , a cash - for - nukes solution will not be acceptable to Pyongyang :
The lump sum payment would be spent quickly , and without nuclear weapons , additional aid would be very moderate and would come with strict conditions about monitoring distribution .
Such conditions are not acceptable , from the North Korean perspective , since the regime uses the foreign aid , above all , to reward the faithful and bribe those groups whose discontent might threaten its survival .
The Google / China story has enough legs to qualify as a " centipede " at this point .
After saying that it would no longer censor Chinese search results and that it was ready to pull out of China , Google also admitted to being the victim of a sophisticated cyberattack that went after more than 30 companies .
The immediate aftermath of the announcement was a media feeding frenzy — and that was before the Chinese government 's various departments even began reacting to the news .
Now that they have , it 's clear that Google and China are on a collision course , and that the US government is ready to get involved on Google 's side .
If you 've had difficulty keeping up with the story , have no fear : here 's a roundup of the news you need to know .
Twists , turns , and U - turns
An inside job ?
It 's little more than an anonymously sourced rumor at this point , but Reuters says that insiders from Google 's own Chinese office may have been involved in the cyberattack on the company .
Chinese sources have reported that Google China was cut off from Google 's internal network last week while Google security staff investigated the allegations and secured the network .
It 's for your own good .
The Chinese government does n't look ready to back down from its censorship requirements , and was never likely to do so in such a public way .
The government has reaffirmed its need to " guide " the Chinese people through information access , and stressed again that companies need to obey local laws .
Calling out the US .
In an ironic twist , given China 's lengthy history of explicitly favoring locally owned firms , the Chinese government says the US is " backsliding " toward trade protectionism .
It also claims that " multinationals ' parent countries , including ' Google ’s home country ' should step up oversight of overseas businesses , " according to Bloomberg .
Hey , we 're the victims !
According to Xinhua , China 's official news outlet , the Foreign Ministry is talking up the number of hacking attacks that China suffers .
" China 's Internet is seriously threatened by cyber attacks like other countries , " said a spokesperson .
Chinese numbers show a 148 percent year - over - year increase in hacking attacks .
As for Google , " Foreign companies in China should respect the laws and regulations , respect the public interest of Chinese people and China 's culture and customs and shoulder due social responsibilities .
There is no exception for Google . "
Just like Africa .
Are Google 's problems in China just like those Chinese businesses face in Africa ?
China says yes .
Investors react .
Reaction from major Google investors has been mixed , but at least some are supportive , even if it means lower profits .
" You answer to shareholders , but you know what ’s going to happen to these guys if their conversations come out in public or if the Chinese government gets their hands on them , ” said Alex Motola of Thornburg Investment Management .
" Do you really want to be a part of that ? "
DC U -turn .
After announcing the decision to stop censoring search results , Google abruptly changed its position on the Global Online Freedom Act .
That bill was drafted largely in response to Yahoo 's decision to turn over Chinese dissident e-mails to the Chinese government and would seek to impose limits on how US - based companies can disclose information to foreign governments .
" What a 180 - degree turn they 've made , " Rep. Chris Smith ( R - NJ ) told The Hill .
" Before , Google would n't even answer questions about what they censor .
Now they 're in our office giving us briefings about their situation . "
No Chinese androids !
Two Android - based cell phones due to launch in China this week have been postponed , thanks to the uncertainty surrounding Google 's continued work in China .
Climbing the Great Firewall .
China 's internal censorship regime has never been about total control , but instead about creating enough control to deter the vast majority of users .
But it does n't stop everyone .
The New York Times profiles people who like their Internet unfiltered .
Entrepreneur Jason
Ng starts his day by connecting " to an overseas computer with a link , called a proxy server , that he set up himself .
It costs 15 renminbi , or around $ 2 , a month to share with about two dozen other friends .
Mr. Ng then works on his blog and checks the news on Google Reader and Twitter to ' officially start my day of information . '
Chinese citizens engaged in such practices say the government rarely cracks down on them individually , preferring instead to go after prominent dissidents who publish information about forbidden topics online . "
Google.cn is happy to suggest English - language alternatives
Censorship is awesome .
The People 's Daily Online argues , in an English - language opinion piece , that the Chinese need their censorship because " the Chinese society has generally less information bearing - capacity than developed countries such as the US , which is an objective reality that no one can deny . "
In addition , despite the fact that the Chinese government has repeatedly switched various Google services on and off in the country and may be implicated in the huge hack attack on Google , Google 's decision is really a " politicization " that " was not provoked by China , but imposed by the US and the west onto China . "
No one else is leaving .
A Globe & Mail analysis piece from Canada asks why few other companies are stepping up to back Google 's position .
" While the US State Department looks ready to stand by the Internet giant in its dispute with China , the other 33 foreign firms who were victims of the cyber - attack do not .
Some are already looking at ways to jump into the void if Google — which runs the second most popular search engine in the country , well behind China 's own Baidu Inc. — carries through on its threat to leave .
Microsoft 's Steve Ballmer has pointedly said that his company wo n't be leaving China , where it has high hopes for its new Bing search engine . "
Yahoo takes a stand .
About the only company to side with Google was Yahoo , which immediately attracted strong criticism from its own partner Alibaba , a major e-commerce player in China .
Yahoo was " reckless " to back Google 's position , said Alibaba , especially since it had not yet been proven that the hack attacks came from the Chinese government .
The two companies have not interacted since .
Censorship is n't just a Chinese phenomena .
Last week , researcher Rebecca MacKinnon pointed out in a Guardian piece that local laws all over the world require Google to take various kinds of material : neo -Nazi items in France , child porn in many democracies , taunting and violent user videos in Italy .
The basic issue for MacKinnon is who becomes liable ?
" But if democracies decide that the primary solution to all these internet - era problems is to hold internet and mobile companies heavily liable for policing users - rather than finding some other way to fight crime and address other socially undesirable behaviour - authoritarian leaders around the world can also breathe a sigh of relief that the so - called free world is moving in their direction rather than the other way round . "
What about India ?
Google has been happy to censor material in India , even without the government asking it to do so .
" In September , lawyers at Google Inc. 's New Delhi office got a tip from an Internet user about alarming content on the company 's social networking site , Orkut .
People had posted offensive comments about the chief minister of India 's southern state of Andhra Pradesh , who had died just a few days earlier in a helicopter crash .
Google 's response :
It removed not just the material but also the entire user group that contained it , a person familiar with the matter says . "
Freedom of speech in India can be tricky when the local penal code allows jail time and fines for those who speak or write with the " deliberate and malicious intention of outraging the religious feelings " of other Indians .
Society
China to jail people for up to 15 days who eat dog By Zhao Chunzhe ( chinadaily.com.cn )
Updated : 2010-01-26 15:36
China has launched its first draft proposal to protect the country 's animals from maltreatment including a measure to jail people who eat dog for up to 15 days , the Chongqing Evening News reported today .
The pilot scheme aims to protect the nation 's animal from misuse or injury and defines maltreatment as hurting or killing animals in a cruel manner .
The draft has nine chapters covering major regulations including animal medical treatment , transportation and butchers regulations .
It also proposes that people caught eating dog or cat meat will be detained for no more than 15 days with a fine of 5,000 yuan ( $ 732 ) .
Any unit or group found violating the rule will be fined between 10,000 yuan ( $ 1,464 ) to 500,000 yuan ( $ 73,239 ) .
" It wo n't impact people 's lives because only few people eat the meat of dogs and cats , " said Chang Jiwen , a principal drafter .
China National Native Produce & Animal By - Products Import & Export Corporation backed the act saying it will encourage its trade volume of down and cashmere , the report said .
The Fable of the User - Centered Designer
" Once there was a bright young man who was looking for an effective designer .
He was n't looking for just any designer .
He wanted to find a designer who could design complex technology that was simple to use . "
Follow a young man 's journey as he discovers the three secrets of user - centred design .
It 's a small book that has big results .
“ This Fable has proved to be a wonderful way to evangelise User Centered Design in LEGIS .
We 've read it , discussed it and worked with it .
Everybody loves it . ” — Moisés Brainsky , LEGIS .
The paper , by Professor João Zilhão and colleagues , builds on his earlier research which proposed that , south of the Cantabro - Pyrenean mountain chain , Neanderthals survived for several millennia after being replaced or assimilated by anatomically modern humans everywhere else in Europe .
Although the reality of this ' Ebro Frontier ' pattern has gained wide acceptance since it was first proposed by Professor Zilhão some twenty years ago , two important aspects of the model have remained the object of unresolved controversy : the exact duration of the frontier ; and the causes underlying the eventual disappearance of those refugial Neanderthal populations ( ecology and climate , or competition with modern human immigrants ) .
Professor Zilhão and colleagues now report new dating evidence for the Late Aurignacian of Portugal , an archaeological culture unquestionably associated with modern humans , that firmly constrains the age of the last Neanderthals of southern and western Iberia to no younger than some 37,000 years ago .
This new evidence therefore puts at five millennia the duration of the Iberian Neanderthal refugium , and counters speculations that Neanderthal populations could have remained in the Gibraltar area until 28,000 years ago .
These findings have important implications for the understanding of the archaic features found in the anatomy of a 30,000 year old child unearthed at Lagar Velho , Portugal .
With the last of the Iberian Neanderthals dating to many millennia before the child was born , ' freak ' crossbreeding between immediate ancestors drawn from distinct ' modern ' and ' Neanderthal ' gene pools can not be a viable explanation .
The skeleton 's archaic features must therefore represent evolutionarily significant admixture at the time of contact , as suggested by the team who excavated and studied the fossil .
Professor Zilhão said : " I believe the ' Ebro frontier ' pattern was generated by both climatic and demographic factors , as it coincides with a period of globally milder climate during which oak and pine woodlands expanded significantly along the west façade of Iberia .
" Population decrease and a break - up of interaction networks probably occurred as a result of the expansion of such tree - covered landscapes , favouring the creation and persistence of population refugia .
" Then , as environments opened up again for large herbivore herds and their hunters as a result of the return to colder conditions , interaction and movement across the previous boundary must have ensued , and the last of the Neanderthals underwent the same processes of assimilation or replacement that underpin their demise elsewhere in Europe five millennia earlier . "
The dating was undertaken by experts at the University of Vienna ( VERA laboratory ) led by Professor Eva Maria Wild , and at the University of Oxford 's Radiocarbon Accelerator Unit .
Professor Wild , head of the 14C program at VERA ( Vienna Environmental Research Accelerator ) said : " Accurate 14C dating was crucial for this study .
For layer 2 of the cave sediment we achieved this by selecting teeth for 14C dating and by comparing the 14C results of the same sample after different , elaborate sample pre-treatments .
Agreement between the results obtained with different methods provides a proof for accurate dating . "
Martin Luther King Jr. was born in Atlanta , Georgia , US on Jan 15 , 1929 .
He was a Baptist minister , activist , humanitarian and civil rights leader who prac ...
Posted on by Robert Kyriakides
One of my regular readers who calls himself Davy Stephenson recently commented about population growth .
Mr Stephenson is a gadfly who stings me from time to time into thought .
He set me thinking and set me thinking as to how population growth is central to all planetary change and how the growth of human population has created many problems as well as solving problems .
In the final and infinite analysis population growth is the curse of humanity ; we are so frightened of it that either we dare not speak its name or we ignore it , claiming that it matters not at all and there is plenty of room on this planet for everyone today and everyone that we may create in the future for all of time to come .
My publishing my conclusion that population growth is a curse , not just for the species with which we compete for space on this planet but also for ourselves , will offend many .
Many religions preach the necessity of propagation but I have reached the conclusion that as a species we have already filled every easily habitable corner of the earth and it is time to slow down and find an equilibrium before our numbers increase to such that we will have sown the seeds of our own destruction .
When we chase something , whatever it is , selfishly and with excessive focus on the result and without regard to the consequences we do not smell the flowers that line the pathway of our journey of our pursuit , but destroy them .
Living competitively destroys those with whom you compete .
That is the point of competition , to win .
If that opponent is other animals that compete with us , then those animals become extinct by our actions .
If we compete with the environment , instead of living with the environment , then , just as we cause extinction of species so we make part of our environment extinct .
The expansion of human numbers has , in the past fifty years seen such important eco systems as the tropical rain forest and the wetlands of the Everglades shrunk in area , so that they now have cover less than half the areas they covered fifty years ago .
In our rapacious need to multiply we have destroyed these environments and many more .
We have used their resources for our necessities and our pleasures .
It is arguable that if we could change our environments without there being any adverse consequences , then , in order to ensure the survival of the human race and the production and improvement of our individual deoxyribonucleic acids , then that is the price worth paying .
However it does not work like that .
In destroying the natural environment in copious amounts we destroy the things that have made the environment to which we have adapted over hundreds of thousands of years .
Our climate , our water and our food are all affected by the destruction of environments caused by the expansion of the numbers of humanity .
In small numbers humans adapt and prosper .
In large numbers humans will end up destroying those things upon which they depend for life .
Of course we are not yet at the population “ tipping point ” when it comes to numbers .
It is possible that the infinite complexity of nature will prevent us from reaching that part of the lever which when pulled will send the human race to oblivion , as a footnote in natural history .
It may be that there will inevitably be famines , new diseases , massive infertility and other unimaginable changes that will keep human numbers to a level that the planet can more or less sustain .
Perhaps the things we treat as threats , like climate change , will be our salvation by limiting and cutting back our numbers , to levels that will permit our planet to recover equilibrium .
There may be in order in apparent chaos and a design of which we can not perceive .
And thus it seems to me to be that our population may outgrow our capacity to sustain it ; it is not about our acting sustainably but about our planet being capable of sustaining our species .
If that happens than we will have bred ourselves and our species to extinction .
Rate this :
Share this : Reddit
Facebook
Tumblr
More
Email
Twitter
LinkedIn
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : climate change , global warming , religion | Tagged : breeding ourselves to extinction , competing with the environment , population growth , the planet sustaining humanity |
Shares
Cannabis has been used recreationally and medically for centuries .
Despite long experience , relatively little is known about the risks and benefits of its use as a medication .
A considerable portion of our ignorance can be attributed to government discouragement of cannabis research .
Searching the NIH website brings up many studies of both cannabis abuse and cannabis as a therapeutic agent , but most of the general information available is about cannabis as a drug of abuse .
And there is no doubt about the abuse potential and withdrawal potential of marijuana except among hard core denialists .
The data is clear : marijuana discontinuation is associated with a withdrawal syndrome in many users , with some experts likening it in symptoms and severity to nicotine withdrawal .
As with any pharmacologically active substance , there are no “ side effects ” , only effects which we desire and those we do not .
Given that cannabis is clearly a powerful pharmacologic agent , that there is a great deal of anecdotal evidence supporting its use , and that there is scientific plausibility to these claims , its potential use as a therapeutic drug should be investigated seriously .
As marijuana becomes increasingly available for medical use , practitioners of science - based medicine need to evaluate the evidence for the use of this drug .
In evaluating a new drug , we must ask a number of questions , including those of safety , efficacy , and perhaps redundancy .
Claims for the efficacy of marijuana tend to be hyperbolic , with no condition being exempt from its benefits .
The state of Michigan passed a law last year allowing the use of medical marijuana .
The statue requires a doctor to attest to the following :
It is my professional opinion that the applicant has been diagnosed with a debilitating medical condition as indicated above .
The medical use of marihuana is likely to be palliative or provide therapeutic benefits for the symptoms or effects of applicant ’s condition .
Once a patient has this certification , they are allowed to grow a small amount of pot for their own use .
What conditions does this apply to ?
Cancer
Glaucoma
HIV or AIDS Positive ( sic )
Hepatitis C
Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Crohn ’s Disease
Agitation of Alzheimer ’s Disease
Nail Patella OR a medical condition or treatment that produces , for this patient , one or more of the following and which , in the physician ’s professional opinion , may be alleviated by the medical use of medical marihuana .
Cachexia or Wasting Syndrome
Severe Chronic Pain
Severe Nausea
Seizures ( Including but not limited to those characteristic of Epilepsy )
Severe and Persistent Muscle Spasms ( Including but not limited to those characteristic of Multiple Sclerosis . )
“ Cancer ” means so many different things as to be nearly meaningless .
What if in my professional opinion the patient ’s basal cell cancer might be improved with a toke ?
Leaving this aside , what evidence do we have that marijuana is safe and effective in the listed conditions , and that it has a better risk / benefit profile than extant treatments ?
For example , a recent review of marijuana for for the use of muscle spasticity in multiple sclerosis found little objective evidence for its benefit .
Glaucoma , one of the original “ indications ” for medical marijuana , is a condition for which many sophisticated and effective interventions exist , but the literature for the use of cannabis for this disorder is anemic to say the least .
The use for marijuana for many of these indications barely passes the plausibility test .
Of what possible use could pot be in the treatment of hepatitis C or Crohn ’s disease ?
The agitation of Alzheimer ’s could just as plausibly be exacerbated by pot as palliated , and a recent review found no benefit .
Some areas with better plausibility include cachexia ( weight loss due to chronic disease ) and nausea , although the development of drugs such as ondansetron , with its minimal side - effects and excellent anti-emetic activity makes pot look redundant at best .
Dronabinol , a synthetic and legal marijuana - based drug has been used for a number of years for nausea and appetite loss , but the data have not been all that encouraging .
Marijuana offers many promising avenues of investigation , although there will be little advancement without a change in US government policy .
But for a physician , the reason for the lack of data is not nearly as important as the lack of data itself .
As physicians , we cannot ethically prescribe or recommend a powerful pharmaceutical whose effects are not at least reasonably well - known .
In fact , it ’s hard to envision any situation in which prescribing marijuana would be ethical .
If there were a condition with a lot of anecdotal data and no other effective treatment , and the risks of the condition were such that they outweighed the health risks and dependence potential of marijuana , we would maybe — maybe — have something to work with .
But for now , people who want to take cannabis should not count on a doctor to approve it for them .
An optical image if the active galaxy NGC 1365 ; its nucleus contains a massive black hole that emits a strange mix of X - ray radiation .
Credit : SSRO - South
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The nucleus of an active galaxy , an AGN , contains a massive black hole that is vigorously accreting material .
In the process it typically ejects jets of particles and radiates brightly at many wavelengths , in particular at X - ray wavelengths .
It turns out that nearly half of all AGN seem to have very thick gas clouds near their nuclei , a conclusion reached because only high energy X - rays are seen coming from them ; the usual explanation is that gas clouds absorb the lower energy X - ray emission , while higher energy radiation is relatively unaffected .
X -ray AGN are important to astronomers not only because they provide new insights into black holes and their surroundings , but because the X - rays are often time variable , suggesting that these clouds of gas are in motion around the nucleus .
These kinematics in turn provide information on how the AGN and its galaxy formed and evolved .
The galaxy NGC 1365 is about sixty light - years away .
It is notable for having rapid variations in its low energy X - rays -- timescales of just days , suggesting that solar - system - sized gas clouds near the nucleus are moving across our view of the AGN , possibly part of a torus around the nucleus .
SAO astronomers Guido Risaliti , Martin Elvis , Pepi Fabbiano , and Junfeng Wang have used a suite of orbiting X - ray telescopes to discover and track a very curious property of NGC 1365 : its high energy X - ray emission is about twice that expected compared to the low energy emission , even when the low energy radiation is at its brightest .
The scientists offer three possible explanations for this so - far unique situation : the AGN has yet another layer of absorbing gas but one that does not vary ( but where did it come from ) , there is a second black hole contributing its own X - rays ( but no other galaxy of this type has two such black holes ) , or the shape of the absorber has a particular , complex geometry ( which seems very artificial ) .
Whatever the final solution , the new paper sheds light on the complex environment that can exist around active galactic nuclei .
Provided by Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics ( news : web )
Explore further Chandra sees remarkable eclipse of black hole
Diet drinks ' could harm the kidneys '
Diet fizzy drinks may damage the kidneys , new research reveals
Diet fizzy drinks may damage the kidneys , a study suggests .
Research on 3,000 women found that two or more artificially sweetened drinks a day doubled the risk of a faster - than - average decline in kidney function .
The link persisted after taking account of other risk factors including age , high blood pressure , diabetes , smoking , and heart disease .
Drinks made with sugar did not have the same effect on kidney function .
The scientists from Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , Massachusetts said more work was needed to understand what was behind the trend .
Dr Julie Lin , who led the research , said : ' There are currently limited data on the role of diet in kidney disease .
' While more study is needed , our research suggests that higher sodium and artificially sweetened soda intake are associated with greater rate of decline in kidney function . '
All the study participants were older Caucasian women .
The scientists said it was not clear whether the findings also applied to men or people of different ethnic backgrounds .
The American Beverage Association said : " It 's important to remember that this is an abstract being presented at an annual meeting .
" Until it has been subjected to the rigors of peer - review and published in a peer - reviewed scientific journal , it is impossible to provide thoughtful comment on the results . "
A spokesman pointed out that the two main causes of chronic kidney disease were diabetes and high blood pressure " not consumption of diet soda " .
Sigh .
Can we call a moratorium on going Godwin already ?
My in - laws lived through the actual Nazi invasion and occupation of Denmark .
It 's not a term to flippantly toss about , and certainly not in this case .
Supporting Martha Coakley for Teddy Kennedy 's Senate seat is akin to the party responsible for killing millions of Jews , gays , Gypsies , among others and advocating eugenics ?
Really ?
It cheapens the word and it minimizes the horrors that were experienced by so many people and it needs to stop .
UPDATE : Sen .
Kerry has called out the Brown campaign for their threatening tactics :
At a press conference today , U.S. Sen .
John Kerry called on Scott Brown to tell his out of state supporters to put an end to the bullying and intimidation tactics of the past few days .
Recent media reports have described a range of these outrageous tactics , ranging from the theft and burning of lawn signs to threatening comments posted on the Facebook pages of Coakley supporters to death threats posted on Coakley ’s own Facebook page .
Meanwhile , at a West Springfield event on Saturday , when a Brown supporter yelled “ Shove a curling iron up her butt ! ” in reference to Coakley , Brown himself smiled in acknowledgment of the threat .
“ I 'm no stranger to hard fought campaigns , but what we ’ve seen in the past few days is way over the line and reminiscent of the dangerous atmosphere of Sarah Palin 's 2008 campaign rallies .
This is not how democracy works in Massachusetts .
Scott Brown needs to speak up and get his out of state tea party supporters under control .
In Massachusetts , we fight hard and win elections on the issues and on our differences , not with bullying and threats , ” said Senator John Kerry .
“ He stoked the fires himself - smirking at threats against the Attorney General , busing scores of paid ‘ supporters ’ into his events , and standing by while his supporters call his opponents ‘ Nazis . ’
But what we ’ve seen over the past two weeks is these out of state supporters coming in and engaging in tactics we ’ve never seen here before .
Now , as Election Day approaches , it ’s become increasingly clear that Scott Brown has lost control of his campaign , and we are calling on him to tell his out of state supporters to stand down , ” said Coakley spokesman Corey Welford .
I 'd like to see Candidate Scott Brown denounce these kind of tactics , but sadly , we know he wo n't .
Microsoft CEO
Steve Ballmer will announce a multimedia tablet computer on Wednesday to be made by Hewlett - Packard , according to a news report , just as hype about a rumored similar device from Apple peaks .
Ballmer will reveal the touchscreen , slate - style computer during his keynote speech at the International Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) , The New York Times said late Tuesday , citing unnamed sources .
Such a move would come just a few weeks before Apple is expected to announce its own , much - hyped tablet computer .
Ballmer will show the device , which is not yet named but will combine multitouch and e-reader functions , the report said .
HP will make the device and it could be available mid-year , it said .
The report comes as signs grow that touch - based devices will take much of the limelight at CES this year .
Both HP and Lenovo have announced new netbooks with touchscreen support this week .
Of course , you may also remember those Microsoft Courier tablet concept videos from late last year .
An HP spokeswoman declined to comment on the report .
Microsoft representatives could not immediately be reached for comment .
Basic Description
watch the
animated intro
A harmonograph is a pendulum - based drawing board that produces beautiful curvaceous drawings .
After you give the large hanging platform a gentle push , gravity works its magic while a pen records the results .
Each swing is almost identical to its predecessor : the minute discrepancies are responsible for the remarkably sinuous curves .
The version that we have detailed in the plan below allows you to make drawings on paper or on an erasable whiteboard .
You can set up the harmonograph in a garage or basement and hoist it out of the way when not in use ; it ends up taking virtually no space at all .
We love to enjoy the mesmerizing action , but it makes a great conservation piece at a party and kids absolutely love it !
It takes some patience to get everything working right , but it is definitely worth the fine tuning that this project requires ; as always , we will walk you through all of the steps .
We 've spent over eight years in Afghanistan with no prospect of leaving , no clear mission and no consistent strategy .
Yet , we are poised to send more soldiers and pour billions more dollars into a place that has been called the " graveyard of empires . "
One has to wonder if we know what we 're doing .
Our leaders remain in a quandary over the war .
For example , National Security Advisor Jim Jones and Senator Carl Levin ( D - MI ) , chairman of the Armed Services Committee , want to triple the size of the police and military in Afghanistan .
General Stanley A. McChrystal , commander of Afghanistan , advocates a counter - insurgency approach and up to 40,000 troops to assist the 68,000 already there .
Vice President Joe Biden suggests a counter - terrorism approach that focuses on combating al Qaeda through the use of unmanned drones and special forces instead of additional troops .
" This is the definition of insanity , " said Phyllis Bennis , a foreign policy expert who specializes in Middle East and United Nations issues and is a fellow of the Institute for Policy Studies in Washington D.C.
Recently , she spoke during Peace Week at Western Michigan University where she provided a punchy critique on the war that has already cost $ 225 billion , 904 Americans ' lives and God knows how many Afghani lives .
Bennis questioned the original purposes and motivations of the war , which were meant to respond to 9/11 .
However , the hijackers were Saudis and Egyptians who attended flight schools in the United States and they lived in Hamburg , Germany .
So why did we invade Afghanistan ?
And as horrific as September 11 was , it was not an act of war that warranted the invasion of that country , said Bennis .
President Bush called it a " war of justice " when it was really a " war of vengeance . "
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Eating Flies
When I was in elementary school we used to play this game where we 'd stretch out our arms , open our mouths , and run around the schoolyard making sounds like airplanes .
The game was appropriately called " airplanes , " and it was pretty goddamn awesome .
It stayed awesome , in fact , until the day a horsefly flew into my mouth and went down my throat .
I spent a good 30 seconds trying to hawk it up , meanwhile it buzzed , squirmed , and had what I imagined was some kind of insect dance party inside my esophagus .
Eventually , it shot out of my mouth and flew off to live what I imagined was a charmed life .
For the remainder of the school year , however , my classmates referred to me as " that kid who ate a horsefly " rather than my first name .
Since then , I 've often fantasized about going back to elementary school and pounding handfuls of flies into the mouths of all those moon - faced little brats .
" My name is Oatmeal , motherfuckers , " I imagined myself saying , " Not ' the bug kid , ' ' biggie bugjaws , ' or " lord of the flies . ' "
" OATMEAL . "
Russell Brand began dating Katy Perry in September
Russell Brand has become engaged to US singer Katy Perry while on holiday , the comedian 's publicist has confirmed .
Brand , 34 , proposed in India on New Year 's
Eve before their relationship was blessed by a " love guru " , according to the Sun newspaper .
Brand and Perry , 25 , whose hits include I Kissed A Girl , have been celebrating their engagement in Thailand .
In November , Perry said the couple had " a special thing " that they wanted to keep away from the media spotlight .
" The wonderful thing is we both have our own kind of separate talents , careers and lives and we really respect each other , " she told BBC Radio 1's Newsbeat .
She said she was not surprised by the attention their relationship had received .
" We both equally get our fair share , so if you put the two of us together then maybe it will multiply , " she said .
US drone missiles slaughtered 700 Pakistani civilians in 2009
5 January 2010
US drone missile attacks have claimed the lives of over 700 Pakistani civilians since Barack Obama took office a year ago , according to figures released this week by officials in Islamabad .
The escalation of Washington ’s AfPak war , now in full swing , will mean the slaughter of thousands more men , women and children in 2010 .
The grim death toll was announced in the Pakistani English - language daily Dawn Monday , just as news of the latest strike by a Hellfire missile made its way from an impoverished village near the Afghanistan border .
The missile strike left dead and buried in the rubble of their home a Pakistani teacher and his nine - year - old son .
According to media accounts citing unnamed US intelligence officials , the teacher ’s home had been targeted for a Predator drone attack because of reports that militants had frequented the house .
Who provided these reports ?
How were they verified ?
Was there any evidence that the teacher — not to mention his child — were in any way implicated in the activities of the alleged “ militants ? ”
No answers are forthcoming from the US government or the CIA , which conducts the majority of these attacks , reaffirming the intelligence agency ’s reputation as Murder , Inc .
Washington , the CIA and the Pentagon have arrogated to themselves the unlimited right to carry out extra-judicial executions wherever they please , with no need for explanation , much less probative evidence .
Initiated under the Bush administration in the name of a global war on terror , this criminal practice has been only intensified under Obama .
Over the course of the past year , US drones have fired missiles into the tribal areas of western Pakistan 44 times — more than twice the number of strikes carried out during the last year of the Bush administration .
Citing statistics compiled by Pakistani government officials , Dawn reports that these missile strikes succeeded in killing only “ five key Al Qaeda and Taliban leaders , ” while their so - called collateral damage included the lives of 708 innocent civilians .
“ For each Al Qaeda and Taliban terrorist killed by US drones , 140 innocent Pakistanis also had to die , ” the newspaper reports .
“ Over 90 per cent of those killed in the deadly missile strikes were civilians , claim authorities . ”
The newspaper listed as one of the drone campaign ’s few successes the missile strike that killed the leader of the Pakistan Taliban , Baitullah Mehsud , and his wife on August 5 of last year .
As investigative reporter Jane Mayer pointed out in the New Yorker last October , however , it took “ sixteen missile strikes , and fourteen months , before the CIA succeeded in killing him . ”
The earlier , failed attacks are believed to have killed as many as 321 innocent civilians , while terrorizing an entire region .
There is no information from the US government to contradict Dawn ’s story .
The CIA classifies its drone program as “ covert ” and provides no information as to the number or identity of the people it kills .
Citing unnamed intelligence sources ( as well as military spokesmen in Afghanistan ) , the media routinely report that all those killed in drone attacks are “ militants . ”
Only when eyewitness accounts of the torn bodies of women and children make it out of the remote tribal areas is there any suggestion that the truth might be otherwise .
“ Most of the attacks were carried out on the basis of human intelligence , reportedly provided by the Pakistani and Afghan tribesmen who are spying for the US - led allied forces in Afghanistan , ” the Dawn article added .
Last week ’s suicide bombing that killed seven CIA agents and a top Jordanian intelligence agent at Forward Operating Base Chapman in eastern Afghanistan provided one indication of the reliability of such intelligence .
The operatives at FOB Chapman were directly involved in choosing targets for the Predator drones .
The bomber , considered one of their key “ assets , ” fed them false information for over a year before calling the operatives — including the CIA chief of the operation — to a meeting in order to kill them .
The drone campaign in Pakistan is a protracted exercise in “ targeted assassinations ” and mass murder carried out against the people of a country with which the US is supposedly not even at war .
It exemplifies everything that is criminal and reactionary in US imperialism ’s campaign of military aggression in Central Asia and the Persian Gulf .
CIA functionaries and military contractors ( i.e. , well - paid mercenaries ) sit in front of video screens in Langley , Virginia , using joy sticks to send missiles crashing into the homes of Pakistani villagers .
After a day spent murdering men , women and children 7,000 miles away , they get in their cars and drive home to their families and dinner .
Between the CIA ’s secrecy and the Pakistani regime ’s barring of media from the targeted tribal areas , the carnage from these attacks is largely hidden from the American people .
To the extent that it is justified to the public , it is in the name of combating terrorism .
Considering the grim equation provided by the report in Dawn — 140 dead civilians for every supposed “ terrorist ” killed by a Predator missile — this is clearly a pretext .
The 44 strikes of the last year have done nothing to suppress terrorism .
Rather , they have created thousands , if not tens of thousands , of people with a reason to strike back at the United States for the deaths of their families , friends and neighbors .
The drone strikes are part of an explosion of American militarism that has very different aims than combating terrorism or assuring the security of the US population .
It is driven by the crisis of US capitalism and the attempt by the American ruling elite to overcome it by military means — first and foremost by imposing US hegemony over the energy - rich and strategically vital regions of the Persian Gulf and Central Asia .
The more than 700 killed on Obama ’s orders in the drone attacks over the last year is only the beginning .
As part of his administration ’s military “ surge , ” US officials have demanded that the Pakistani government launch an offensive to crush support for Afghans fighting against the US - led occupation .
Washington has threatened that unless Islamabad takes decisive action , the US will act unilaterally , including with possible missile strikes against Quetta , a city of more than one million , where Taliban leaders have allegedly taken refuge .
Every escalation of US operations in Pakistan is further undermining the government , which is complicit in Washington ’s crimes , threatening to unleash a civil war in a nuclear - armed country and to destabilize the entire region .
The military - intelligence apparatus has embraced the drone missile attacks as a technological answer to the problem of waging a war that is opposed by the majority of the American people .
They do not involve immediate US casualties , and the human toll they inflict remains largely concealed .
Nonetheless , they are sowing the seeds of a far wider military conflagration , which , if it is not stopped , will exact a terrible price on working people in the US and around the world .
Bill Van Auken
Haitian police have arrested 10 United States citizens caught trying to take 33 children out of the earthquake - stricken country in a suspected illicit adoption scheme , authorities say .
Authorities fear traffickers could try to exploit the chaos and turmoil following Haiti's January 12 earthquake quake to engage in illegal adoptions .
But one of the suspects , who says she is leader of an Idaho - based charity called New Life Children 's Refuge ( NCLR ) , denies they have done anything wrong .
The five men and five women are in custody in the capital Port - au - Prince after their arrests on Friday night .
They were detained at Malpasse , Haiti's main border crossing with the Dominican Republic , after Haitian police conducted a routine search of their vehicle .
Authorities said the Americans had no documents to prove they had cleared the adoption of the 33 children - aged 2 months to 12 years - and no papers showing the children were made orphans by the quake .
Yves Cristalin , Haiti's social affairs minister , says the incident is " totally illegal " .
" No children can leave Haiti without proper authorisation and these people did not have that authorisation , " he said .
But Laura Sillsby from the Idaho group NCLR says the group has done nothing wrong .
" We had permission from the Dominican Republic Government to bring the children to an orphanage that we have there , " she said .
" We have a Baptist minister here [ in Port - au - Prince ] whose orphanage totally collapsed and he asked us to take the children to the orphanage in the Dominican Republic .
I was going to come back here to do the paperwork .
" They accuse us of children trafficking .
This is something I would never do .
We were not trying to do something wrong . "
US authorities could not be reached for immediate comment on the arrests .
In addition to outright trafficking in children , authorities have voiced fears legitimate aid groups may have flown earthquake orphans out of the country for adoption before efforts to find their parents had been exhausted .
As a result , the Haitian Government halted many types of adoptions earlier this month .
There are no reliable estimates of the number of parentless and lost children at risk in Haiti 's quake - shattered capital .
- Reuters
Lord Carey said he favoured a bias towards Christian immigrants Former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey has said immigrants to the UK should have an understanding the country 's Christian heritage .
He is among a group of MPs and peers warning that the population should not be allowed to go beyond 70 million .
Lord Carey said immigration angered many people and could lead to violence , and that the system had to focus more on maintaining " values " .
Labour says the system works , but the Tories want caps on incoming workers .
All the main parties are sceptical about setting population targets which they believe is unrealistic and counter - productive .
Last year the Office for National Statistics said , if current trends continued , the UK population would rise by 10 million to more than 71.6 million by 2033 - the fastest rise in a century .
' Unprecedented '
Two - thirds of that increase would be caused , directly or indirectly , by migration to the UK , it suggested .
The Balanced Migration Group - made up of 20 parliamentarians , including Lord Carey , former Commons Speaker Baroness Boothroyd , five Labour MPs and 10 Conservative MPs - is backing a campaign calling for curbs on immigration .
We 've got to be more outspoken .
What I 'm calling for is a debate , a debate without any rancour
Lord Carey
Lord Carey on BBC 5 Live Lord Carey told BBC Radio 4's Today programme : " We are not calling for a ban or anything like that because we value people from abroad . "
" What I think I 'm concerned about is not saying we must put a limit on people who are non-Christian populations .
That 's not the point .
We welcome everybody and that 's always been the generous spirit of the United Kingdom . "
But , he said , immigrants must " understand " the UK 's culture , including parliamentary democracy " which is built upon Christian heritage " , " our commitment to the English language " and an understanding of the country 's history .
The system should not " give preference to any particular group " , he said , but added that points - based immigration could take these cultural aspects into consideration .
' Competing groups ' Lord Carey added : " If there 's going to be an implementation of that points system , it must focus much more on values rather than religions ...
" If there are competing groups wanting to come in , some groups which may have a greater understanding , an espousal to that , may be given preference under a points system , but that 's not what I 'm arguing and certainly not what the cross - party group is arguing . "
Lord Carey told BBC Radio 5 live : " We 've got to be more outspoken .
What I 'm calling for is a debate , a debate without any rancour . "
He added that immigration was an issue that mattered to " ordinary working - class people " and that it was important to tackle " that kind of resentment which could build and is building up already " .
Lord Carey said too much population growth in the UK could foster " dangerous social conditions " , with some minority ethnic groups , such as young Muslim men , suffering " disproportionate " unemployment .
Labour MP Field and Tory MP Nicholas Soames , the co-chairmen of the migration group , said : " Poll after poll shows the public to be deeply concerned about immigration and its impact on our population .
" It is time parties turned their rhetoric into reality by making manifesto commitments to prevent our population reaching 70 million by 2029 . " 70 million ' unlikely '
The government must " restore control " over the UK 's borders and " break the present almost automatic link between coming to Britain and later gaining citizenship " , the group said .
Cabinet ministers have tried to do more to address public concerns about immigration , saying the issue must not become the preserve of the BNP .
Last November , Gordon Brown promised to " tighten " the UK 's immigration rules by reducing the number of professions which can recruit from outside Europe while making it harder for illegal workers to enter the UK by obtaining student visas .
He said new restrictions were having an effect , adding the 70 million projection was unlikely to materialise .
The Conservatives have said they would keep the government 's points - based system but place an overall annual limit on numbers and try to attract more highly qualified migrants .
The Lib Dems say they would ensure migrants were directed to parts of the country where they are most needed , where they will be welcomed and there are the resources to accommodate them .
Net migration - the number of people who come to live in Britain minus those who leave - fell by more than a third in 2008 but critics say this was driven by eastern Europeans returning home and immigration levels must fall to levels of the early 1990s .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mr. York has the experience and legal sophistication necessary to handle even the most complex legal disputes .
Mr. York is widely recognized as a leading trial lawyer in Indiana .
People who need quality legal representation can depend on Robert W. York & Associates .
“ For 46 years , I have been at home in the courtroom litigating virtually every type of case .
The experience of knowing what can happen during trial has greatly aided me in determining which case should settle out of court . ” – Robert W. York
How To Tutorials
5 Ways To Turn Your Modern Space Into a Cozy Home
Your home should be a reflection of your aesthetic , but also comfortable .
Create a cozy space that you 'll never want to leave in five easy steps .
Hello , relaxation !
read more >
5 Ways to Maintain a Healthy Office Environment Create a healthy office environment with these tips and tricks on choosing the right desk , chair and decor .
read more >
Although according to Time 's " brief history of the cougar , " they 're as old as human history itself .
That 's right , not " older woman and younger men , " but " cougars . "
Including , wait for it , " Cougar the Great " ( pictured . ) [ Time ]
Advertisement
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
As the big banks gear up to fight President Barack Obama ’s proposed “ financial crisis responsibility fee , ” it ’s worth taking a look at some of the behavior that got us here .
Dean Baker offers a great example — Goldman Sachs ’ bets against the financial products it was selling :
The basic story is that a [ collateralized debt obligation , or CDO ] is a pile of assets of different types .
It can include parts of mortgage backed securities , parts of other types of securities and just about anything else that the issuer chooses .
Goldman knows exactly what it threw into the CDO , the insurer ( AIG in this case ) only knows the information that is publicly available and what Goldman might chose to tell them .
When Goldman offers to buy a from AIG on its CDO , it is either throwing its money away , in the event the CDO is good or it is expecting to make money because it knows the CDO is bad .
If you were AIG , what would you think ?
( btw , note that Goldman was not insuring an interest or “ hedging ” in any way .
It sold the CDO , it did n’t buy it , and therefore had no interest in it . )
Let me break this down for you .
Too extend a metaphor that Phil Angelides , the chair of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission , used yesterday , think of Goldman as a used car salesman .
Goldman knows there ’s a good chance that the cars it is selling are going to break down after 1,000 miles .
But its customers have no easy way of figuring that out .
Here ’s the rub : in real life , a sketchy used car salesman can’t take out an insurance policy that pays out if a car he ’s already sold breaks down .
But that ’s effectively what Goldman can do with a CDS .
It ’s the financial equivalent of buying homeowners ’ insurance on the house you just sold to your neighbors and then burning the house down .
So for Goldman Sachs , the best move was obvious :
Sell as many lemony cars as possible , buy insurance on all of them ( knowing they ’ll probably break down ) , and collect both the sale price of the car and the insurance payout !
Last week , the Sexist highlighted a fairly common reaction of groping victims around the metro region — say nothing .
A woman who got assaulted on a crowded dance floor , a woman who got rubbed on Metro , a girl who got her ass grabbed — they all kept it to themselves .
What if they ’d said something ?
What kind of reception would they get ?
Below , five groping victims who spoke up — and what happened next .
THE INSIDE VOICE .
Vee Meadows ’ job required her to stick her butt out a little bit .
Meadows , a seasonal employee at a Dupont Circle bookstore , had bent over to fetch a bottom - shelved cookbook for a waiting customer , forcing her posterior to jut slightly into the aisle .
“ I suppose it was an irresistible temptation for a couple of guys walking by , ” Meadows says .
“ So , one of them grabbed my ass . ”
Meadows , 25 , was n’t expecting anybody to sexualize her cookbook duties .
At that job , she had always felt like “ less of a woman and more of a bookstore clerk . ”
And so Meadows assessed the situation like a bookstore clerk would .
“ I did feel like I had to act professionally in front of the customer , ” she says .
“ I ended up having to be polite to my customer while I was inwardly fuming . ”
Post - grab , Meadows whipped around and administered a verbal response befitting her position : “ As professionally as I could , I did say , ‘ What the hell ? ’ ”
THE TIMID REPORT .
When Elizabeth , 28 , felt a guy “ shove his hand between my legs , all the way to the front ” while waiting in line for her morning bus at PG Plaza — then caught the creep smiling at her — she did n’t say a thing .
What she thought was , “ Oh my God , I ’m going to miss the bus . ”
So she hurried on board and sat through the 15 - minute ride to her museum job in College Park .
When she arrived , she headed straight for the office bathroom and dry - heaved .
Even though her body was attempting to puke the experience away , Elizabeth says she “ played it down ” when she informed her boss what happened .
“ I was agitated and livid , like , ‘ Why are some men jerks like that , what is wrong with people ? ’… [ But ]
I was n’t calling it what I felt it was — and what I now know it was — which is a public sexual assault . ”
When it came time to replay the scenario to her boss , “ I felt ashamed — not of what happened to me , but of how I responded , ” Elizabeth says .
“ I feel like I should have known better .
I should have screamed . ”
FLIPPING YOUR SHIT .
Emily was walking down U Street on a Friday night with a few girlfriends when a man walked up and helped himself to her scalp .
“ His hand went up to hold the back of my neck , then up my scalp , and down through my hair , ” Emily says .
Emily , 22 , has had her run-ins with gropers before .
She ’s endured an ass slap at a crowded bar a few times .
But nothing like this .
“ It was such a violation .
All I thought was : Wait .
He ’s groping my hair .
What the hell is going on ? ” Emily says .
Her response was too explicit to repeat : “ I just started screaming at him : ‘ What the bleep are you doing ?
What the bleep is wrong with you ?
Do n’t bleeping touch me like that ! ’ ”
The man who reached out to caress Emily ’s hair without her consent was not very open to considering Emily ’s feelings .
He fell back into a group of friends and joined them in “ laughing at the 5 ’ 4 ″ white girl flipping her shit , ” Emily says .
Emily ’s friends begged her to stop yelling and resume their stroll to the bar .
“ My friends just kept saying , ‘ Come on .
Come on .
It ’s not worth it .
You ’re embarrassing us . ’
When I finally left , I told them , ‘ I ’m sorry , guys .
He was really close , and it creeped me out , ’” she says .
“ I should n’t have apologized for myself .
I had n’t done anything wrong … I could still feel him in my hair . ”
Dani , a friend of Emily ’s who witnessed the petting , says the crew wanted to err on the side of caution .
“ I definitely am in support of Emily reacting that way , because it can make people think , ” she says .
“ On the other hand , it ’s not the safest of neighborhoods .
After it happened , we were just kind of like , ‘ OK .
Lets keep walking . ’
We did n’t want to cause any more trouble . ”
THE PUBLIC ACCUSATION .
Jessica Graves screamed , too .
Graves was waiting in line for the bathroom in an Austin , Texas , coffee shop when a man walked by , dragged his hand under the hem of her skirt , and grazed her butt .
“ He got a pretty good swipe , ” Graves recalls .
She followed him out the door .
“ Did you just touch my ass ? ” she demanded .
“ Why would I want to touch your ass ? ” he replied .
Graves had refused to be a passive victim .
Her groper got even more of a thrill out of that .
“ I could see the sick sense of satisfaction on his face , ” she says .
“ His expression said , ‘ Gotcha !
I can deny this , and you ca n’t do shit about it , ’ ” says Graves .
“ I was enraged for hours .
I did n’t sleep , ” she says .
“ It made me so angry that I wanted to hurt people , and I ’m not a violent person .
I was so pissed off that I just shook with rage . ”
THE JOKE .
The hug was not Allyson Rudolph ’s idea .
Rudolph had hailed a cab after a night of drinking with some co-workers .
It was late , she was tipsy , and a secure cab ride from the West End bar to her home in Shaw sounded like a good idea .
“ The bartenders had started bringing us shots , which is usually about when I realize I need to go home , ” she says .
“ I ’m a very cheap date . ”
On the ride , Rudolph struck up a conversation with the driver , and the discussion turned to cab - riding etiquette .
Both concurred that it ’s important to exchange pleasantries between cabbie and customer .
“ We were in solid agreement that one should never ignore a person they happen to be sharing a car with , ” she says .
That ’s when the proposition came .
“ Can I have a hug ? ” the cabbie asked as the ride came to an end .
Rudolph obliged .
“ I was drunk and we ’d been chatting , plus I love hugs , so it seemed like a great idea , ” she says .
Rudolph and the cabbie both opened their doors and stepped out of the car .
“ Then he squeezed my boob and tried to kiss me . ”
Rudolph , who says she was too tipsy to report the cabbie , settled for laughing at him .
When Rudolph tells this story , she casts the cab driver as a pathetic buffoon , his unsolicited grab at her breast marking him as inept instead of threatening .
“ I make light of this a lot and tell it to friends as a funny story , but actually it really angers me , ” says Rudolph .
“ It ’s easy to see how the story could have had a much less funny ending .
… It ’s only when I start to put the story in the context of a major social issue that it stops being funny .
It ’s a really clear example of the way the world is just different for girls , and that is something that I do n’t find entertaining at all . ”
This column is the third in a series .
Catch up with Part 1 : Touch and Go : How Groping Happens .
And Part 2 : I Just Wanted Him to Finish And Leave ” : Why Some Groping Victims Stay Silent .
( Illustration by Brooke Hatfield ) .
Today ’s Special
Am I the only one completely surprised that her paranoid sign rant does n’t make any sense at all ?
One would assume if you believe in something enough to put foil on your head , you would at least try to make a coherent sentence for us to read .
New Jersey
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 7.1/10 ( 25 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : +3 ( from 9 votes )
Thousands of pieces of timber have been washed up on beaches across southern England after cargo ship the Ice Prince sank off the Dorset coast .
The Greek - registered vessel was carrying more than 2,000 tonnes of sawn timber when it got into difficulties in a storm and its crew was forced to abandon ship .
Timber from the ship drifted 100 miles through the channel .
The 10 m ( 33 ft ) lengths of sawn wood washed up several feet deep on the beaches .
Coastguards said the timber stretched from Littlehampton in West Sussex to Beachy Head in East Sussex .
Worthing beach was closed to allow heavy machinery to remove the washed - up cargo .
Barriers and cordons were erected along the beach and an urgent plea was issued to windsurfers and canoeists over concerns that the floating wood could cause an accident .
Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 Next
E-mail this to a friend Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Apple unveils iPad .
Your move , Amazon
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Why would anyone buy a Kindle for $ 259 when they can have an iPad for $ 499 ?
That 's the question that Amazon.com ( AMZN , Fortune 500 ) and many consumers are likely asking themselves after Apple ( AAPL , Fortune 500 ) Chief Executive Steve Jobs finally unveiled his company 's much - hyped tablet device on Wednesday .
The iPad has all the mobility and much more functionality than the Kindle or any of Amazon 's competitors , including the Sony ( SNE ) Reader and the Barnes & Noble ( BKS , Fortune 500 ) Nook .
So , the question for consumers will be :
Is access to the Internet , 140,000 apps , music , movies and photos worth springing the extra $ 240 ?
" People will do the cost - benefit analysis in their own heads and say , ' If I can read books on one thing and read books , newspapers and CNNMoney.com on this other thing and get a full color experience and get apps , ' it 's not a very difficult decision , " said David Wertheimer , executive director of the Entertainment Technology Center at the University of Southern California .
That cost - benefit analysis over the Kindle is what Steve Jobs is banking on .
" Amazon 's done a great job of pioneering this functionality with the Kindle , " Apple 's CEO said at Wednesday 's iPad event in California .
" We 're going to stand on their shoulders and go a little further . "
Before you decide , let 's take a closer look .
Display
On the surface , it 's really no comparison .
The iPad has a 9.7 - inch , full - color , high - resolution , LED - backlit screen .
The Kindle has a 6 - inch black and white screen with no backlight .
Amazon offers the larger Kindle DX with a 9.7 - inch screen , but that costs $ 489 -- only $ 10 less than the lowest - priced iPad .
But Kindle users love to tout the device 's " e-ink , " no backlight display .
" Heavy readers do n't like staring at a backlit LED display , " said Dmitriy Molchanov , e-reader analyst at Yankee Group .
" E- readers are easier on the eyes . "
This one is a wash .
Are you going to spend hours a day reading books and newspapers ?
The Kindle is probably for you .
But for the casual reader , the iPad 's screen is a winner .
Books
Both Amazon and Apple have struck deals with the big publishers , so most bestsellers should be available on both devices .
Unlike Amazon , which forces publishers to package its books in a special , only - for - Kindle format , Apple has embraced the so - called ePub industry standard .
Still , those books will be locked , so the books you download at Apple 's iBookstore can only be read on the iPad .
So what this category really comes down to is the price .
Almost all e-books at Amazon 's digital bookstore are all available for $ 9.99 or less .
Apple 's iBookstore will sell most bestsellers for prices in a range of $ 12.99 to $ 14.99 .
This one goes to Amazon .
" In the end , it 's all about what the consumer will be willing to pay , and Amazon is leading in that battle , " said Molchanov .
Still , if the iPad really takes off like many tech analysts think it will , then Apple is in a position where it can charge higher prices .
" Apple is a brand that does n't discount , because when demand is high enough , you do n't need to cut prices , " said Nancy Koehn , Harvard Business School historian and author of The Story of American Business : From the Pages of the New York Times .
" Apple can price e-books higher than Amazon , and they 'll get people to buy them . "
Connectivity
Surprisingly , this one is all Kindle .
Apple will unveil two different kinds of iPads : One with Wi -Fi capabilities and another with Wi-Fi and an ability to connect to AT&T's ( T , Fortune 500 ) 3G network .
The lowest - priced iPad with 3G goes for $ 629 with a $ 14.99 per-month connection plan for 250 MB or a $ 29.99 per-month rate for unlimited data access .
Amazon 's Kindle offers 3G access via the AT&T network for free .
It 's all built - in and ready to go as soon as you turn it on .
" The out - of - the - box experience of the Kindle is unparalleled , " said Wertheimer .
" The average user does n't have to think about the network , username , or the authentication process . "
Strong advantage : Kindle .
Function over price
The ultimate question .
If you 're just looking to read books , magazines , newspapers , etc. , then the Kindle has a leg up .
But is the Kindle still worth $ 259 now that you know you can get an iPad for $ 499 ?
Most analysts say , " Probably not . "
As a result , experts widely predict that the iPad 's cost will force Amazon 's hand , and the online retailer will slash the Kindle 's price very soon .
By how much is up for debate .
According to a recent Yankee Group study , the " sweet spot " for e-readers is $ 150 , at which point the market for Kindles , Nooks and Readers will soar .
Molchanov , the author of the study , said he expected e-reader prices to drop 15 % per year before the iPad was released , but he now expects a much more significant price drop this year .
Apple and Amazon appear headed on a collision course .
But the fact is that these two devices are very different -- one is optimized for reading , and the other is optimized for mobile entertainment .
If the Kindle 's price takes a significant enough dive , both devices may be able to coexist .
" If Amazon is going to play the cost - cutting game , there is plenty of room for consumers to pick up both of these devices , " said Koehn .
Now that is scary !
Marilyn Manson goes make - up free on night out with girlfriend
He 's known for his controversial performances and dramatic Goth make - up .
But hellraiser Marilyn Manson looked almost unrecognisable as he went on a night out with his girlfriend , minus his face paint .
The American rocker , 40 , dressed completely in black as he and partner Evan Rachel Wood , 22 , paid a visit to Le Zenith concert halls in Paris yesterday .
Marilyn Manson looked almost unrecognisable when he stepped out in Paris yesterday with no make - up while ( left ) the rocker is painted up to the max
They looked relaxed as they left the venue and the only make - up Manson had on was a smudge of black eye liner .
But there was not a hint of his dramatic white - painted face and dark red lips .
Manson has just settled a lawsuit filed against him by one of his former Spooky Kids band members .
But in a new twist in the case , the agreement has been delayed by an argument over legal fees .
He was joined by girlfriend Evan Rachel Wood and the pair paid a visit to Le Zenith concert halls in the French capital
Legal row : Manson 's former bandmate Stephen Bier
Manson 's ex-keyboardist Stephen Bier , formerly known by his stage name Madonna Wayne Gacy and sometimes referred to as Pogo , filed a breach of contract lawsuit in Los Angeles against the rocker in 2007 .
He claimed Manson used money from their former band partnership to buy personal luxuries , such as ex-wife Dita Von Teese 's $ 150,000 engagement ring and Nazi paraphernalia .
A settlement was reached on December 11 , but the agreement hit an obstacle when law firm Grodsky & Olecki , also a defendant in the suit , filed a lien for unpaid legal fees from 2007 when they successfully persuaded a judge to drop all of Bier 's claims .
According to Southern California Public Radio , the firm wants to be paid from the settlement money .
Their lien now puts a complete resolution of the case on hold .
Meanwhile , Manson took to his MySpace account to rant about the matter , saying : ' I want to make clear that , aside from the wasted legal fees , in no way did I pay off the person that stood behind a keyboard pretending to play music other artists in this band wrote . '
WASHINGTON / NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Ticketmaster Entertainment and the world ’s largest concert promoter , Live Nation , completed their merger on Monday after agreeing with U.S. antitrust officials to divest some assets .
The new Live Nation Entertainment will own more than 140 concert venues globally , sell around 140 million tickets a year and promote 22,000 concerts annually .
The U.S. Justice Department required Ticketmaster to license its primary ticketing software to a competitor , sell off one ticketing unit , and agree to be barred from retaliating against venue owners who use a competing ticket service .
The combination had attracted opposition from artists , fans , competitors and some lawmakers , concerned the new company could dictate the terms for major events .
Some antitrust experts had predicted the government might go to court to try to block the deal .
“ I was prepared to litigate at any and all points , until a settlement was achieved that efficiently dealt with all our anti-competitive concerns , ” Christine Varney , head of the Justice Department ’s Antitrust Division , told reporters on Monday .
Varney said she expected to see ticket prices decline as a result of the settlement .
Investors welcomed the settlement , sending shares of Live Nation up 14.7 percent to close at $ 10.51 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Ticketmaster shares rose 15.8 percent to finish at 15.40 in regular trading on Nasdaq .
At those prices the all - stock deal would be worth $ 835 million .
The new company will trade under the “ LYV ” symbol on the NYSE .
“ The conditions seem to be relatively benign , ” said Tuna Amobi , equity analyst at Standard & Poor’s .
“ There are no major divestitures required .
I do n’t know that is going to create the kind of even , competitive field that was intended . ”
MERGER TEST
Live Nation and Ticketmaster had made some forays into each other ’s turf , giving the combination elements of both a vertical and horizontal merger .
Ticketmaster also owns Front Line Management , the leading artist management firm founded by Ticketmaster Chief Executive Officer Irving Azoff .
Its roster of 200 - plus artists includes The Eagles and Miley Cyrus .
Live Nation owns major venues like the Gibson Amphitheatre in Los Angeles and the House of Blues chain , and has long - term contracts with top artists like Madonna , U2 , Jay - Z and Nickelback .
Although a relatively small combination in U.S. business terms , some had come to view the deal as a test case for the Obama administration ’s pledge to get tough on mergers .
“ I will be keeping a very close eye on this settlement as we go forward , ” Varney said .
“ You can probably expect to see three competitors and generally when you see robust competition you see prices coming down . ”
The agreement will last for ten years .
Seventeen states joined in the settlement and Canada has a parallel pact imposing similar conditions on the deal .
TicketDisaster.org , a coalition of competitors and others that had opposed the merger , said monitoring of the new company would be crucial .
“ It all comes down to whether ( the Justice Department ) will indeed be the watchdog they claim they will be , ” said Seth Hurwitz , chairman of I.M.P. , which owns the 9:30 Club , and operates the Merriweather Post Pavilion , both in the Washington D.C. area .
Ticketmaster will be required to license its primary ticketing software to Anschutz Entertainment Group ( AEG ) , the second - largest concert promoter and operator of major venues .
Within five years , AEG can either buy the software , create its own or partner with another competitor .
Additionally , Ticketmaster will also have to sell its Paciolan Inc ticketing unit .
It already has a letter of intent from Comcast Corp ’s Comcast Spectacor , a sports and entertainment company .
Paciolan could be sold to another buyer that the Justice Department finds suitable , the agency said .
Under the merger terms , Ticketmaster shareholders would receive 1.384 shares of Live Nation common stock for each share of Ticketmaster .
Live Nation would own 49.99 percent of the combined company , while Ticketmaster would hold the remaining 50.01 percent .
Of the three home platforms , PlayStation 3 had arguably the strongest lineup of exclusive games this year .
There were massive blockbuster titles like *
Uncharted 2 * , inFamous and Killzone 2 .
But there was also an explosion of indie downloadable games like Flower and Noby Noby Boy that are sure to become cult classics .
As you might imagine , it was tougher to whittle down the list to just five titles , but Wired.com 's team of writers manned up and did it .
Here are our top five PlayStation 3 games for 2009 .
( ProTip : Also see Wired.com 's Best Multi-Platform Games of 2009 . )
5. Noby Noby Boy
This ai n't no* Katamari* .
For his latest experimental game design , about a weird creature that can stretch himself out to ridiculous lengths , Keita Takahashi threw away the time limits and rigid goals of his breakout hit .
The result is a true sandbox game , based more on open - ended play .
It 's also one of the strangest , loveliest , most disarming games of the year .
What 's the point of Noby Noby Boy ?
That 's all on you .
– Gus Mastrapa
4. Flower
This beautiful , dream - like game sets itself apart from the darkness and violence of most games .
And it actually uses the PlayStation 3's motion controls ( remember those ? ) .
Tilt the controller to gather flower petals and bring color back to a dreary landscape and a sinister - looking city .
Flower is great fun and relaxing , too , thanks to the lack of any possibility of failure .
Even the closing credits are pretty .
– Daniel Feit
3. Demon's Souls
At first glance , this role - playing game looks simple , shallow and quite difficult .
Those first impressions are correct .
And it is precisely those traits that make Demon 's Souls such a refreshing online - enabled RPG .
Subtly connecting players to each other without puncturing the powerful tension and solitude , this sleeper hit dials everything back except the drama .
– Gus Mastrapa
2. PixelJunk Shooter
The PixelJunk games have all been simple to learn and highly addictive , but that fun factor has always been offset by a steep difficulty curve .
PixelJunk Shooter takes all of those good qualities and omits the frustration , making this the most accessible game in the series .
Even if you can complete the story mode in a few hours , the puzzle - like stages and hidden treasure will keep you coming back for more .
– Daniel Feit
1. Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves
Are n't you glad that Naughty Dog gave up on * Jak* ?
The continuing story of treasure hunter Nathan Drake cranks the cinematic , non -stop action up several notches .
In addition to its engaging story and likeable characters , Uncharted 2's finely polished gameplay and surprisingly fun multiplayer makes us remember why we bought a PS3 in the first place .
– Tracey John
See Also :
Plus , Old Fitzgerald 14 year old rolls out , Rabbit Hole debuts a barrel - proof rye , and another Kilchoman USA - exclusive peaty single malt is on its way .
One of the more controversial financial regulation proposals out there would be a tax on securities trading .
The intent with such a tax would be to curb speculative trading and provide Uncle Sam with more revenue .
But according to a Bloomberg article from yesterday , such a tax could drastically harm liquidity .
It could kill up to 90 % of trading volume .
If that 's true , then this tax would clearly do more harm than good .
The bill , sponsored by Rep. Peter DeFazio ( D - OR ) , would do the following , according to Interactive Brokers Group Inc. Chief Executive Officer Thomas Peterffy :
DeFazio's proposal would put a tax of 0.25 percent on stock transactions and 0.02 percent on derivatives including futures , options , swaps and credit - default swaps .
A transaction of 200 shares at $ 40 each would result in a $ 20 tax , compared with a commission of $ 1 for active traders at Interactive Brokers , Peterffy said .
That sounds like a pretty severe tax to me .
Here 's what he sees as the outcome :
" The mother of all creators of havoc on Wall Street is this looming transaction tax , " said Peterffy , who is also president of the brokerage and automated market - making company , in an interview yesterday .
Interactive Brokers is based in Greenwich , Connecticut .
" Trading volumes would plunge by about 90 percent , markets would become illiquid and tens of thousands of people would lose their jobs . "
Sending a fee to the government for every transaction would hurt asset managers , brokerages and so - called high - frequency traders , a group that accounts for 61 percent of volume , according to New York - based research firm Tabb Group LLC .
Interactive Brokers handles about one - seventh of U.S. options that change hands .
The bill 's sponsors have " no understanding whatsoever " about its likely effect , Peterffy said .
I think that last line is probably true .
I went ahead and looked up the bill to see if Peterffy 's interpretation was accurate .
It 's hard to tell .
The way I read the bill , the tax rate would depend on how much the U.S. government needs in order to recoup the TARP bailout money and Federal Reserve assistance .
That still , however , seems like an awfully large tax to impose on trading .
So even if Peterffy 's calculation is n't exactly right , I do agree that it would have a very significant effect on liquidity .
And that 's probably not wise .
Liquidity is a good thing .
I understand that speculation is looked at very negatively , but speculation is precisely what creates market liquidity .
That 's particularly true in the derivatives market .
There is often a fine line between a thoughtful investment decision and a speculative bet .
After all , even the most thoughtful investment decisions could go awry .
It 's impossible to know what the future holds , so all investments have a speculative nature , though some more than others .
So the government faces the question of whether it can stomach the harm this tax could do .
If it really wiped out anything near 90 % of the trading volume , then mass layoffs across Wall Street would certainly follow .
I know everybody hates bankers and traders these days , but is Washington really prepared to unleash thousands of more jobless Americans on the economy to curb some speculative trades ?
That 's all it would really accomplish , as the tax revenue would end up being far lower than expectations , since it would deter trading so greatly .
Luckily , I would be quite surprised if this tax actually ended up getting through Congress .
The idea of passing a bill with the expressed purpose of harming market liquidity shortly after a credit crunch is pretty clearly misguided .
If the government wants to recover its bailout money , there are surely safer ways to do so that wo n't bring securities trading to a grinding halt .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
m Give , a non-profit organization working with Red Cross to collect donations via text message , has announced that they have collected over $ 4 million for Haitian relief .
Jenifer Snyder , mGive 's executive director , said that donations are coming in at the rate of $ 200,000 an hour , though they have capacity to take on more .
By way of comparison , Red Cross collected only $ 400,000 in mobile donations after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
Advertisement
To donate in increments of $ 10 , text the word " Haiti " to the number 90999 , or visit the Red Cross site for more information .
[ PhysOrg ]
The proposed anti-homosexuality legislation in Uganda has created tension between American Christians who have condemned the legislation and Ugandan Christians who do n't want to see homosexuality become an acceptable practice .
Several American pastors and leaders have condemned legislation in Uganda that , if passed in its proposed version , would punish homosexual acts between adults — including touching " with the intent of committing the act of homosexuality " — with life imprisonment .
The punishment for " serial offenders , " homosexual sex with minors or the disabled , or homosexual sex while being HIV - positive , is death .
Rt. Rev. Dr. David Zac Niringiye , assistant bishop of Kampala in the Church of Uganda , says that American Christians should not make such public pronouncements on the bill .
" The international community is behaving like they can't trust Ugandans to come up with a law that is fair .
No !
No !
That is not fair ! " he told Christianity Today .
" When the Western governments or Western ...
1
CSS Shorthand Clockwise Rule
Tuesday , January 26 , 2010 { 25 Comments }
Responses to “ CSS Shorthand Clockwise Rule ”
When I started with CSS one of the most confusing thing was the shorthand rule .
For example : margin - top : 1 px ; margin - right :1 px ; margin - bottom : 1 px ; margin - left:1 px ; Also can beWhich is which ?
If I remember correctly I watched some videos on Lynda.com for CSS , that I heard about the Clockwise Rule end everything was much more clear .
I know that many of you are familiar with this rule but also many others are starting with CSS so I hope this can be helpful .
I design this clock only thing to do isWe have 4 parameters itor top - margin and goes clockwise 3 o'clock or right margin , 6 o'clock bottom margin and 9 o'clock left margin .
With 3 parameters : With 2 parameters : With 1 parameter : Did I mentioned that you can do the same thing withThat is it .
P.S
If you are beginning with CSS you can also find this article useful : CSS Specificity - Cheat Sheet
This morning at the American Economic Association ( AEA ) meeting in Atlanta , I was on a panel , “ Global Financial Crises : Past , Present , and Future , ” with Allen Sinai ( the organizer ) , Mike Intriligator , and Joe Stiglitz .
The Wall Street Journal ’s RealTime ran a summary of my main points : growth in 2010 may be faster or slower – depending on how lucky we get - but , either way , the most serious problem we face is that 6 banks in the U.S. are now undeniably ( in their own minds ) Too Big To Fail .
Reckless and mismanaged risk - taking is the sure outcome .
But do n’t take my word for it – read Larry Summers ’s 2000 Ely Lecture to the AEA .
The best line is on p.13 , “ [ I ]t is certain that a healthy financial system cannot be built on the expectation of bailouts ” ( American Economic Review , vol. 90 , no. 2 ; access through your library ) .
A number of participants asked for a copy of my slides – please use this version ( in addition there was some other material that will appear shortly in 13 Bankers , so we ’re not putting it on the web yet ) .
By Simon Johnson
A new Cornell study of online poker seems counterintuitive :
The more hands players win , the less money they 're likely to collect -- especially when it comes to novice players .
The likely reason , said Cornell sociology doctoral student Kyle Siler , whose study analyzed 27 million online poker hands , is that the multiple wins are likely for small stakes , and the more you play , the more likely you will eventually be walloped by occasional -- but significant -- losses .
This finding , Siler said , " coincides with observations in behavioral economics that people overweigh their frequent small gains vis -à - vis occasional large losses , and vice versa . "
In other words , players feel positively reinforced by their streak of wins but have difficulty fully understanding how their occasional large losses offset their gains .
The study , which was published online in December in the Journal of Gambling Studies and will be published in a forthcoming print edition later this year , also found that for small - stakes players , small pairs ( from twos to sevens ) were actually more valuable than medium pairs ( eights through jacks ) .
" This is because small pairs have a less ambiguous value , and medium pairs are better hands but have more ambiguous values that small - stakes players apparently have trouble understanding , " said Siler , a long - time poker player himself .
Siler used the software PokerTracker to upload and analyze small - stakes , medium - stakes and high - stakes hands of No - Limit Texas Hold 'em with six seats at the table .
The game has simple rules and " any single hand can involve players risking their entire stack of chips , " Siler said .
The research not only examined the " strategic demography " of poker at different levels of stakes and the various payoffs associated with different strategies at varying levels of play , but also " speaks to how humans handle risk and uncertainty , " said Siler , whose look at online poker combines aspects of behavioral economics , economic sociology and social science theory .
" Riskiness may be profitable , especially in higher - stakes games , but it also increases the variance and uncertainty in payoffs .
Living one 's life , calibrating multiple strategies and managing a bankroll is particularly challenging when enduring wild and erratic swings in short - term luck and results . "
In online poker , a multibillion dollar industry , Siler concluded that the biggest opponent for many players may be themselves , " given the challenges of optimizing one 's mindset and strategies , both in the card game and the meta - games of psychology , rationality and socio- economic arbitrage which hover beneath it , " he said .
The burlesque dancer who dressed up as John Howard at Bob Hawke 's birthday party last night says her act was a perfect reflection of the " kinky , full of life " former Labor PM and his wife .
Mr Hawke's wife Blanche d'Alpuget spent weeks planning for dancer Gypsy Wood to jump out of a birthday cake dressed as John Howard and do a strip tease , as a surprise at Mr Hawke 's 80th birthday bash .
Gypsy says the birthday boy got a total kick out of it .
" He loved it , absolutely loved it .
Bob 's a lot of fun and can take a joke , " she told ABC News Online .
" I did n't just dress up as John Howard , I also burst out of a Labor ballot box and did a traditional strip tease .
" It 's good because I 'm not doing anything more explicit than a Kylie Minogue film clip on TV on Saturday morning .
It 's a beautiful form of entertainment that has survived many years .
" I think Bob is a real fan of that so it 's a celebration of nostalgia .
" He 's a silver fox .
They 're a great couple , I really enjoyed meeting them and working with Blanche over the past couple of weeks leading up to the performance and I 'm really inspired by how kinky and intelligent and full of life they are .
" I think it 's just fantastic of Blanche to be a rule - breaker and be rebellious and she 's a very intelligent and sexy woman .
Being politically informed and politically aware is also very sexy . "
And according to Gypsy , Mr Hawke was n't the only Labor figure getting into the spirit .
" As I looked into the room , the most positive energy that I was getting was from Bob and Blanche and Kevin Rudd , " she said .
" Kevin Rudd was just absolutely cheering me on , enjoying it , laughing - he got all the jokes .
" When I performed as John Howard I came out to God Save the Queen because John was n't really a fan of a republic and gushed over the Queen every chance he got .
" Then I performed and danced around sadly to Sorry Seems to Be the Hardest Word by Elton John .
" Then I did a strip tease which is my comment on how politicians are very similar to strippers and I just think strip tease and politics go together like icing on cake . "
Mr Howard told media today there 's no skin off his nose over the skit .
" I was certainly not offended .
It was very gracious of Bob to invite me to his party , and I 'm glad to know that after two years I still bug the Labor Party , " he said .
Gypsy echoed that sentiment .
" In a way it 's a tribute to him .
He should be impressed that someone wants to dress up as him and dance around in a bikini , " she said .
Gypsy says it was n't the first time she 's danced for Mr Rudd either , but last time he did n't quite get into the swing of things .
" I did strip for Kevin Rudd in the Chaser but he was n't really excited about it that day - he ran away from us , " she said .
Mr Rudd arrived late for his speech at the broadband forum in Sydney today , saying he hoped the affair would be more sedate than last night 's bash .
" Which was uniquely accompanied by what can only be described as a performance of the burlesque and a bikini - clad John Howard impersonator , " he joked .
Gypsy says last night was all in good fun and there will be no scandalous stories threatening to come out of the woodwork later down the track .
" No scandal , I just think that they have a good marriage , " she said .
" You can tell when a couple is in love and I certainly think that Blanche knows how to look after her husband .
It 's nice to see a couple at the age still enjoying life so much . "
" The whole experience has made me really inspired a lot more in the Labor Party in general .
I would have voted for Bob Hawke had I been old enough . "
OGRE 1.7.0 RC1 [ Cthugha ] Released !
We said we ’d try to get this out before the end of the year , and with only hours to spare we just about made it !
OGRE 1.7 has been under development for over a year now , and the time has come to draw a line under it and get it shipped as a brand new stable version .
Unlike the maintenance releases we ’ve been issuing regularly for 1.6 , this release includes a huge number of new features and enhancements , of which the headliners are listed after the jump .
Edit : I forgot to mention that this release makes official our transition to the MIT License – we ’ve been using it in Subversion for a while so it slipped my mind that this is the first ‘ official ’ release under that license .
So that ’s news !
As usual , plenty of people have been testing it direct from Subversion for a while now , but even so we ’re issuing it as a Release Candidate to begin with .
Due to time constraints , we ’re also only issuing this as a source release for the moment – prebuilt SDKs will follow in a second Release Candidate or the final .
For those of you using Subversion , the new path for Ogre 1.7 is now https://svn.ogre3d.org/svnroot/ogre/branches/v1-7.
Otherwise , you can find the new release on the source downloads page .
Happy New Year !
Here are some of the main new features and enhancements you ’ll find in OGRE 1.7 :
The president of the UN climate change conference in Copenhagen , Connie Hedegaard , resigned this morning .
She is to be replaced by the Danish premier .
" With so many heads of state and government having arrived it 's appropriate that the prime minister of Denmark presides , " Hedegaard told the 192 - nation meeting .
" However , the prime minister has appointed me as his special representative and I will thus continue to negotiate the ... outcome with my colleagues , " she said .
Rumours circulating in the first week of the 14 - day conference suggested that Hedegaard was unhappy with the contents of the so - called " Danish text " a secret negotiating text prepared by rich countries and leaked to the Guardian .
It was rumoured that the prime minister , Lars Løkke Rasmussen , would take over to push through that text in the final stages of negotiations .
Hedegaard , who is the Danish climate and energy minister , said the move was merely procedural , and that it was more appropriate for Rasmussen to preside over the final stages of the talks when over 100 heads of state and government will be present .
Separately , Hedegaard has been criticised by African nations for favouring rich nations in the negotiations .
" Approximately 115 heads of state and government have decided to participate in COP15 at summit level to close a deal in Copenhagen .
This historical will to address the climate challenge is the strongest possible driver for a global agreement , " said Rasmussen .
" The final negotiations will be tense and strenuous .
I have therefore asked minister Connie Hedegaard to continue to negotiate the Copenhagen outcome with her colleagues . "
The developments followed a dramatic night during which ministerial negotiations carried on till 5 am .
US diplomats inserted brackets at numerous places in the negotiating text for the main strand of the negotiations that includes all countries - the long term action plan .
This effectively blocked discussions on this negotiating track .
Some observers believe the US wanted to counter moves by developing countries to add their concerns to the text , effectively ensuring that discussions would have to be continued next year .
Another interpretation of the move was that it was a clever way to allow President Obama to come to the negotiations on Friday to " save the talks " by putting back in much of what had been removed .
" [ Today 's developments ] shows that you cannot have a political statement coming out of the two draft texts that have been presented .
Any new draft now will come from outside , " said one diplomat .
" All we can expect now is a bland political statement , and the possibility of the two draft texts going forward to be negotiated next year , " said another .
A spokesperson for the British prime minister , Gordon Brown , said that Hedegaard stepping down was not a surprise and had always been planned .
He confirmed that Brown , Rasmussen and the Australian prime minister , Kevin Rudd , had discussed the resignation during a three - hour meeting last night .
The three had decided that Rasmussen taking over was the right thing to do to " ramp up " the urgency of the talks for the final three days .
A Department of Energy and Climate Change spokesman said : " This is a planned procedural handover to the Danish prime minister ahead at the start of the high level segment .
Prime minister Rasmussen has been closely engaged in this process talking to fellow leaders over the past few months , and he will now be taking the negotiations through to the end game .
Connie will remain as prime minister Rasmussen 's special representative . "
Doctors without borders : why you can't trust medical journals anymore .
Page / Link : Page URL : Page URL : HTML link : < a href= " https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Doctors+without+borders%3a+why+you+can%27t+trust+medical+journals+anymore.-a0115903006</a>
HTML link : Citations : MLA style : " Doctors without borders : why you can't trust medical journals anymore . . "
The Free Library .
2004 Washington Monthly Company 30 Sep. 2020 " Doctors without borders : why you can't trust medical journals anymore .. " .
2004 Washington Monthly Company 30 Sep. 2020 https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Doctors+without+borders%3a+why+you+can%27t+trust+medical+journals+anymore.-a0115903006
Chicago style : The Free Library .
S.v. Doctors without borders : why you can't trust medical journals anymore .. "
Retrieved Sep 30 2020 from The Free Library .
S.v. Doctors without borders : why you can't trust medical journals anymore .. "
Retrieved Sep 30 2020 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Doctors+without+borders%3a+why+you+can%27t+trust+medical+journals+anymore.-a0115903006
APA style : Doctors without borders : why you can't trust medical journals anymore .. ( n.d. ) > The Free Library . ( 2014 ) .
Retrieved Sep 30 2020 from Doctors without borders : why you can't trust medical journals anymore .. ( n.d. ) > The Free Library . ( 2014 ) .
Retrieved Sep 30 2020 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Doctors+without+borders%3a+why+you+can%27t+trust+medical+journals+anymore.-a0115903006
With financial ties to nearly two dozen drug and biotech companies , Dr. Charles B. Nemeroff may hold some sort of record among academic clinicians for the most conflicts of interest .
A psychiatrist , a prominent researcher , and chairman of the department of psychiatry and behavioral science at Emory University in Atlanta , Nemeroff receives funding for his academic research from Eli Lilly , AstraZeneca , Pfizer , Wyeth - Ayerst -- indeed from virtually every pharmaceutical house that manufactures a drug to treat mental illness .
He also serves as a consultant to drug and biotech companies , owns their stocks , and is a member of several speakers ' bureaus , delivering talks -- for a fee - - to other physicians on behalf of the companies ' products .
But it was just three of Nemeroff 's many financial entanglements that caught the eye of Dr. Bernard J. Carroll last spring while reading a paper by the Emory doctor in the prominent scientific journal , Nature Neuroscience .
In that article , Nemeroff and a co-author reviewed roughly two dozen experimental treatments for psychiatric disorders , opining that some of the new treatments were disappointing , while others showed great promise in relieving symptoms .
What struck Carroll , a psychiatrist in Carmel , Calif. , was that three of the experimental treatments praised in the article were ones that Nemeroff stood to profit from -- including a transdermal patch for the drug lithium , for which Nemeroff holds the patent .
Carroll and a colleague , Dr. Robert T. Rubin , wrote to the editor of Nature Neuroscience , which is just one of a family of journals owned by the British firm , Nature Publishing Group , pointing out the journal 's failure to disclose Nemeroff 's interests in the products he praised .
They asked the editor to publish their letter , so that readers could decide for themselves whether or not the author 's financial relationships might have tainted his opinion .
After waiting five months for their letter to appear , the doctors went to The New York Times with their story - - a move that sparked a furor in academic circles , and offered the public yet another glimpse into conflict of interest , one of the most contentious and bitter debates in medicine .
In his defense , Nemeroff told the Times he would have been happy to list his ( many ) relationships with private industry -- if only the journal had asked .
" If there is a fault here , " he said , " it is with the journal 's policy , " which did not require authors of review articles to disclose their conflicts of interest .
And that is pretty much where the debate over conflict of interest in medical journals stands :
Should research scientists who have financial stakes in the products they are writing about be forced to disclose those ties ?
To which the average person might reasonably respond , of course they should .
But the more pertinent question is why scientists with financial stakes in the outcome of scientific studies are allowed anywhere near those studies , much less reviewing them in elite journals .
The answer to that question is at once both predictable and shocking :
For the past two decades , medical research has been quietly corrupted by cash from private industry .
Most doctors and academic researchers are n't corrupt in the sense of intending to defraud the public or harm patients , but rather , more insidiously , guilty of allowing the pharmaceutical and biotech industries to manipulate medical science through financial relationships , in effect tainting the system that is supposed to further the understanding of disease and protect patients from ineffective or dangerous drugs .
More than 60 percent of clinical studies -- those involving human subjects -- are now funded not by the federal government , but by the pharmaceutical and biotech industries .
That means that the studies published in scientific journals like Nature and The New England Journal of Medicine -- those critical reference points for thousands of clinicians deciding what drugs to prescribe patients , as well as for individuals trying to educate themselves about conditions and science reporters from the popular media who will publicize the findings -- are increasingly likely to be designed , controlled , and sometimes even ghost - written by marketing departments , rather than academic scientists .
Companies routinely delay or prevent the publication of data that show their drugs are ineffective .
The majority of studies that found such popular antidepressants as Prozac and Zoloft to be no better than placebos , for instance , never saw print in medical journals , a fact that is coming to light only now that the Food and Drug Administration has launched a reexamination of those drugs .
Today , private industry has unprecedented leverage to dictate what doctors and patients know -- and do n't know -- about the $ 160 billion worth of pharmaceuticals Americans consume each year .
This is an unsettling charge that many ( if not a majority ) of doctors and academic researchers do n't want to acknowledge .
Once grasped , however , the full scope and consequences of medical conflict of interest beget grave doubts about the veracity of wide swaths of medical science .
As Dr. Drummond Rennie , deputy editor of The Journal of the American Medical Association ( JAMA ) , puts it , " This is all about bypassing science .
Medicine is becoming a sort of Cloud Cuckoo Land , where doctors do n't know what papers they can trust in the journals , and the public does n't know what to believe .
" Clinical trial and errorHow did we get to this point ?
What effect is industry influence having on the treatment of patients ?
And why are the medical journals not more vigilant to weed out papers that have been distorted by conflict of interest ?
The answers to these questions begin , oddly enough , with an amendment to U.S. patent law called the Bayh - Dole Act.
Passed in 1980 , Bayh - Dole for the first time permitted universities to commercialize products and inventions without losing their federal research funding , the seed money for innovative research .
The brainchild of George Keyworth II , President Reagan 's science advisor , who was watching the United States get beaten in world markets by the Japanese , Bayh - Dole was intended to stimulate advanced technological invention and speed its transfer from university labs into private industry , where it could be put to work spurring U.S. productivity .
It seemed like a win-win proposition .
Indeed , Bayh - Dole has helped launch the biotech industry and has propelled several life - saving products to market .
The basic research behind Gleevec , for instance , an incredibly effective new anti-cancer drug , was done by a university scientist .
The drug 's manufacturer , Novartis , stepped in and provided additional funding for development .
In 1984 , private companies contributed a mere $ 26 million to university research budgets .
By 2000 , they were ponying up $ 2.3 billion , an increase of 900 percent that provided much needed funds to universities at a time when the cost of doing medical research was skyrocketing .
That 's the upside .
The downside is that Bayh - Dole has also fostered increasingly cozy relationships between the academics upon whom the nation depends for unbiased medical information and Big Pharma , private companies whose main goal , let 's face it , is making a profit .
And we 're talking serious money here .
In addition to the salaries built into company - sponsored research grants , academic clinicians at medical schools can pad their already decent incomes with $ 1,000 - a- day consulting contracts with pharmaceutical companies , patent royalties , licensing fees , and big - payoff stock options .
Nemeroff stood to reap as much as $ 1 million in stock from a company that manufactured one of the products in his Nature Neuroscience paper .
At many of the top research universities and medical schools around the country , a substantial percentage of the faculty enjoys the perks of industry relationships .
At MIT , 31 percent of the science and engineering faculty has outside income ; at Stanford Medical School , it 's 20 percent .
What 's in it for the pharmaceutical companies ?
Simple economics .
It 's Marketing 101 .
By penetrating the wall that once existed around academic researchers , drug companies have gained access to the " thought leaders " in medicine , the big names whose good opinion of an idea or a product carries enormous weight with other physicians .
Companies target academic KOLs , or Key Opinion Leaders , in the lexicon of marketing , and woo them with invitations to sit on scientific advisory committees , or to serve as members of speakers ' bureaus , which offer hefty fees for lending their prestige to a company and touting its products at scientific meetings and continuing medical education conferences .
Of course , KOLs must be convinced of their own impartiality , says Carl Elliott , a moral philosopher at the University of Minnesota and author of Better Than Well ; American Medicine Meets the American Dream .
" If they understood that they were being used as industry mouthpieces , they would probably pull the plug on the whole enterprise . "
Drug companies encourage their KOLs to consult for multiple companies so the appearance of objectivity can be maintained .
But the drug industry 's most powerful means of boosting the bottom line is funding research , which allows companies to control , or at least influence , a great deal of what gets published in the medical journals , effectively turning supposedly objective science into a marketing tool .
" These are not benign people who are interested in helping people with their new wonder drugs , " says Drummond Rennie .
" The drug companies are run by hard - nosed marketers , not by the physicians and the scientists .
They use what works , and money works . "
Rennie , who has a thatch of unkempt white hair and remnants of the accent of his native Leeds , England , got a clear picture of the extent to which drug companies will go to control the results of studies they fund in 1993 , when a colleague at University of California San Francisco tried to publish a paper in JAMA in 1993 on the metabolic activity of four different forms of thyroid hormone .
Betty J. Dong , a pharmacologist , had been contracted in 1987 by Flint Laboratories to run a clinical trial comparing Synthroid , Flint 's synthetic version of thyroid hormone , to that of three competing formulations .
At the time , Synthroid was the market leader and the most expensive drug in its class .
Dong and Flint signed a lengthy agreement detailing the design of the study , and both sides fully expected the results would show that Synthroid was superior .
But all four drugs turned out to be essentially equivalent .
In 1990 , as Dong prepared a paper for JAMA , the company that was at first so eager to solicit her help , launched a vigorous campaign to discredit the study .
Flint then rushed its own paper into press at a less prestigious journal , concluding -- surprise !-- that Synthroid was superior .
After numerous attempts to address the company 's criticisms , Dong finally submitted her paper to JAMA , only to withdraw it three months later when the firm threatened to sue for breach of contract .
It took the FDA and U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to get the company to back down .
Dong 's paper did not see print in JAMA until 1997 .
In this case , it might seem as if the only real harm to the public during the seven years that elapsed from the time Dong completed her study to its publication was higher prices to patients and insurers .
To Rennie 's way of thinking , the Dong imbroglio and others like it have a more insidious effect by sending a chilling message to scientists , namely , do n't bite the hand that feeds you .
In a recent survey of clinical researchers , nearly 20 percent of respondents admitted to delaying publication of their results by more than six months at least once in the last three years to allow for patent application , protect their scientific lead , or to slow the dissemination of results that would hurt sales of their sponsor 's product -- often without overt pressure from the company .
" If you 're getting a lot of money from a corporate sponsor , it 's easy to get the impression that you 'll get even more for future research if you do n't write up the negative results , " says Rennie -- and that your hinds will dry up if you do .
The bottom line is that articles appearing in medical journals contain a lot of happy talk about medical products .
At least eight studies have shown that industry - sponsored research that gets published tends to produce pro-industry conclusions , according to a review by Yale University researchers that appeared last year in the JAMA .
By reanalyzing data from eight separate studies of the effect of conflict of interest on 1,140 published scientific papers , the researchers found that papers based on industry - sponsored research are significantly more likely to reflect favorably on a sponsoring company 's drug or device than research that is supported by a nonprofit entity or the federal government .
How can this be ?
Is n't science , well , scientific , an objective search for the truth ?
That 's what many academic clinicians , especially those who are mixed up with corporate sponsors , would have the public believe .
A typical comment comes from Niels Reimers , an early promoter of industry - university ties , who told the Hartford Courant , " You may think I 'm a Pollyanna or something , but most people are honest .
It 's sort of the ethos of academic research . "
Here 's Dr. Irwin Goldstein , a Boston University urologist who has consulted for at least seven companies developing impotence therapies : " Science is science .
It comes down to the bottom line .
What the data shows , the data shows .
" Such statements reflect the ideal of science , not the reality , says Dr. Marcia Angell , former editor - in - chief of The New England Journal of Medicine .
Public protestations aside , she says , " Clinicians " know privately that results can be jiggered .
You can design studies to come out the way you want them to .
You can control what data you look at , control the analysis , and then shade your interpretation of the results . "
Even the most careful research can be fraught with murky results that require sifting and weighing , a measure of judgment that the researcher hopes will bring him closer to the truth .
Was this patient 's headache caused by the antibiotic you gave her , or does she have a history of migraines ?
Is that patient 's depression lifting because of the drug you are testing , or because a kindly doctor is actually listening to him ?
Sometimes there is n't much that journal editors can do to separate good science from that which has been weighed , sifted , and jiggered according to a corporate sponsor 's needs .
Increasing numbers of studies that get published are actually written by PR firms , " medical communications " specialists , who then go out and recruit an academic willing to put his name on the paper , for a fee .
Other studies simply omit data that detract from the sponsor 's message .
In September 2000 , for example , JAMA published a paper comparing the prescription painkiller Celebrex to over - the - counter ibuprofen .
The manufacturer of the prescription drug , known as a selective Cox - 2 inhibitor , launched the study in order to show that Cox - 2 inhibitors , a class that also includes the prescription drug Vioxx and was already worth $ 3.5 billion a year , cause fewer instances of bleeding in the stomach and intestine than either aspirin or ibuprofen .
The huge study , which looked at six months of data from more than 8,000 patients , produced unambiguous results :
There were fewer side effects among patients on the Cox - 2 drug .
A year later , news surfaced that patients had actually been followed for 12 - 15 months at the time the JAMA paper came out , not six , and that during the second half of the study , the group taking the Cox - 2 drug suffered higher rates of gastrointestinal side - effects than patients on the over - the - counter painkiller .
To make matters worse , patients on the Cox - 2 developed serious heart problems three times more often than those on ibuprofen .
The authors of the paper -- all of them either consultants to the manufacturer or employees -- defended their decision to report only the first , positive , half of their study , saying several patients who were n't taking the Cox - 2 drugs dropped out after six months , making the statistics more difficult to analyze .
But Dr. Catherine D. DeAngelis , JAMA 's editor - in- chief , told The Washington Post : " I am disheartened .
We are functioning on a level of trust that was , perhaps , broken .
" Disheartened ?
Not furious ?
No , because DeAngelis could not know for certain whether or not the authors held back half the data in order to make their sponsor 's drug look better -- no matter how likely that explanation may seem .
When researchers submit papers to a journal , the editor has little choice but to trust the authors have employed a ruthless skepticism when viewing their own results , that they have bent over backwards to minimize self - delusion .
Editors and peer reviewers can ferret out sloppy reasoning , look at how an author has designed and executed a study , and correct faulty statistics , but as Angell remarked , " We do n't put bamboo slivers under their nails .
If they wanted to lie , they could lie .
" Articles of faithDr. Arnold Relman began worrying about this problem way back in 1977 , when he became editor - in - chief of The New England Journal .
That year , Relman got a call from a reporter about a paper that was due to appear in the next issue , discussing serious side effects -- including lowering a man 's testosterone and sperm counts -- of a popular antacid .
The reporter wanted to know what Relman intended to do about the fact that Wall Street analysts had acquired early copies of the paper and now the stock of the company that made the drug was falling .
Relman , who began practicing medicine in the 1950s and calls himself a " relic , " says before that reporter 's call , it had never occurred to him that medical research could have financial consequences for industry .
But the more he thought about it , he told me recently , " the more I became convinced that the commercialization of medical practice and medical research , and the use of the information for commercial purposes , was a major threat to the integrity of the whole system . "
He recognized that medical researchers , being only human , would have trouble applying that ruthless skepticism that was so necessary to good science when there was money at stake .
The obvious solution to Relman and Angell , who was by then a deputy editor at The New England Journal of Medicine , was disclosure .
Forcing authors to tell the world they were taking industry money , the editors reasoned , would prompt a little soul - searching among researchers who might otherwise be inclined to turn a blind eye to negative results or shade conclusions in favor of a corporate sponsor .
It would put them on notice that readers would be watching .
The editors also figured that disclosure would help readers judge the validity of an author 's conclusions .
" They could evaluate the data for themselves , " Relman told me recently .
" But the discussion , the interpretation by the author can be slanted ... it was still important for readers to know when articles were sponsored by industry . "
JAMA , largely at Rennie 's urging , followed suit soon after .
Six years later , Relman upped the ante by barring researchers with conflicts of interest from writing editorials or review articles -- like the one penned in Nature Neuroscience by Charles Nemeroff -- because they carry great weight with doctors in private practice .
Angell explains their decision like this : " Imagine a judge who has before him a case involving two companies suing each other -- and he owns one of the companies .
And he says , ' Not to worry .
I 'm a judge and I learned how to evaluate things in a dispassionate way . '
He'd be laughed out of court . "
She and Relman argued that just as judges must recuse themselves from cases in which they have financial ties to a litigant , editorialists and review authors with conflicts of interest should refrain from offering medical opinions .
Angell was still defending that decision a decade later , as editor - in - chief at the Journal , when she wrote in 2000 that disclosure was not sufficient to preserve the integrity of the science that appeared in her journal 's pages :
" We believe that a policy of caveat emptor is not enough for readers who depend on the opinion of editorialists . "
Why was it necessary to defend the journal 's policies ?
Partly because authors were ignoring them .
In 1997 , when Sheldon Krimsky , a professor of public policy at Tufts University , surveyed 61,134 articles in some 181 journals , he found that only 0.5 percent disclosed a conflict of interest related to the topic of the article , an impossibly low number given the fact that a quarter of biomedical researchers at the time were receiving funding from industry .
The reason for this low rate of disclosure , as Krimsky notes dryly in his book , Science in the Private Interest , is that " author compliance is not especially high . " " Lots of eminent people took great offense at being accused of being influenced , " Relman told me recently .
" ' What an insulting thing to say .
I value my reputation ; doctors and scientists know best .
Trust us . '
I spent the first 25 years of my career doing clinical research and being one of them , and I know the feeling . "
As Harvey Lodish , professor of biology at MIT , huffed to Technology Review in 1984 , when Relman first required disclosure at the Journal , " Scientists have all kinds of private consulting arrangements with biotechnology companies and many own stock in these companies , but that 's nobody 's business .
It has nothing to do with the quality of their research . " " They actually believe that they are n't influenced , " says Angell .
Aside from the fact that it's not in physicians ' self - interest to acknowledge the effects of corporate money , they may have a hard time seeing the problem for the same reason fish do n't know they 're swimming in water : Doctors are surrounded by conflicts of interest almost from the moment they arrive at medical school .
Pharmaceutical companies begin wooing young doctors with small tokens at first , pens and coffee mugs emblazoned with drug logos , then escalating to pizza night for medical residents , dinners at expensive restaurants and tickets to sporting events .
Most schools offer a class in medical ethics , but there 's no requirement that they discuss conflict of interest .
Besides , a few lectures can't outweigh the message young doctors absorb every day , as they watch the icons in their profession -- their professors , visiting lecturers , heads of departments -- taking gifts , speaking on behalf of companies , flying first - class to medical meetings in Paris and Honolulu .
By the time medical residents enter private practice or the lab , the gifts from industry no longer seem like gifts , but entitlements just another way to be compensated for all those brutal , slogging years of lousy pay and long nights .
A journalist friend of mine recently told me about the day his then - girlfriend , who was a neurosurgeon , received a check for several hundred dollars in the mail , along with a note from a drug company representative .
It seemed his girlfriend had made favorable mention of a particular drug during a lecture she delivered a few days earlier , and the money was just a little thank you from the manufacturer .
When my friend told her she could not in good conscience cash the check -- that it was a conflict of interest -- she looked at him , he said , as if he were speaking in some unintelligible language .
This deafness to the power of money to corrupt medical science leads physicians and scientists to display an arrogance and a remarkable naivete , both of which were very much in evidence in a snippy editorial entitled , " Avoid Financial ' Correctness , ' " written in 1997 by the editors at Nature .
They derided disclosure as a waste of time , writing , " This journal will persist in its stubborn belief that the research as we publish it is indeed research , not business . "
The Nemeroff case has not changed the editors ' view substantially , although they did alter their policy after it broke .
Nature Publishing now requires editorial and review writers , along with the authors of original research papers , to inform readers whether or not they have conflicts of interest , or to say they decline to declare .
Charles Jennings , executive editor of Nature , says they have no intention of following the New England Journal in barring editorialists who have conflicts .
" I flatly disagree with that policy , " he told me .
" That would exclude many of the leading experts .
Yon do n't want a policy that prevents Thomas Edison from writing about the future of electricity .
Our position is for readers to decide for themselves about whether an author is biased .
" Of course , most readers , especially practicing physicians , do n't have the expertise or the resources to decide for themselves -- to know how the studies might have been constructed differently , whether the conclusions have been shaded to favor the author 's sponsor , or which data the author decided conveniently to leave out of the article .
Knowing that an author might be biased does n't aid in determining the extent and nature of the bias .
It 's not as though there will be two articles , one by a biased writer and one by an unbiased writer , published side by side to allow readers to identify the differences .
Besides , conflicts of interest are now so pervasive , says Rennie , many readers scarcely take note , even when they 're disclosed .
Race for the cure ?
It 's tempting to wonder what medical research would look like if universities and medical associations and editors of journals stopped talking about how to manage conflict of interest and started thinking about how to expunge it .
Just say no .
Proponents of Bayh - Dole will object , claiming the pace of medical advances will slow to a crawl , but bear with me for a moment and just imagine a different universe .
Let 's start with the medical schools -- those temples of higher learning .
They would be the first to cast out the drug merchants .
Hospitals would pay their medical residents a decent wage so they can afford to buy their own beer and pizza .
FDA advisory panelists who have a financial stake in the drug being considered would not be allowed to vote .
And if the journals stopped publishing papers and editorials penned by academic clinicians with conflicts of interest , authors would be forced to choose between taking scientific credit and taking the money .
Of course , that 's not going to happen unless academic clinicians somehow decide there 's something wrong with the status quo .
In Sheldon Krimsky 's view , the only way to deter conflict of interest is for academics to feel shame .
Maybe so , but as a journalist who has spent a decade and a half peering at medicine from the outside , nose pressed to the glass , I 'm struck more than anything by the apparent lack of shame among clinicians when it comes to this issue .
Here 's a little thought experiment .
Imagine that a medical journalist -- me , for instance -- makes a tidy sum writing press releases for , say Pfizer , the manufacturer of Viagra .
I do n't make a fortune , maybe just enough to cover a year 's tuition for my son 's private high school .
And let 's say for the sake of argument I also buy a few dozen Pfizer shares .
Then I turn around and write a story for The New York Times about several new drugs for treating erectile dysfunction .
What would you think , dear reader , should my financial relationship with the pharmaceutical company that makes one of the drugs featured in my story come to light ?
Would you have reason to doubt its objectivity and accuracy ?
Of course you would .
Not only that , I would be ashamed to show my face in any newsroom , and I would not be writing for the Times again .
I 'm not trying to claim that journalists are paragons of virtue , but we have no illusions about our ability to withstand temptation and avoid shading what we say when faced with a wad of cash .
Not so in medical research .
In that world , the author of a review article can have direct financial relationships with the manufacturers of drugs he is critiquing and still argue he has done nothing unsavory .
What that suggests is a sense of fiduciary responsibility is not built into the professional code of medicine , a doctor 's internal compass of right and wrong .
And of course there are also pecuniary reasons not to acknowledge the power of money .
The fact is , universities and doctors have become so dependent on industry largesse they can't even imagine disentangling themselves .
Repeal the Bayh - Dole Act ?
Not on your life .
Kick the drug representatives who wheel their little carts filled with sample packets of drugs out of your office ?
Who would pay for all those trips to medical meetings in exotic locales ?
Company lineAnd so they try to manage it .
About half of universities require that faculty disclose their conflicts of interest .
A scant 19 percent set limits on the outside financial interests faculty may hold .
Harvard University , long considered a paragon of scientific virtue , is now considering relaxing its rules governing industry collaborations .
Now that Angell is gone , even the once - starchy New England Journal has loosened its restrictions on editorialists and review writers , who are now free to enjoy some corporate largesse , just not too much .
" They think it 's possible to be virtuous and rich at the same time , to take money from companies and then manage it , " says Angell .
" They come up with rules that are so complicated in order to give the appearance of worrying about this , when what they are really worried about is the money might go away .
" All their managing does n't seem to be working , and we are the ones who will suffer the consequences .
In March 2000 , the FDA yanked a diabetes drug called Rezulin off the market after it had been linked to at least 90 cases of liver failure and 63 deaths .
The withdrawal came three years after the agency had approved the drug to great fanfare .
Articles in the popular media quoted diabetes experts who praised Rezulin , calling it " a truly novel approach , " and the manufacturer , Warner - Lambert , enjoyed a spectacular 144 percent rise in its stock price .
By the fall of 1997 , however , the FDA had already begun to receive reports of patients on Rezulin suffering liver failure , a side - effect that the agency 's advisory panel glossed over during its deliberations .
A paper published in the New England Journal also made scant reference to liver toxicity , saying the drug was " well tolerated , and most adverse events were considered to be related to the underlying diabetes . "
Several clinicians with ties to the company subsequently urged the FDA not to withdraw the drug , even as the body count was rising .
According to a Los Angeles Times investigation , at least 12 of 22 scientists who played a central role in the federally - funded study of Rezulin received research funding or other compensation from Warner Lambert , while four of the 12 voting members of the FDA advisory panel that approved Rezulin , and kept it on the market an extra 30 months , had financial ties to the company .
When industry has penetrated every level of medicine from the lab bench to the FDA advisory panels , from the pages of the medical journals to your doctor 's prescription pad , how are physicians to make decisions about treating their patients ?
How are they to know whether or not expensive calcium channel blockers are really better than over - the - counter diuretics for high blood pressure ?
( They 're not . )
Should you take a mildly depressed teenager to a psychotherapist , or put him on an antidepressant and risk sending him into a suicidal tailspin ?
Maybe a cholesterol - lowering statin drug will prevent this patient from suffering a heart attack , as the studies claim .
Then again , maybe it will simply cause her muscles to break down and destroy her kidneys , one of the drug 's side effects .
And what about us patients ?
What are we to do with the knowledge that much of what passes as science in medicine is little more than gussied - up marketing ?
There is n't much we can do .
And so , I say if you 're ill , if you are ailing , or just sick at heart , go find a doctor who listens , who holds your hand .
Just make sure you find a doctor who looks at evidence , not opinion , and when she pulls out the prescription pad , start asking a lot of questions .
Shannon Brownlee is a fellow at the New America Foundation .
The following is a list of the Internet ’s eight biggest Google AdSense publishers .
The information was compiled from interviews and articles found on the Internet .
Whenever possible , I list the source of the information .
I apologize in advance if I missed anyone on the list .
If you make more than the people listed , please send me proof of your Google AdSense earnings and I will add you on the next time the list is updated .
This is a list of individual site owners – people just like you and me .
Big corporate AdSense publishers like AOL are excluded .
1 : Markus Frind : PlentyOfFish.com – $ 300,000 per month
Markus Frind is a local Vancouverite who is turning the online dating world upside down .
His site , Plentyoffish.com is the biggest free dating site on the Internet .
Plentyoffish.com receives up to 500 million page views per month and make over $ 10,000 per day for Markus , who runs the site from home .
You think a site this big would be staffed by a hundred people but the only employee that Markus has is his girlfriend , who helps to answer the emails .
Markus coded Plenty of Fish all by himself .
The site is lean and mean and requires only four servers to handle all that traffic .
Doubts about Makus ’s Google earnings were silenced when he posted this $ 900,000 check from Google .
According to Markus ’s blog entry , the check represented two months of AdSense earnings .
2 : Kevin Rose : Digg.com – $ 250,000 per month
Kevin Rose started Digg in December of 2004 with just $ 1000 .
Today Digg is one of the biggest news sites on the Net , with over 400,000 members and over 200 million page views per month .
According to this article from Business week , Digg will make $ 3 million this year from a combination of Google AdSense and Federated Media ads .
Unfortunately , only Mr. Rose and his accountants knows how much came from Google and how much came from Federated Media .
I can try to take a guess based on the number of times I have seen a Federated Media ad vs. a Google ad on Digg but , being in Canada , it ’s almost 100 % Google ads .
Whatever Google ’s share of Digg ’s $ 250,000 per month in ad revenues may be , one thing is for sure , it is not small .
3 : Jeremy Schoemaker – $ 140,000 per month
If ever anyone can be considered an Internet marketing superstar , ShoeMoney would be near the top of the list .
Jeremy Schoemaker is a search engine marketer who knows how to take advantage of both Google AdSense and AdWords .
In the above photo , you see him with the biggest Google AdSense check he has ever received from Google .
The income was earned back in the month of August 2005 .
Since then Mr. Schoemaker has moved to wire transfers .
No doubt , he got tired to dealing with the bank tellers when trying to deposit $ 100 K plus checks every month .
Unlike the other Google whores on this list , ShoeMoney , as he likes to be call , does not own just one site .
He makes his enormous Google checks using hundreds of sites and thousands of domains .
4 : Jason Calacanis : Weblogs , Inc. – $ 120,000 per month
Before Jason Calacanis sold Weblogs , Inc to AOL for $ 25 million , he got the network of blogs making over $ 4,000 a day from Google AdSense .
So impressive was his AdSense performance that Google used Weblogs for a case study .
Now that AOL controls Weblogs , you can bet it is making a lot more than a measly $ 120,000 a month .
5 : David Miles Jr. & Kato Leonard – $ 100,000 per month
According to this Washington Post article , David Miles Jr. and Kato Leonard , claims they make $ 100,000 a month from their site , Freeweblayouts.net , which gives away designs that people can use on MySpace .
The only problem with the revenue figure is it is not 100 % AdSense .
Free Web Layouts use other advertising networks in addition to Google .
However , with a claimed $ 100,000 per month in revenues , I am fairly confident that the AdSense portion is higher than our next Google whore .
6 : Tim Carter : AskTheBuilder.com – $ 30,000 per month
Tim Carter is a licensed master plumber and carpenter with his own radio show .
He also makes frequent television appearances .
He founded AsktheBuilder.com in 1995 , The primary focus has been catering to an avid following of fellow builders on the site .
According to the Google case study , Mr. Carter did such a good job tweaking the Google ads on his site that it now makes $ 30,000 a month .
Tim ’s AdSense revenues now average $ 1400 a day and growing .
Overall , Carter is enthusiastic about AdSense : it allows him to focus on content development , and gives him built - in tools to measure ad performance and make changes to maximize revenues .
“ People come to me for help , ” says Carter .
“ They get what they need from my columns and advice – and also from ads delivered by AdSense . ”
7 : Joel Comm – $ 24,000 per month
Joel Comm is get rich quick guru .
He wrote the best selling e-book , What Google Never Told You About Making Money with AdSense .
The e-book , along with the website that promotes it has a screen shot of Mr. Comm AdSense earning from November 19 , 2005 to December 15 , 2005 .
Whether or not Mr. Comm still makes this much from Google is anybody ’s guess .
8 : Shawn Hogan â€ “ DigitalPoint.com $ 10,000 per month
Back in January of 2005 the New York Times had an article about AdSense , featuring Shawn Hogan , founder of DigitalPoint .
The article states that Mr. Hogan makes $ 10,000 per month from Google AdSense using a very unique revenue sharing model .
Google pays Digital Point about $ 10,000 a month , depending on how many people view or click on those ads , said Shawn D. Hogan , the owner and chief technology officer of Digital Point .
Mr. Hogan said he started the revenue - sharing approach in 2004 “ as kind of a marketing gimmick . ”
“ But everyone seemed to think it was a cool idea , ” he said .
“ I saw a lot of other sites doing the same thing maybe six months later . ”
DigitalPoint have grown a lot since that article and while Mr. Hogun would not say anything , the DigitalPoint forum members speculate that he is making at least twice that amount now .
