Katrina autopsy : Police shot mentally disabled man in back By James Polk , Drew Griffin and Kate Albright - Hanna
CNN
Ronald Madison was shot in the back by New Orleans police after Hurricane Katrina , autopsy records show .
YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS New Orleans ( Louisiana ) Police Civil Unrest Lawsuits or or Create Your Own NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana ( CNN ) -- Autopsy results obtained by CNN show a mentally disabled man was shot in the back when he was killed by New Orleans police in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina .
This contradicts testimony by a police sergeant that the victim had turned toward officers and was reaching into his waistband when shot .
" Clearly he was shot from behind , " said famed New York pathologist Dr. Michael Baden , who examined the body for the family 's lawyer .
( Watch where the man died and details of the autopsy -- 5:04 )
A prosecutor said the case will go before a grand jury soon and acknowledged the investigation includes the possibility of police wrong - doing .
Ronald Madison , 40 , was mentally disabled and lived at home with his mother .
He had no criminal record .
He was shot when police responded to a report of gunfire on a bridge over the flooded Industrial Canal on Sunday , September 4 , six days after Katrina hit New Orleans last year .
It was a week of dire flooding , rampant looting , death by drowning .
Police were strained , beset by suicides and desertion .
Four people were killed in confrontations with police that weekend alone .
Madison 's older brother , Lance , said he and Ronald were walking across the Danziger bridge toward another brother 's dental office when teen - agers ran up behind him and opened fire that Sunday morning .
By his account , he and Ronald were running away toward the crest of the bridge when a police team , responding to the report of gunshots , arrived in a rental truck and opened fire on people on the bridge .
Police Superintendent Warren Riley told CNN , " Several of the people were shot and two were killed by our officers in a running gun battle ...
Most police shoot - outs last somewhere between six and twelve seconds , and it 's over with .
This was a running gun battle that went on several minutes . "
One teen - ager , still unidentified , was killed near the base of the bridge .
Another was critically wounded .
Three other people with them were also shot and were hospitalized .
Lance Madison said a policeman pointed a rifle at Ronald and shot him as the two of them were running up the bridge .
Lance said he helped carry his wounded brother to a motel on the other side of the canal and left him there as Lance kept running to seek help .
The Police Department said in a press release last fall that Ronald Madison , whom it called a second unidentified gunman , " was confronted by a New Orleans Police Officer .
The suspect reached into his waist and turned toward the officer who fired one shot fatally wounding him . "
Testifying in a preliminary hearing last fall , Police Sgt. Arthur Kaufman said much the same thing : " One subject turned , reached in his waistband , turned on the officers . "
Autopsy results , made available to CNN by a source involved in the investigation , directly contradict that police account .
The findings list five separate gunshot wounds in Ronald Madison 's back .
Three went through the body and exited in front .
There were two other wounds in his right shoulder .
None of the shots entered his body from the front .
CNN had sued the coroner of Orleans Parish to try to get official access to the autopsy report .
At a court hearing on that lawsuit in New Orleans a week ago , the coroner , Dr. Frank Minyard , verified the handwritten autopsy report obtained elsewhere by CNN was indeed prepared in his office by a pathologist on his staff who listed the wounds in the victim 's right back .
Under cross-examination by a CNN lawyer , Dr. Minyard testified those five wounds in the back " were entrance wounds , yes . "
Dr. Michael Baden , chief forensic pathologist for the New York State Police , met with CNN in New York City two weeks ago to discuss his own observations when he examined Ronald Madison 's body for the family lawyer last fall .
Asked if Ronald could have been facing the police when shot , Dr. Baden said , " Absolutely not . "
No weapon was found on or near Ronald Madison 's body .
Assistant District Attorney Dustin Davis , testifying in the same court hearing on the CNN lawsuit , said a grand jury has been assigned to investigate the Danziger Bridge shootings .
However , the grand jury has not yet met on the case because the New Orleans Police Department has yet to complete its final report , eight months after those deaths .
The CNN attorney asked Davis , " What you are investigating in that case is whether any of the police officers may be indicted for homicide , is that correct ? "
Davis answered , " That 's partially correct .
We are also looking at Mr. Madison 's involvement in the incident . "
Lance Madison was arrested on the other side of the bridge where his brother was killed and was accused of shooting at the police officers in the gun battle .
He , too , had no weapon when taken into custody .
He was released from jail after six months because the District Attorney 's office had not initiated any prosecution , although the investigation remains pending .
Sgt. Kaufman testified at the bail hearing for Lance Madison last fall that another policeman saw Lance throw a gun into the Industrial Canal as he was going over the bridge .
Lance Madison denies that .
He told CNN correspondent Drew Griffin , " I had no gun , at all . "
Asked if Ronald had a gun , Lance answered , " No , he did n't . "
In a CNN interview earlier this month , Griffin told Police Chief Warren Riley , " We understand Ronald Madison was shot in the back five times . "
Riley said , " Those are things I can't comment on and no one can comment on until the investigation is concluded . "
Griffin asked Riley if he was concerned about his officers ' actions and Riley replied , " Certainly , we do not condone our officers overreacting , even in the most chaotic time , " but he went on , " We do n't know that they overreacted .
From the radio transmission , it sounds like their lives were in danger . "
Riley turned down a request by CNN to interview the officers who were involved .
A 25 - year career employee at Federal Express , Lance Madison has no criminal record .
At the end of the CNN interview , Riley conceded the two Madison brothers may not have been connected with the other people on the bridge that day .
" I do n't know if those young men were innocent or not .
I really do n't know if they were with that group or not , " Riley said .
" I really do n't know . "
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Two weeks ago the Economist also recanted .
In the past it has asserted that " Mr Bush was right to reject the prohibitively expensive Kyoto pact " .
It co-published the Copenhagen Consensus papers , which put climate change at the bottom of the list of global priorities .
Now , in a special issue devoted to scaring the living daylights out of its readers , it maintains that " the slice of global output that would have to be spent to control emissions is probably ... below 1 % " .
It calls for carbon taxes and an ambitious programme of government spending .
Almost everywhere , climate change denial now looks as stupid and as unacceptable as Holocaust denial .
But I 'm not celebrating yet .
The danger is not that we will stop talking about climate change , or recognising that it presents an existential threat to humankind .
The danger is that we will talk ourselves to kingdom come .
If the biosphere is wrecked , it will not be done by those who could n't give a damn about it , as they now belong to a diminishing minority .
It will be destroyed by nice , well - meaning , cosmopolitan people who accept the case for cutting emissions , but who wo n't change by one iota the way they live .
I know people who profess to care deeply about global warming , but who would sooner drink Toilet Duck than get rid of their Agas , patio heaters and plasma TVs , all of which are staggeringly wasteful .
A recent brochure published by the Co-operative Bank boasts that its " solar tower " in Manchester " will generate enough electricity every year to make 9 million cups of tea " .
On the previous page it urges its customers " to live the dream and purchase that perfect holiday home ...
With low cost flights now available , jetting off to your home in the sun at the drop of a hat is far more achievable than you think . "
Environmentalism has always been characterised as a middle - class concern ; while this has often been unfair , there is now an undeniable nexus of class politics and morally superior consumerism .
People allow themselves to believe that their impact on the planet is lower than that of the great unwashed because they shop at Waitrose rather than Asda , buy Tomme de Savoie instead of processed cheese slices and take eco-safaris in the Serengeti instead of package holidays in Torremolinos .
In reality , carbon emissions are closely related to income : the richer you are , the more likely you are to be wrecking the planet , however much stripped wood and hand - thrown crockery there is in your kitchen .
It does n't help that politicians , businesses and even climate - change campaigners seek to shield us from the brutal truth of just how much has to change .
Last week Friends of the Earth published the report it had commissioned from the Tyndall Centre for Climate Change Research , which laid out the case for a 90 % reduction in carbon emissions by 2050 .
This caused astonishment in the media .
But other calculations , using the same sources , show that even this ambitious target is two decades too late .
It becomes rather complicated , but please bear with me , for our future rests on these numbers .
The Tyndall Centre says that to prevent the earth from warming by more than two degrees above preindustrial levels , carbon dioxide concentrations in the atmosphere must be stabilised at 450 parts per million or less ( they currently stand at 380 ) .
But this , as its sources show , is plainly insufficient .
The reason is that carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) is not the only greenhouse gas .
The others - such as methane , nitrous oxide and hydrofluorocarbons - boost its impacts by around 15 % .
When you add the concentrations of CO2 and the other greenhouse gases together , you get a figure known as " CO2 equivalent " .
But the Tyndall Centre uses " CO2 " and " CO2 equivalent " interchangeably , permitting an embarrassing scientific mish - mash .
" Concentrations of 450 parts per million CO2 equivalent or lower " , it says , provide a " reasonable to high probability of not exceeding 2C " .
This is true , but the report is not calling for a limit of 450 parts of " CO2 equivalent " .
It is calling for a limit of 450 parts of CO2 , which means at least 500 parts of CO2 equivalent .
At this level there is a low to very low probability of keeping the temperature rise below two degrees .
So why on earth has this reputable scientific institution muddled the figures ?
You can find the answer on page 16 of the report .
" As with all client - consultant relationships , boundary conditions were established within which to conduct the analysis ...
Friends of the Earth , in conjunction with a consortium of NGOs and with increasing cross-party support from MPs , have been lobbying hard for the introduction of a ' climate change bill ' ... [ The bill ] is founded essentially on a correlation of 2C with 450 parts per million of CO2 . "
In other words , Friends of the Earth had already set the target before it asked its researchers to find out what the target should be .
I suspect that it chose the wrong number because it believed a 90 % cut by 2030 would not be politically acceptable .
This echoes the refusal of Sir David King , the government 's chief scientist , to call for a target of less than 550 parts per million of CO2 in the atmosphere , on the grounds that it would be " politically unrealistic " .
The message seems to be that the science can go to hell - we will tell people what we think they can bear .
So we all deceive ourselves and deceive each other about the change that needs to take place .
The middle classes think they have gone green because they buy organic cotton pyjamas and handmade soaps with bits of leaf in them - though they still heat their conservatories and retain their holiday homes in Croatia .
The people who should be confronting them with hard truths balk at the scale of the challenge .
And the politicians wo n't jump until the rest of us do .
On Sunday the Liberal Democrats announced that they are making climate change their top political priority , and on Tuesday they voted to shift taxation from people to pollution .
At first sight it looks bold , but then you discover that they have scarcely touched the problem .
While total tax receipts in the United Kingdom amount to £ 350bn a year , they intend to shift just £ 8 bn - or 2.3 % .
So the question which now confronts everyone - politicians , campaign groups , scientists , readers of the Guardian as well as the Economist and the Sun - is this : how much reality can you take ?
Do you really want to stop climate chaos , or do you just want to feel better about yourself ?
· George Monbiot 's book Heat : How to Stop the Planet Burning is published by Allen Lane next week .
He has also launched a website - turnuptheheat.org - exposing false environmental claims made by corporations and celebrities
www.monbiot.com
Sometimes journalists are so focused on a particular story that they ‘ hear what they want to hear and disregard the rest ’ .
There was a perfect example of this last week in the Guardian reporting from the RAPID Climate Change conference in Birmingham ( UK ) which I was attending .
The conference , whose theme was observations , modelling and paleo - climate related to the Thermohaline and Meridional overturning circulation ( MOC ) in the North Atlantic , could have been expected to attract media attention ( particularly in the Europe ) and indeed it did .
However , the Guardian story , which started “ Scientists have uncovered more evidence for a dramatic weakening in the vast ocean current that gives Britain its relatively balmy climate ” was in complete opposition to the actual evidence presented and I was n’t the only person to notice .
How could the reporting be so wrong ?
First , a bit of background : RAPID is a focused research program being run mainly out of the UK , but with contributions from Norway , the Netherlands and from the US .
One of their main achievments has been to set up a mooring array ( which consists of a dozen or so permanently attached monitors of temperature , salinity and pressure ) that can continuously monitor the circulation in the North Atlantic across a section at 26°N .
Measurements taken as the moorings were first installed were highlighted in the Bryden et al paper last year .
As readers will no doubt recall , that publication , suggesting that a long term decrease in the MOC was underway , was greeted by a media storm .
We cautioned at the time that the results were preliminary and , specifically , that the internal variability was probably high enough to make it unlikely that the changes had risen above the noise .
At the meeting this week , Bryden and colleagues gave an update of the work , specifically focusing on the first year of data from the moored array .
This is the first time that there has ever been such a continuous set of estimates across the whole Atlantic and so reports of the size and nature of the variability were eagerly anticipated .
And they did not disappoint !
There were two key observations : first , that the approximations that had been used in the Bryden et al study were actually valid , and secondly , that the variations day by day varied by around 5 Sv ( 1 Sv is about 10 times the flow of the Amazon ) .
The mean over the year for the MOC was 18 Sv – very close to what was expected and in the middle of recent estimates – and significantly , larger than the value seen in the 2004 snapshot .
Given that degree of ‘ noise ’ , this implies that no conclusions about trends over recent decades can be supported .
Other results presented supported this basic picture : transport estimates at different latitudes were not coherent with the initial results , model variability in the best ocean models was large ( suggesting that detectability of a MOC slowdown before 2030 - 2050 was unlikely ) , and temperature , salinity and velocity changes in the overflow waters between Greenland and Europe showed significant connections to the North Atlantic Oscillation but no obvious trends .
A number of records that had seemed to be trending strongly when first looked at , now seem to be simply more variable than first thought .
This was something of a theme at the conference – the closer we look at the ocean , the more dynamic it appears .
So why was the Guardian story so wrong ?
Well , the nature of variability invariably implies that there are periods when the values are above the mean , and periods when it is below the mean .
The minimum values appeared to be during a 10 day interval in November 2004 when the inferred deep western boundary current appeared to be very weak indeed .
But then it came back .
Now , recall that we have never seen this quality of data before and explanations for the variability ( deep eddies ?
waves ? ) are not yet available .
Thus , no - one has any clue whether this is normal or unusual – right now it ’s simply an interesting phenomenon .
Picking this out of the results is therefore a little perverse .
The big story should have been the phenomenal effort that has gone into exploring this important issue , the much improved context for previous measurements and a welcome reassessment of the significance of previous results .
It ’s a shame the Guardian missed it .
It has always been illegal to rape or sodomize prisoners in U.S. custody , of course .
But under the McCain Torture Compromise , as long as you are doing it as " interrogation " , the president is now authorized to allow it .
Luckily , the Warner Redefinition of Human Rights Clause allows the president not only to authorize which prisoners will and will not be raped in an attempt to " break them " , but will allow the president to refuse all access to evidence or trial to those prisoners .
So that 'll keep future abuses from coming to light .
Just thought I 'd help clarify what the Republican lawmakers on the Senate floor are debating right now , since they do n't seem to be in any mood to make those points clear .
We 're talking about torturing people so that the Senate can have a political floor show , and the supposed moderates of the movement are lapping it up like pups .
Personally , I think if you are going to pass a law that says another man will now be tortured , you should at least have the personal courage to stand up and say plainly what it is you intend to do to him .
Ifaw says one site offered two - week - old tiger cubs for $ 1,500
An International Fund for Animal Welfare ( Ifaw ) probe found 9,000 live animals or products for sale in one week on trading sites like eBay .
Ifaw claims many traders are taking advantage of the internet 's anonymity .
The UK Government says it takes wildlife crime seriously , but Ifaw urged it to act urgently .
During a three month investigation , Ifaw found some of the world 's most endangered species for sale online - almost all being traded illegally .
Animal parts
These included a live gorilla for sale in London and a Siberian tiger and four baby chimps on US websites .
Animal body parts included hawksbill turtle shells , shahtoosh shawls from the Tibetan antelope and taxidermy specimens of lions , and peregrine falcons - protected by British law .
Ivory items and traditional Asian remedies containing parts of endangered tigers and rhinos were common place .
The result is a cyber black market where the future of the world 's rarest animals is being traded away .
Phyllis Campbell - McRae
Director IFAW UK
The report , Caught in the Web : Wildlife Trade on the Internet , said many animals were being targeted by poachers to meet the demands of wealthy consumers .
Ifaw UK director Phyllis Campbell - McRae said unscrupulous traders and sophisticated criminal gangs took advantage of the anonymity afforded by the internet .
" The result is a cyber black market where the future of the world 's rarest animals is being traded away .
" This situation must be tackled immediately by governments and website owners . "
' Laws exist '
Of the 9,000 animals and animal parts found for sale by the probe in its first week alone , 70 % were from species protected by international law .
Ifaw wants the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) to ensure that bans are enforced .
IFAW is warning the public not to purchase any endangered species
Professor William Dutton , director of the Oxford Internet Institute , said : " Laws exist to stop the unlawful use of any communication medium , but governments and agencies need to communicate in order to address activities that span the globe . "
Endangered animals are protected under international law by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) , but there are not enough resources to enforce it , the report said .
British native wildlife law prohibits the trade all wild birds and mammals found in the UK .
But researchers found there was a lack of understanding of the legislation .
They wants Defra to provide user - friendly information on its own website .
The report urged the department to set up a hotline for easy reporting of suspicious trade .
Unlimited fines
Defra welcomed the report .
Biodiversity minister Jim Knight said : " The National Wildlife Crime Intelligence Unit is working closely with internet service providers to raise awareness of wildlife controls and to enhance intelligence - gathering on wildlife crime .
" Last month , we introduced tough new penalties for people convicted of trading in endangered species , meaning they now face up to five years in prison or an unlimited fine . "
He said the penalties give police stronger powers of arrest , entry , search and seizure .
Ifaw says this spider monkey was for sale
The government was also consulting on plans to use powers under EC regulations to cut wildlife crime at home and abroad .
Website owners are being urged to let users report their suspicions and work more closely with government and enforcement agencies .
A spokesman for eBay said its animals policy goes beyond the law in prohibiting the sale of native and endangered species and it was working closely with the Ifaw to ensure the site remained free from illegal items .
" If we are made aware of any listing that breaks this policy , we will end the listing and may , where appropriate , forward it to the relevant law enforcement agency for action .
" We strongly encourage users to report illegal items to customer support . "
The heroes of comics get most of the glory .
Who can forget Barry Allen 's sacrificial run to spare DC from Crisis 20 years ago or Jean Grey choosing death over a life as Dark Phoenix ?
But comics ' greatest villains have had their own fine moments .
To celebrate the finals days of IGN Comics ' Villain Month , we pondered on the ten most memorable moments in villainy .
This was n't an easy task .
There are a surprising number of great moments to choose from .
In fact , there were quite a few that held personal favor .
However , we 've avoided the obscure moments we loved , because in truth they do n't hold the power of our top ten .
Not only are these moments unforgettable , they made a difference .
You 'll notice that all but one occurred in the past 20 years .
Again , these are the ones we felt had the greatest impact on the stories , the characters and us as readers .
# 10 Thunderbolts Really Masters of Evil
Thunderbolts # 1 Baron Zemo II
Only one good thing came of Marvel 's disastrous attempt to reboot its universe with the " Heroes Reborn " storyline .
With the heroes of the 616 Marvel Universe gone to the other side of the sun , the world was in search of protectors .
It was believed a new team of champions was discovered with the appearance of the mysterious Thunderbolts .
But these do - gooders were in fact the new Masters of Evil , headed by Baron Zemo II .
The shocking final page of the first issue revealed the truth and was one of the biggest surprises in comics history .
The first year of the Thunderbolts was dedicated to the rouse and the conflicting emotions among a band of villains pretending to be good , and perhaps enjoying heroism a little too much .
While the series may not have had a long - lasting affect on the Marvel Universe , it may well have saved Marvel from creative self - destruction in the '90s .
# 9 Angel 's Wings Clipped
X - Factor # 10 Angel , Harpoon
The original five X - Men had only recently created the public mutant investigations group X - Factor when their team was nearly destroyed .
The Mutant Massacre , a major X - Men crossover event , had Sinister 's Marauders attempting to wipe out the sewer - dwelling Morlocks .
When X - Factor came to the aid of the Morlocks , Angel found himself on the wrong end of the mean - spirited mutant , Harpoon .
The former X - Man lost his wings , just the first in a string of shocking moments to come for Warren Worthington III .
Not long after losing his feathers , Warren appeared to commit suicide , crashing his plane into the side of a mountain .
In truth , he turned himself over to Apocalypse , who gave the former X - Man steel wings and new name -- Archangel .
Batman : The Killing JokeJoker , Barbara Gordon , James Gordon
It 's not totally unexpected for a costumed hero to meet a major physical set - back on the job .
But former Batgirl Barbara Gordon was n't shot and paralyzed trying to save the city .
She was crippled because she 's Commissioner Gordon 's daughter .
The Joker had a brilliant plan -- push Jim Gordon to the edge of sanity , then give him an extra nudge to turn him into a raving lunatic .
After all , if a sane man like Gordon can give into sanity based on circumstance , who could really blame the Joker for the cruel twist of fate that made him go loony ?
Joker shot Barbara Gordon in front of her father , then undressed her and took a few tasteful photos .
Though Batgirl was lost , an new kind of hero , Oracle , was born from the incident .
# 7 Magneto Rips Out Wolverine 's Adamantium
X - Men # 25 Magneto , Wolverine
Magneto and the X - Men had been waging a polite war with one another for years .
During the events of the " Fatal Attraction " storyline , Magneto took things to a new extreme .
Determined to provide an orbiting sanctuary for " his people , " Magneto gave the Homo Sapien powers - that - be a harsh warning .
Mags unleashed an EM pulse from space that knocked out power for a good chunk of Earth , killing hundreds of thousands .
The X - Men came after Magneto , still holding hope he could be saved .
But when the Master of Magnetism ripped the Adamantium from Wolverine 's bones , all hopes for a peaceful resolution ended .
So did Xavier 's patience .
Wolverine nearly died from the shock of losing the metal surrounding his bones and spent several years traveling the country with bone claws and an even bigger chip on his shoulders .
Sadly , these events also lead to the previously - mentioned " Heroes Reborn " disaster years later .
# 6 Doomsday Kills Superman
Superman # 75 Doomsday , Superman
The Man of Steel did not fall to arch - foes Brainiac or Lex Luthor .
He was n't bested by Batman or General Zod .
A total unknown , an inarticulate beast from ancient Krypton named Doomsday , dealt the final blows that killed Superman .
There was no complex or sinister plot .
It was merely strength versus strength .
And with Doomsday intent on destroying Metropolis , the last son of Krypton put every ounce of strength into his final battle .
Though he stopped the monster , Superman died in Lois Lane 's arms .
Superman 's death brought about many long - lasting changes to the DCU .
The new Superboy debuted and Coast City was destroyed .
That act lead to Hal Jordan 's own turn at villainy .
Though Superman 's death was hardly a shocker , it was a powerful moment in DC 's history .
The Art of the Parlay , Or : How I Learned to Stop Worrying About Platform Licensing and Market Share
Toss it back and forth long enough and a nugget of conventional wisdom eventually comes to be treated as fact .
With regard to Apple and the Macintosh , the prime example is the idea that Apple made a catastrophic error in the 1980s by not licensing the Macintosh .
This idea has been repeated so often by so many sources that today , most people , even Mac users , simply accept it at face value :
If only Apple had licensed the Macintosh , they could have been Microsoft .
But this is not a fact .
It ’s conjecture , and barring a time machine , it can never be proven .
But even if you could go back to 1984 and show Apple ’s then - executives a glimpse of the future and the Mac ’s eventual market share — merely “ licensing ” the Mac very likely would not have made a difference .
In fact , in an alternate universe where Apple had licensed the Macintosh or Mac OS in the mid-80s , things could have ended up worse for Apple , as in bankrupt - and - out - of - business worse .
There are a few simple reasons why nearly everyone thinks Apple could have conquered the PC industry had they licensed the Mac :
The Macintosh was indisputably years ahead of every other PC platform in terms of user - interface design .
The mouse pointer .
The desktop metaphor .
Overlapping windows .
Icons . WYSIWYG word processing .
Ten years later , every desktop computer in the world offered similar features ; but in 1984 , they were only on the Mac .
Apple licensed neither the Mac hardware nor software .
Microsoft licensed MS - DOS , and later Windows , to any IBM - compatible PC manufacturer who was willing to pay for a license .
At a basic conceptual level , from a user ’s perspective , Windows works pretty much like the Mac OS .
It ’s generally agreed that the first version of Windows that did n’t suck shipped in 1995 , a decade after the arrival of the Mac .
Apple matured into a modestly profitable computer company .
Macs account for about 5 percent of the computers in the U.S. , and 2 percent world - wide .
Microsoft became the most fabulously profitable and successful corporation in the history of the world .
Over 90 percent of the computers in the world run some version of Windows .
Given these facts , it ’s not hard to see how the conventional wisdom came to be .
Apple had a 5 - 10 year lead in terms of UI design ; if only they ’d licensed the Mac OS in the 80s …
But we need to stop right here , because if we want to be realistic , if we want to be even vaguely rigorous while playing this particular game of “ What If ? ” , then we need to clarify exactly what Apple could have licensed in the mid-80s .
The operating system , of course , we might decide — because that ’s what Microsoft did , and they made tens of billions of dollars doing so .
But except Apple could n’t just license the “ Mac OS ” ( which was n’t called “ Mac OS ” until the mid-90s ) in 1984 , because there were n’t any computers that could use it .
Much of the original Mac operating system was implemented in ROM , as hardware .
The Mac ’s designers did n’t do this to tie the operating system to Apple ’s proprietary hardware — they did this because it was necessary in terms of price , performance , and the meager memory and storage they had available .
Each 400 KB floppy disk had to store the System ( to boot the Mac ) , whatever apps you wanted to run , and your data files .
Every KB of the Mac Toolbox in ROM freed up another KB of space on your floppy disks .
Or consider the display .
The Mac ’s GUI depended on a 512 - by - 342 pixel monochrome display , capable of displaying text in the novel color scheme of black text on a white background .
This , at a time when PC displays were typically used as character - based terminals displaying orange or green type on a black background , and displayed only 320 - by - 240 pixels .
[ Correction : 320×200 with four colors , or 640 × 200 monochrome . ]
In short , what were then called IBM - compatible PCs were technically incapable of providing a user experience even vaguely resembling that of the Macintosh .
Apple could not have simply licensed the “ Mac OS ” to run on any existing personal computer platform .
( Including their own wildly - successful Apple II platform ; more on this later . )
Thus Apple could n’t have merely licensed the operating system in the mid-80s .
OK , then they should have licensed the entire platform to other hardware manufacturers .
Admittedly this was possible , and , according to Jim Carlton ’s Apple book , was exactly what Apple ’s executives considered but rejected .
( Carlton ’s book is seriously flawed in many ways [ not the least of which his conclusion that the company was on the verge of going out of business circa 1999 ] , but it ’s worth reading if taken with several grains of salt . )
The idea was that Apple would license the Mac platform to a handful of big - name companies like Kodak , Motorola , and AT&T — not a wide - open licensing scheme where any company could decide to start making Mac clones .
Obviously , the idea was ultimately rejected .
Apple was earning startlingly high profit margins on Mac hardware at the time , and they did n’t want to share .
The competition from licensing clearly would have driven margins down , but the potential for increased volume could have driven overall profits up .
Would it have worked ?
Maybe — but even in hindsight it ca n’t be deemed a sure thing .
Claiming that it “ definitely ” would have worked is bluster .
It was not at all a sure thing , and more to the point at hand , it was not all like the software - only licensing plan that turned Microsoft into a goliath .
So what ’s left in our bag of hypothetical “ license the Mac in the ’ 80s ” scenarios ?
Most quote - unquote “ business analysts ” — who are in large part responsible for the “ Apple should have licensed the Mac ” conventional wisdom — argue that Apple should have moved away from the hardware business entirely .
Surely you ’ve heard it argued that Apple ought to become “ a software company ” , by which what analysts really mean is “ a company just like Microsoft ” .
The idea being that the Mac ’s relatively low market share , in the face of its superior usability and design , is because the corporate market was and is resistant to buying proprietary hardware .
And so thus Apple should have developed and licensed a version of the Mac OS that ran on Intel PC hardware .
Then you do a little hand - waving , and boom — Apple could have been Microsoft .
The first problem with this idea , as stated earlier , is that IBM - compatible PCs simply were n’t capable of providing a Mac - like user experience in 1984 , and it was many years later until they were .
And by the time PCs were capable providing a Mac - like experience , Microsoft ’s MS - DOS was already entrenched as the monopoly OS .
The second problem is that it ’s based on the dubious assumption that the corporate IT market is innately resistant to proprietary single - vendor hardware platforms , but has no reluctance whatsoever to tie themselves to proprietary single - vendor software platforms .
That the corporate market has in large part chosen an open hardware platform ( x86 processor IBM - compatible PCs ) and a closed software platform ( DOS / Windows ) is quite possibly just the way things turned out , not necessarily the way things were destined to be .
My explanation is simply that the corporate market went with IBM - compatible machines at the start of the PC revolutions because that seemed like the safest route .
“ No one ever got fired for choosing IBM ” was the IT mantra of the ’70s and ’ 80s .
Every subsequent step from that point onward was simply the path of least resistance .
Switching to the Mac — or any other different hardware platform for that matter — would have been risky and expensive .
It ’s easier to do what everyone else is doing , and it ’s easier to stick with what you already have .
If the purpose behind these hypothetical musings is to find a way that Apple could have capitalized on the Mac to obtain a significantly larger long - term PC market share , they would have had to have done something different early .
Even by the late ’ 80s , they would have been playing catch - up against Microsoft .
And so what “ analysts ” are really saying Apple should have done is not have made the Macintosh at all — but rather to have written a GUI - based operating system compatible with the existing PCs of 1984 .
This is a big enough “ what if ” that it certainly could have significantly changed the course of computing history — but make no mistake that such an operating system would have borne very little resemblance indeed to the actual Macintosh we knew and loved .
And before you start nodding your head in yes , yes , that ’s what Apple should have done agreement , it ’s essential to note that such an endeavor would have turned Apple into a direct competitor to Microsoft , in the market Microsoft deemed most essential to dominate .
SURGEON GENERAL’S WARNING : Competing Directly Against Microsoft May Be Hazardous to Your Company
Such a plan to license a GUI operating system to run on Intel PC hardware may well have been Apple ’s only and best chance to become an industry colossus sitting atop a Scrooge - McDuck - style mountain of gold , but that ’s not to say it would have been a good chance .
The press — both mainstream and tech trade — long ago labeled “ Apple- vs. - Microsoft ” as one of the biggest rivalries in the industry .
It ’s not entirely fair to blame this solely on the press —
Apple ’s infamous and ill - fated “ look - and - feel ” lawsuit against Microsoft certainly fanned the flames .
But the truth is that Apple and Microsoft have seldom been direct competitors .
Microsoft ’s overriding goal for the past 25 years has been to develop and maintain an operating systems monopoly on the IBM - compatible PC platform .
Apple has never entered that market , and therefore never threatened any of the markets Microsoft deemed essential .
Apple has , of course , offered their own rival hardware platform .
But that ’s indirect competition , not direct .
Apple ’s pitch has always been that you should buy an Apple computer , not that you should replace Microsoft ’s OS with theirs .
And I do n’t think Microsoft has ever considered the Macintosh a serious threat to the IBM PC hardware platform .
Companies which compete directly against Microsoft have a tendency to go out of business quickly and gruesomely .
There is only room for one PC operating systems monopoly .
It ’s therefore much more likely that a plan from Apple to license a Mac - like operating system for PCs — at any point in industry history — would have resulted in Apple being crushed by Microsoft than it is that Apple would have replaced Microsoft as the dominant software vendor .
The truth is that there was no sure - fire way , even in hindsight , for Apple to turn the Macintosh into a Windows - style monopoly .
But what we have arrived at is a more insightful analysis as to the key difference between Apple ’s and Microsoft ’s strategies through the ’ 80s and ’90s .
The conventional wisdom holds that the difference is that Microsoft went down the path of open licensing , whereas Apple chose to remain proprietary .
Both statements are true , but they ’re not the key to understanding the companies ’ differences .
That they ended up on different sides of the open / proprietary divide is an effect , not the cause .
The key difference is that Microsoft focused — intensely and purposefully — on parlaying each of their successes into bigger successes .
They got lucky once , when they got IBM to agree to license MS - DOS as the operating system for the IBM PC .
( I say they were “ lucky ” not to discount the shrewdness on the part of Bill Gates and his then - colleagues , but simply because IBM so vastly underestimated the importance of the OS . )
Microsoft parlayed their DOS command - line - era monopoly into the Windows GUI - era monopoly , then parlayed their Windows monopoly into the Office monopoly .
In terms of Microsoft ’s revenue and profits , everything other than Windows and Office are negligible .
And both are entirely parlayed from MS - DOS .
Apple , on the other hand , seldom even attempted ( let alone succeeded ) to parlay any of their successes into further successes .
The Apple II was a phenomenally successful platform .
When you hear people state that Apple used to possess 15 to 20 percent market share in personal computers , they ’re not talking about the Mac .
( Or if they are , they ’re misinformed , which is likely . )
It was the Apple II that held such high market share , not the Mac .
According to Owen Linzmayer ’s “ Apple Confidential ” [ p. 19 ] , Apple ’s revenue from the Macintosh did n’t surpass that from the Apple II until 1986 , and almost certainly would ’ve taken even longer if the Jobs - led management had not effectively abandoned the Apple II platform — which they did not because the Apple II was n’t popular , but despite the fact that it was popular .
The Macintosh was neither based on nor compatible with the Apple II .
Neither platform could run software written for the other .
The result is that there was no particular way for an Apple II user to switch to a Mac other than by buying all new hardware and all new software .
( There was an Apple II add - on card available for the Mac LC in the early ’90s , but that was six or seven years after the Mac debuted . )
Whether this was a mistake or not is impossible to say .
It ’s not hyperbole to describe the original Macintosh as revolutionary — the entire desktop - metaphor GUI was utterly unlike the character - based terminal and command - line systems of the era .
But that the Mac offered no text mode or command - line — no stdin , no stdout — was n’t just artistic purity .
If the Mac had offered such a mode , even just as a secondary option behind the GUI , the temptation would have been perhaps irresistible for third - party developers to write character - based “ Mac ” software that was n’t the least bit Mac - like at all , but instead was pretty much just like the software they ’d been writing for DOS and the Apple II .
Since Apple provided no such mode , developers who wanted to write software for the Macintosh had to write Mac - like software .
But other than carrying the Apple brand name , the Macintosh was altogether dissimilar from the wildly popular Apple II .
This was good for users , but hard for developers .
Writing Mac software was both different and difficult .
In the ’90s , under John Sculley , Apple repeated this pattern of building a new platform that stood apart from an existing , popular platform with the Newton — and this time it clearly was a mistake .
The biggest problem with the Newton was n’t the size , or the price , or the initially piss - poor handwriting recognition .
The biggest problem is that it did n’t really have anything at all to do with the Macintosh .
Yes , there was the Newton Connection Utility , which let you synch / export / import some data from your Mac ( or Windows PC ) to a Newton , and which you needed to use to install new and updated software on the Newton .
But it stunk .
It was always evident that the Newton was designed to stand alone ; that their target was a future when you would n’t need a desktop computer , just your personal digital assistant .
The biggest difference between the Palm Pilot and the Newton was n’t the smaller size or lower price — but that it shipped with much more useful desktop software and better data synching capabilities .
The Newton introduced numerous wonderful UI design concepts .
You never had to explicitly save or name anything ; your notes , contacts , and other data were all just there .
It was enough to make MPT weep for joy .
But it did n’t really do anything to take advantage of the $ 3000 Mac on your desk .
You could n’t even mount it on your desktop .
The Palm Pilot ( and later , Microsoft ’s Pocket PC ( née WinCE ) platform ) was designed and marketed as a computer peripheral , parlaying off the success of the PC .
The Newton was designed and marketed not as a Mac or PC peripheral , but as the Next Big Thing , technology that would supplant the personal computer , not complement it .
If the Newton had hooked to your Mac the way Palm Pilots and Pocket PCs connected to PCs , it would have been much more successful , possibly vastly so .
Apple ’s goal should have been to make the Newton a must - have Mac peripheral .
Instead , by creating only tenuous ties between the Mac and Newton , it was easily - done - without .
It ’s the Parlay , Stupid
Your not - so - humble business analysts state as fact that “ the market ” favors open platforms .
But is that really so ?
It ’s hard not to be blinded by the sun - like intensity of Microsoft ’s staggering profits ; but if you set aside Microsoft ’s DOS / Windows / Office monopoly , where else is this adage proven ?
Let ’s look at console gaming platforms .
Nintendo and Sony have built successful platforms that are almost completely closed .
Not only do they build and sell their own proprietary hardware , but they require third - party developers to obtain permission and to pay for the privilege of selling games that run on their systems .
And so when Microsoft — patron saint of the “ open platform ” business analysts — entered the console gaming market with the Xbox , they licensed the hardware openly to other manufacturers , and they allowed third - party games to run without licensing fees .
Right ?
No , of course not .
The Xbox is every bit as proprietary as Nintendo ’s and Sony ’s gaming platforms .
I posit that the Windows monopoly is an anomaly , and exists only because of IBM ’s decision to license the DOS operating system from Microsoft , rather than buying it or writing their own from scratch .
Microsoft did n’t choose or decide the “ open ” nature of the IBM - compatible hardware business — they just went along for the ride and then took full advantage of their fortunate position .
( Cf. Edison ’s famous adage : “ Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work ; ” Microsoft worked its corporate ass off to build its monopolies . )
But so while these gaming platforms contradict the idea that the market prefers open platforms — they reinforce the importance of the parlay .
Nintendo has parlayed their initial success with the NES into a series of successful next - generation platforms : from NES to Super Nintendo to Nintendo 64 to GameCube .
While neither software nor cartridge - compatible , each Nintendo platform was founded on the same familiar series of Nintendo - branded games and characters .
Sony followed up their initial success with the PlayStation with PlayStation II — a system that plays original PlayStation games , the ultimate compatibility parlay .
And the Xbox , although Microsoft ’s initial foray into console gaming , is very much a parlay .
Not off another console , but off PC gaming .
The Xbox hardware is quite a bit similar to Wintel PC hardware , and the Xbox programming APIs for game developers are very much similar to those of Windows .
I.e. , Microsoft has made it easy for PC game developers to port to the Xbox .
Point being not that parlaying one successful platform into a new one is easy , or that it does n’t require hard work and clever engineering , but simply that it ’s easier and more likely to succeed than a new platform built from scratch .
Think Difference
Thus the difference between Microsoft and Apple was n’t about open - vs. - closed ; it was pragmatism - vs. - idealism .
If Microsoft had been like Apple , Windows would have been something totally new , divorced from and incompatible with MS - DOS .
It would have been much better — in the same way the Mac was “ better ” — but quite probably much less popular .
If Apple had been like Microsoft , the Mac would have been built on top of the Apple II platform and the Newton would have been designed as a Macintosh peripheral .
But that ’s not what happened .
For about a decade , Windows was merely a graphical shell process that ran on top of MS - DOS .
Most PC “ power users ” configured their machines to boot into a DOS command - line ; Windows only started after typing “ win ” at a command prompt .
Even after Microsoft moved Windows away from its DOS foundations , it never abandoned DOS software compatibility , and never encouraged a culture of strict enforcement to proper graphical user interface guidelines .
The result is that a lot of early “ Windows ” software was just DOS software that ran inside a window and provided a menu bar and few clickable buttons .
Or else it was flat - out pure DOS software running inside a DOS compatibility window .
These decisions severely limited Windows , and crippled it in any objective side - by - side comparison to a Mac .
But it allowed DOS users — most especially including the gazillions of corporations that had bought IBM - compatible PCs — to migrate from DOS to Windows slowly and incrementally .
No matter what computer you currently used — IBM PC or Apple II — switching to the Mac meant buying all new hardware and all new software .
I ’m not saying this was a mistake ; I offer it only as the explanation as to why Apple earns millions per quarter while Microsoft earns billions .
But I do n’t know that Apple should have done very much different at all during the 80s and early 90s .
The real Mac was revolutionary ; a hypothetical Mac based on the Apple II would have been evolutionary .
That would have been the pragmatic approach , but Apple was an idealistic company staffed by idealistic employees .
Read the stories about the development of the Mac at Folklore.org and it ’s hard to imagine that team working on pragmatic , practical evolutionary improvements to the Apple II platform .
It ’s also essential to remember that the entire concept of the personal computer was still relatively new in 1984 .
Something brand - new , eschewing compatibility with existing software — was something that had happened every few years until that point .
It was n’t clear at all that a revolution like the original Macintosh could n’t take off and supersede all existing competitors .
The upshot and point of all this being that the Mac ’s low market share is quite possibly ( and quite probably in my mind ) unrelated to Apple ’s decision not to license the Macintosh ; but rather the result of their decision not to parlay off the success of the Apple II .
And that but if they had limited the “ Macintosh ” to what could have been built upon the Apple II , or if the Mac had somehow offered full compatibility with Apple II software , then what they ’d have built would have been something very different from what we know as the original Mac .
We might have ended up with something merely “ new and improved ” , which is n’t nearly as exciting as “ insanely great ” .
Update on 12/23/2005 : The script has been updated to be compatible with Firefox 1.5 .
See this entry for more information .
Update on 8/28/2005 : A bug that prevented the bubble from working correctly once a a conversation had been archived or trashed has been fixed .
Please reinstall the script to use this updated version .
Short Version
Want preview bubbles for conversations in Gmail , as shown in the screenshot on the left ?
Then install the Gmail Conversation Preview Greasemonkey script .
You can then right - click on any conversation to see its recent messages in a preview bubble .
Greasemonkey 0.5 is required .
Should work in Greasemonkey 0.3.5 or 0.5 ( neither one has the security issues that plagued earlier versions ) .
Full Story
One of the things touted by the upcoming Yahoo Mail and Hotmail releases is that they will have a preview / reading pane which will let you see message contents at a glance without having to navigate to an entirely new view .
Gmail offers a lightweight version of this already , by showing the first hundred or so characters of each message as a snippet next to the subject .
While this is handy for one - liner emails , a full - blown preview pane is often more appropriate .
Given my past experiences with Gmail and Greasemonkey , I figured that adding a preview area to Gmail may just be possible .
Ignoring the technical aspects , the first issue was deciding what it should look like .
My main issue with traditional preview panes is that they take up a lot of room , even when they are n't needed .
Eventually , I was inspired by Google Map 's bubbles and decided to try that approach .
I initially triggered the bubbles on mouse hovering , but that was not a good fit : fetching the entire conversation is a heavy - weight operation with some latency while data that appears on hover should be light - weight and display instantaneously .
I then tried inserting a small magnifying glass icon within each conversation row that when clicked showed the bubble .
However , the icon was too small and hard to click on ( Fitts ' law and all that ) .
I then considered a keyboard modifier plus mouse click as a trigger , but that seemed like too much effort on the part of the user .
In the end , attaching it to right - click seemed like the best choice .
Since Gmail does n't use real links , the contextual menu triggered by the right mouse button is mostly useless , thus overriding it seemed like an acceptable tradeoff .
Furthermore , this trigger means that the user does not have to take his / her hand off the mouse .
To also facilitate those who use Gmail 's many keyboard shortcuts , the V key was made to toggle the preview bubble for the current conversation .
Integrating the preview bubble as smoothly as possible with the rest of the Gmail interface was also a challenge .
Given a message ID , it 's reasonably easy to fetch its contents ( making a GET request for URLs of the form &view=cv&search=all&th=message-id&lvp=-1&cvp=2&qt= ) .
However , message IDs are not stored in the DOM directly .
Instead , it turns out we can leverage Gmail 's communication scheme in order to get this information .
As others have documented , Gmail receives data from the server in form of JavaScript snippets .
Looking at the top of any conversation list 's source , we can see that the D ( ) function that receives data in turns calls a function P( ) in the frame where all the JavaScript resides .
Since all data must pass through this global P ( ) function , we can use Greasemonkey to hook into it .
This is similar to the trap patching way of extending Classic Mac OS .
Specifically , the Greasemonkey script gets a hold of the current P ( ) function and replaces it with a version that first records relevant data in an internal array , and then calls the original function ( so that Gmail operations are not affected ) .
Once we have the list of conversations ( including IDs ) in hand , we can easily map it to its corresponding DOM nodes ( each conversation 's row has the ID w_message - id ) and show the appropriate bubble .
The script also tries to do clever things by resizing the bubble so that it best fits the displayed messages .
Since fetching a conversation implicitly marks it as read , a " Leave Unread " option is provided that actually does a POST request to the server with the appropriate mark as unread command ( LiveHTTPHeaders is indispensable for figuring this out ) .
To parse data from a fetched conversation , we grab the appropriate JavaScript text and eval ( ) it while defining the appropriate D ( ) function that extracts the data .
In general , the script code is architected the script reasonably cleanly , with a PreviewBubble object with appropriate methods and comments for non-intuitive places , thus it should be ready to hacked on by other people .
There are still some rough edges , as well as some drawing bugs in Deer Park that may or may not be my fault .
However , I have been using it for the past few weeks and it's very handy when going through lots of email quickly that needs to be read but not necessarily replied to .
( the usual ) Disclaimer : I happen to work for Google .
This script was produced without any internal knowledge of Gmail , and is not endorsed by Google in any way .
If you have any problems with it , please contact only me .
Year 2019 .
---------------------Son:
Dad , today in the history class they taught us about Internet and all the amazing stuff you could do on it .
Dad :
Those were good old days before the Verizon - net , Comcast - net , BellSouth - net Son :
If internet was such a good thing , why do n’t we have it today ?
Dad : Because they decided to end it sometime around 2006 Son :
But why did they do that Dad : Apparently the telcos were not were not making enough money .
Son :
That ’s bad .
Why did n’t you guys pay the poor telcos ?
Dad : Oh !
We did .
Every month .
Son :
Then how come they did n’t make any money ?
Dad :
They made a lot of money but I guess it was not enough .
They wanted the big websites like Google Amazon , eBay , MSN etc. to pay them and not use their network for free .
Son :
That ’s so bad of Google to not pay them .
I have lost all respect for Sergey and Larry .
How can they expect a free ride ?
So convenient for them to make all that Ad dollars while running their algorithm from public libraries ?
Dad : Public Libraries ??
What are you talking about ?
They had their own offices and datacenters .
Son :
But you said they used the internet for free .
How can they provide content without paying for the bandwidth ?
Dad : Oh !
They did Son : Wait .
I ’m all confused here .
We paid for our end of the bandwidth and the websites paid at their end .
So who is getting a free ride here Dad : I have n’t figured that out yet .
Son :
My friend called to tell me that he wo n’t email for another month because he has exhausted his quota of 13 emails for the month .
If he uses anymore they will be forced to upgrade to platinum plan and his folks can’t afford that .
Mom was telling me that you used to write a blog back then .
What happened ?
Why did you stop ?
Dad :
They asked me to pay up if I wanted guaranteed delivery of content .
Son :
So before that your blog did not reach your readers for sure ?
Dad :
It did .
Son :
So what is the “ guarantee ” about ?
Dad :
Have they taught you about extortion yet ?
Son : Not yet .
They said instead they are making us read the book : “ Telcos – Riches to Riches story ” .
So what did you do about your blog then ?
Dad : I hosted it on my computer and let people dial in directly .
Many of my friends did that .
It was kind of cool .
They said that they had similar setups before the Internet .
Son :
What about peer - to - peer networks ?
Why do n’t we have it today ?
And what does startup mean ?
And why do Google search results say “ censored by your service provider ” ?
And why do we have only 87 functional websites ?
And … Dad : Time to go to bed son .
Son :
One last question .
Did the greedy telcos kill the Internet ?
Dad :
Are n’t you glad we moved to Africa
This article made it to the front page of reddit 3 days ago .
Thanks for all your votes and comments .
It also " almost " made it to the front page of digg , but then something happened which I 'm still investigating .
I will let you know as soon as I hear from digg .
Mark Latham , who left politics after leading the Labor party to defeat at Australia 's general election in 2004 , blames changes in the workplace and - families , a rise in leftwing feminism , and neoconservatism for creating " a crisis in male identity " and " debilitating " the language .
" Instead of calling a spade a spade , our national conversation is now dominated by weasel words and the pretence of politeness , " Mr Latham writes in his collection of favourite quotes and political anecdotes , A Conga Line of Suckholes - a phrase he used to deride John Howard 's centre - right government in its support of the US invasion of Iraq .
" Few people have anything meaningful to say , for fear of offending the conservative status quo , " he says in an extract published in a newspaper yesterday .
Mr Latham , labelled by political opponents as the most abusive lawmaker to speak in the federal parliament , blames the prime minister , an owlish social conservative who commentators say has turned his blandness into a political strength .
" It 's the revenge of the nerds , John Howard - style , " Mr Latham writes .
Mr Howard , who will run for a fifth three - year term next year , declined to comment .
Mr Latham notoriously broke a Sydney taxi driver 's arm in a beer - fuelled fare dispute in 2001 , and once described George Bush , a personal friend of Mr Howard , as " the most incompetent and dangerous president in living memory " .
In his book , Mr Latham laments the loss of the Australian language 's " larrikin " character - a word used to describe a fun-loving troublemaker who bucks authority and conventions , considered a cherished aspect of the Australian character .
" One of the saddest things I have seen in my lifetime has been the decline in Australian male culture - the loss of our larrikin language and values , " he writes .
" Australian mates and good blokes have been replaced by nervous wrecks , metrosexual knobs and tossbags . "
The book includes 40 of Mr Latham 's own quotes and anecdotes as well as those from historical figures as diverse as Plato and Stalin .
Keith Olbermann has been calling it like it is .
His " Special Comments " are indeed special because no other talking head outside of Cafferty is willing to step up to the plate and say what needs to be said on 24/ 7 .
" Your words are lies , Sir . "
They are lies , that imperil us all . '
Sounds about right to me .
Download - WMV Download - QT
Olbermann :
And lastly , as promised , a Special Comment tonight on the signing of the Military Commissions Act and the loss of Habeas Corpus .
We have lived as if in a trance .
We have lived ... as people in fear .
And now -- our rights and our freedoms in peril -- we slowly awake to learn that we have been afraid ... of the wrong thing .
Therefore , tonight , have we truly become , the inheritors of our American legacy .
For , on this first full day that the Military Commissions
Act is in force , we now face what our ancestors faced , at other times of exaggerated crisis and melodramatic fear - mongering :
And lastly , as promised , a Special Comment tonight on the signing of the Military Commissions Act and the loss of Habeas Corpus .
We have lived as if in a trance .
We have lived ... as people in fear .
And now -- our rights and our freedoms in peril -- we slowly awake to learn that we have been afraid ... of the wrong thing .
Therefore , tonight , have we truly become , the inheritors of our American legacy .
For , on this first full day that the Military Commissions
Act is in force , we now face what our ancestors faced , at other times of exaggerated crisis and melodramatic fear - mongering :
A government more dangerous to our liberty , than is the enemy it claims to protect us from .
We have been here before -- and we have been here before led here -- by men better and wiser and nobler than George W. Bush .
We have been here when President John Adams insisted that the Alien and Sedition Acts were necessary to save American lives -- only to watch him use those Acts to jail newspaper editors .
American newspaper editors , in American jails , for things they wrote , about America .
We have been here , when President Woodrow Wilson insisted that the Espionage Act was necessary to save American lives -- only to watch him use that Act to prosecute 2,000 Americans , especially those he disparaged as " Hyphenated Americans , " most of whom were guilty only of advocating peace in a time of war .
American public speakers , in American jails , for things they said , about America .
And we have been here when President Franklin D. Roosevelt insisted that Executive Order 9 - 0 - 6 - 6 was necessary to save American lives -- only to watch him use that Order to imprison and pauperize 110 - thousand Americans ...
While his man -in - charge ...
General DeWitt , told Congress : " It makes no difference whether he is an American citizen -- he is still a Japanese . "
American citizens , in American camps , for something they neither wrote nor said nor did -- but for the choices they or their ancestors had made , about coming to America .
Each of these actions was undertaken for the most vital , the most urgent , the most inescapable of reasons .
And each , was a betrayal of that for which the President who advocated them , claimed to be fighting .
Adams and his party were swept from office , and the Alien and Sedition Acts erased .
Many of the very people Wilson silenced , survived him , and ...
... one of them even ran to succeed him , and got 900 - thousand votes ... though his Presidential campaign was conducted entirely ... from his jail cell .
And Roosevelt 's internment of the Japanese was not merely the worst blight on his record , but it would necessitate a formal apology from the government of the United States , to the citizens of the United States , whose lives it ruined .
The most vital ... the most urgent ... the most inescapable of reasons .
In times of fright , we have been , only human .
We have let Roosevelt 's " fear of fear itself " overtake us .
We have listened to the little voice inside that has said " the wolf is at the door ; this will be temporary ; this will be precise ; this too shall pass . "
We have accepted , that the only way to stop the terrorists , is to let the government become just a little bit like the terrorists .
Just the way we once accepted that the only way to stop the Soviets , was to let the government become just a little bit like the Soviets .
Or substitute ... the Japanese .
Or the Germans .
Or the Socialists .
Or the Anarchists .
Or the Immigrants .
Or the British .
Or the Aliens .
The most vital , the most urgent , the most inescapable of reasons .
And , always , always ... wrong .
" With the distance of history , the questions will be narrowed and few : Did this generation of Americans take the threat seriously , and did we do what it takes to defeat that threat ? "
Wise words .
And ironic ones , Mr. Bush .
Your own , of course , yesterday , in signing the Military Commissions Act .
You spoke so much more than you know , Sir .
Sadly -- of course -- the distance of history will recognize that the threat this generation of Americans needed to take seriously ... was you .
We have a long and painful history of ignoring the prophecy attributed to Benjamin Franklin that " those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety , deserve neither liberty nor safety . "
But even within this history , we have not before codified , the poisoning of Habeas Corpus , that wellspring of protection from which all essential liberties flow .
You , sir , have now befouled that spring .
You , sir , have now given us chaos and called it order .
You , sir , have now imposed subjugation and called it freedom .
For the most vital ... the most urgent ... the most inescapable of reasons .
And -- again , Mr. Bush -- all of them , wrong .
We have handed a blank check drawn against our freedom to a man who has said it is unacceptable to compare anything this country has ever done , to anything the terrorists have ever done .
We have handed a blank check drawn against our freedom to a man who has insisted again that " the United States does not torture .
It 's against our laws and it's against our values " and who has said it with a straight face while the pictures from Abu Ghraib Prison and the stories of Waterboarding figuratively fade in and out , around him .
We have handed a blank check drawn against our freedom to a man who may now , if he so decides , declare not merely any non-American citizens " Unlawful Enemy Combatants " and ship them somewhere -- anywhere -- but may now , if he so decides , declare you an " Unlawful Enemy Combatant " and ship you somewhere - anywhere .
And if you think this , hyperbole or hysteria ... ask the newspaper editors when John Adams was President , or the pacifists when Woodrow Wilson was President , or the Japanese at Manzanar when Franklin Roosevelt was President .
And if you somehow think Habeas Corpus has not been suspended for American citizens but only for everybody else , ask yourself this :
If you are pulled off the street tomorrow , and they call you an alien or an undocumented immigrant or an " unlawful enemy combatant " -- exactly how are you going to convince them to give you a court hearing to prove you are not ?
Do you think this Attorney General is going to help you ?
This President now has his blank check .
He lied to get it .
He lied as he received it .
Is there any reason to even hope , he has not lied about how he intends to use it , nor who he intends to use it against ?
" These military commissions will provide a fair trial , " you told us yesterday , Mr. Bush .
" In which the accused are presumed innocent , have access to an attorney , and can hear all the evidence against them . "
' Presumed innocent , ' Mr. Bush ?
The very piece of paper you signed as you said that , allows for the detainees to be abused up to the point just before they sustain " serious mental and physical trauma " in the hope of getting them to incriminate themselves , and may no longer even invoke The Geneva Conventions in their own defense .
' Access to an attorney , ' Mr. Bush ?
Lieutenant Commander Charles Swift said on this program , Sir , and to the Supreme Court , that he was only granted access to his detainee defendant , on the promise that the detainee would plead guilty .
' Hearing all the evidence , ' Mr. Bush ?
The Military Commissions act specifically permits the introduction of classified evidence not made available to the defense .
Your words are lies , Sir .
They are lies , that imperil us all .
" One of the terrorists believed to have planned the 9/11 attacks , " ... you told us yesterday ... " said he hoped the attacks would be the beginning of the end of America . "
That terrorist , sir , could only hope .
Not his actions , nor the actions of a ceaseless line of terrorists ( real or imagined ) , could measure up to what you have wrought .
Habeas Corpus ?
Gone .
The Geneva Conventions ?
Optional .
The Moral Force we shined outwards to the world as an eternal beacon , and inwards at ourselves as an eternal protection ?
Snuffed out .
These things you have done , Mr. Bush ... they would be " the beginning of the end of America . "
And did it even occur to you once sir -- somewhere in amidst those eight separate , gruesome , intentional , terroristic invocations of the horrors of 9/11 -- that with only a little further shift in this world we now know -- just a touch more repudiation of all of that for which our patriots died ---
Did it ever occur to you once , that in just 27 months and two days from now when you leave office , some irresponsible future President and a " competent tribunal " of lackeys would be entitled , by the actions of your own hand , to declare the status of " Unlawful Enemy Combatant " for ... and convene a Military Commission to try ... not John Walker Lindh , but George Walker Bush ?
For the most vital , the most urgent , the most inescapable of reasons .
And doubtless , sir , all of them -- as always -- wrong .
Joe Scarborough is next .
Good night , and good luck .
DRIVING TOWARDS UTOPIA , SKIDDING ON ICE :
Unfortunately , if you want to get a policy changed , it ’s not enough to persuade governments that it will have a net negative impact on the country .
You also have to convince that them there is a policy that will also meet their aims — here it ’s reducing carbon emissions — to compensate them for having to abandon their destructive approach .
In this case there is an alternative policy .
It is to improve the efficiency of the internal combustion engine so that it releases fewer carbon emissions into the atmosphere .
It ’s a very simple and practical approach to solving a difficult problem .
It does not require the building of any infrastructure , let alone a massive one , in order to work effectively .
For that and other reasons , it does n’t constitute a heavy increase in expenditures by governments and consumers .
It ’s already being accomplished by the research departments of automobile companies which have transformed conventional cars to an astounding extent since the 1960s .
How effective might this approach be in reducing carbon emissions ?
Professor Kalghatgi estimates that a 5 percent reduction in fuel consumption by ICE vehicles would obtain a larger reduction in carbon emissions than the massive switch to electric cars with all its attendant infrastructure costs .
That alone would be a massive prize .
But he also believes that a reduction much larger than 5 percent in fuel consumption by ICEVs could be obtained through such methods as “ better combustion , control and after - treatment systems along with partial electrification and reductions in weight . ”
The snag is that though these innovations are being pursued now , how long is that likely to continue if the U.K. government instructs car manufacturers that they must stop selling their product in ten years ?
What incentive is there for companies to maintain large R&D expenditures when they are officially told that these innovations , even if successful , will reduce carbon emissions and make other improvements in their automobiles for only a short period before production is halted altogether ?
Deuteronomy Trivia Question :
Deuteronomy 13
Kill dreamers and prophets whose signs and wonders come true
13:1-5 13:1-5
13:1 If there arise among you a prophet , or a dreamer of dreams , and giveth thee a sign or a wonder ,
If there is a prophet or dreamer among you who gives you a sign or a wonder , Moses continues his instructions to the Israelites , saying ,
13:2
And the sign or the wonder come to pass , whereof he spake unto thee , saying , Let us go after other gods , which thou hast not known , and let us serve them ;
And that sign or wonder comes to pass , and he asks you to follow other gods which you have n't known ,
13:3
Thou shalt not hearken unto the words of that prophet , or that dreamer of dreams : for the LORD your God proveth you , to know whether ye love the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul .
13:4
Ye shall walk after the LORD your God , and fear him , and keep his commandments , and obey his voice , and ye shall serve him , and cleave unto him .
Do n't listen to him .
God has sent him to test you to see whether you love him . [ 1 ]
13:5
And that prophet , or that dreamer of dreams , shall be put to death ; because he hath spoken to turn you away from the LORD your God , which brought you out of the land of Egypt , and redeemed you out of the house of bondage , to thrust thee out of the way which the LORD thy God commanded thee to walk in .
So shalt thou put the evil away from the midst of thee .
And you must kill that prophet or dreamer . [ 2 ]
Kill your family and friends if they try to change your religious beliefs
13:6-11 13:6-11
13:6
If thy brother , the son of thy mother , or thy son , or thy daughter , or the wife of thy bosom , or thy friend , which is as thine own soul , entice thee secretly , saying , Let us go and serve other gods , which thou hast not known , thou , nor thy fathers ; 13:7 Namely , of the gods of the people which are round about you , nigh unto thee , or far off from thee , from the one end of the earth even unto the other end of the earth ;
If your brother , son , daughter , wife , or friend asks you to serve another god , one which you have n't known ,
13:8
Thou shalt not consent unto him , nor hearken unto him ; neither shall thine eye pity him , neither shalt thou spare , neither shalt thou conceal him :
Do n't agree with him , Or pity , or spare , or conceal him .
13:9
But thou shalt surely kill him ; thine hand shall be first upon him to put him to death , and afterwards the hand of all the people .
Rather , you must kill him . [ 3 ]
Your hand must be the first to strike him , and then the rest of the people .
13:10 And thou shalt stone him with stones , that he die ; because he hath sought to thrust thee away from the LORD thy God , which brought thee out of the land of Egypt , from the house of bondage .
You must stone him with stones until he is dead .
13:11 And all Israel shall hear , and fear , and shall do no more any such wickedness as this is among you .
So that everyone will hear and fear , and there will be no more wickedness among you .
If a city has people who believe in other gods , kill everyone in that city
13:12-18 13:12-18
13:12 If thou shalt hear say in one of thy cities , which the LORD thy God hath given thee to dwell there , saying , 13:13 Certain men , the children of Belial , are gone out from among you , and have withdrawn the inhabitants of their city , saying , Let us go and serve other gods , which ye have not known ; 13:14
Then shalt thou enquire , and make search , and ask diligently ; and , behold , if it be truth , and the thing certain , that such abomination is wrought among you ;
If you hear of a city where people say , " Let 's serve other gods " , gods that you have n't known , investigate to see if it is true .
13:15 Thou shalt surely smite the inhabitants of that city with the edge of the sword , destroying it utterly , and all that is therein , and the cattle thereof , with the edge of the sword .
If you find that it is true , kill everyone in the city ( even the cattle ) and burn it down . [ 4 ]
13:16 And thou shalt gather all the spoil of it into the midst of the street thereof , and shalt burn with fire the city , and all the spoil thereof every whit , for the LORD thy God : and it shall be an heap for ever ; it shall not be built again .
13:17 And there shall cleave nought of the cursed thing to thine hand : that the LORD may turn from the fierceness of his anger , and shew thee mercy , and have compassion upon thee , and multiply thee , as he hath sworn unto thy fathers ; 13:18 When thou shalt hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God , to keep all his commandments which I command thee this day , to do that which is right in the eyes of the LORD thy God .
Due to recent discussions here on LtU and on the Haskell mailing lists I 've compiled a list of links to implementations of monads in various languages .
If you know of any that are n't listed here , please submit them in a comment .
A longer article with side by side comparisons of the implementations would be interesting , and may help students understand monads by separating them from any one syntax or implementation .
IT BEATS the Oscars any day .
For months , markets have been giving odds on who would replace Alan Greenspan when he retires at the end of January after 18 years as the world 's super - banker .
The name that George Bush came up with on Monday October 24th was hardly a surprise : Ben Bernanke , once Princeton professor , recently Federal Reserve governor and currently chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers , was the odds - on favourite .
But it did much to cheer dollar bulls .
Waiting for the news to be made official , the greenback skidded as investors were forced to face Mr Greenspan 's official mortality .
Hearing his successor , it rallied .
Is Mr Bernanke good for the dollar ?
Something certainly is .
The currency has gained more than 10 % this year , hitting a two - year high against the yen last week and a three - month peak against the euro .
This is despite an American current - account deficit even wider than last year 's and apparently reduced enthusiasm among Asian central banks for dollar - denominated assets .
Buttonwood was among those early in the year who expected the dollar to go every which way but up .
How wrong can a columnista be ?
Why did n't the currency behave as she told it to ?
Do n't deficits matter ?
The answer seems to be that they do , but only when relative returns are not compelling and other news looks likely to be gloomy too .
Coming into 2005 , the dollar had been sliding , broadly since 2002 but specifically since the summer of 2004 .
Investors were worried that global economic growth , the highest in 20 years , was set to slow along with America's .
Asian central banks were propping up the US Treasury market , in an attempt to keep their own currencies from appreciating , and the word was that they wanted to diversify away from dollars .
Though the Fed had started raising short - term rates in June 2004 , the difference between the yield on three - month dollars and that on three - month euros was still only 17 basis points ( hundredths of one percent ) in December .
The dollar kept slipping and , with their eyes on America 's mountainous trade and fiscal deficits , a lot of people bet against it , including Warren Buffett .
How different things have been in 2005 , thanks mainly to the widening gap between American interest rates and those of most other big developed countries .
Despite hurricanes , higher oil prices and indeed higher interest rates , America 's economy has grown more strongly than most people expected .
And Mr Greenspan 's
Fed has shown an increasing amount of anti-inflationary zeal : it has raised the federal - funds rate 11 times , to 3.75 % , and is likely to do so again on November 1st .
In the slow - growing euro area , by contrast , the European Central Bank ( ECB ) has left its rate untouched at 2 % for more than two years , while the Bank of Japan is still looking at virtually free short - term money .
So investors have stopped worrying about America 's deficits and started salivating over the returns it offers .
Then there is the vanishing central - bank scare .
Those who feared that Asian central banks would get tired of buying depreciating dollars , causing the currency to collapse and long bond yields to shoot up , have also had to think again .
Though official statistics capture only a fraction of what the banks do with their fast - growing foreign - exchange reserves ( $ 2 trillion higher since 2000 ) , central banks are certainly a shadow of their former selves at Treasury auctions these days .
The dollar has strengthened nonetheless , and ten - year bond yields are only a little higher than a year ago .
Now that dollar bonds look a plausible investment , the central banks that used to buy them to foster their own export - led development have been able to retire , while private investors have stepped up to the plate .
So too , intriguingly , have the oil - exporting countries , whose current - account surpluses — far larger than China 's — cast a long shadow over financial markets these days .
The impact of petrodollars on the ordinary sort is hard to pin down .
Economists at Credit Suisse First Boston , for example , have calculated that for every increase of $ 10 a barrel in oil prices , the daily demand for dollars just to carry out transactions increases by $ 300 m ( though other transactions may be crowded out because energy - consumers do n't have money for both ) .
More important is where the petrodollars end up invested .
Though credible figures are elusive , a fair whack has certainly found a home in dollar - denominated assets , some in corporate bonds and some in short - term paper .
In the longer term , much of it will flow to Europe and Asia — to Germany , for example , which exports the kind of capital equipment the Gulf states need to develop their infrastructure .
For the moment , however , the sharp rise in oil prices this year may well have helped the dollar .
Other circumstances , too , are boosting the greenback .
The Homeland Investment Act offers American firms a tax break if they repatriate foreign earnings held abroad by the end of this fiscal year and use them for vaguely - defined useful things .
After a slow start , more companies are showing interest .
The total brought back is likely to be some $ 200 billion - 300 billion , reckons Thomas Stolper , global market economist at Goldman Sachs , and about a third of it will have to be converted to dollars .
There is probably another $ 30 billion still to come through the foreign - exchange markets .
And another point : China 's mini-revaluation in July made it clear that the dollar had nothing to fear for the moment from a significant Asian realignment .
Handle with care
Yet if all this sounds too Goldilocks to be true , it probably is , for a couple of reasons .
Any big upward movement in the dollar 's exchange rate is probably limited by the perception that there are sellers of dollars out there waiting for right price ( central banks , especially ) .
“ Non-commercial traders ” have longer net positions in dollar futures than almost ever before , on figures from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission — always a bad sign .
As the dollar strengthens , American investors themselves are pouring money into foreign markets , which in time could blunt the greenback 's rise .
Some of Japan 's normally risk - averse investors are stripping off their currency hedges to capture higher yields in America ; they could flee at the slightest sign that the dollar is in trouble or Japan 's economic recovery is finally starting to lift the yen .
And the euro has lost 12 % in value since the beginning of the year .
If the ECB starts raising interest rates in the first half of next year just as the Fed stops , it might gain it back .
So though many on Wall Street have raised their forecasts of where the dollar will be trading three to six months from now , fewer are as sanguine about the outlook in a year 's time .
Much will depend on how Mr Bernanke handles his inheritance and how he is perceived to handle it .
He has received a rare unanimous welcome from economists and politicians and , tellingly , from former students .
But only time will tell whether he is as tough on inflation as his predecessor ( who perhaps talked a better game than he played ) .
He may well find the federal - funds rate at 4.25 % when he takes office : high enough to do damage if the next move is the wrong one .
For now , he has won the prize , and the plaudits .
But he has miles to go before he sleeps .
Send comments on this article to Buttonwood ( Please state whether you are happy for your comments to be published )
Read more Buttonwood columns at www.economist.com/buttonwood
Tawfiq Musmar takes up his place behind the lost luggage desk at Gaza international airport each morning , checking all is in order at the baggage carousel before wandering off to spend much of the day chatting with the " land hostesses " at the check - in counters .
Not a single flight has landed since Israeli army bulldozers tore up the runway in 2001 at the beginning of the Palestinian uprising , and Mr Musmar wonders how long he will be paid to do nothing .
" There were lots of flights to all the Arab capitals , even Moscow , " he said .
" Now we get paid but these are not real jobs .
Maybe now the jobs are going to disappear like the planes . "
For five years the Gaza airport staff have collected their salaries from the Palestinian Authority , not because they earned them but because so many other people depend on the money to survive .
Mr Musmar , 43 , earns about £ 250 a month from which he supports his parents and children .
At the check - in desk , Reem Nisreen is paid about £ 140 a month which pays the rent and feeds her unemployed husband , two children and members of her extended family .
The wages of every one of the PA 's 152,000 workers are paid in part from about $ 1bn ( £ 573 m ) a year in foreign aid .
European and American donors long ago accepted that while they were subsidising many real jobs , such as medical staff and teachers , they were also paying for what amounted to work - for - welfare .
Those wages came to be a crucial part of an economy that has contracted by one - third through the intifada .
As first Washington and then Brussels this week froze aid to the PA after Hamas took power , the dependence of the whole economy on western handouts has been thrown into sharp relief .
The question for both the EU and the US is how to keep the salaries flowing without funding what they regard as a terrorist administration .
The new Hamas government is already grappling to find $ 120 m for salaries that should have been paid at the beginning of the month after inheriting a deep financial crisis from the previous administration .
Poorest areas
Foreign donors say they wo n't let Palestinians starve , although Dov Weisglass , an adviser to the Israeli prime minister , said Israel has withheld tax revenues due to the PA " to put the Palestinians on a diet " .
But there will be no foreign funds to the administration until Hamas recognises Israel and formally renounces violence .
The UN calculates that one PA salary supports seven people - more than 1 million in total , or one in four residents of the occupied territories .
" PA salaries are the most important component in the Palestinian economy because the rest of the economy has declined so much , " said David Shearer , head of the UN 's humanitarian assistance office .
" In addition , PA salaries are the most important in the poorest areas of the West Bank and Gaza .
In Gaza , 37 % of working people are working for the PA . "
Nearly half of the PA 's employees are in its various security forces .
Mr Shearer says that raises the prospect of about 73,000 men with guns looking for alternative ways of making money .
" If they do n't get paid , what we 're really worried about is that while there are a good number who are well - trained and professional , there is also a large proportion that are not , but they 're armed .
What we fear is an increase in insecurity and criminality and the use of arms to demand jobs , " he said .
Among those wondering how long the money will keep coming is Amjad Yusuf , 20 , a police officer who has been on the force for three years .
His 1,540 shekels ( £ 192 ) a month salary supports 10 people .
Nearly half goes to pay the rent and the family is two months behind .
He has not been paid on time for three months .
" We 're all afraid , not just me , everyone in the force .
No one has told us anything but we are worried about where the money is coming from . "
Diplomats do not expect the donors to allow the PA to collapse ; too much money has been invested in its creation as a step towards a Palestinian state .
The EU and US say they will continue to fund basic humanitarian needs , such as water , food and education , while not dealing with Palestinian government ministries .
But they have yet to work out a way to pay about 39,000 people working in education and 11,000 in health as well as keeping open hospitals and schools heavily dependent on aid .
The Palestinian health ministry relies on foreign money for about half of its budget .
Juma 'a al - Saqa , a director of Gaza City 's Shifa hospital , said without it there would be no staff , drugs or operations .
" Shifa depends on aid .
We could n't continue to function without it .
It pays for drugs , instruments , medical supplies .
It pays the salaries , " he said .
The hospital has about 1,400 workers , with nurses earning £ 200 to £ 350 a month , paid through the PA .
Mr Shearer said clinics and hospitals would only stay open by charging .
Funnelling aid
The EU is searching for ways around the problem , including funnelling aid through some Arab governments or setting up a trust using the World Bank .
The British government has sounded out some UK charities on their willingness to take over aid delivery in areas where the EU can no longer work .
The UN has warned that foreign aid organisations will not be able to pick up the slack and that if there is a shortfall , international law requires Israel , as the occupying power , to provide basic services for the Palestinians .
" Humanitarian assistance can put food in people 's mouths , " Mr Shearer said .
" But it can not run a health or education system that people have come to rely on .
Quite simply , by cutting off money to the PA , people will suffer . "
2 February 2006
These cartoons are from a site which has gone down since January 31 , 2006 :
http://www.newspaperindex.com/blog/2005/12/10/un-to-investigate-jyllands-posten-racism/
あるいは、両端の矢印＋スクロールボックスからなる、現在主流のスクロールバーへの進化の道筋…というような話。
※ 2017-01 - 25 : ContrAlto という ALTO シミュレーターと現存する当時のディスクパックの内容を保持したディスクイメージを使うことで、ジョブズらが見たのに非常に近い
GUI の様子がほぼ再現できるようになったので、図や内容を改訂しました。
このブログにおいては今さら言うまでもないことですが、Mac の GUI （より正確には、その前身となる Lisa の GUI ）は、完全なオリジナルというわけではなく、ALTO を暫定ダイナブックたらしめた Smalltalk の GUI を “ たたき 台 ” にして再デザインされたものです。その具体的なところは長らく謎だったのですが、近年、ビル・アトキンソンがいくつかの場所で公開した、Lisa の開発初期のプロトタイプのポラロイド写真により、その一部が明らかにされました。おおざっぱには、３ボタンだった
ALTO ＋Smalltalk での GUI 操作をワンボタンで可能にするためのアレンジメント（もちろん、それ＋α）が
Lisa ・Mac の GUI の特徴 （ALTO ＋Smalltalk との違い）だと言えそうです 。
たとえばウインドウの GUI デザイン（主にタイトルバーのウィジェット）についてなら、ALTO＋Smalltalk（＝暫定ダイナブック）でマウスの第三ボタンに割り当てられていたウインドウ操作のためのポップアップメニュー（次図）の役割をウインドウに直に、その機能をアイコンで示しつつ組み込んだのが
Lisa ・Mac の GUI だと説明できます 。
International standard paper sizes
by Markus Kuhn
Standard paper sizes like ISO A4 are widely used all over the world today .
This text explains the ISO 216 paper size system and the ideas behind its design .
The ISO paper size concept
In the ISO paper size system , the height - to - width ratio of all pages is the square root of two ( 1.4142 : 1 ) .
In other words , the width and the height of a page relate to each other like the side and the diagonal of a square .
This aspect ratio is especially convenient for a paper size .
If you put two such pages next to each other , or equivalently cut one parallel to its shorter side into two equal pieces , then the resulting page will have again the same width / height ratio .
The ISO paper sizes are based on the metric system .
The square - root - of - two ratio does not permit both the height and width of the pages to be nicely rounded metric lengths .
Therefore , the area of the pages has been defined to have round metric values .
As paper is usually specified in g/m² , this simplifies calculation of the mass of a document if the format and number of pages are known .
ISO 216 defines the A series of paper sizes based on these simple principles :
The height divided by the width of all formats is the square root of two ( 1.4142 ) .
Format A0 has an area of one square meter .
Format A1 is A0 cut into two equal pieces .
In other words , the height of A1 is the width of A0 and the width of A1 is half the height of A0 .
All smaller A series formats are defined in the same way .
If you cut format A n parallel to its shorter side into two equal pieces of paper , these will have format A( n +1 ) .
parallel to its shorter side into two equal pieces of paper , these will have format A ( +1 ) .
The standardized height and width of the paper formats is a rounded number of millimeters .
For applications where the ISO A series does not provide an adequate format , the B series has been introduced to cover a wider range of paper sizes .
The C series of formats has been defined for envelopes .
The width and height of a B n format are the geometric mean between those of the A n and the next larger A( n − 1 ) format .
For instance , B1 is the geometric mean between A1 and A0 , that means the same magnification factor that scales A1 to B1 also scales B1 to A0 .
format are the geometric mean between those of the A and the next larger A( − 1 ) format .
For instance , B1 is the geometric mean between A1 and A0 , that means the same magnification factor that scales A1 to B1 also scales B1 to A0 .
Similarly , the formats of the C series are the geometric mean between the A and B series formats with the same number .
For example , an ( unfolded ) A4 size letter fits nicely into a C4 envelope , which in turn fits as nicely into a B4 envelope .
If you fold this letter once to A5 format , then it will fit nicely into a C5 envelope .
B and C formats naturally are also square - root - of - two formats .
Note :
The geometric mean of two numbers x and y is the square root of their product , ( xy ) 1/2 , whereas their arithmetic mean is half their sum , ( x + y ) / 2 .
For example , the geometric mean of the numbers 2 and 8 is 4 ( because 4/2 = 8/4 ) , whereas their arithmetic mean is 5 ( because 5 −2 = 8−5 ) .
The arithmetic mean is half - way between two numbers by addition , whereas the geometric mean is half - way between two numbers by multiplication .
By the way : The Japanese JIS P 0138 - 61 standard defines the same A series as ISO 216 , but a slightly different B series of paper sizes , sometimes called the JIS B or JB series .
JIS B0 has an area of 1.5 m² , such that the area of JIS B pages is the arithmetic mean of the area of the A series pages with the same and the next higher number , and not as in the ISO B series the geometric mean .
For example , JB3 is 364 × 515 , JB4 is 257 × 364 , and JB5 is 182 × 257 mm .
Using the JIS B series should be avoided .
It introduces additional magnification factors and is not an international standard .
The following table shows the width and height of all ISO A and B paper formats , as well as the ISO C envelope formats .
The dimensions are in millimeters :
A Series Formats B Series Formats C Series Formats 4A0 1682 × 2378 – – – – 2A0 1189 × 1682 – – – – A0 841 × 1189 B0 1000 × 1414 C0 917 × 1297 A1 594 × 841 B1 707 × 1000 C1 648 × 917 A2 420 × 594 B2 500 × 707 C2 458 × 648 A3 297 × 420 B3 353 × 500 C3 324 × 458 A4 210 × 297 B4 250 × 353 C4 229 × 324 A5 148 × 210 B5 176 × 250 C5 162 × 229 A6 105 × 148 B6 125 × 176 C6 114 × 162 A7 74 × 105 B7 88 × 125 C7 81 × 114 A8 52 × 74 B8 62 × 88 C8 57 × 81 A9 37 × 52 B9 44 × 62 C9 40 × 57 A10 26 × 37 B10 31 × 44 C10 28 × 40
The allowed tolerances are ± 1.5 mm for dimensions up to 150 mm , ± 2 mm for dimensions above 150 mm up to 600 mm , and ±3 mm for dimensions above 600 mm .
Some national equivalents of ISO 216 specify tighter tolerances , for instance DIN 476 requires ± 1 mm , ± 1.5 mm , and ±2 mm respectively for the same ranges of dimensions .
Application examples
The ISO standard paper size system covers a wide range of formats , but not all of them are widely used in practice .
Among all formats , A4 is clearly the most important one for daily office use .
Some main applications of the most popular formats can be summarized as :
A0 , A1 technical drawings , posters A1 , A2 flip charts A2 , A3 drawings , diagrams , large tables A4 letters , magazines , forms , catalogs , laser printer and copying machine output A5 note pads A6 postcards B5 , A5 , B6 , A6 books C4 , C5 , C6 envelopes for A4 letters : unfolded ( C4 ) , folded once ( C5 ) , folded twice ( C6 ) B4 , A3 newspapers , supported by most copying machines in addition to A4 B8 , A8 playing cards
The main advantage of the ISO standard paper sizes becomes obvious for users of copying machines :
Example 1 :
You are in a library and want to copy an article out of a journal that has A4 format .
In order to save paper , you want copy two journal pages onto each sheet of A4 paper .
If you open the journal , the two A4 pages that you will now see together have A3 format .
By setting the magnification factor on the copying machine to 71 % ( that is sqrt ( 0.5 ) ) , or by pressing the A3 → A4 button that is available on most copying machines , both A4 pages of the journal article together will fill exactly the A4 page produced by the copying machine .
One reproduced A4 page will now have A5 format .
No wasted paper margins appear , no text has been cut off , and no experiments for finding the appropriate magnification factor are necessary .
The same principle works for books in B5 or A5 format .
Copying machines designed for ISO paper sizes usually provide special keys for the following frequently needed magnification factors :
71 % sqrt( 0.5 ) A3 → A4 84 % sqrt( sqrt ( 0.5 ) ) B4 → A4 119 % sqrt( sqrt ( 2 ) ) A4 → B4 ( also B5 → A4 ) 141 % sqrt(2 ) A4 → A3 ( also A5 → A4 )
The magnification factors between all A sizes :
from to A0 A1 A2 A3 A4 A5 A6 A7 A8 A9 A10 A0 100 % 71 % 50 % 35 % 25 % 18 % 12.5 % 8.8 % 6.2 % 4.4 % 3.1 % A1 141 % 100 % 71 % 50 % 35 % 25 % 18 % 12.5 % 8.8 % 6.2 % 4.4 % A2 200 % 141 % 100 % 71 % 50 % 35 % 25 % 18 % 12.5 % 8.8 % 6.2 % A3 283 % 200 % 141 % 100 % 71 % 50 % 35 % 25 % 18 % 12.5 % 8.8 % A4 400 % 283 % 200 % 141 % 100 % 71 % 50 % 35 % 25 % 18 % 12.5 % A5 566 % 400 % 283 % 200 % 141 % 100 % 71 % 50 % 35 % 25 % 18 % A6 800 % 566 % 400 % 283 % 200 % 141 % 100 % 71 % 50 % 35 % 25 % A7 1131 % 800 % 566 % 400 % 283 % 200 % 141 % 100 % 71 % 50 % 35 % A8 1600 % 1131 % 800 % 566 % 400 % 283 % 200 % 141 % 100 % 71 % 50 % A9 2263 % 1600 % 1131 % 800 % 566 % 400 % 283 % 200 % 141 % 100 % 71 % A10 3200 % 2263 % 1600 % 1131 % 800 % 566 % 400 % 283 % 200 % 141 % 100 %
Not only the operation of copying machines in offices and libraries , but also repro photography , microfilming , and printing are simplified by the 1:sqrt ( 2 ) aspect ratio of ISO paper sizes .
Example 2 :
If you prepare a letter , you will have to know the weight of the content in order to determine the postal fee .
This can be very conveniently calculated with the ISO A series paper sizes .
Usual typewriter and laser printer paper weighs 80 g/m² .
An A0 page has an area of 1 m² , and the next smaller A series page has half of this area .
Therefore , the A4 format has an area of 1/16 m² and weighs with the common paper quality 5 g per page .
If we estimate 20 g for a C4 envelope ( including some safety margin ) , then you will be able to put 16 A4 pages into a letter before you reach the 100 g limit for the next higher postal fee .
Calculation of the mass of books , newspapers , or packed paper is equally trivial .
You probably will not need such calculations often , but they nicely show the beauty of the concept of metric paper sizes .
Using standard paper sizes saves money and makes life simpler in many applications .
For example , if all scientific journals used only ISO formats , then libraries would have to buy only very few different sizes for the binders .
Shelves can be designed such that standard formats will fit in exactly without too much wasted shelf volume .
The ISO formats are used for surprisingly many things besides office paper : the German citizen ID card has format A7 , both the European Union and the U.S. (! ) passport have format B7 , and library microfiches have format A6 .
In some countries ( e.g. , Germany ) even many brands of toilet paper have format A6 .
Further details
Calculating the dimensions
The ISO paper sizes are specified in the standard in a table that states their width and height in millimeters .
Following the principles described above , the dimensions could be calculated with the following formulas :
Format Width [ m ]
Height [ m ]
A n 2−1/4− n /2 21/4 − n /2 B n 2 − n /2 21/2− n /2 C n 2−1/8− n /2 23/8− n /
2
However , the actual millimeter dimensions in the standard have been calculated instead by using the above values only at n = 0 , and then progressively dividing these values by two to obtain the smaller sizes , each time rounding the result to the next lower integer number of millimeters ( floor function ) .
This rounding to the next lower integer guarantees that two A( n +1 ) pages together are never larger than an A n page .
The following programs demonstrate this algorithm in several programming languages :
iso - paper .c – C version
iso - paper.py – Python version
Aspect ratios other than sqrt( 2 )
Sometimes , paper formats with a different aspect ratio are required for labels , tickets , and other purposes .
These should preferably be derived by cutting standard series sizes into 3 , 4 , or 8 equal parts , parallel with the shorter side , such that the ratio between the longer and shorter side is greater than the square root of two .
Some example long formats in millimeters are :
1/3 A4 99 × 210 1/4 A4 74 × 210 1/8 A4 37 × 210 1/4 A3 105 × 297 1/3 A5 70 × 148
The 1/3 A4 format ( 99 × 210 mm ) is also commonly applied for reduced letterheads for short notes that contain not much more than a one sentence message and fit without folding into a DL envelope .
Envelope formats
For postal purposes , ISO 269 and DIN 678 define the following envelope formats :
Format Size [ mm ]
Content Format C6 114 × 162 A4 folded twice = A6 DL 110 × 220 A4 folded twice =
1/3 A4 C6/C5 114 × 229 A4 folded twice =
1/3 A4 C5 162 × 229 A4 folded once = A5 C4 229 × 324 A4 C3 324 × 458 A3 B6 125 × 176 C6 envelope B5 176 × 250 C5 envelope B4 250 × 353 C4 envelope E4 280 × 400 B4
The DL format is the most widely used business letter format .
DL probably originally stood for “ DIN lang ” , but ISO 269 now explains this abbreviation instead more diplomatically as “ Dimension Lengthwise ” .
Its size falls somewhat out of the system and equipment manufacturers have complained that it is slightly too small for reliable automatic enveloping .
Therefore , DIN 678 introduced the C6 / C5 format as an alternative for the DL envelope .
Window envelopes , A4 letterheads , folding marks and standard layouts
There exists no international standard yet for window envelopes and matching letterhead layouts .
There are various incompatible national standards , for example :
Germany : DIN 680 specifies that a transparent address window is 90 × 45 mm large and its left edge should be located 20 mm from the left edge of the envelope .
For C6 , DL , and C6 / C5 envelopes , the bottom edge of the window should be 15 mm from the bottom edge of the envelope .
For C4 envelopes , the top edge of the window should be either 27 or 45 mm from the top edge of the envelope .
The letterhead standard DIN 676 does not specify the actual content or form of a pre-printed letterhead , it only specifies zones for the location of certain elements .
The letterhead format specified in DIN 676 has a 85 × 45 mm large address field visible through the window , in which the top 5 mm are reserved for printing in a small font the sender ’s address and the bottom 40 mm are for writing the recipient ’s address .
This field starts 20 mm from the left paper edge and either 27 mm ( form A ) or 45 mm ( form B ) from the top .
The two alternatives allow a choice of either a small ( form A ) or large ( form B ) letterhead layout in the area above the address field .
Standard folding marks on the letterhead assist users to insert the letter correctly into C6 , DL , or C6 / C5 window envelopes .
There is one folding mark ( for C6 ) on the top edge of the page , 148 mm from the left edge .
There are also two folding marks on the left edge of the page , either 105 and 210 mm from the bottom edge ( form A ) or 105 and 210 mm from the top edge ( form B ) .
DIN 680 specifies that a transparent address window is 90 × 45 mm large and its left edge should be located 20 mm from the left edge of the envelope .
For C6 , DL , and C6 / C5 envelopes , the bottom edge of the window should be 15 mm from the bottom edge of the envelope .
For C4 envelopes , the top edge of the window should be either 27 or 45 mm from the top edge of the envelope .
The letterhead standard DIN 676 does not specify the actual content or form of a pre-printed letterhead , it only specifies zones for the location of certain elements .
The letterhead format specified in DIN 676 has a 85 × 45 mm large address field visible through the window , in which the top 5 mm are reserved for printing in a small font the sender ’s address and the bottom 40 mm are for writing the recipient ’s address .
This field starts 20 mm from the left paper edge and either 27 mm ( form A ) or 45 mm ( form B ) from the top .
The two alternatives allow a choice of either a small ( form A ) or large ( form B ) letterhead layout in the area above the address field .
Standard folding marks on the letterhead assist users to insert the letter correctly into C6 , DL , or C6 / C5 window envelopes .
There is one folding mark ( for C6 ) on the top edge of the page , 148 mm from the left edge .
There are also two folding marks on the left edge of the page , either 105 and 210 mm from the bottom edge ( form A ) or 105 and 210 mm from the top edge ( form B ) .
United Kingdom : BS 4264 specifies that the transparent window on a DL envelope should be 93 × 39 mm large .
Its top - left corner should be located 20 mm from the left margin and 53 mm from the top margin of the envelope .
BS 1808 specifies an 80 × 30 mm large address panel on the letterhead .
Its top - left corner is located 20 mm from the left margin and 51 mm from the top margin of the page .
The address panel is embedded inside a 91 × 48 mm large exclusion zone whose top left corner is located 20 mm from the left margin and 42 mm from the top margin of the page .
In other words , the area 9 mm above and below and 11 mm right of the address panel should be kept clean of any other printing .
BS 4264 specifies that the transparent window on a DL envelope should be 93 × 39 mm large .
Its top - left corner should be located 20 mm from the left margin and 53 mm from the top margin of the envelope .
BS 1808 specifies an 80 × 30 mm large address panel on the letterhead .
Its top - left corner is located 20 mm from the left margin and 51 mm from the top margin of the page .
The address panel is embedded inside a 91 × 48 mm large exclusion zone whose top left corner is located 20 mm from the left margin and 42 mm from the top margin of the page .
In other words , the area 9 mm above and below and 11 mm right of the address panel should be kept clean of any other printing .
Switzerland :
The envelope window is 100 × 45 mm large and located 12 mm either from the left or the right edge .
The distance to the top edge is 48 mm ( for C6 and C5 / C6 ) or 52 mm ( for C5 ) .
The SNV 010130 letterhead format places the recipient ’s address into a 90 × 40 mm large field 45 mm from the top and 8 mm from the right edge of the A4 page .
[ from : H.R. Bosshard , 1980 , ISBN 3-85584-010-5 ]
The envelope window is 100 × 45 mm large and located 12 mm either from the left or the right edge .
The distance to the top edge is 48 mm ( for C6 and C5 / C6 ) or 52 mm ( for C5 ) .
The SNV 010130 letterhead format places the recipient ’s address into a 90 × 40 mm large field 45 mm from the top and 8 mm from the right edge of the A4 page .
[ from : H.R. Bosshard , 1980 , ISBN 3-85584-010-5 ]
Finland : SFS 2488:1994 specifies that for E series envelopes the size of the window is 90 × 30 mm and for the C series 95 × 35 mm .
In either case , the left margin is 18 mm and the top margin 40 mm .
SFS 2487:2000 ( “ Layout of document text area ” ) and SFS 2486:1999 ( “ Forms Layout ” ) specify that the area for the recipient ’s address is 76.2 × 25.4 mm , located 20 mm from the left , and 10±1 mm plus 25.4 mm from the top ( the 25.4 mm are for the sender ’s information ) .
According to ISO 11180 and Universal Postal Union standards , an international postal address should be not longer than 6 lines with up to 30 characters each .
This requires a maximum area of 76.2 × 38.1 mm with the commonly used typewriter character width of 2.54 mm ( 1/10 " ) and a baseline distance of 6.35 mm ( 1/4 " ) .
The Universal Postal Union Letter Post Regulations specify a standard position of the address on the envelope , which is within 140 mm from the right edge , at least 40 mm from the top edge , and is surrounded by at least 15 mm unprinted envelope to the left , right and below of the address text .
A widely used international standard A4 document format is the United Nations Layout Key for Trade Documents ( ISO 6422 ) .
Folding larger pages to A4 for filing
DIN 824 describes a method of folding A0 , A1 , etc. pages to A4 format for filing .
This clever technique ensures that there remains a 20 mm single - layer margin for filing holes , that the page can be unfolded and folded again without being removed from the file , and that the label field at the bottom - left corner of technical drawings ends up in correct orientation on top of the folded page in the file .
Folder and file sizes
ISO 623 specifies the sizes of folders and files intended to receive either A4 sheets or simple folders ( without back ) that are not designed for any particular filing system or cabinet .
The sizes specified are those of the overall rectangular surface when the folders or files are folded , exclusive any margin or tabs .
Simple folders without back or mechanism are 220 × 315 mm large .
Folders and files with a very small back ( less than 25 mm ) with or without mechanism are 240 × 320 mm large .
Files with wide back ( exceeding 25 mm ) are 250 × 320 mm ( without a mechanism ) or 290 × 320 mm if they include a mechanism .
All these are maximum dimensions .
Standardizing folder and file sizes helps to optimize shelf designs and provides a uniform look and handling even if folders from various manufacturers are used .
Filing holes
ISO 838 specifies that , for filing purposes , two holes of 6±0.5 mm diameter can be punched into the sheets .
The centers of the two holes are 80±0.5 mm apart and have a distance of 12±1 mm to the nearest edge of the sheet .
The holes are located symmetrically in relation to the axis of the sheet or document .
Any format that is at least as large as A7 can be filed using this system .
Not specified in ISO 838 , but also widely used , is an upwards compatible 4 - hole system .
Its two middle holes correspond to ISO 838 , plus there are two additional holes located 80 mm above and below these to provide for more stability .
This way , sheets with four punched holes can also be filed in ISO 838 2 - hole binders .
This system is also known under the nickname " 888 " , presumably because the three gaps between the holes are all 8 cm wide .
Some hole punches have on their paper guide not only markings for " A4 " , " A5 " , and " A6 " , but also for " 888 " .
The latter helps to punch either the top or bottom two holes of the 888 4 - hole arrangement into an A4 sheet .
Technical drawing pen sizes
Technical drawing pens follow the same size - ratio principle .
The standard sizes differ by a factor sqrt ( 2 ) : 2.00 mm , 1.40 mm , 1.00 mm , 0.70 mm , 0.50 mm , 0.35 mm , 0.25 mm , 0.18 mm , 0.13 mm .
So after drawing with a 0.35 mm pen on A3 paper and reducing it to A4 , you can continue with the 0.25 mm pen .
( ISO 9175 - 1 )
Ruled writing paper
There seems to be no international standard yet for ruled writing paper .
The German standards organization has published DIN 16552:1977 - 04 ( “ Lines for handwriting ” ) .
That system is widely used , at least in Germany , by primary school teachers to specify which school exercise books pupils should use at which stage of learning how to write .
Writing paper with fine gray 5 mm grid lines seems to be very popular in many countries .
Untrimmed paper formats
All A and B series formats described so far are trimmed paper end sizes , i.e. these are the dimensions of the paper delivered to the user or reader .
Other ISO standards define the format series RA and SRA for untrimmed raw paper , where SRA stands for “ supplementary raw format A ” ( “ sekundäres Rohformat A ” ) .
These formats are only slightly larger than the corresponding A series formats .
Sheets in these formats will be cut to the end format after binding .
The ISO RA0 format has an area of 1.05 m² and the ISO SRA0 format has an area of 1.15 m² .
These formats also follow the sqrt ( 2 ) - ratio and half - area rule , but the dimensions of the start format have been rounded to the full centimeter .
The common untrimmed paper formats that printers order from the paper manufacturers are
RA Series Formats SRA Series Formats RA0 860 × 1220 SRA0 900 × 1280 RA1 610 × 860 SRA1 640 × 900 RA2 430 × 610 SRA2 450 × 640 RA3 305 × 430 SRA3 320 × 450 RA4 215 × 305 SRA4 225 × 320
The RA and SRA dimensions are also used as roll widths in rotating printing presses .
Overhead projectors
When you prepare overhead projector slides for a conference , you might wonder , how large the picture area of the projector that you will have available is .
ISO 7943 - 1 specifies two standard sizes of overhead projector picture areas : Type A is 250 × 250 mm ( corners rounded with a radius less than 60 mm ) and Type B is 285 × 285 mm ( corners rounded with a radius less than 40 mm or cut off diagonally no more than 40 mm ) .
Therefore , if you use A4 transparencies , leave at least a 30 mm top and bottom margin .
Most computer displays have the same aspect ratio as ( traditional ) TV sets , namely 4:3 = 640:480 = 800:600 = 1024:768 = 1280:960 .
If you prepare presentation slides , I recommend that you arrange your layout inside a 280 × 210 mm field and make sure that you leave at least 20 mm margin on the left and right side .
This way , you plan for the aspect ratio of a TV / VGA projector and ensure at the same time that you can print on A4 transparencies such that every standard overhead projector will show all parts of your slides .
Identification cards
ISO 7810 specifies three formats for identification cards :
ID - 1 = 85.60 × 53.98 mm ( = 3.370 × 2.125 in )
ID - 2 = 105 × 74 mm (= A7 )
ID - 3 = 125 × 88 mm (= B7 )
ID - 1 is the common format for banking cards ( 0.76 mm thick ) and is also widely used for business cards and driver ’s licences .
Some people prefer A8 ( 74 × 52 mm ) for business cards .
The standard passport format is B7 ( = ID - 3 ) , the German ID card has A7 ( = ID - 2 ) format and the European Union driver ’s licence is an ID - 1 card .
History of the ISO paper formats
One of the oldest written records regarding the sqrt ( 2 ) aspect ratio for paper sizes is a letter that the physics professor Georg Christoph Lichtenberg ( University of Göttingen , Germany , 1742 - 1799 ) wrote 1786 - 10 - 25 to Johann Beckmann .
In it , Lichtenberg explains the practical and aesthetic advantages of the sqrt ( 2 ) aspect ratio , and of his discovery that paper with that aspect ratio was commonly available at the time .
( There are also suggestions that the task to find a paper format that is similar to itself after being cut in half appeared as a question in mathematics exams as early as 1755 . )
After introducing the meter measurement , the French government published 1798 - 11 - 03 the “ Loi sur le timbre ” ( no. 2136 ) , a law on the taxation of paper that defined several formats that already correspond exactly to the modern ISO paper sizes : “ Grand registre ” = ISO A2 , “ grand papier ” = ISO B3 , “ moyen papier ” = ISO A3 , “ petit papier ” = ISO B4 , “ demi feuille ” = ISO B5 , “ effets de commerce ” = ISO 1/2 B5 .
The French format series never became widely known and was quickly forgotten again .
The A , B , and C series paper formats , which are based on the exact same design principles , were completely independently reinvented over a hundred years after the “ Loi sur le timbre ” in Germany by Dr. Walter Porstmann .
They were adopted as the German standard DIN 476 in 1922 as a replacement for the vast variety of other paper formats that had been used before , in order to make paper stocking and document reproduction cheaper and more efficient .
( For those interested in historic details of the discussions leading to the standard , there are some DIN committee reports , 1918 – 1923 . )
Porstmann ’s DIN paper - format concept was convincing , and soon introduced as a national standard in many other countries , for example , Belgium ( 1924 ) , Netherlands ( 1925 ) , Norway ( 1926 ) , Switzerland ( 1929 ) , Sweden ( 1930 ) , Soviet Union ( 1934 ) , Hungary ( 1938 ) , Italy ( 1939 ) , Uruguay ( 1942 ) , Argentina ( 1943 ) , Brazil ( 1943 ) , Spain ( 1947 ) , Austria ( 1948 ) , Romania ( 1949 ) , Japan ( 1951 ) , Denmark ( 1953 ) , Czechoslovakia ( 1953 ) , Israel ( 1954 ) , Portugal ( 1954 ) , Yugoslavia ( 1956 ) , India ( 1957 ) , Poland ( 1957 ) , United Kingdom ( 1959 ) , Venezuela ( 1962 ) , New Zealand ( 1963 ) , Iceland ( 1964 ) , Mexico ( 1965 ) , South Africa ( 1966 ) , France ( 1967 ) , Peru ( 1967 ) , Turkey ( 1967 ) , Chile ( 1968 ) , Greece ( 1970 ) , Simbabwe ( 1970 ) , Singapur ( 1970 ) , Bangladesh ( 1972 ) , Thailand ( 1973 ) , Barbados ( 1973 ) , Australia ( 1974 ) , Ecuador ( 1974 ) , Columbia ( 1975 ) and Kuwait ( 1975 ) .
It finally became both an international standard ( ISO 216 ) as well as the official United Nations document format in 1975 and it is today used in almost all countries on this planet , with the exception of North America .
In 1977 , a large German car manufacturer performed a study of the paper formats found in their incoming mail and concluded that out of 148 examined countries , 88 already used the A series formats then .
[ Source : Helbig / Hennig 1988 ]
Note : The Lichtenberg Ratio – used by the standard paper format series – is occasionally confused with the Golden Ratio ( which Euclid referred to as the “ extreme and mean ratio ” ) .
The Lichtenberg Ratio is defined by the equation a /b = 2b/ a = sqrt ( 2 ) , whereas the Golden Ratio is defined by a /b = ( a+b ) / a = b /( a−b ) = ( 1 + sqrt ( 5 ) ) / 2 .
While aesthetically pleasing properties have been attributed to both , the Lichtenberg Ratio has the advantage of preserving the aspect ratio when cutting a page into two .
The Golden Ratio , on the other hand , preserves the aspect ratio when cutting a maximal square from the paper , a property that seems not particularly useful for office applications .
The Golden Ratio was for a while a more fashionable topic in the antique and renaissance arts literature and it has a close connection to the Fibonacci sequence in mathematics .
Hints for North American paper users
The United States , Canada , and in part Mexico , are today the only industrialized nations in which the ISO standard paper sizes are not yet widely used .
In U.S. office applications , the paper formats “ Letter ” ( 216 × 279 mm ) , “ Legal ” ( 216 × 356 mm ) , “ Executive ” ( 190 × 254 mm ) , and “ Ledger / Tabloid ” ( 279 × 432 mm ) are widely used today .
There exists also an American National Standard ANSI / ASME Y14.1 for technical drawing paper sizes A ( 216 × 279 mm ) , B ( 279 × 432 mm ) , C ( 432 × 559 mm ) , D ( 559 × 864 mm ) , E ( 864 × 1118 mm ) , and there are many other unsystematic formats for various applications in use .
The “ Letter ” , “ Legal ” , “ Tabloid ” , and other formats ( although not these names ) are defined in the American National Standard ANSI X3.151-1987 .
While all ISO paper formats have consistently the same aspect ratio of sqrt ( 2 ) = 1.414 , the U.S. format series has two different alternating aspect ratios 17/11 = 1.545 and 22/17 = 1.294 .
Therefore , you cannot reduce or magnify from one U.S. format to the next higher or lower without leaving an empty margin , which is rather inconvenient .
American National Standard ANSI / ASME Y14.1 m-1995 specifies how to use the ISO A0 − A4 formats for technical drawings in the U.S. Technical drawings usually have a fixed drawing scale ( e.g. , 1:100 means that one meter is drawn as one centimeter ) , therefore it is not easily possible to resize technical drawings between U.S. and standard paper formats .
As a result , internationally operating U.S. corporations increasingly find it more convenient to abandon the old ANSI Y14.1 formats and prepare technical drawings for ISO paper sizes , like the rest of the world does .
The historic origins of the 216 × 279 mm U.S. Letter format , and in particular its rationale , seem rather obscure .
The earliest documented attempts to standardize U.S. paper format used a completely different format .
On 1921 - 03 - 28 , the U.S. Secretary of Commerce ( Hoover ) declared a 203 × 267 mm format to be the standard for his department , which was adopted on 1921 - 09 - 14 by the Permanent Conference on Printing ( established by General Dawes , first director of the Bureau of the Budget ) as the general U.S. government letterhead standard .
Independent of that , on 1921 - 08 - 30 a Committee on the Simplification of Paper Sizes consisting of printing industry representatives was appointed to work with the Bureau of Standards .
It recommended standard basic sizes of 432 × 559 mm ( 17 × 22 in ) , 432 × 711 mm ( 17 × 28 in ) , 483 × 610 mm ( 19 × 24 in ) , 559 × 864 mm ( 22 × 34 in ) , 711 × 864 mm ( 28 × 34 in ) , and 610 × 914 mm ( 24 × 36 in ) .
What became later known as the U.S. Letter format is just the first of these basic sizes halved .
One hypothesis for the origin of this format series is that it was derived from a then typical mold size used then in the production of hand - made paper .
“ It does not appear , even in the selection of 8 1/2 × 11 inch size paper , that any special analysis was made to prove that this provided an optimum size for a commercial letterhead ” [ Dunn , 1972 . ] .
It appears that this standard was just a commercial compromise at the time to reduce inventory requirements without requiring significant changes to existing production equipment .
The Hoover standard remained in force until the government declared in 1980 - 01 the 216 × 279 mm format to be the new official paper format for U.S. government offices .
The Canadian standard CAN 2-9.60M “ Paper Sizes for Correspondence ” defines the six formats P1 ( 560 × 860 mm ) , P2 ( 430 × 560 mm ) , P3 ( 280 × 430 mm ) , P4 ( 215 × 280 mm ) , P5 ( 140 × 215 mm ) , and P6 ( 107 × 140 mm ) .
These are just the U.S. sizes rounded to the nearest half centimeter ( P4 ~ U.S. Letter , P3 ~ U.S. Ledger ) .
This Canadian standard was introduced in 1976 , even though the Ontario Government already had introduced the ISO A series formats before in 1972 .
Even though these Canadian paper sizes look somewhat like a pseudo - metric standard , they still suffer from the two major inconveniences of the U.S. formats , namely they have no common height / width ratio and they differ significantly from what the rest of the world uses .
Note :
It was proposed for an early draft of ISO 216 to recommended the special size 210 × 280 mm ( a format sometimes called PA4 ) as an interim measure for countries that use 215 × 280 mm paper and have not yet adopted the ISO A series .
Some magazines and other print products that have to be printed economically on both A4 and U.S. Letter presses use the PA4 format today .
Incidentally , this PA4 format has a width / height ratio of 3:4 , the same as traditional TV screens and most computer monitors and video modes .
Both the “ Letter ” and “ Legal ” format could easily be replaced by A4 , “ Executive ” ( if it is really needed ) by B5 , and “ Ledger / Tabloid ” by A3 .
Similarly , the A–E formats can be replaced by A4–A0 .
It can be hoped and expected that with the continuing introduction of the metric system in the United States , the ISO paper formats will eventually replace non-standard paper formats also in North America .
Conversion to A4 as the common business letter and document format in North America would not be too difficult , as practically all modern software , copying machines , and laser printers sold today in the U.S. already support A4 paper as a standard feature .
Users of photocopiers outside the U.S. and Canada usually take it for granted that the machine is able to enlarge A4 → A3 or reduce A3 → A4 , the two paper formats usually kept in machines with two paper trays .
When they use a copier in North America , it often comes as a disappointing surprise when they find out that magnifying an entire page is not a function available there .
The absence of this useful capability is a direct result of the unfortunate design of the U.S. paper formats .
North American copiers usually also have two or more paper trays , but these are mostly used for the two very similar “ Letter ” and “ Legal ” formats , wasting the opportunity of offering a highly useful magnifying capability .
Any enlarging of a “ Letter ” page onto “ Legal ” paper will always chop off margins and is therefore of little use .
The Legal format itself is quite rarely used , the notion that it is for “ legal ” work is a popular myth ; the vast majority of U.S. legal documents are actually using the “ Letter ” format .
Some copiers also offer in addition or instead the next larger “ Ledger ” format , but that again has a different aspect ratio and will therefore change the margins of a document during magnification or reduction .
Based on the experience from the introduction of ISO paper formats in other industrialized countries at various points during the 20th century , it becomes clear that this process needs to be initiated by a political decision to move all government operation to the new paper format system .
History shows that the commercial world then gradually and smoothly adopts the new government standard for office paper within about 10 – 15 years .
It would not be a major operation to do this in the U.S. and Canada as well , especially considering that most standard software and office machines are already prepared for A4 .
However , such a project can succeed only if the national executive has the political will to accomplish this .
The transition period of about a decade is necessary to avoid expensive equipment replacement costs for printers , especially those with older large rotary presses that were not yet designed to be easily retooled for ISO paper sizes .
If you purchase new office or printing equipment in North America , it might be wise to pay attention whether the equipment is suitable for use with A4 paper .
When you make inquiries , best indicate to vendors that ISO 216 compatibility of equipment is of concern to you .
If you live in the U.S. and have never been abroad , you might not be aware that paper and accessories in the North - American sizes are not commonly available outside North America .
They are very difficult to obtain in most other countries and the only practical way to get U.S. “ Letter ” there is to cut one of the next larger available sizes ( usually B4 , A3 or RA4 ) .
Therefore , do not expect anyone to send you documents in “ Letter ” format from abroad .
If you send documents to any other country , your use of A4 will greatly ease the handling and filing of your documents for the recipient .
If you design software that might be used globally , please keep in mind that the vast majority of laser printer users will print onto A4 paper .
Therefore , always make A4 the default setting and the first selection choice in your printing user interface .
Remember that it is the paper format used by about 95 % of the people on this planet .
Due to popular demand , I have prepared an unofficial table with the ISO sizes in inch fractions .
Each listed inch fraction has the smallest denominator that keeps the value within the ISO 216 tolerance limits .
Product designers should use the official millimeter values instead .
There is also a table in PostScript points .
A Series Formats B Series Formats C Series Formats 4A0 66 1/4 × 93 5/8 – – – – 2A0 46 3/4 × 66 1/4 – – – – A0 33 × 46 3/4 B0 39 3/8 × 55 3/4 C0 36 × 51 A1 23 3/8 × 33 B1 27 3/4 × 39 3/8 C1 25 1/2 × 36 A2 16 1/2 × 23 3/8 B2 19 3/4 × 27 3/4 C2 18 × 25 1/2 A3 11 3/4 × 16 1/2 B3 13 7/8 × 19 3/4 C3 12 3/4 × 18 A4 8 1/4 × 11 3/4 B4 9 7/8 × 13 7/8 C4 9 × 12 3/4 A5 5 7/8 × 8 1/4 B5 7 × 9 7/8 C5 6 3/8 × 9 A6 4 1/8 × 5 7/8 B6 4 7/8 × 7 C6 4 1/2 × 6 3/8 A7 2 7/8 × 4 1/8 B7 3 1/2 × 4 7/8 C7 3 3/16 × 4 1/2 A8 2 × 2 7/8 B8 2 1/2 × 3 1/2 C8 2 1/4 × 3 3/16 A9 1 1/2 × 2 B9 1 3/4 × 2 1/2 C9 1 5/8 × 2 1/4 A10 1 × 1 1/2 B10 1 1/4 × 1 3/4 C10 1 1/8 × 1 5/
8
The dominance of the “ Letter ” format instead of ISO A4 as the common laser - printer paper format in North America causes a lot of problems in daily international document exchange with the USA and Canada .
ISO A4 is 6 mm less wide but 18 mm higher than the U.S. “ Letter ” format .
Word processing documents with an A4 layout can often not be printed without loss of information on “ Letter ” paper or require you to reformat the text , which will change the page numbering .
“ Letter ” format documents printed outside North America either show too much white space on the top or bottom of the page or the printer refuses to operate as “ Letter ” format paper has been selected by the software but is not available .
A4 size documents have to be copied or printed with a 94 % magnification factor to fit on the 6 % less tall “ Letter ” paper , and “ Letter ” documents have to be printed with 97 % size to fit on the 3 % less wide A4 format .
Universities in the U.S. increasingly use A4 size paper in laser printers and library copying machines , because most conferences outside North America require papers to be submitted in A4 format and many journals and conference proceedings are printed in A4 format .
The three - hole 108 - mm filing system widely used in the U.S. is not compatible with the two - hole 80 - mm ISO system used in most other countries .
The three - hole system could of course also be used on A4 pages , but many files with a three - hole mechanism are only designed for U.S. “ Letter ” sheets and are not tall enough to reliably protect A4 pages .
Another disadvantage of the three - hole system is that it is not suitable for storing formats smaller than U.S. “ Letter ” .
The U.S. Postal Service standard - size range for first - class or single piece third - class mail weighing up to 28 g includes ISO C6 and DL envelopes .
The U.S. currently use quite a large number of envelope formats .
The U.S. paper industry has managed to come up with a truly bizarre way of specifying the density of paper .
Instead of providing you with the obvious quotient of mass per area ( e.g. , in grams per square meter , ounces per square yard , whatever ) , they specify the total mass M of a ream of N pages of some size X × Y .
This means , you have to know four (! ) values in order to understand how to calculate the ( scalar ) paper density M /( N × X × Y ) .
The problem is that N × X × Y depend on the type of paper , but are rarely stated explicitly .
Example : “ 20 lb paper ” can mean that a reference ream of 500 pages in format 24×36 in has a total mass of 20 pounds .
The particular reference ream size of 24 in × 36 in × 500 pages = 278.70912 m² / ream is often used in news - print applications .
With 453.59237 g/lb and 278.70912 m²/ream , we get a conversion factor of about 1 lb / ream = 1.63 g/m² .
But that factor applies only for the news - print reference ream size 24×36 in , which is by no means universal !
Example : If you look instead at U.S. “ Letter ” office paper , “ 20 lb paper ” means something very different .
Here , the reference ream size is usually 17 in × 22 in × 500 pages = 120.6449 m²/ream , which corresponds to four actual reams .
And so the conversion factor becomes 1 lb / ream = 3.7597 g/m² , meaning that for example 20 lb/ ream = 75.19 g/ m² and 24 lb/ream = 90.23 g/m² .
It is a big pain if you have to do these conversions yourself and you really should complain to paper suppliers who still do not manage to communicate simple g/m² values ( commonly called “ grammage ” in both English and French ) for their products .
Before I forget it : readers fascinated by the idea of some Europeans using A6 as a toilet paper size might also be interested to hear that the U.S. have for the same application field a standard square format of 4.5×4.5 in = 114×114 mm , which is for instance documented in New Jersey Specification No. 7572-01 ( May 1997 ) , section 2.3 .
Below follow some links to various other on - line locations that will help you to enter the ISO paper format world .
Although it is still rarely advertised , ISO A4 laser printer and copying paper , as well as suitable files and folders , are available today from many U.S. office supply companies .
A4 paper and supplies have been regularly ordered in the U.S. for many years , especially by companies and organizations with a lot of international correspondence , including patent lawyers , diplomats , universities , and some government agencies .
Many of the larger stationery chains do offer at least one type of A4 paper in their catalogues .
Often the only type of A4 paper available is a higher - quality brand : the type of paper one might prefer for important documents , such as international patent applications .
The U.S. - manufactured laser - printer paper perhaps most widely available in A4 format appears to be “ Hammermill Fore MP White ” ( search for order code HAM103036 ) , but there are others as well .
If the shop assistant is unfamiliar with “ A4 paper ” , try asking for “ 210 mm × 297 mm ” , “ 8 1/4 in × 11 3/4 in ” , “ international size ” , or “ European size ” paper .
When I first wrote this page in 1996 while I lived in the U.S. , most shops there did not keep A4 paper on stock routinely and might have to order it first .
Many were only able to order entire boxes of 10 reams ( 5000 sheets ) and many shop assistants were unfamiliar with the ISO paper - size system .
I am being told that the situation has improved quite a bit during the last decade and that A4 paper and accessories are now a lot easier to obtain , but are still considered specialty items .
If you still cannot find any supply for A4 paper in your area , then try for example the following vendors in North America , who have confirmed to have A4 paper or related articles on stock for fast delivery :
This is just a small , arbitrary collection of some North American paper vendors that offer ISO format paper or related supplies .
References
This text summarizes and explains the content of the following international standards :
ISO 216:1975 , Writing paper and certain classes of printed matter — Trimmed sizes — A and B series .
ISO 269:1985 , Correspondence envelopes — Designation and sizes .
ISO 623:1974 , Paper and board — Folders and files — Sizes .
ISO 838:1974 , Paper — Holes for general filing purposes — Specifications .
ISO 7943 - 1:1987 , Overhead Projectors — Projection stages — Dimensions
The following standards contain related information but are not covered here completely :
ISO 217:1995 , Paper — Untrimmed sizes —
Designation and tolerances for primary and supplementary ranges , and indication of machine direction .
ISO 328:1974 , Picture postcards and lettercards — Size .
ISO 353:1975 , Processed writing paper and certain classes of printed matter — Method of expression of dimensions .
ISO 416:1974 , Picture postcards — Area reserved for the address .
ISO 478:1974 , Paper — Untrimmed stock sizes for the ISO - A Series — ISO primary range .
ISO 479:1975 , Paper — Untrimmed sizes — Designation and tolerances .
ISO 593:1974 , Paper — Untrimmed stock sizes for the ISO - A Series — ISO supplementary range .
ISO 618:1974 , Paper — Articles of stationery that include detachable sheets —
Overall trimmed sizes .
These standards are available from
International Organization for Standardization
Case postale 56
1 , rue de Varembé
CH -1211 Genève 20
Switzerland
phone : +41 22 749 01 11
fax : +41 22 733 34 30
web : www.iso.org
The most comprehensive source of information about the ISO and North American paper formats and many related standards , as well as their respective histories , is the book
Max Helbig , Winfried Hennig : DIN - Format A4 – Ein Erfolgssystem in Gefahr .
Beuth - Kommentare , Deutsches Institut für Normung , Beuth Verlag , 1988 , 144 pages , ISBN 3-410-11878-0 , ~17 EUR .
DIN also produced a brief German prospectus with information about the history of the DIN paper sizes :
Here are a few more references for those interested in the introduction of ISO paper sizes in North America :
Some related media coverage :
If you have any questions or suggestions about how this text might be improved , please contact me by email , but please do not send me any requests to add links to your own web pages .
I wish to thank for helpful suggestions Gary Brown , Gene Fornario , Don Hillger , Arild Jensen , Joseph B. Reid , Bruce Naylor , Ryan Park , Terry Simpson , Karl Kleine , Jukka Korpela , David Cantrell , Oliver Baptiste , Mark Weyer , Benoit Rittaud , Frank Dabelstein , and others .
Special thanks go also to the German - American Fulbright Commission for the scholarship that allowed me to spend a year at Purdue University , Indiana , where this text was born , along with my interest in U.S. metrication .
You might also be interested in the Metric typographic units and International standard date and time notation web pages , or in the discussions on the USENET group misc.metric - system .
Creative Commons Attribution
4.0 International License .
This work is licensed under a
Markus Kuhn
「 悪のプログラマ 」 [参照 ]で、優れたプログラマが本気で犯罪に手を染めるなら、痕すら残さないゾと書いた。さらに、デバッグとしてのソースレビューだけでなく、犯罪防止のためにコード検閲が必要だとも言った。
ところが、この容疑者はそれほど優れたプログラマではなかったようだ。以下、「NTTデータ元社員が取引記録を不正利用しカード偽造の疑い」[参照]より引用。
NTT データは、2005年10月と2006年2月に発生した偽造ローンカードによる不正キャッシング被害に関連して、同社から仙台銀行のATMでカードを利用した際の取引記録の一部が不正に持ち出されていた可能性があることを発表した。
容疑者の元社員は、システムの運用にあたっていた人物。彼のやりかたのどこがマズかったかを指摘し、「もっと」冴えたやりかたを提案してみる…が、それだけだと教唆になっちゃうので、防止策も。
媒体（ここでは紙）が噛んでいる
誘拐でも横領でも、足がつくのは着服するところ。身代金受渡であれ、現金化するところであれ、たいていの犯罪はここで発覚する。元社員はせっかく暗証番号を含む三点セットを手に入れたにもかかわらず、わざわざ印刷→持ち出したらしい。
オッサンは、なんでもとりあえず紙に出す習性があるが、この人もそのようだ。犯行の直接的な発覚は不正利用のアラートだろうが、紙に出すことで動かぬ証拠を残してしまったに違いない。
⇒冴えたやりかた1：犯行の媒体を減らす
媒体は使わない。出力はデータセンタで行われたものと思われるが、まさにそこに監視の目が輝いている。ミッション・インポシブルは大げさだけど、メディア（紙、FD、CD-ROM、DAT、USBメモリ、…
最近じゃケータイも）に吐くところはセキュリティレベルも高いぜ。だから、冴えたやりかたは「媒体に残さない」。
具体的にどうするかまで書いたらそれこそ教唆なのでカンベン。あなたがプログラマなら、この時点で複数のルートを思いつくはず。
現金化を考慮していないクラッキング
不正に持ち出された三点セットを元に偽造カードを作成→不正キャッシングをしたらしい。情報を盗むところをクリアできても、盗んだ情報を使うところでヘタを打ったら意味が無い。ほとんどの犯罪はここでバレる。盗む前に「どうやってその情報を現金化するか?」の課題をクリアしておかないため、誰でも思いつくキャッシングで尻尾をつかまれる。
⇒冴えたやりかた2：クラッキングだけでは不十分
現金化から逆算して、盗る情報を絞る。アラートの旗を立てないようにするならば、キャッシュではなく□□□□として売っ払うという手もある。どちらも足がつかないように、恒常的に受渡できる「仕組み」を作りこんで、その仕組みそのものを売るというのもアリ。
古典的な着服方 法
情報を盗むだけなら普通のプログラマでもできる。痕を消すことを思いつくのは、魔がさした普通のプログラマ。で、現金化までを想定してプログラムまで書けるのが、悪のプログラマだ。
この元社員は、ログ出力プログラムを改ざんするぐらいの知恵は回ったらしいが、そいつを足がつかないように現金化するところまで頭が回らなかったらしい。
⇒冴えたやりかた3：現金化を見越した作りこみ
クラッキングだけでなく、現金化するところ「も」作りこむ。警察の捜査とは、犯罪を実行する後ろの「人」を探す諸々の行動。だが、犯罪を実行するのが「人」ではなくプログラムだったら?
もちろん実行するコンピュータの持ち主という足がかりはあるものの、ホレ、人を隠すには人の中、というじゃぁないか。プログラムを隠すにはプログラムの中、というやつ。
ズバリ書けないのがもどかしいが、ふたつみっつ思いつくだろう。嫁さんに振ったら「捕まる人はキャッシュを求めるからいけないんじゃない?
" マネー " にしちゃえば?」とトンデモナイことを言った。やりおる！
また、そのプログラムを書いたなら、そいつを動かすタイミング、消すタイミングもセットで考えるだろう。ニッパチは取引が少ないのが常識なので不正使用が目立ちやすいだろう。さらに、制度更改やシステム入替で混乱しがちなのが盆暮れとゴールデンウィーク。プログラムの実施時期はおのずと決まってくるだろう。
ちなみに、本件の犯行時期は2005年10月と2006年2月。このへんを一切考えていなかったことがよく分かる。プログラマとしては並以上だったかもしれないが、犯罪者としてはあまり優秀ではなかったのかもしれない。
冴えたやりかたは、たったひとつではない。優れたプログラマであればあるほど、いくつでも思いつくだろう。まさに alternative solution を幾つも用意できるのが、優れたプログラマの定義なのだから。
「 優れた」プログラマでなくても、「悪の」プログラマにはなれる。こうした悪知恵は自分で思いつくだけじゃなく、公開されたネタからさらにブラッシュアップできる。わたしだけじゃなく、元記事を読んだ方は、きっとこうつぶやいたはず。
わたしだったら、もっと巧くやるのに
―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
さて、後半ではこうした犯罪を防ぐ方法を書く。
運用業務の監督は各自で頑張るとして、根幹はあれだ、モラリティと一言で片付けられてしまう奴。ここでは、優れたプログラマが本気で悪いことを考えた場合、企業はどうやって抑止できるかを考える。
自らのパワーに気づいていない魔法使い
ほとんどのプログラマはとてつもない権力を持っているにもかかわらず、気づいていない人が多い。「権力」は語弊があるが、うまい言葉が見つからない。「使い方しだいで善にも悪にもなるが、世の中に大きな影響を与えるパワー」という意味。
このパワー、悪い方に使うなら、好きなだけ盗れる。呑む席でよくネタにするが、この人が本気でやったら絶対足がつかないだろうなーというプログラマは結構いる。
「 めちゃくちゃ忙しいけれど、やりがいは皆無、かつ、給料安くてやっとれん」ため息まじりの愚痴にうなづきながら、この人のモラルへの代価は会社で賄っていねぇよなーとも思ったり。
優れたプログラマは、魔法使い並のパワーを持っているにもかかわらず、警官並のモラリティを要求される。しかしながら給料は…
どこぞの若造が「いや、技術を通じて自己実現ができるからモチベーションが云々」と言いそうだが、桃源郷はヨソでやっとくれ。
いま「まだ」平和に見えるのは、大部分のプログラマが自らのパワーに気づいてないから。リアルとネットがこれだけ近づいていて、機密にもアタッチできる立場ならば、そのうち気づく人がもっと増えるはず。そのとき彼・彼女を止められるのは、モチベーション云々ではなく、モラルの一言に尽きる。そして、その対価は支払われていない（し、これからも支払われないだろう）。
魔法使い は 「魔法使い」使いが監視し、「魔法使い」使いは、「『魔法使い』使い」使いが監視して…
ジョージ・オーウェルのミニチュア版を謳うつもりは無いが、相互監視を前提とした開発・運用の業務はアリかと…で、監視する人を監視する人を監視して…（n次の入れ子）、が成り立つ。社員のモラル向上へはビタ一文も対価を支払うつもりがない経営者は、nに好きなだけ大きな値を入れればいい。
もう少し気の利いた経営者なら、「魔法使い」たちを一同を会し傾向と対策を好きなだけ論じさせるだろう。穴（security hole）を指摘する人もいれば、ドアを普請する方法（softether）を解説してくれる人も出てくるに違いない。んで、魔法使いたちに対策を練ってもらう（もちろん充分な見返りを保証する）。
相互監視のためのペアプログラミング
ペアプロの利点として代表的なのは、以下の4つだろう。
スケジュールが短縮される
若手プログラマの育成につながる
1人で開発するよりもストレスに強い
コードの共同共有により品質が向上する
ここに5つ目の利点が加わる。即ち、「相互監視による犯罪の抑止」だ。「相互監視」なんて、冷水を浴びせる言い方で恐縮だが、この利点はアナウンスしなくても充分な牽制となる。また、コードの共同共有はヘタなコードを潜り込ませないようにする抑止効果がある。
あと、品質管理担当が 「コード検閲」をする…なんてアイディアもあるが、現実的ではないだろう。要求仕様を満たしているかひいひい言っているのに、検閲なんて…
いやいやそれでも、ブラフとしても効果があるかもしれない。
まとめ
ダメなやりかたは 「 媒体を残す（今回は紙） 」 「 古典的な現金化では足がつく 」
冴えたやりかたは、 「 犯行の媒体を減らす 」 「 現金化を考慮したハッキング 」
対策は、 「 魔法使いには魔法使いで 」 「 牽制としてのペアプロ 」
で、結論。優れたプログラマが本気で取り組んだなら、痕は残らない。wizardry
は魔法使いというだけでなく、「優れた技術」という意味もある。淡々とハックするのを見てると、「充分に発達した科学は魔法と区別がつかない」というセリフを思い出す。
最後に。 「悪のプログラマ」がどこかにいるかのような書き方をしたが、そんな奴はいねぇ。プログラムを悪用する人がいるだけ。魔法そのものは善でも悪でもなく、ただその使い手によるのと同じ。
How to make an awesome logo
Are you finding it difficult to make a great logo ?
It can be very tough if you 're new to logo design or design in general .
Your business deserves a great logo and I 'd like to work with you if you 're having trouble .
I 've worked with over 2,000 clients .
Order your logo today and let 's get started !
Below is * quite * an outdated tutorial .
These days ( 2016 - 2017 ) , you can find me over at my new site Coursetro full stack developer training .
We 're recording and writing design and development tutorials from a wide range of topics .
So check out our latest free course if you want to learn angular 2 and more !
Introduction
Back when I began my ventures on computers in 98 on AOL , I was one of the many mesmerized by the world of AOL " proggies " .
I began to code my own with VB and I remember one of the things I loved to focus on personally , was the whole intro art .
I saw a few , I can't remember the names now , but their amazing fire effects with their lightening bolts blew my mind away .
Thus began my journey of design .
I 've designed for approximately 9 years now and I 've learned a lot .
It has also helped me make money online .
From mainstream corporate professional design , to fun gaming design , to adult design .
The accumulative experience of all these avenues have really helped further my abilities when I confront each new project .
In this tutorial , I will start and finish a logo while documenting the entire process .
I encourage you to open up photoshop and follow every step , it will help you learn a lot more than just reading it .
I 've used the technique I will be teaching to develop a lot of logos .
Here are just a few :
Adobe Photoshop
I will be using Adobe Photoshop CS2 to design this logo .
Many swear by illustrator , but I believe for the purposes of making a tutorial , it'd be best to use photoshop as it will cater to a wider audience .
More people have used photoshop than Illustrator .
Besides , I 've created 95 % of all my logos in Photoshop , so take what you will .
Let 's Start : The Project
A buddy of mine runs a gaming website , bluelaguna.net , and he has wanted a new logo for some time , so I agreed to do it for this tutorial .
So let 's take a look at the current logo :
( Note :
The image above is n't a logo , it 's an entire header .
The actual name bluelaguna .
net along with the slogan is the actual logo .
I thought it would be a good idea to show the entire header though to see how it reacts with the overall design . )
One of the most important things this logo lacks is readability .
When a user visits a web site , or visits any medium in which a logo is displayed , the first thing that hits them should be the logo .
And for some reason or another , the first place us humans look is the upper left hand corner of a site .
The current logo is placed in the middle of the header and the small font and the dark blue in " BLUE " is hard to read .
There 's also nothing exciting with this logo .
For a logo to be effective , it has to " brand " an image , it needs to stick in your head .
All this logo is is times new roman on caps lock .
Now that we 've gone over why their current logo is not suitable , let 's begin with the actual tutorial .
Gathering Information
It 's important to always know the specifics of what you or the client is looking for before you start .
Generally for most projects , I only need to ask the client 5 questions :
1. Name of the service / product : BlueLaguna .
Net 2 . Any slogans to use ? : " Your # 1 Source for RPG Media " 3 .
Any specific color schemes in mind ? :
Match the current design
4 .
What are you trying to convey through the logo ? : Serious game - related site .
5 . Any other specifics :
You do n't have to use the current header design .
Get crackin '
Pretty straight forward , now we know what we have to work with .
1. Setting up your Document in Photoshop
Once you have photoshop open , go to File -> New .
Then specify the name of the logo , and a width of 600 and a height of 500 .
Then click " OK " ( Refer to the screenshot below ) .
After you click " OK " Your setup should look like this :
( I'm on a 1600x1200 resolution . )
For the menus on the left , I have the layers view , and the Characters in view . )
2. Experiment with Font Selections
As a starting point , I always experiment with a font that I think will work well with the logo .
You have to develop an eye for what font will or will not work , with the specifics of the project in mind .
Since for bluelaguna we 're trying to focus on a serious yet gamer 'ish feel , a serious font selection might be the best bet .
Having yourself an arsenal of fonts is very important .
I have several thousand myself .
Select the Text Tool on the left menu : ( As shown on the image to the right )
Adjust the settings on the Text Properties at the top to match these settings :
In the character window to the right , set AV to - 60 as shown below : ( This simply shortens the space between each separate character , I like starting out with this setting , I do n't know why :)
Type " BLUE LAGUNA " in the document space ( First , be sure that the background is white , you can use the fill tool for this .
And I 've decided to go with all caps to start out with , since all caps is generally deemed more serious ) .
With the type tool selected , and layer 1 selected , select the font list menu ( where it says Arial ) :
You can do this next section in either three ways .
- Hit the " Down " arrow to change the font view of " BLUE LAGUNA " .
- Hit the Down Arrow of the Font List to see the list of available fonts with a tiny preview of the font .
- Download a font viewing program .
I personally just use the first method , although I sometimes use a font viewing program .
Our goal here is to find fonts that might work with the logo .
Once you come across a font that looks like it could work , you should Duplicate the layer in the Layers Window to the right , and then hide the previous layer ( The layer you right clicked and selected " Duplicate " from .
This way , you 've saved that font selection ( the hidden layer ) , and you have a new layer to find more fonts from ) :
3. Good and Bad Font Selections
Since our goal with this particular logo is to be serious , we need serious looking fonts .
It simply takes time to develop an eye for what is serious and what is n't .
Here are a few examples of bad font selections for this project :
The first logo ( the top ) , has a very laid back , fun / unprofessional tone to it .
The second logo is simply " goofy " looking , and it 's generally always bad to select a logo that has an inherent shadow .
The third logo is way too " ragged " with its frills all over the place , definitely a no go .
Calligraphy logos are generally outdated , especially ones with weird " drops " coming from them .
The last logo you can hardly even read .
Remember , a logo should be easily readable .
Here are a few examples of good font selections for this project :
All of these logos with the exception of 4 and 6 are pretty much similar .
# 1 , 2 , 3 & 5 are all very simplistic and serious in appearance .
Logo 4 still appears " serious " even though it is significantly different from the rest .
I chose this just in case I want to experiment with piecing together fonts for the word " Blue " and " Laguna " .
Logo 6 is a very bold / italicized logo that says nothing but serious .
4. Finalizing a Font Selection
Once you have some possible font selections , each in their own layer , you further analyze them and see which works .
With logos that have more than one word , most of the time it is good to separate the appearance of the words from each other .
Since this particular project has two words , " Blue " and " Laguna " , we 're going to want to separate them by possibly choosing two different fonts .
You can also separate words from each other by keeping the same font , but changing the color .
So I 'm going to experiment with the 6 good font selections above .
This is what I 've come up with :
Although I did n't use one of the 6 fonts I selected initially for the word " blue " , I simply used an unboldened version of " LAGUNA " , which keeps a consistent feel but also allows for separation of the two words .
5. Adding in a symbol
Sometimes logos work well with only the use of fonts , but most times adding in a relevant symbol of some sort will really make a logo stand out .
When I say " symbol " , I mean any part of the logo which is n't actual text .
So let 's start with the first font selection from above :
Now here is where having an eye for design and experience is a really big help .
We need to begin contemplating ideas of what exactly we can add to this logo to make it awesome .
So , the first thing I do is just sit there and stare at the font selection and think of what exactly the product / service / site is all about .
Well , BlueLaguna .
Net is about gaming , more specifically speaking , it 's a site that offers RPG media ( Role Playing Game ) media .
Therefore , we have two things to work with : RPG and Media .
What exactly can we associate with both RPG and Media ?
Well , we do n't necessarily have to convey both RPG and Media through the logo ( if you try to get too complex , the logo will become cluttered ) .
We can choose one or the other if we want .
I think it'd be most logical to focus on the whole RPG aspect , as you can find media all over the place and it is n't an entirely unique concept .
So let 's do some research on Role Playing Games .
We need to figure out a symbol which can really represent RPG .
The current BlueLaguna .
Net features a 3d female , perhaps that has something to do with RPG ?
Well , let me do a search on images.google.com for " RPG " .
The results turn back a few different female characters , Hmm !
The first few results , keeping in mind the 3d female character on the current header of bluelaguna.
net , seem to suggest that depicting a female in the logo might be the best bet .
It also seems that weaponry / mystical environments are associated with RPG as well .
Now that I know what I can associate with RPG , I can come up with some possible ideas for a symbol .
I think maybe featuring a face of one of these RPG 'ish females with maybe a hint of mysticism .
The Pen Tool is your Friend
The most important tool when it comes to logo design is the pen tool .
If there is one tool to thoroughly understand , it should be the pen tool .
The pen tool allows you to create any shape (s ) you want , and maintain vector format ( which is very important if you ever want to size your logo up n' down ( for professional print or whatever . )
It 's always good to draw your logo by hand without copying over a picture ( vector tracing ) , but if you are n't very talented and do n't have much experience , it might be your only option .
So for the sake of making the biggest impact on this tutorial , I will teach you all an awesome technique for creating great looking symbols for you logos .
Finding a suitable picture
If you 're going to trace , I always suggest using a site like istockphoto.com to find the image and pay for it .
This way you wo n't be using copyrighted images to trace over .
Or taking your own picture to trace over .
Unfortunately though , istockphoto has nothing with RPG or " anime " .
So I just went on images.google.com and found a picture which I think is suitable , here it is :
When I came across this picture , I got the idea that I can vector trace over her face and hair to create what I want , and then integrate it along with the font selection in some unique way .
So once you 've found the picture you want to trace ( if not the same one ) , save it to your hard drive , open it up in photoshop , CTRL -A , CTRL - C to select it and copy it , and go back to your main logo document and CTRL -V .
Now you 've imported this picture into your logo document .
Once you 've imported it , with her layer selected , you can cut off the bottom half of her body .
( Select the first tool in the upper left corner of the tools menu , Rectangular Marquee Tool ) , select the bottom half of her body and hit the delete key .
Your screen should look something like this by now ( You can hide the text layers behind it ) .
Vector Tracing
Now select the magnifying glass in the tools menu and select around the girl , it will look like this zoomed up to about 400 % :
Now select the pen tool in the tools menu :
Make sure that the foreground color ( the black square at the bottom of the pic to the upper right ---^ ) is the same dark blue color of the text we specified .
In the layers window to the right , select the little round circular > icon on the upper right corner of the window , and click on " Create New Layer " in the window that comes up .
Hit " OK " and then in the layers window , with the new layer selected , change the Opacity to 0 % .
We do this because once we start tracing over the image , we do n't want the dark blue color hiding the picture of the girl below .
And with the pen tool selected , click a point somewhere on the outline of the hair ( at the top ) , and then click to make another point somewhere on the hairline where the line will begin to form .
You can hold down and " direction " the angle of the line to create a certain type of curve .
It takes awhile to get the hang of , but it 's very easy once you get the hang of it .
After plotting points of an entire section of hair , yours should look similar to this : ( Note : I 've lightened the opacity of the girl to illustrate what your lines should look like so far )
( opacity 100 % )
It 's not perfect , but for now it 's a good start .
Now I 'm simply going to continue creating more shapes , like the facial features .
After 15 - 20 minutes or so of creating the different facial features and the face itself , here is what I have come up with :
As you can see , I specified a different color for the face ( light blue ) .
And by now I have around 15 different layers .
There 's a separate layer for the top portion of each eye , the bottom portion of each eye , the middle , and the small glare .
There 's also a layer for the face background , and the ear .
So let us continue and add some shading ...
After about 20 more minutes of shading , this is what I 've come up with :
There are a total of 3 different layers for the hair .
It 's somewhat of a tedious process to do hair shading simply because there 's a lot of strands of hair !
But you have to just condense them and get the general idea of the shading and it will work out well .
Then I did some light shading work on the face and the neck .
Now I consider the actual draft of the symbol complete .
Let 's make our initial text layer visible and see what we can do to integrate the symbol with the text .
First , you will want to select the very last to the very first vector layer that you created ( you 'll have a couple dozen or more ) , hold down the shift so you can select them all .
Then in the layers window click the little circular round button and select " New Group From Layers " .
This will put all of the layers of the girl , into one easily manageable layer group .
This way , you can move around the one group and it will keep all of their positions together so it wo n't break up her face .
Now this actually does n't look too bad , in and of itself .
But the proportion of the anime head is too big , in relation to BLUELAGUNA .
So we will want to scale down the head .
Let 's try moving it over to the left , and adding the slogan + the " . net " text .
This is what it looks like :
Now it looks pretty damn good eh ?
The only other thing I did , was with the pen tool , I added a white shape over the " B " in " BLUE " so that the face does n't collide with the B .
Unfortunately I messed up and did n't design this over the dark blue 'ish background that the bluelaguna .
net has .
So I 'm going to change the colors of the logo to fit a background of an appropriate header for the site .
As you can see , simply changing colors around can really change the look and feel of a logo .
I 'd consider this logo a winner .
6. Conclusion
I can pretty much guarantee you that if you 're a first time user of the pen tool or photoshop for that matter , it wo n't turn out so pretty like mine did .
It takes some time and patience to really get the hang of it .
It 's all about getting a little creative and working at it for awhile .
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Need a logo designed ?
Check out my portfolio
I have over 10 years of logo design experience .
Receive your logo within 24 hours !
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CHECK OUT MY DESIGN COURSE !
Learn how to design full websites and logos with my newly launched designcourse.com !
Like this tutorial ?:
It 's the announcement that every frequent flier dreads : " Ladies and gentlemen , we have a very full flight today .
Please step out of the aisle and into your row as quickly as possible so that other passengers are able to reach their seats . "
But the chaos of aircraft boarding may soon go the way of the 727 .
Several major airlines are working to develop more efficient ways to board an aircraft , using computer simulations to come up with mathematically proven – if counterintuitive – boarding models with names like the " rotating zone system " and the " reverse pyramid . "
For cash - strapped airlines , improving the boarding process has become more than a customer service issue .
" An airplane only generates revenue when it is in the air , " explains David Swierenga , a former Air Transport Association of America economist and president of aviation consulting company AeroEcon .
Swierenga says that by speeding " turnaround , " an industry term for the amount of time an aircraft spends on the ground between flights , airlines can keep their planes in the air longer .
See How It Works
Click here to view an animation of different boarding procedures .
" An airplane that spends an hour on the ground between flights might fly five trips a day , " he explains .
" Cut the turnaround time to 40 minutes , and maybe that same plane can complete six or seven flights a day . "
More flights mean more paying passengers , and ultimately , more revenue .
Many factors contribute to turnaround time , including baggage handling , refueling and aircraft cleaning .
But a 1998 Boeing study shows that passenger boarding plays a significant role .
America West Airlines , which became US Airways after a recent merger , has led the way in rethinking passenger boarding , working with engineers at Arizona State University to develop a system that speeds the process by reducing interference between passengers .
According to Tim Lindemann , US Airways ' managing director of airport services , streamlining the boarding process was one part of a larger effort to reduce turnaround times at what was then America West .
" We were looking at every possible way to shave time off the process , " he says .
Convinced that there was a statistical solution to the problem , Lindemann approached Arizona State University 's industrial engineering department .
" We have a great university in our backyard , and hoped they could help , " he says .
" The engineers there immediately understood the problem we were trying to solve , because they had witnessed it themselves .
They had been on our flights . "
Professor René Villalobos and graduate student Menkes van den Briel began reviewing boarding systems used by other airlines .
" The conventional wisdom was that boarding from back to front was most effective , " says van den Briel .
The engineers looked at an inside - out strategy that boards planes from window to aisle , and also examined a 2002 simulation study that claimed calling passengers individually by seat number was the fastest way to load an aircraft .
The two then developed a mathematical formula that measured the number of times passengers were likely to get in each other 's way during boarding .
" We knew that boarding time was negatively impacted by passengers interfering with one another , " explains van den Briel .
" So we built a model to calculate these incidents . "
Villalobos and van den Briel looked at interference resulting from passengers obstructing the aisle , as well as that caused by seated passengers blocking a window or middle seat .
They applied the equation to eight different boarding scenarios , looking at both front - to - back and outside - in systems .
" Ultimately , the issue America West needed to address was time , " explains van den Briel .
" We figured a system that reduced interference between passengers would also cut boarding time . "
Van den Briel then spent two days at Los Angeles International Airport , where America West was filming actual passengers as they boarded , positioning one camera on the Jetway and another inside the aircraft .
He spent the next two weeks analyzing these tapes , clocking the times it took passengers to complete certain tasks .
" You can't imagine how boring this was , " he says , laughing .
He and Villalobos used this passenger data to build a computer - simulation model that validated the results of their analytical work .
" The analytical model gave us the information we needed to design a new system , " Villalobos explains , " but we needed a simulation that would allow us to test our method against others . "
Villalobos and van den Briel presented America
West with a boarding approach called the reverse pyramid that calls for simultaneously loading an aircraft from back to front and outside in .
Window and middle passengers near the back of the plane board first ; those with aisle seats near the front are called last .
" Our research showed that this method created the fewest incidents of interference between passengers , " Villalobos explains , " and was therefore the fastest . "
US Airways ' Lindemann says the airline has enjoyed significant improvements since implementing the reverse pyramid in 2003 , including a 21 percent decrease in departure delays in the first three months following the system 's launch , and a two - minute reduction in average boarding time .
Other carriers appear to have taken note .
Last July , AirTran Airways launched a boarding system that the airline 's Judy Graham - Weaver refers to as a rotating zone system .
AirTran first seats the back five rows of the plane , then the front five , and continues rotating back - front - back until boarding is complete .
Graham - Weaver says that this system is one reason AirTran enjoys turnaround times in the 20 - to 30 - minute range .
United Airlines is using a boarding strategy it calls " Wilma , " which stands for " window - middle - aisle . "
This outside - in system boards all window passengers first , followed by those with middle seats and , finally , those seated in the aisle .
Like the AirTran and US Airways systems , Wilma offers pre-boarding for first - class passengers , elite frequent fliers and those requiring extra assistance .
Southwest Airlines takes a low - tech approach to boarding , placing passengers into one of three groups based on their check - in time , and allowing them to take any open seat once their group is called .
Representative Whitney Eichinger says that this method has served Southwest well since it began flying in 1971 , and that the airline enjoys some of the quickest turnaround times in the industry .
Van den Briel says that while Southwest 's open seating might seem like an invitation for chaos , it actually illustrates a tendency among passengers to self - organize when left to their own devices .
" Passengers who are free to sit anywhere usually do a good job staying out of each other 's way , " he explains .
" Without having studied it in detail , I would imagine that an open boarding model is faster than assigned seating . "
Villalobos and van den Briel designed the reverse pyramid for single - aisle aircraft , but America West 's merger with US Airways means that the airline now operates wide - body Airbus and Boeing planes .
Villalobos believes the reverse pyramid can be modified to work successfully with these aircraft , but admits that bigger planes create additional opportunities for passenger interference .
Lindemann says US
Airways will roll out the reverse pyramid systemwide once the two carriers have adopted a single reservation system .
In 2007 , Airbus will begin deliveries of its A380 super jumbo , capable of seating up to 555 passengers .
Airbus ' Clay McConnell says that his company has addressed customer concerns about the time required to load the A380 by making all 16 of the aircraft 's doors large enough to board passengers comfortably .
" An airline could simultaneously load the aircraft from two different gates , " he says .
" Or , they could board people from the back using stairs . "
McConnell says Airbus ' research shows that the boarding process for an A380 will be only five minutes longer than that for a Boeing 747-400 , despite the fact that the Airbus plane can carry up to 140 more passengers .
While the reverse pyramid was designed to address airplane boarding , its creators believe the model has other potential applications .
" Someone called and asked if it could be used to shorten the time it takes to evacuate a building , " Villalobos says .
" I told him it was something we could definitely look into . "
Fliers Can't Balk at Search
Airline Security a Waste of Cash
American Released Passenger Data
JetBlue Customers Feel the Pain
Algorithms Key to Cheap Air Fare
Contrary to reports across the web , E3 has not been cancelled .
Next - Gen had hoped that they would blow the lid off of a hot story by revealing that the show had been cancelled , but some quick fact checking shows that they are simply incorrect .
( Note : NG has just changed their story from " EXCLUSIVE : E3 CANCELLED " to " E3 Finished as Big Exhibs Pull Support , " and the text of the report has changed significantly . )
Sources close to the Entertainment Software Association ( ESA ) tell Ars Technica that the show can and will go on , but that big changes are planned .
The " Electronic Entertainment Expo " ( hence E3 ) started in 1995 as a small but interesting annual convention for gaming , following roughly six months after the once - popular annual COMDEX computer trade - show in Las Vegas .
The show has grown immensely in popularity , and that appears to be the problem .
Sources say that two major factors have led to the decision to transition the show to a more " closed - door " event .
Both , coincidentally , were major reasons for COMDEX shutting down : cost and access .
If you 've never been to E3 , let me describe it like this : long lines , truckloads of people , video games everywhere , and really fancy " booths " ( where booth sometimes means basketball court - sized display area ) .
As with COMDEX , the major players are reportedly tired of how much it costs to put on the dog and pony show .
Turns out it costs millions of dollars to put the sparkle into an E3 blingfest .
Now in theory , these shows are primarily geared towards connecting businesspeople .
To that end , E3 was ( again , in theory ) only open to industry folks and journalists .
In recent years , however , the number of people attending have skyrocketed , in part because E3 registration was a moderately open process .
The show was getting huge , and just as with COMDEX , the show - within - a - show was born .
What I mean by that is that it was no longer enough to go to the show .
To talk to someone who actually knew what they were talking about , you 'd need an appointment .
To see something really special , really worth writing about , you 'd need to meet behind closed doors .
To find out anything of interest about something that was n't on a placard , you needed to get in with the right people .
With COMDEX the practice started to get ridiculous ; major players officially skipped the show but set up camp in Vegas hotels and had their sideshows for a fraction of the cost .
One source I spoke with told me that media access is indeed a problem , but it probably does not factor in greatly to the decision to downsize the show .
Nevertheless , there are plenty of complaints from insiders about how " blogging " in particular has made the shows more difficult , if only because floor people are instructed to speak only of what they are approved to speak of , lest another half - baked headline make the rounds .
Possibly more influential is the fact that E3 is viewed by some people as being the Sony - Microsoft - Nintendo show , which it is not supposed to be .
Smaller players have complained about this before , but really , that 's just the nature of a tradeshow .
Not everyone can be Wil Wheaton , can they ?
In all seriousness , the days of the big consumer technology trade shows are indeed passing .
At the end of the day , the reason is very simple : ten years ago , you needed a big trade show to generate buzz and hype .
It used to be that COMDEX was a special event because so much new stuff was unveiled , and this was the only way to see it .
Now , however , information comes down the pipe faster than ever , and companies are wondering if there 's really any benefit to spending the big money on displays only to share the floor with other competitors looking to out - wow attendees .
It was a media circus for the days when you needed a circus to attract media attention .
I do n't think anyone would say that consumer electronics is lacking for attention these days .
Official word from the ESA should be out tomorrow .
Keep an eye on Opposable Thumbs for additional updates .
We 'll follow - up there .
The pleasant sensation of sipping a drink after a hard day 's work is familiar to many people , but for some , recreational use easily slips into dependence and tolerance .
Some users then progress to addiction .
Even in the face of harmful consequences to self and others , addicts cannot resist the urge to engage in the addictive activity .
Moreover , if they do stop taking drugs , even after years of abstinence , addicts may relapse into drug use under stress or when faced with otherwise benign cues that remind them of the addicting drug .
Drug use and addiction are pervasive .
The 2005 World Drug Report from the United Nations estimates that 200 million people , or 5 % of the global population , consumed illicit drugs at least once in the last 12 months .
The US Department of Health estimates that in 2004 , 22.5 million Americans aged 12 or older ( 9.4 % of the population ) experienced substance dependence or abuse .
During this period , about 21.1 million people needed but did not get treatment for their addiction in the US alone .
Although drug abuse cuts across all societal strata and age groups , the young and poor are affected most .
Addiction has very high overall health costs , once related factors such as heart disease , cancer and accidents are considered .
The National Institute on Drug Abuse estimated the cost of drug and alcohol abuse at about $ 246 billion in 1992 ( without considering nicotine addiction ) .
This figure includes health consequences from drug abuse and their effects on the health care system , criminal behavior , negligent driving , job loss and the effects of impaired productivity on these individuals and their employers .
The progression from initial drug use to addiction is influenced by the drug , the user 's personality , peer influences and environmental stressors .
These complex interactions determine why some individuals are more easily addicted than others .
In this focus , we highlight the biology of the most commonly abused substances , explore the genetics of predisposition to addiction , and examine the components of addictive behavior itself .
Drug addiction can clearly vary with the drug .
Cocaine , marijuana , LSD or amphetamine can create psychological dependence , in which the individual feels satisfaction and euphoria and is driven by a need to repeat the experience .
Heroin or alcohol can produce physical dependence .
Drugs also act on specific receptors and brain areas .
Given this complexity , can addiction be treated as a unitary disorder ?
Are there common brain targets for all addictive substances that could be exploited to provide a ' magic bullet ' for addiction treatment ?
A perspective by Eric Nestler addresses this issue .
Exposure to drugs causes plasticity in neural circuits related to reward and motivation , supporting the idea that addiction is a biological disorder .
Plasticity ( of synapses and circuits ) results from drug use and drug abuse .
How do we make sense of the multitude of observations in so many different areas under different circumstances ?
What animal models are likely to have the most validity for studying addiction , and what specific changes should we examine ?
In three separate commentaries , George Koob and Michel LeMoal , Peter Kalivas , and Yavin Shaham and Bruce Hope discuss which changes are likely to be critical to addiction .
Taking drugs may begin as a voluntary choice to seek a pleasant stimulus , but for addicts , that choice is no longer volitional , even in the face of terrible personal consequences .
Barry Everitt and Trevor Robbins review the cortical and subcortical circuits that mediate reinforcing effects of drugs , presenting a framework for how occasional behaviors become habits and then compulsions through pavlovian and instrumental learning .
Antoine Bechara proposes that volitional decisions involve a balance between neural systems signaling the immediate and delayed consequences of actions .
He discusses how drugs may tip this balance , leading to an inability to weigh future consequences and the urge to make impulsive decisions .
What makes certain individuals more vulnerable to drug use and abuse ?
Mary Jeanne Kreek and colleagues discuss the genetic influences on complex personality traits such as impulsivity , risk taking and stress responsiveness , and their relationship to addiction vulnerability .
They also discuss the difficulty in teasing out genetic vulnerability factors , in light of the strong comorbidity between addiction and other mental disorders .
Alcohol and nicotine are legal drugs that are prone to abuse .
Nicotine is one of the most widely abused substances , and tobacco addiction kills more than 430,000 Americans each year .
John Dani and Adron Harris review progress in understanding nicotine addiction and its comorbidity with alcoholism .
John Crabbe and David Lovinger discuss the neurobiology of alcohol abuse and genetic influences that may predispose animals ( and humans ) to alcoholism .
Despite the enormous social and economic cost of addiction , long - term treatments are few and far between .
Only a handful of pharmaceutical therapies exist .
In a commentary , Charles Dackis and Charles O'Brien discuss social issues that may be hampering development and access to treatment , pointing out that loss of control , the hallmark of addiction , is the source of its societal stigma .
A naive public is likely to conceptualize addiction as a character flaw rather than a bona fide brain disorder .
Dackis and O'Brien argue that to effectively develop treatments for addiction , we must change this perception .
We are grateful to the National Institute of Drug Abuse and the National Institute of Alcoholism and Alcohol Abuse for their generous financial support for this focus issue .
With their help , we are making the content of this focus freely available on the web for three months at http://www.nature.com/neuro/focus/addiction/index.html.
Apart from the sponsors ' foreword , the editorial team of Nature Neuroscience is entirely responsible for the content of the focus issue .
We hope that our readers will find this collection of articles useful and enlightening and that it may contribute toward understanding and eventually solutions to this critical medical and societal problem .
View background material on Connotea at http://www.connotea.org/user/NatNeurosci/tag/addictionfocus.
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
According to the documents from Vatican archives relating to the trials of Jews , Muslims , Cathars , witches , scientists and other non-Catholics in Europe between the 13th and the 19th centuries , the number actually killed or tortured into confession during the Inquisition was far fewer than previously thought .
Estimates of the number killed by the Spanish Inquisition , which Sixtus IV authorised in a papal bull in 1478 , have ranged from 30,000 to 300,000 .
Some historians are convinced that millions died .
But according to Professor Agostino Borromeo , a historian of Catholicism at the Sapienza University in Rome and curator of the 783 - page volume released yesterday , only 1 % of the 125,000 people tried by church tribunals as suspected heretics in Spain were executed .
Other experts told journalists at the Vatican yesterday that many of the thousands of executions conventionally attributed to the church were in fact carried out by non-church tribunals .
What the church initiated as a strictly regulated process , in which torture was allowed for only 15 minutes and in the presence of a doctor , got out of hand when other bodies were involved .
The church does not deny its responsibility for atrocities committed by Catholics in its name .
In 2000 the Pope publicly apologised for the unnecessary " violence " used .
But he is not keen to be made to repent for sins the Vatican can prove it did not commit .
" Before seeking pardon , it is necessary to have a precise knowledge of the facts , " he wrote in a letter released yesterday , in which he expressed his " strong appreciation " of the research .
" The image of the Inquisition represents almost the symbol ... of scandal , " he wrote .
Cardinal Georges Cottier , a Vatican theologian , said : " You ca n't ask pardon for deeds which are n't there . "
European and North American historians have been searching the archives since a Vatican conference on the Inquisition in 1998 .
Their findings support the recent theories of some independent historians that the Spanish Inquisition has been exaggerated into a kind of legend .
European school histories are filled with images of torture used to force heretics to confess in Spain , France , Italy and Portugal .
Pope Gregory
IX instituted the papal inquisition in 1231 for the apprehension and trial of heretics , initially the Cathars .
Inquisitors sought out those with hidden heretic beliefs as well as anyone reading banned books or teaching non-Catholic beliefs .
In 1633 the Italian scientist Galileo Galilei was imprisoned for expounding the Copernican theory that the Sun is the centre of the universe and the Earth rotates around it .
The theory was formally declared a heresy .
Galileo died under house arrest .
A better wall plug
This is just brilliant : A new plug design , angled out from the wall to make it easier to plug things in or out .
It was created by University of Notre Dame student Julia Burke , and won an IDSA award this year :
The PLUG - IN ’s upward - angled faceplate allows users to better orient themselves and a cord ’s prongs before bending over or reaching behind furniture .
This creates a direct sightline from the human eye to the faceplate and minimizes the distance necessary for a person to extend .
It also provides additional leverage when removing of a difficult plug .
Technically , Burke invented this for the elderly — who have trouble bending far enough down to shove a 90 - degree plug into the wall .
But the ergonomics here are so dementedly superior to normal wall sockets that I want a full set of these for my household .
Right .
Now .
Disqus
Pollground : A Retrospective Pollground , a opinion poll site that operated in 2006 , grew from our first attempt at a startup .
When the site shut down in November 2006 , anyone following Pollground must have asked “ what went wrong ? ”
As the founders , we of all people wanted to have an answer .
We came up with a laundry list of explanations then , pulling at any which reason .
We did n’t dress well enough .
We were too slow in programming .
But having four years to think about the company , the list of explanations have focused down to a few key critical points .
Before explaining the points , first a little history .
The company behind Pollground was conceived almost exactly four years ago , receiving funding on November 6th , 2005 .
In the months after this date , a whirlwind of activity surrounded the site .
In February 2006 , we went on a tour of other companies funded by our investor .
It was exhilarating and inspired us onwards .
In June 2006 , development started in earnest , with two people , twelve hours a day .
The big launch date was July 1st .
We saw a surge in traffic .
We were excited — this was our product , and thousands of users were seeing it and signing in every hour .
We returned the user ’s volley with endless days of frenzied updating .
Over the course of many days though , the number of visitors decreased .
There was disappointment , and then a loss for direction .
We patched up all the holes visitors suggested .
We added new features .
But users were only still dripping in a few every hour .
We presented to investors a month later , and followed up on lukewarm leads .
One investor wanted us to port our application to a cell phone , which he would then buy .
Another investor wanted to use our polling technology to help advertisements .
These leads would have let the company generate enough money to feed us , or even live well at programmer salary levels .
But we began a startup for the chance to strike it big .
The small probability of taking it public was the driving force , and that was gone .
No reason continued to exist for us to work on it .
Our time was valuable , and we went back to college .
That brings us to the top reasons we closed down in retrospect .
Reason 0 : The Numbers Game .
The median fish egg does n’t grow into an adult .
The median college dropout does n’t have $ 58 billion .
The median startup shuts down within a year .
At least stastically , closing Pollground was expected and an IPO was n’t .
So , asking why Pollground closed is a little like asking why an arbitrary object , like a rock , fails to sustain self - powered flight .
The correct question instead is n’t “ what went wrong ” as much as “ what could have gone much better ” , “ what are lessons for startups to take away . ”
Reason 1 : Eyes on the money .
We went into Pollground under the premise that all we had to do was make a site that people enjoyed .
A site that had a high number of hits per day .
“ Make something people want , ” said our investor , while handing out grey t- shirts with the same phrase .
We had days of moderately high hits , and our days of low hits .
None of this translated to any money .
And the reason was simple : we had no plan preconceived .
Our implicit plan was to shoot the moon : if we get a million visitors a day , then making some amount of cash should be easy — we can figure it out later .
Such was the recipe of the giants : Google , Youtube , Facebook , Twitter . [… more later ]
December 6 , 2009 at 6:01 am
Pollground Back Online , Exiting Development
We would like to announce that Pollground is now back up !
But by now , you ’ve probably already noticed that .
Mostly we ’d like to take this chance to provide some details about the situation of Pollground .
Short story :
We believe in Pollground ’s potential , but circumstances will permanently prevent us from developing Pollground beyond this point .
If you have suggestions to how Pollground can be useful to the public let us know ( read on ! )
Long story : Background :
As many of you may know , we developed and released Pollground in the summer of 2006 .
During the summer , we felt that we did a fair job of adding requested features to Pollground : we revamped the “ reward voting with the majority ” system , and added a much - desired comments system .
In general , we were able to keep up with development .
At the end of summer , we decided to return to college .
We felt we could take some time out of courses to complete the next steps in advancing pollground : creating a new look and implementing an artificial intelligence system that can predict your vote .
We ended up making quite a bit of progress on both ends , despite it being much more difficult to find spare time in college than we ’d anticipated .
We were in the testing phase of the AI system , and you can see the new design for yourself .
We ended up transferring our hosting during the start of November , and due to a technical error that took some time to resolve , our site has been down until now , when we finally found time to fix the problem .
All through this time , we realized we could make Pollground really take off by developing it further and adding greater feature .
This is why we ’ve staunchly maintained the position that we would roll out new feature for so many months now .
While we still believe in Pollground ’s potential , we sat down this winter break and realized that we both had quite a few new exciting and amazing opportunities arising at school .
We would have to pay a very high opportunity cost to keep Pollground in development , especially if we were to dedicate another semester or summer to the project .
After careful and lengthy consideration , we ’ve decided that in all likelihood we will not be able to continue maintaining Pollground any longer .
For those of you who waited on Pollground ’s development the last few months , we apologize for not being able to fully deliver those features as a result of our circumstance .
For those of you who ’ve supported us by visiting Pollground , contributing to Pollground , or even writing to us personally , we would like to extend a huge thanks .
Starting any business is a challenge and you guys have made it that much easier and enjoyable .
An Open Offer :
While we know that we can have Pollground hosted with our current provider practically indefinitely , we ca n’t develop the site further and hence make maximal use of Pollground ’
Since we had spent hundreds of hours of effort in creating Pollground , we would love to have our work put to better use .
If you have any ideas how we could maintain the site in a way that ’s more beneficial to the community , we would love to hear about it .
Ideally , the suggestion would n’t require too much time .
If you feel you could do something interesting or valuable with part of the site ( e.g. create an embeddable voting script , run regressions on survey data ) , let us know .
If you instead are ambitious enough to want to take over Pollground or have exclusive control over Pollground ’s intellectual property , also let us know !
In each case , please contact us at uzlabs / at / gmail.com , and let us know how your idea may be beneficial to the public at large .
While we do not have plans to sell our site , monetary offers will be considered , but certainly are not necessary .
January 2 , 2007 at 2:47 pm
Pollground Temporarily Unavailable
This message has also been posted on our main site , but we thought we ’d put it in the blog just for your reference .
Visitors and Pollground Users :
Due to server migration issues , we expect Pollground to be unavailable for the upcoming weeks .
We ’re in the process of putting in a much cleaner visual interface and a much more powerful backend that can predict your opinions and personality .
We hope that these new features will be worth the wait , and apologize for any inconvenience this may cause .
We can be contacted at uzlabs / at / gmail.com – The PollGround .
Com Team November 1 , 2006 at 6:31 am
Pollground Update
We want to thank all our users for helping Pollground ’s development .
We ’ve been up for only little over a month , and yet we have already accomplished : 6,000 voters
1,000 questions
80,000 votes
As some of you may know we are working on a new Pollground release , which will enjoy a cool redesign , additional intelligent features , and perhaps a different , sparkier name .
Thanks to everyone for their contribution to the Pollground community .
Please continue to send us any suggestions or questions about our site .
– Pollground Team August 16 , 2006 at 9:24 pm
Pollground v1.1 Updates
The new , much requested , threaded comments system and expertise system are in !
No more one - comment - per-user , no more expertise points based on majority voting .
As you , the users , have pointed out , such a system will
1 ) improve the integrity of the votes since users will not try to “ guess the majority ” , and 2 ) improve the quality of comments and questions since they are user moderated through a points system .
As Pollground grows , these are likely changes crucial to ensuring content quality .
The old system rotated through every question asked with almost equal probability , whereas the new system will show questions and comments based on their points , a number determined by the users .
Certainly , we ’ll refine the user - moderation system in the future , but we feel the basic structure is much better now .
Further , there is a new user system !
You no longer need an email address ( or activation ) to register .
You also may post anonymously or attach your usernames to your posts , whereas before all posts were mandatorally anonymous .
This , we hope , will allow for a sense of community .
The identity of the author of every poll / comment is no longer necesarily a vague question mark .
At the same time , we know that anonymity is necesary to ask the most sensitive questions or to give the most honest comments , so opt - in anonymity is here to stay .
Besides the above changes , the keen eye will notice a large number of minor details here and there we ’ve improved , including graphical tweaks , a improved help page , the elimination of pop - up comments , an about us page ( look to the right of this page ! ) , and so on .
Site Stats
For those of you who frequent this site ( or even for first - time users ) , we have n’t released much site data before , but thought you may be interested in some numbers for Pollground .
Since launching on July 10th 2006 , we have : – Over 70,000 votes – Over 600 polls – Over 5,000 comments – Over 9,000 people ( unique visitors ) who have seen the site – Over 500 people average who visit the site every day – Over 100 people who have answered every single poll
And finally , we ’re glad to report that we ’ve received 13,000 visits with a happy average of 10 pages per visit .
July 24 , 2006 at 10:45 am
In all , the violence has claimed more than 1,700 civilian lives this year , and federal officials say the killings are on course to top the estimated 1,800 underworld killings last year .
Those death tolls compare with 1,304 in 2004 and 1,080 in 2001 , these officials say .
Mexico ’s law enforcement officials maintain that the violence is a sign that they have made progress dismantling the major organized crime families in the country .
The arrests of several drug cartel leaders and their top lieutenants have set off a violent struggle among second - rank mobsters for trade routes , federal prosecutors say .
The old order has been fractured , and the remaining drug dealers are killing one another or making new alliances .
“ These alliances are happening because none of the organizations can control , on its own , the territory it used to control , and that speaks to the crisis that they are in , ” said José Luis Santiago Vasconcelos , the top federal prosecutor for organized crime .
Attorney General Daniel Cabeza de Vaca said a steadily rising tide of drug addiction within Mexico had spurred some of the murders , as dealers fought for local markets .
At the same time , more and more honest police officers are trying to enforce the law rather than turn a blind eye to drug traffickers , often paying with their lives , prosecutors say .
But those assessments , other authorities say , are overly rosy and may explain only part of the picture .
Some experts say the Mexican police forces , weakened by corruption and cowed by assassinations , are simply not up to the task of countering the underworld feuds unleashed by the arrests of cartel leaders over the last six years .
THE ORIGINAL EXIM CHEATSHEET SINCE 2005
bradthemad.org is the official location of this Exim Cheatsheet , since I first compiled a text file of useful Exim commands in 2005 and shared it here on my personal site .
Other sites have copied this page , some of whom credit your faithful and intrepid author , while others rip it off with no attribution and even sell ads for the privilege of reading my material on an inferior site .
Ten years on , all I can say is that you 're welcome , your apologies are accepted , and if blatant plagiarism is the price I have to pay for never having to administer an email service again as long as I live , YOU CAN HAVE IT !
Here are some useful things to know for managing an Exim 4 server .
This assumes a prior working knowledge of SMTP , MTAs , and a UNIX shell prompt .
Message - IDs and spool files
The message - IDs that Exim uses to refer to messages in its queue are mixed - case alpha-numeric , and take the form of : XXXXXX - YYYYYY - ZZ .
Most commands related to managing the queue and logging use these message - ids .
There are three -- count 'em , THREE -- files for each message in the spool directory .
If you 're dealing with these files by hand , instead of using the appropriate exim commands as detailed below , make sure you get them all , and do n't leave Exim with remnants of messages in the queue .
I used to mess directly with these files when I first started running Exim machines , but thanks to the utilities described below , I have n't needed to do that in many months .
Files in /var / spool / exim / msglog contain logging information for each message and are named the same as the message - id .
Files in / var / spool / exim / input are named after the message - id , plus a suffix denoting whether it is the envelope header ( - H ) or message data ( - D ) .
These directories may contain further hashed subdirectories to deal with larger mail queues , so do n't expect everything to always appear directly in the top / var / spool / exim / input or / var / spool / exim / msglog directories ; any searches or greps will need to be recursive .
See if there is a proper way to do what you 're doing before working directly on the spool files .
Basic information
Print a count of the messages in the queue :
root@localhost # exim - bpc
Print a listing of the messages in the queue ( time queued , size , message - id , sender , recipient ) :
root@localhost # exim - bp
Print a summary of messages in the queue ( count , volume , oldest , newest , domain , and totals ) :
root@localhost # exim - bp | exiqsumm
Print what Exim is doing right now :
root@localhost # exiwhat
Test how exim will route a given address :
root@localhost # exim - bt alias@localdomain.com user@thishost.com <-- alias@localdomain.com router = localuser , transport = local_delivery root@localhost # exim - bt user@thishost.com user@thishost.com router = localuser , transport = local_delivery root@localhost # exim - bt user@remotehost.com router = lookuphost , transport = remote_smtp host mail.remotehost.com [ 1.2.3.4 ] MX=0
Run a pretend SMTP transaction from the command line , as if it were coming from the given IP address .
This will display Exim 's checks , ACLs , and filters as they are applied .
The message will NOT actually be delivered .
root@localhost # exim - bh 192.168.11.22
Display all of Exim 's configuration settings :
root@localhost # exim -bP
Searching the queue with exiqgrep
Exim includes a utility that is quite nice for grepping through the queue , called exiqgrep .
Learn it .
Know it .
Live it .
If you 're not using this , and if you 're not familiar with the various flags it uses , you 're probably doing things the hard way , like piping `exim - bp` into awk , grep , cut , or `wc - l` .
Do n't make life harder than it already is .
First , various flags that control what messages are matched .
These can be combined to come up with a very particular search .
Use -f to search the queue for messages from a specific sender :
root@localhost # exiqgrep -f [ luser ] @domain
Use -r to search the queue for messages for a specific recipient / domain :
root@localhost # exiqgrep -r [ luser ] @domain
Use -o to print messages older than the specified number of seconds .
For example , messages older than 1 day :
root@localhost # exiqgrep -o 86400 [...]
Use -y to print messages that are younger than the specified number of seconds .
For example , messages less than an hour old :
root@localhost # exiqgrep -y 3600 [...]
Use -s to match the size of a message with a regex .
For example , 700-799 bytes :
root@localhost # exiqgrep -s ' ^7..$ ' [...]
Use -z to match only frozen messages , or -x to match only unfrozen messages .
There are also a few flags that control the display of the output .
Use - i to print just the message - id as a result of one of the above two searches :
root@localhost # exiqgrep - i [ -r | -f ] ...
Use -c to print a count of messages matching one of the above searches :
root@localhost # exiqgrep - c ...
Print just the message - id of the entire queue :
root@localhost # exiqgrep -i
Managing the queue
The main exim binary ( /usr/ sbin/exim ) is used with various flags to make things happen to messages in the queue .
Most of these require one or more message - IDs to be specified in the command line , which is where `exiqgrep - i` as described above really comes in handy .
Start a queue run :
root@localhost # exim -q -v
Start a queue run for just local deliveries :
root@localhost # exim - ql -v
Remove a message from the queue :
root@localhost # exim - Mrm < message - id > [ < message - id > ... ]
Freeze a message :
root@localhost # exim - Mf < message - id > [ < message - id > ... ]
Thaw a message :
root@localhost # exim - Mt < message - id > [ < message - id > ... ]
Deliver a message , whether it 's frozen or not , whether the retry time has been reached or not :
root@localhost # exim - M < message - id > [ < message - id > ... ]
Deliver a message , but only if the retry time has been reached :
root@localhost # exim - Mc < message - id > [ < message - id > ... ]
Force a message to fail and bounce as " cancelled by administrator " :
root@localhost # exim - Mg < message - id > [ < message - id > ... ]
Remove all frozen messages :
root@localhost # exiqgrep - z - i | xargs exim - Mrm
Remove all messages older than five days ( 86400 * 5 = 432000 seconds ) :
root@localhost # exiqgrep -o 432000 - i | xargs exim - Mrm
Freeze all queued mail from a given sender :
root@localhost # exiqgrep - i -f luser@example.tld | xargs exim - Mf
View a message 's headers :
root@localhost # exim - Mvh < message - id >
View a message 's body :
root@localhost # exim - Mvb < message - id >
View a message 's logs :
root@localhost # exim - Mvl < message - id >
Add a recipient to a message :
root@localhost # exim - Mar < message - id > < address > [ < address > ... ]
Edit the sender of a message :
root@localhost # exim - Mes < message - id > < address >
Access control
Exim allows you to apply access control lists at various points of the SMTP transaction by specifying an ACL to use and defining its conditions in exim.conf .
You could start with the HELO string .
# Specify the ACL to use after HELO acl_smtp_helo = check_helo # Conditions for the check_helo ACL : check_helo : deny message =
Gave HELO / EHLO as " friend " log_message = HELO / EHLO friend condition = $ {if eq {$sender_helo_name} {friend} {yes}{no}} deny message =
Gave HELO / EHLO as our IP address log_message = HELO / EHLO our IP address condition = $ {if eq {$sender_helo_name}{$interface_address} {yes}{no}} accept
NOTE : Pursue HELO checking at your own peril .
The HELO is fairly unimportant in the grand scheme of SMTP these days , so do n't put too much faith in whatever it contains .
Some spam might seem to use a telltale HELO string , but you might be surprised at how many legitimate messages start off with a questionable HELO as well .
Anyway , it 's just as easy for a spammer to send a proper HELO than it is to send HELO im .a. spammer , so consider yourself lucky if you 're able to stop much spam this way .
Next , you can perform a check on the sender address or remote host .
This shows how to do that after the RCPT TO command ; if you reject here , as opposed to rejecting after the MAIL FROM , you 'll have better data to log , such as who the message was intended for .
# Specify the ACL to use after RCPT TO acl_smtp_rcpt = check_recipient # Conditions for the check_recipient ACL check_recipient : # [...] drop hosts =
/etc/exim_reject_hosts drop senders = /etc/exim_reject_senders # [ Probably a whole lot more ... ]
This example uses two plain text files as blacklists .
Add appropriate entries to these files - hostnames / IP addresses to /etc / exim_reject_hosts , addresses to /etc / exim_reject_senders , one entry per line .
It is also possible to perform content scanning using a regex against the body of a message , though obviously this can cause Exim to use more CPU than it otherwise would need to , especially on large messages .
# Specify the ACL to use after DATA acl_smtp_data = check_message # Conditions for the check_messages ACL check_message : deny message = " Sorry , Charlie : $ regex_match_string " regex = ^ Subject : : .* Lower your self - esteem by becoming a sysadmin accept
Fix SMTP - Auth for Pine
If pine ca n't use SMTP authentication on an Exim host and just returns an " unable to authenticate " message without even asking for a password , add the following line to exim .
conf :
begin authenticators fixed_plain : driver = plaintext public_name = PLAIN server_condition = " ${perl{checkuserpass} { $ 1} { $ 2} { $ 3}} " server_set_id = $ 2 > server_prompts = :
This was a problem on CPanel Exim builds awhile ago , but they seem to have added this line to their current stock configuration .
Log the subject line
This is one of the most useful configuration tweaks I 've ever found for Exim .
Add this to exim.conf , and you can log the subject lines of messages that pass through your server .
This is great for troubleshooting , and for getting a very rough idea of what messages may be spam .
log_selector = + subject
Reducing or increasing what is logged .
Disable identd lookups
Frankly , I do n't think identd has been useful for a long time , if ever .
Identd relies on the connecting host to confirm the identity ( system UID ) of the remote user who owns the process that is making the network connection .
This may be of some use in the world of shell accounts and IRC users , but it really has no place on a high - volume SMTP server , where the UID is often simply " mail " or whatever the remote MTA runs as , which is useless to know .
It 's overhead , and results in nothing but delays while the identd query is refused or times out .
You can stop your Exim server from making these queries by setting the timeout to zero seconds in exim .
conf :
rfc1413_query_timeout = 0s
Disable Attachment Blocking
To disable the executable - attachment blocking that many Cpanel servers do by default but do n't provide any controls for on a per-domain basis , add the following block to the beginning of the /etc / antivirus .
exim file :
if $ header_to : matches " example\.com|example2\.com " then finish endif
It is probably possible to use a separate file to list these domains , but I have n't had to do this enough times to warrant setting such a thing up .
Searching the logs with exigrep
The exigrep utility ( not to be confused with exiqgrep ) is used to search an exim log for a string or pattern .
It will print all log entries with the same internal message - id as those that matched the pattern , which is very handy since any message will take up at least three lines in the log .
exigrep will search the entire content of a log entry , not just particular fields .
One can search for messages sent from a particular IP address :
root@localhost # exigrep ' <= .* \[ 12.34.56.78\ ] ' / path/to/exim_log
Search for messages sent to a particular IP address :
root@localhost # exigrep ' => .* \[ 12.34.56.78 \ ] '
/ path/to/exim_log
This example searches for outgoing messages , which have the " = > " symbol , sent to " user@domain.tld " .
The pipe to grep for the " < = " symbol will match only the lines with information on the sender - the From address , the sender 's IP address , the message size , the message ID , and the subject line if you have enabled logging the subject .
The purpose of doing such a search is that the desired information is not on the same log line as the string being searched for .
root@localhost # exigrep '= > .*user@domain.tld ' / path/to/exim_log | fgrep '<= '
Generate and display Exim stats from a logfile :
root@localhost # eximstats / path/to/exim_mainlog
Same as above , with less verbose output :
root@localhost # eximstats - ne - nr - nt / path/to/exim_mainlog
Same as above , for one particular day :
root@localhost # fgrep YYYY -MM-DD / path/to/exim_mainlog | eximstats
Bonus !
To delete all queued messages containing a certain string in the body :
root@localhost # grep - lr ' a certain string ' / var / spool / exim / input / | \ sed -e 's /^.*\/\([a-zA -Z0 -9 -]*\ ) -[ DH ] $ / \1/g ' | xargs exim - Mrm
Note that the above only delves into / var / spool / exim in order to grep for queue files with the given string , and that 's just because exiqgrep does n't have a feature to grep the actual bodies of messages .
If you are deleting these files directly , YOU ARE DOING IT WRONG !
Use the appropriate exim command to properly deal with the queue .
If you have to feed many , many message - ids ( such as the output of an `exiqgrep - i` command that returns a lot of matches ) to an exim command , you may exhaust the limit of your shell 's command line arguments .
In that case , pipe the listing of message - ids into xargs to run only a limited number of them at once .
For example , to remove thousands of messages sent from joe@example.com :
root@localhost # exiqgrep - i -f '< joe@example.com >' | xargs exim - Mrm
Speaking of " DOING IT WRONG " -- Attention , CPanel forum readers
I get a number of hits to this page from a link in this post at the CPanel forums .
The question is :
Due to spamming , spoofing from fields , etc. , etc. , etc. , I am finding it necessary to spend more time to clear the exim queue from time to time .
[...] what command would I use to delete the queue
The answer is : Just turn exim off , because your customers are better off knowing that email simply is n't running on your server , than having their queued messages deleted without notice .
Or , figure out what is happening .
The examples given in that post pay no regard to the legitimacy of any message , they simply delete everything , making the presumption that if a message is in the queue , it 's junk .
That is total fallacy .
There are a number of reasons legitimate mail can end up in the queue .
Maybe your backups or CPanel 's " upcp " process are running , and your load average is high -- exim goes into a queue - only mode at a certain threshold , where it stops trying to deliver messages as they come in and just queues them until the load goes back down .
Or , maybe it's an outgoing message , and the DNS lookup failed , or the connection to the domain 's MX failed , or maybe the remote MX is busy or greylisting you with a 4xx deferral .
These are all temporary failures , not permanent ones , and the whole point of having temporary failures in SMTP and a mail queue in your MTA is to be able to try again after awhile .
Exim already purges messages from the queue after the period of time specified in exim.conf .
If you have this value set appropriately , there is absolutely no point in removing everything from your queue every day with a cron job .
You will lose legitimate mail , and the sender and recipient will never know if or why it happened .
Do not do this !
If you regularly have a large number of messages in your queue , find out why they are there .
If they are outbound messages , see who is sending them , where they 're addressed to , and why they are n't getting there .
If they are inbound messages , find out why they are n't getting delivered to your user 's account .
If you need to delete some , use exiqgrep to pick out just the ones that should be deleted .
Reload the configuration
After making changes to exim.conf , you need to give the main exim pid a SIGHUP to re-exec it and have the configuration re-read .
Sure , you could stop and start the service , but that 's overkill and causes a few seconds of unnecessary downtime .
Just do this :
root@localhost # kill - HUP `cat /var / spool / exim/exim-daemon.pid`
You should then see something resembling the following in exim_mainlog :
pid 1079 : SIGHUP received : re-exec daemon exim 4.52 daemon started : pid=1079 , - q1h , listening for SMTP on port 25 ( IPv4 )
Read The Fucking Manual
The Exim Home Page
Documentation For Exim
The Exim Specification - Version 4.5x
Exim command line arguments
Any questions ?
Well , do n't ask me !
I 'm one guy , with just enough time and Exim skills to keep my own stuff running okay .
There are several ( perhaps even dozens ) of people on the Internet who know way more than me , and who are willing to help out random strangers .
Check into the Exim users mailing list , or one of the many web - based gateways to that list .
And good luck .
THINGS FELL APART so quickly .
At the beginning of this millennium , the Cold War was over , the prosperous United States was the sole remaining superpower and global opinion was largely sympathetic to U.S. aims .
In the wake of brutal ethnic wars in Central Europe and Africa , the international community had forged a new determination to prevent conflict and atrocities .
The volatile Middle East was quiet , and the world seemed headed toward stability rather than chaos .
Only six years later , things could n’t be more different .
The Bush administration ’s tunnel - vision approach to foreign policy has pushed the U.S. and the world into a devastating tailspin of conflict without end .
In Afghanistan , this year is shaping up to be the deadliest yet for U.S. troops .
In Iraq , which President Bush promised would be “ a source of true stability in the region , ” the carnage has been mind - boggling , and by late September , the fighting will have dragged on for 3 1/ 2 years -- the same length of time it took us to defeat Germany in World War II .
Advertisement
The total implosion of the Middle East highlights the continuing decline of U.S. prestige and influence .
As Israeli planes -- built with our money -- pummel Lebanon , our world is becoming ever more perilous and American preeminence ever more fragile .
The violent Hezbollah incursion into Israel was a deliberate provocation , to be sure , but Israel ’s response has dizzyingly upped the ante .
Hundreds of Lebanese civilians -- a disproportionate number -- already have been killed by Israeli airstrikes .
More than a dozen Israeli civilians have died in retaliatory Hezbollah rocket attacks .
And that ’s just the beginning .
If Syria or Iran gets drawn into the conflict to bail out their Hezbollah client , Israel will retaliate against them as well .
Spooked by Iran ’s burgeoning nuclear capabilities , Israel may be looking for just such an excuse to launch a punishing strike against Iran .
Advertisement
Even if the conflict does n’t spread , it is already hardening the battle lines between the U.S. and our allies and the Muslim world .
The conflict will breed a new generation of martyrs , a new generation of hungry children growing up amid the rubble and a new generation of mistrustful , bitter fighters -- some of whom will be willing to blow themselves up for the chance of taking Israelis or Americans down with them .
The cataclysm in the Middle East represents the final and total failure of the Bush administration ’s foreign policy .
After 9/11 , the world was on our side , and we had a unique opportunity to turn tragedy into triumph , to strengthen the alliances and global institutions that have long sustained American preeminence .
We wasted that opportunity .
We promised to make the world safer , but we ’ve turned it into a tinderbox .
We promised to unite our allies , but we ’ve sown rage and division .
We promised to promote democracy , but we did so through violent and poorly thought - through “ regime change ” rather than through diplomacy , friendship and foreign aid .
Now Israel , our closest Middle Eastern ally , appears hell - bent on destroying Lebanon -- the second most democratic state in the region , which has been struggling successfully to cast off the Syrian yoke .
Advertisement
A year ago , the administration was pledging to support Lebanon ’s fragile and hard - gained democracy .
Today , “ the country has been torn to shreds , ” as Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora bitterly told diplomats .
“ Is this the price we pay for aspiring to build our democratic institutions ? ”
And as the conflagration worsens , Washington is indecisive and impotent .
We might use our leverage with Israel to push for an immediate cease - fire and a long - term political solution , but we lack the courage to criticize Israel .
The administration ’s insistence on the right to unilateral self - defense ( no matter how disproportionate ) would make any U.S. criticism of Israel hypocritical anyway .
We could use our leverage with Syria to get Syria to make Hezbollah back off , but we have no leverage with Syria .
We refuse to have direct discussions with Syria anyway .
We could use our leverage with Iran to get Iran to make Hezbollah back off , but we have no leverage with Iran .
And we refuse to have direct discussions with Iran anyway , unless Iran agrees to all our nuclear demands in advance .
Advertisement
And Israel , Syria and Iran all know that they can do as they wish at the moment without fear of a meaningful U.S. response .
They understand ( as does North Korea ’s Kim Jong Il ) that we ’re bogged down in Iraq , too overextended to spend time , money or troops to stop the latest catastrophe .
We ’ve burned up every ounce of goodwill we ever had , we ’ve burned every diplomatic bridge we ever had , and now we can do nothing but sit on our hands as the ashes rain down all around us .
Engraved on a wall at the British Imperial War Museum is a phrase attributed to Plato : “ Only the dead have seen the end of war . ”
It was meant as a warning about the perils of arrogance and empire -- and the Bush administration seems determined to prove the aphorism ’s truth .
By SEAN POULTER , Daily Mail
Last updated at 14:07 08 May 2006
For those who are fond of blue Smarties , it is a minor disaster .
But for health campaigners it is a major triumph .
Nestlé Rowntree is to stop producing the blue version of the chocolate beans because it is removing all artificial colours from the casings and there is no natural alternative to the blue chemical currently used .
It will be replaced with a white Smartie , at least until a natural blue dye is found .
Are we over - reacting to additive health scares ?
Tell us in reader comments below
Although Nestlé says it is responding to calls from consumers for more natural ingredients , it has faced heavy lobbying from campaigners worried about the effects of the chemicals on children 's health .
The colours being axed include Brilliant Blue ( E133 ) ; Quinoline Yellow ( E104 ) ; Sunset Yellow ( E110 ) ; Ponceau 4R ( E124 ) ; and Carmoisine ( E122 ) .
A recent study by experts at Liverpool University identified a possible harmful cocktail effect on the nervous system of artificial colours and chemicals .
Two of the colours examined were Brilliant Blue and Quinoline Yellow , which like many others was originally derived from coal tar .
Concerns about Brilliant Blue also include a link to hyperactivity and skin rashes .
It is even listed as cancer risk by US Environment Protection Agency .
Similar health concerns surround the other artificial colours which
are being withdrawn .
The move by Smarties is part of a major shift by the entire industry .
The Co-op and Marks & Spencer have already removed artificial colours and additives from own - label products .
Dr Lizzie Vann , of the Organix company , said : " I applaud Nestlé for doing this .
It is great news for children 's health .
We would now like to see the Government follow suit and announce a legal ban . "
The blue Smartie was introduced in 1989 , replacing the light - brown variety .
Nestlé said the latest change , which comes into effect next month , is part of a long - term drive to ' improve the nutritional qualities ' of its products .
It has already removed artificial colouring from Fruit Gums , Jelly Tots and Fruit Pastilles .
Victoria Beckham has been in talks to host next yearâ€™s Fashion Rocks show at Albert Hall , and hubby David may co-host .
According to reports , she has been in talks with organizers for months to host the UK version of the popular charity concert / fashion show that will take place in London next October .
The do that is held every two years raises money for the Princeâ€™s Trust , and was last hosted by Liz Hurley .
“ They are close to signing the deal .
She has never done anything like it before and it is all a bit daunting but she is much more confident in herself these days , ” a source was quoted by the Sun , as saying .
“ Victoria came up with the idea of David getting involved in a smaller host basis too–so it would make for a great show , ” he added .
Here is a common - sense approach to software development , which I 'll call the checklist approach :
Propose a new feature .
Ask if the feature is useful .
If the feature is useful , implement it .
This essay uses shows why the checklist approach fails : why adding useful new features to a software product can make the overall product less useful to end users .
This is a phenomenon I like to call featuritis .
At its simplest , a software product is a set of n independent features ( i = 1 , ... , n ) .
Each feature has a utility to the customer of u i .
The overall utility of the software product to the customer is therefore
U = Sum ( u i )
This tells you to keep adding features to the software to increase its utility , end of story .
Not very interesting .
But software is not quite so simple as this .
Each feature has not only a utility , but also a cost -- c i .
This is the cost to the end user --- not the developer --- of using or deciding not to use the feature .
The cost may include the time taken to find out about a feature , deciding how to use it , whether it is the right feature to use ( among the options available ) , difficulty exploring and evaluating the feature , and so on .
With this cost added in , the overall utility of the software product to the end user is
U = Sum ( u i - c i )
Let 's keep things really simple , and assume that all features have the same utility ( u ) .
We can't do this for the cost though : the cost of using a feature inevitably depends on the total number of features in the product .
This may be because it takes longer to find information about a particular feature in the documentation or user interface , or because it is more difficult to decide if this is the right feature to use among those that are present , or a host of other reasons ( more on this below ) .
So the cost of finding out about a feature is ( c * n ) .
The overall utility of the software is then
U = Sum ( u - c * n )
or , as all the terms are equal ,
U = n ( u - c * n )
Which looks like this :
The utility function increases up to a maximum at n = ( u / 2 c ) , and then decreases : that is , beyond a certain point , adding new features actually makes the software less useful .
In other words , software is vulnerable to featuritis : it can become so complex that its complexity makes it useless .
It may contain useful features , but finding these needles in the haystack of the product is frustratingly difficult .
Experience tells us that this is a reasonable , if not surprising , result .
What is more , adding features that are useful in and of themselves can still introduce featuritis .
For a feature to be useful , its utility ( u ) must be greater than the cost of finding out about it ( c * n ) .
So using this model , features will be added to the software until the following condition is met
n = u / c .
which is where the line crosses the x axis .
The maximum utility of the software occurs at half this value ( n = u / 2 c ) : if we continue to add features until the last feature is only just useful , the overall utility of the software will be U = 0 .
If features were stopped at ( u / 2 c ) , the utility would be U = ( u2 / 4 c ) .
Even a useful feature degrades the usability of other product features , by making them harder to use ( increasing the cost of using them ) .
It follows that checklist driven software development will lead to poor software .
Checklists are simply lists of useful features , without any consideration of the costs they introduce to the customer .
A longer checklist is often assumed to be intrinsically better than a short checklist , but we have just seen that this may not be so .
What it is about this very simple model that produces these results ?
The key assumption is that features have independent utilities , but that the costs of using features are not independent .
In economists ' jargon , features exert a negative externality on each other .
Is there a reason to think this might be true ?
The independence of feature utility is simply a matter of defining a feature
properly .
For example , if a very common scenario requires two " features " ( A and B ) then the utility of feature A depends very much on whether feature B is present or not .
By itself , the utility of feature A may be very low -- you can't do much with it by itself .
Once feature B is present , though , feature A becomes very useful .
They are not independent features .
The problem here is that " features " A and B are incomplete , and so are really part of a single properly - defined " feature " .
The model requires that we define features in terms of tasks that customers can carry out .
The model does not tell us to implement 5 / 6 of a feature and then not implement the last sixth because of complexity worries .
The second assumption is that the cost of using a feature is dependent on other product features .
The idea of a cost of using a feature is a very general one , and is not only " how long does it take to locate this feature in the documentation ? " .
It may also reflect the confusion and uncertainty introduced by a plethora of choices .
For example , if there are multiple ways of carrying out a task , the customer must decide which way is the best .
If there are other features that appear to be related , the customer must investigate those ( and discard them ) before deciding on a course of action .
If there are prerequisite features that must be understood , the customer must learn these also .
They must spend time evaluating the alternatives .
It seems reasonable to assume that the cost of wisely using an appropriate feature does depend on the overall complexity ( number of features ) in the product .
The job of user interface designers and documentation teams is , at least in part , to minimize this destructive interference between product features .
Good UI and documentation can help postpone the point at which featuritis sets in , but can't hold it back for ever .
Of course , while simplified models like this might help us watch out for certain kinds of trap , they can't help us decide which specific features to include , and which to discard .
Also , there is not much to be gained from trying to pinpoint the particular u and c associated with features or products .
Despite the equations , it is a qualitative model and cannot be easily quantified in a useful manner .
Finally , while it is certainly true that ui and ci are far from constant in any product , there is probably not a lot to be gained by trying to refine their representation .
As soon as models like this are made more complex , the result is a very open - ended and conditional prediction .
Building fine software products can't be reduced to equations .
But I do think the central ideas are broadly correct : complexity does influences cost and utility in different ways , software does tend to become overly complex .
and --- most importantly --- asking " is this a useful feature ? " is not the right way to develop good products .
From HaskellWiki
What are functional programming languages ?
Programming languages such as C/C++/ Java / Python are called imperative programming languages because they consist of sequences of actions .
The programmer quite explicitly tells the computer how to perform a task , step - by - step .
Functional programming languages work differently .
Rather than performing actions in a sequence , they evaluate expressions .
The level of abstraction
There are two areas that are fundamental to programming a computer - resource management and sequencing .
Resource management ( allocating registers and memory ) has been the target of vast abstraction , most new languages ( imperative as well as functional ) have implemented garbage collection to remove resource management from the problem , and lets the programmer focus on the algorithm instead of the book - keeping task of allocating memory .
Sequencing has also undergone some abstraction , although not nearly to the same extent .
Imperative languages have done so by introducing new keywords and standard libraries .
For example , most imperative languages have special syntax for constructing several slightly different loops , you no longer have to do all the tasks of managing these loops yourself .
But imperative languages are based upon the notion of sequencing - they can never escape it completely .
The only way to raise the level of abstraction in the sequencing area for an imperative language is to introduce more keywords or standard functions , thus cluttering up the language .
This close relationship between imperative languages and the task of sequencing commands for the processor to execute means that imperative languages can never rise above the task of sequencing , and as such can never reach the same level of abstraction that functional programming languages can .
In Haskell , the sequencing task is removed .
You only care what the program is to compute not how or when it is computed .
This makes Haskell a more flexible and easy to use language .
Haskell tends to be part of the solution for a problem , not a part of the problem itself .
Functions and side - effects in functional languages
Functions play an important role in functional programming languages .
Functions are considered to be values just like integers or strings .
A function can return another function , it can take a function as a parameter , and it can even be constructed by composing functions .
This offers a stronger " glue " to combine the modules of your program .
A function that evaluates some expression can take part of the computation as an argument for instance , thus making the function more modular .
You could also have a function construct another function .
For instance , you could define a function " differentiate " that will differentiate a given function numerically .
So if you then have a function " f " you could define " f ' = differentiate f " , and use it like you would normally in a mathematical context .
These types of functions are called higher order functions .
Here is a short Haskell example of a function numOf that counts the number of elements in a list that satisfy a certain property .
numOf p xs = length ( filter p xs )
We will discuss Haskell syntax later , but what this line says is just " To get the result , filter the list xs by the test p and compute the length of the result " .
Now p is a function that takes an element and returns True or False determining whether the element passes or fails the test .
So numOf is a higher order function , some of the functionality is passed to it as an argument .
Notice that filter is also a higher order function , it takes the " test function " as an argument .
Let 's play with this function and define some more specialized functions from it .
numOfEven xs = numOf even xs
Here we define the function numOfEven which counts the number of even elements in a list .
Note that we do not need to explicitly declare xs as a parameter .
We could just as well write numOfEven = numOf even .
A very clear definition indeed .
But we 'll explicitly type out the parameters for now .
Let 's define a function which counts the number of elements that are greater or equal to 5 :
numOfGE5 xs = numOf ( >= 5 ) xs
Here the test function is just " > =5 " which is passed to numOf to give us the functionality we need .
Hopefully you should now see that the modularity of functional programming allows us to define a generic functions where some of the functionality is passed as an argument , which we can later use to define shorthands for any specialized functions .
This small example is somewhat trivial , it would n't be too hard to re-write the function definition for all the functions above , but for more complex functions this comes in handy .
You can , for instance , write only one function for traversing an auto - balancing binary tree and have it take some of the functionality as a parameter ( for instance the comparison function ) .
This would allow you to traverse the tree for any data type by simply providing the relevant comparison function for your needs .
Thus you can expend some effort in making sure the general function is correct , and then all the specialized functions will also be correct .
Not to mention you would n't have to copy and paste code all over your project .
This concept is possible in some imperative languages as well .
In some object oriented languages you often have to provide a " Comparator object " for trees and other standard data structures .
The difference is that the Haskell way is a lot more intuitive and elegant ( creating a separate type just for comparing two other types and then passing an object of this type is hardly an elegant way of doing it ) , so it 's more likely to be used frequently ( and not just in the standard libraries ) .
A central concept in functional languages is that the result of a function is determined by its input , and only by its input .
There are no side - effects !
This extends to variables as well - variables in Haskell do not vary .
This may sound strange if you 're used to imperative programming ( where most of the code consists of changing the " contents " of a variable ) , but it 's really quite natural .
A variable in Haskell is a name that is bound to some value , rather than an abstraction of some low - level concept of a memory cell like in imperative languages .
When variables are thought of as short - hands for values ( just like they are in mathematics ) , it makes perfect sense that variable updates are not allowed .
You would n't expect " 4 = 5 " to be a valid assignment in any language , so it 's really quite strange that " x = 4 ; x = 5 " is .
This is often hard to grasp for programmers who are very used to imperative languages , but it is n't as strange as it first seems .
So when you start thinking things like " This is too weird , I 'm going back to C++! " , try to force yourself to continue learning Haskell - you 'll be glad you did .
Removing side - effects from the equation allows expressions to be evaluated in any order .
A function will always return the same result if passed the same input - no exceptions .
This determinism removes a whole class of bugs found in imperative programs .
In fact , you could even argue that most bugs in large systems can be traced back to side - effects - if not directly caused by them , then caused by a flawed design that relies on side - effects .
This means that functional programs tend to have far fewer bugs than imperative ones .
Conclusion
Because functional languages are more intuitive and offer more and easier ways to get the job done , functional programs tend to be shorter ( usually between 2 to 10 times shorter ) .
The semantics are most often a lot closer to the problem than an imperative version , which makes it easier to verify that a function is correct .
Furthermore Haskell does n't allow side - effects , which leads to fewer bugs .
Thus Haskell programs are easier to write , more robust , and easier to maintain .
What can Haskell offer the programmer ?
Haskell is a modern general purpose language developed to incorporate the collective wisdom of the functional programming community into one elegant , powerful and general language .
Purity
Unlike some other functional programming languages Haskell is pure .
It does n't allow any side - effects .
This is probably the most important feature of Haskell .
We 've already briefly discussed the benefits of pure , side - effect free , programming - and there 's not much more we can say about that .
You 'll need to experience it yourself .
Laziness
Another feature of Haskell is that it is lazy ( technically speaking , it 's " non-strict " ) .
This means that nothing is evaluated until it has to be evaluated .
You could , for instance , define an infinite list of primes without ending up in infinite recursion .
Only the elements of this list that are actually used will be computed .
This allows for some very elegant solutions to many problems .
A typical pattern of solving a problem would be to define a list of all possible solutions and then filtering away the illegal ones .
The remaining list will then only contain legal solutions .
Lazy evaluation makes this operation very clean .
If you only need one solution you can simply extract the first element of the resulting list - lazy evaluation will make sure that nothing is needlessly computed .
Strong typing
Furthermore Haskell is strongly typed , this means just what it sounds like .
It 's impossible to inadvertently convert a Double to an Int , or follow a null pointer .
This also leads to fewer bugs .
It might be a pain in the neck in the rare cases where you need to convert an Int to a Double explicitly before performing some operation , but in practice this does n't happen often enough to become a nuisance .
In fact , forcing each conversion to be explicit often helps to highlight problem code .
In other languages where these conversions are invisible , problems often arise when the compiler treats a double like an integer or , even worse , an integer like a pointer .
Unlike other strongly typed languages types in Haskell are automatically inferred .
This means that you very rarely have to declare the types of your functions , except as a means of code documentation .
Haskell will look at how you use the variables and figure out from there what type the variable should be - then it will all be type - checked to ensure there are no type - mismatches .
Python has the notion of " duck typing " , meaning " If it walks and talks like a duck , it 's a duck ! " .
You could argue that Haskell has a much better form of duck typing .
If a value walks and talks like a duck , then it will be considered a duck through type inference , but unlike Python the compiler will also catch errors if later on it tries to bray like a donkey !
So you get the benefits of strong typing ( bugs are caught at compile - time , rather than run-time ) without the hassle that comes with it in other languages .
Furthermore Haskell will always infer the most general type on a variable .
So if you write , say , a sorting function without a type declaration , Haskell will make sure the function will work for all values that can be sorted .
Compare how you would do this in certain object oriented languages .
To gain polymorphism you would have to use some base class , and then declare your variables as instances of subclasses to this base class .
It all amounts to tons of extra work and ridiculously complex declarations just to proclaim the existence of a variable .
Furthermore you would have to perform tons of type conversions via explicit casts - definitely not a particularly elegant solution .
If you want to write a polymorphic function in these object oriented languages you would probably declare the parameters as an object of a global base class ( like " Object " in Java ) , which essentially allows the programmer to send anything into the function , even objects which can't logically be passed to the function .
The end result is that most functions you write in these languages are not general , they only work on a single data type .
You 're also moving the error checking from compile - time to run-time .
In large systems where some of the functionality is rarely used , these bugs might never be caught until they cause a fatal crash at the worst possible time .
Haskell provides an elegant , concise and safe way to write your programs .
Programs will not crash unexpectedly , nor produce strangely garbled output .
Elegance
Another property of Haskell that is very important to the programmer , even though it does n't mean as much in terms of stability or performance , is the elegance of Haskell .
To put it simply : stuff just works like you 'd expect it to .
To highlight the elegance of Haskell we shall now take a look at a small example .
We choose QuickSort - inspired filtering sort because it's a simple algorithm that is actually useful .
We will look at two versions - one written in C++ , an imperative language , and one written in Haskell .
Both versions use only the functionality available to the programmer without importing any extra modules ( otherwise we could just call " sort " in each language 's standard library and be done with it ! ) .
Thus , we use the standard sequence primitives of each language ( a " list " in Haskell and an " array " in C++ ) .
Both versions must also be polymorphic ( which is done " automatically " in Haskell , and with templates in C++ ) .
Both versions must use the same recursive algorithm .
Please note that this is not intended as a definite comparison between the two languages .
It 's intended to show the elegance of Haskell , the C++ version is only included for comparison ( and would be coded quite differently if you used the standard QuickSort algorithm or the Standard Template Libraries ( STL ) , for example ) .
template < typename T > void qsort ( T *result , T * list , int n ) { if ( n == 0 ) return ; T *smallerList , * largerList ; smallerList = new T[ n ] ; largerList = new T[ n ] ; T pivot = list [ 0 ] ; int numSmaller=0 , numLarger=0 ; for ( int i = 1 ; i < n ; i++ ) if ( list [ i ] < pivot ) smallerList[numSmaller ++] = list [ i ] ; else largerList[ numLarger ++] = list [ i ] ; qsort ( smallerList , smallerList , numSmaller ) ; qsort( largerList , largerList , numLarger ) ; int pos = 0 ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < numSmaller ; i++) result [ pos ++] = smallerList[i ] ; result [ pos ++] = pivot ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < numLarger ; i++) result [ pos ++] = largerList[i ] ; delete [ ] smallerList ; delete [ ] largerList ; } ;
We will not explain this code further , just note how complex and difficult it is to understand at a glance , largely due to the programmer having to deal with low - level details which have nothing to do with the task at hand .
Now , let 's take a look at a Haskell version of FilterSort , which might look a something like this .
qsort :: ( Ord a ) => [ a ] -> [ a ] qsort [ ] = [ ] qsort ( x : xs ) = qsort less ++ [ x ] ++ qsort more where less = filter ( < x ) xs more = filter ( >= x ) xs
( This implementation has very poor runtime and space complexity , but that can be improved , at the expense of some of the elegance . )
Let 's dissect this code in detail , since it uses quite a lot of Haskell syntax that you might not be familiar with .
The first line is a type signature .
It declares " qsort " to be function that takes a list " [ a ] " as input and returns ( " - > " ) another list " [ a ] " .
" a " is a type variable ( vaguely similar to a C++ template declaration ) , and " ( Ord a ) " is a constraint that means that only types that have an ordering are allowed .
This function is a generic ( " template " ) function , that can sort any list of pairwise - comparable objects .
The phrase " ( Ord a ) = > [ a ] -> [ a ] " means " if the type ' a ' is ordered , than a list of ' a ' can be passed in , and another list of ' a ' will come out . "
The function is called qsort and takes a list as a parameter .
We define a function in Haskell like so : funcname a b c = expr , where funcname is the name of the function , a , b , and , c are the parameters and expr is the expression to be evaluated ( most often using the parameters ) .
Functions are called by simply putting the function name first and then the parameter (s ) .
Haskell does n't use parenthesis for function application .
Functions simply bind more tightly than anything else , so " f 5 * 2 " , for instance , would apply f to 5 and then multiply by 2 , if we wanted the multiplication to occur before the function application then we would use parenthesis like so " f ( 5 * 2 ) " .
Let 's get back to FilterSort .
First we see that we have two definitions of the functions .
This is called pattern matching and we can briefly say that it will test the argument passed to the function top - to - bottom and use the first one that matches .
The first definition matches against [ ] which in Haskell is the empty list ( a list of 1,2 and 3 is [ 1,2,3 ] so it makes sense that an empty list is just two brackets ) .
So when we try to sort an empty list , the result will be an empty list .
Sounds reasonable enough , does n't it ?
The second definition pattern matches against a list with at least one element .
It does this by using ( x :xs ) for its argument .
The " cons " operator is ( :) and it simply puts an element in front of a list , so that 0 : [ 1,2,3 ] returns [ 0, 1,2,3 ] .
Pattern matching against ( x:xs ) is a match against the list with the head x and the tail xs ( which may or may not be the empty list ) .
In other words , ( x :xs ) is a list of at least one element .
So since we will need to use the head of the list later , we can actually extract this very elegantly by using pattern matching .
You can think of it as naming the contents of the list .
This can be done on any data construct , not just a list .
It is possible to pattern match against an arbitrary variable name and then use the head function on that to retrieve the head of the list .
Now if we have a non empty list , the sorted list is produced by sorting all elements that are smaller than x and putting that in front of x , then we sort all elements larger than x and put those at the end .
We do this by using the list concatenation operator ++.
Notice that x is not a list so the ++ operator wo n't work on it alone , which is why we make it a singleton - list by putting it inside brackets .
So the function reads " To sort the list , sandwich the head between the sorted list of all elements smaller than the head , and the sorted list of all elements larger than the head " .
Which could very well be the original algorithm description .
This is very common in Haskell .
A function definition usually resembles the informal description of the function very closely .
This is why I say that Haskell has a smaller semantic gap than other languages .
But wait , we 're not done yet !
How is the list less and more computed ?
Well , remember that we do n't care about sequencing in Haskell , so we 've defined them below the function using the where notation ( which allows any definitions to use the parameters of the function to which they belong ) .
We use the standard prelude function filter , I wo n't elaborate too much on this now , but the line less = filter ( < x ) xs will use filter ( < x ) xs to filter the list xs .
You can see that we actually pass the function which will be used to filter the list to filter , an example of higher order functions .
The function ( < x ) should be read out " the function ' less than x ' " and will return
True if an element passed to it is less than x ( notice how easy it was to construct a function on the fly , we put the expression " < x " , " less than x " , in parenthesis and sent it off to the function - functions really are just another value ! ) .
All elements that pass the test are output from the filter function and put inside less .
In a same way ( > =x ) is used to filter the list for all elements larger than or equal to x .
Now that you 've had the syntax explained to you , read the function definition again .
Notice how little time it takes to get an understanding about what the function does .
The function definitions in Haskell explain what it computes , not how .
If you 've already forgotten the syntax outlined above , do n't worry !
We 'll go through it more thoroughly and at a slower pace in the tutorials .
The important thing to get from this code example is that Haskell code is elegant and intuitive .
Haskell and bugs
We have several times stated that various features of Haskell help fight the occurrence of bugs .
Let 's recap these .
Haskell programs have fewer bugs because Haskell is :
Pure .
There are no side effects .
Strongly typed .
There can be no dubious use of types .
And No Core Dumps !
Concise .
Programs are shorter which make it easier to look at a function and " take it all in " at once , convincing yourself that it 's correct .
High level .
Haskell programs most often reads out almost exactly like the algorithm description .
Which makes it easier to verify that the function does what the algorithm states .
By coding at a higher level of abstraction , leaving the details to the compiler , there is less room for bugs to sneak in .
Memory managed .
There 's no worrying about dangling pointers , the Garbage Collector takes care of all that .
The programmer can worry about implementing the algorithm , not book - keeping of the memory .
Modular .
Haskell offers stronger and more " glue " to compose your program from already developed modules .
Thus Haskell programs can be more modular .
Often used modular functions can thus be proven correct by induction .
Combining two functions that are proven to be correct , will also give the correct result ( assuming the combination is correct ) .
Furthermore most people agree that you just think differently when solving problems in a functional language .
You subdivide the problem into smaller and smaller functions and then you write these small ( and " almost - guaranteed - to - be- correct " ) functions , which are composed in various ways to the final result .
There just is n't any room for bugs !
Haskell vs OOP
The great benefit of Object Oriented Programming is rarely that you group your data with the functions that act upon it together into an object - it's that it allows for great data encapsulation ( separating the interface from implementation ) and polymorphism ( letting a whole set of data types behave the same way ) .
However :
Data encapsulation and polymorphism are not exclusive to OOP !
Haskell has tools for abstracting data .
We can't really get into it without first going through the module system and how abstract data types ( ADT ) work in Haskell , something which is well beyond the scope of this essay .
We will therefore settle for a short description of how ADTs and polymorphism works in Haskell .
Data encapsulation is done in Haskell by declaring each data type in a separate module , from this module you only export the interface .
Internally there might be a host of functions that touch the actual data , but the interface is all that 's visible from outside of the module .
Note that the data type and the functions that act upon the data type are not grouped into an " object " , but they are ( typically ) grouped into the same module , so you can choose to only export certain functions ( and not the constructors for the data type ) thus making these functions the only way to manipulate the data type - " hiding " the implementation from the interface .
Polymorphism is done by using something called type classes .
Now , if you come from a C++ or Java background you might associate classes with something resembling a template for how to construct an object , but that 's not what they mean in Haskell .
A type class in Haskell is really just what it sounds like .
It 's a set of rules for determining whether a type is an instance of that class .
So Haskell separates the class instantiation and the construction of the data type .
You might declare a type " Porsche " , to be an instance of the " Car " type class , say .
All functions that can be applied onto any other member of the Car type class can then be applied to a Porsche as well .
A class that 's included with Haskell is the Show type class , for which a type can be instantiated by providing a show function , which converts the data type to a String .
Consequently almost all types in Haskell can be printed onto the screen by applying show on them to convert them to a String , and then using the relevant IO action ( more on IO in the tutorials ) .
Note how similar this is to the the object notion in OOP when it comes to the polymorphism aspect .
The Haskell system is a more intuitive system for handling polymorphism .
You wo n't have to worry about inheriting in the correct hierarchical order or to make sure that the inheritance is even sensible .
A class is just a class , and types that are instances of this class really do n't have to share some parent - child inheritance relationship .
If your data type fulfills the requirements of a class , then it can be instantiated in that class .
Simple , is n't it ?
Remember the QuickSort example ?
Remember that I said it was polymorphic ?
The secret behind the polymorphism in qsort is that it is defined to work on any type in the Ord type class ( for " Ordered " ) .
Ord has a set of functions defined , among them is " < " and " > = " which are sufficient for our needs because we only need to know whether an element is smaller than x or not .
So if we were to define the Ord functions for our Porsche type ( it 's sufficient to implement , say , <= and == , Haskell will figure out the rest from those ) in an instantiation of the Ord type class , we could then use qsort to sort lists of Porsches ( even though sorting Porsches might not make sense ) .
Note that we never say anything about which classes the elements of the list must be defined for , Haskell will infer this automatically from just looking at which functions we have used ( in the qsort example , only " < " and " > = " are relevant ) .
So to summarize : Haskell does include mechanisms for data encapsulation that match or surpass those of OOP languages .
The only thing Haskell does not provide is a way to group functions and data together into a single " object " ( aside from creating a data type which includes a function - remember , functions are data ! ) .
This is , however , a very minor problem .
To apply a function to an object you would write " func obj a b c " instead of something like " obj.func a b c " .
Modularity
A central concept in computing is modularity .
A popular analogy is this : say you wanted to construct a wooden chair .
If you construct the parts of it separately , and then glue them together , the task is solved easily .
But if you were to carve the whole thing out of a solid piece of wood , it would prove to be quite a bit harder .
John Hughes had this to say on the topic in his paper Why Functional Programming Matters
" Languages which aim to improve productivity must support modular programming well .
But new scope rules and mechanisms for separate compilation are not enough - modularity means more than modules .
Our ability to decompose a problem into parts depends directly on our ability to glue solutions together .
To assist modular programming , a language must provide good glue .
Functional programming languages provide two new kinds of glue - higher - order functions and lazy evaluation . "
The speed of Haskell
Let me first state clearly that the following only applies to the general case in which speed is n't absolutely critical , where you can accept a few percent longer execution time for the benefit of reducing development time greatly .
There are cases when speed is the primary concern , and then the following section will not apply to the same extent .
Now , some C++ programmers might claim that the C++ version of QuickSort above is probably a bit faster than the Haskell version .
And this might be true .
For most applications , though , the difference in speed is so small that it 's utterly irrelevant .
For instance , take a look at the Computer Language Benchmarks Game , where Haskell compares favorably to most of the so called " fast " languages .
Now , these benchmarks do n't prove all that much about real - world performance , but they do show that Haskell is n't as slow as some people think .
At the time of writing it's in 4th position , only slightly behind C and C ++.
Almost all programs in use today have a fairly even spread of processing time among its functions .
The most notable exceptions are applications like MPEG encoders , and artificial benchmarks , which spend a large portion of their execution time within a small portion of the code .
If you really need speed at all costs , consider using C instead of Haskell .
There 's an old rule in computer programming called the " 80/20 rule " .
It states that 80 % of the time is spent in 20 % of the code .
The consequence of this is that any given function in your system will likely be of minimal importance when it comes to optimizations for speed .
There may be only a handful of functions important enough to optimize .
These important functions could be written in C ( using the excellent foreign function interface in Haskell ) .
The role of C could , and probably will , take over the role of assembler programming - you use it for the really time - critical bits of your system , but not for the whole system itself .
We should continue to move to higher levels of abstraction , just like we 've done before .
We should trade application speed for increased productivity , stability and maintainability .
Programmer time is almost always more expensive than CPU time .
We are n't writing applications in assembler anymore for the same reason we should n't be writing applications in C anymore .
Finally remember that algorithmic optimization can give much better results than code optimization .
For theoretical examples when factors such as development times and stability does n't matter , then sure , C is often faster than Haskell .
But in the real world development times do matter , this is n't the case .
If you can develop your Haskell application in one tenth the time it would take to develop it in C ( from experience , this is not at all uncommon ) you will have lots of time to profile and implement new algorithims .
So in the " real world " where we do n't have infinite amounts of time to program our applications , Haskell programs can often be much faster than C programs .
Epilogue
So if Haskell is so great , how come it is n't " mainstream " ?
Well , one reason is that the operating system is probably written in C or some other imperative language , so if your application mainly interacts with the internals of the OS , you may have an easier time using imperative languages .
Another reason for the lack of Haskell , and other functional languages , in mainstream use is that programming languages are rarely thought of as tools ( even though they are ) .
To most people their favorite programming language is much more like religion - it just seems unlikely that any other language exists that can get the job done better and faster .
There is an essay by Paul Graham called Beating the Averages describing his experience using Common Lisp , another functional language , for an upstart company .
In it he uses an analogy which he calls " The Blub Paradox " .
It goes a little something like this :
If a programmer 's favorite language is Blub , which is positioned somewhere in the middle of the " power spectrum " , he can most often only identify languages that are lower down in the spectrum .
He can look at COBOL and say " How can anyone get anything done in that language , it does n't have feature x " , x being a feature in Blub .
However , this Blub programmer has a harder time looking the other way in the spectrum .
If he examines languages that are higher up in the power spectrum , they will just seem " weird " because the Blub programmer is " thinking in Blub " and can not possibly see the uses for various features of more powerful languages .
It goes without saying that this inductively leads to the conclusion that to be able to compare all languages you 'll need to position yourself at the top of the power spectrum .
It is my belief that functional languages , almost by definition , are closer to the top of the power spectrum than imperative ones .
So languages can actually limit a programmers frame of thought .
If all you 've ever programmed is Blub , you may not see the limitations of Blub - you may only do that by switching to another level which is more powerful .
One of the reasons the mainstream does n't use Haskell is because people feel that " their " language does " everything they need " .
And of course it does , because they are thinking in Blub !
Languages are n't just technology , it 's a way of thinking .
And if you 're not thinking in Haskell , it is very hard to see the use of Haskell - even if Haskell would allow you to write better applications in a shorter amount of time !
Hopefully this article has helped you break out of the Blub paradox .
Even though you may not yet " think in Haskell " , it is my hope that you are at least aware of any limitations in your frame of thought imposed by your current " favorite " language , and that you now have more motivation to expand it by learning something new .
If you are committed to learn a functional language , to get a better view of the power spectrum , then Haskell is an excellent candidate .
Summary : Macintosh - style interaction design has reached its limits .
A new paradigm , called results - oriented UI , might well be the way to empower users in the future .
For the last twenty - five years , one user interface style has reigned supreme : the Macintosh - style graphical user interface .
It 's now reached its limits , however , and will be replaced by a style that partly reverses some of its most treasured interaction principles .
Compared with earlier interaction paradigms , the Mac - style GUI 's features are far more usable : rather than typing in commands and parameters , users select commands from menus , freeing them from typing errors .
Menus , toolbars , and dialog boxes operate on the screen 's visual objects , which faithfully represent user goals .
This is known as WYSIWYG , or What You See Is What You Get .
I refer to this style as " Mac - style , " even though it originated at Xerox PARC and was first commercialized in the Xerox Star and Apple Lisa .
WYSIWYG was a great advance over earlier interactions , in which users specified their goals more abstractly and did n't see the results until far later .
To make text bold in a WYSIWYG interface , for example , you highlight the text with the mouse and choose the " Bold " command from a formatting menu .
Easy .
And , even more important , as soon as you choose the formatting command , the document 's screen appearance changes to reflect the new formatting .
At any given time , what you see on the screen is what you 've built and what you 'll get if you print it .
In earlier systems , such as WordStar , you had to surround the text with typed commands — such as < bold - on > and < bold - off > — to change its appearance .
Only when you printed the document would you see whether the changes were done correctly and to your liking .
Anybody who has hand - coded HTML knows how highly error - prone and difficult this approach is .
Obviously , WYSIWYG was a great usability advance , as was the entire Mac - like GUI , which is why it survived for so long .
WYSIWYG Limitations
Unfortunately , we 've now reached the limits of the current GUI paradigm .
Displaying commands in menus , toolbars , and dialog boxes works with a limited number of elements .
But Microsoft Word 2003 has 1,500 commands , and users typically have no clue where to find most of them .
Another WYSIWYG downside is that it forces too much manual labor on users and requires a stretch of imagination to envision results in advance .
Yes , you can gradually massage your work into the shape you desire , one modification at a time , and visually confirm progress as you go .
But you have to make each modification yourself , at the cost of many a mouse click .
Even worse , you begin with a blank screen and must build up to your goal one step at a time .
Although Michelangelo might readily see a statue hidden within an uncarved marble block , such a feat is considerably more taxing for the average person .
Direct manipulation of WYSIWYG objects thus has three primary limitations :
A plethora of commands , each of which you must locate ( most people do n't , and thus never use most of the features they 've paid for ) .
Lots of chopping away at the edges to shape your marble block of a blank screen into your desired goal ( leading to a great loss of productivity ) .
No guidance relative to the goal ; you must determine how to reach your goal from the starting state by combining multiple primitive commands .
( This denies most users their expressive power ; people are generally better at modifying an existing design than creating one from scratch . )
Much as I have criticized Microsoft for its thousands of buried features , the company actually has a good usability team and was well aware of the problems .
Basically , it tried to retrofit usability onto an overly complicated foundation and failed .
Microsoft has now finally realized that enough is enough :
The company is parting ways with the old UI and going for something completely new .
( As we move to a new paradigm , we must retain the key benefit of WYSIWYG : that the primary visual representation of objects has a close - to - identity mapping onto the target domain so that users employ a trivial evaluation function to judge whether they are getting what they want . )
Next Generation : Results - Oriented UI
The next version of Microsoft Office ( Office 2007 , code - named " Office 12 " ) will be based on a new interaction paradigm called the results - oriented user interface .
As the demos show , the most obvious departure from the past is that menus and toolbars are all but wiped out .
The focus is now on letting users specify the results they want , rather than focusing on the primitive operations required to reach their goals .
The new interface displays galleries of possible end - states , each of which combine many formatting operations .
From this gallery , you select the complete look of your target — say an org chart or an entire document — and watch it change shape as you mouse over the alternatives in the gallery .
The interaction paradigm has been reversed ; it 's now What You Get Is What You See , or WYGIWYS .
It 's as if you could point to a marble block and say , " I want it to be the David — or maybe Venus de Milo , " as you flip through a book of famous statues .
Every time you mention a design , your marble block would morph accordingly , but with your content ( say , the face or the size ) in place of that original element .
It 'll take a Star - Trek - style holodeck to make a results - oriented UI for actual sculpting , but it should be possible to build one today for a 3D drawing program or other creativity software .
For now , we can explore how the results - oriented UI works for productivity software like Microsoft Office .
Although I 'll reserve final judgment until I 've worked with the software for an extended period , the new design does seem to resolve many of the problems with recent user interfaces .
If anybody else introduced a new user interface paradigm , it would probably remain a curiosity for years , but Microsoft Office has a special status as the world 's most - used interaction design .
We know from user testing that users often demand that other user interfaces work like Office .
When you 're used to one style most of the day , you want it in other applications and screens as well .
If the new interaction style works as well as early predictions indicate , users will quickly expect many other user experiences to provide the power of a results - oriented design .
People do n't like messing with commands and preference settings on the Web , which is why most customization features fail .
It 'll therefore be interesting to see how these new ideas translate into environments far beyond Office - like productivity applications .
( Update :
The ribbon was indeed used in several of the winning application designs of 2008 — only a year after it was released . )
I wondered if there could be an actual chemical causing the massive obesity epidemic , so did a friend of mine , John Erb .
He was a research assistant at the University of Waterloo in Ontario , Canada , and spent years working for the government .
He made an amazing discovery while going through scientific journals for a book he was writing called " The Slow Poisoning of America " .
In hundreds of studies around the world , scientists were creating obese mice and rats to use in diet or diabetes test studies .
No strain of rat or mice is naturally obese , so the scientists have to create them .
They make these morbidly obese creatures by injecting them with MSG when they are first born .
The MSG triples the amount of insulin the pancreas creates ; causing rats ( and humans ? ) to become obese .
They even have a title for the fat rodents they create : " MSG - Treated Rats " .
I was shocked too .
I went to my kitchen , checking the cupboards and the fridge .
MSG was in everything :
The Campbell 's soups , the Hostess Doritos , the Lays flavoured potato chips , Top Ramen , Betty Crocker Hamburger Helper , Heinz canned gravy , Swanson frozen prepared meals , Kraft salad dressings , especially the ' healthy low fat ' ones .
The items that did n't have MSG marked on the product label had something called '' Hydrolyzed Vegetable Protein ' ' , which is just another name for Monosodium Glutamate .
It was shocking to see just how many of the foods we feed our children everyday are filled with this stuff .
They hide MSG under many different names in order to fool those who carefully read the ingredient list , so they do n't catch on .
( Other names for MSG : ' Accent ' - ' Aginomoto ' - ' Natural Meet Tenderizer ' , etc )
But it did n't stop there .
When our family went out to eat , we started asking at the restaurants what menu items had MSG .
Many employees , even the managers , swore they did n't use MSG .
But when we ask for the ingredient list , which they grudgingly provided , sure enough MSG and Hydrolyzed Vegetable Protein were everywhere : Burger King McDonalds Wendy 's Taco Bell
And every restaurant like : TGIF , Chilis ' , Applebees and Denny 's use MSG in abundance .
Kentucky Fried Chicken seemed to be the WORST offender : MSG was in EVERY chicken dish , salad dressing and gravy .
No wonder I loved to eat that coating on the skin , their secret spice was MSG .
So , why is MSG in so may of the foods we eat ?
Is it a preservative or a vitamin ??
Not according to my friend John .
In the book he wrote , an expose of the food additive industry called " The Slow Poisoning of America " he said that MSG is added to food for the addictive effect it has on the human body .
http://www.spofamerica.com
Even the propaganda website sponsored by the food manufacturers lobby group supporting MSG at : http://www.msgfactscom/facts/msgfact12.html explains that the reason they add it to food is to make people EAT MORE OF THEIR PRODUCTS .
A study of the elderly showed that people eat more of the foods it is added to .
The Glutamate Association lobby group says eating more benefits the elderly , but what does it do to the rest of us ?
' Betcha ca n't eat just one ' , takes on a whole new meaning where MSG is concerned !
And we wonder why the nation is overweight ?
The MSG manufacturers themselves admit that it addicts people to their products .
It makes people choose their product over others , and makes people eat more of it than they would if MSG was n't added .
Not only is MSG scientifically proven to cause obesity , it is an addictive substance !
Since its introduction into the American food supply fifty years ago , MSG has been added in larger and larger doses to the pre-packaged meals , soups , snacks and fast foods we are tempted to eat everyday .
The FDA has set no limits on how much of it can be added to food .
They claim it 's safe to eat in any amount .
How can they claim it safe when there are hundreds of scientific studies with titles like these ? :-
' The monosodium glutamate ( MSG ) obese rat as a model for the study of exercise in obesity ' .
GobattoCA , Mello MA , Souza CT , Ribeiro IA .
Res Commun Mol Pathol Pharmacol .
2002 .
' Adrenalectomy abolishes the food - induced hypothalamic serotonin release in both normal and monosodium glutamate - obese rats ' .
Guimaraes RB , Telles MM , Coelho VB , Mori C , Nascimento CM , Ribeiro Brain Res Bull .
2002 Aug .
' Obesity induced by neonatal monosodium glutamate treatment in spontaneously hypertensive rats : an animal model of multiple risk factors ' .
Iwase M , Yamamoto M , Iino K , IchikawaK , Shinohara N , Yoshinari Fujishima Hypertens Res. 1998 Mar. ' Hypothalamic lesion induced by injection of monosodium glutamate in suckling period and subsequent development of obesity ' .
Tanaka K , Shimada M , Nakao K , Kusunoki Exp Neurol .
1978 Oct. Yes , that last study was not a typo , it WAS written in 1978 .
Both the " medical research community " and " food manufacturers " have known about MSG 's side effects for decades !
Many more studies mentioned in John Erb 's book link MSG to Diabetes , Migraines and headaches , Autism , ADHD and even Alzheimer's .
But what can we do to stop the food manufactures from dumping fattening and addictive MSG into our food supply and causing the obesity epidemic we now see ?
Even as you read this , G. W. Bush and his corporate supporters are pushing a Bill through Congress called the " Personal Responsibility in Food Consumption Act " also known as the " Cheeseburger Bill " , this sweeping law bans anyone from suing food manufacturers , sellers and distributors .
Even if it comes out that they purposely added an addictive chemical to their foods .
Read about it for yourself at : http://www.yahoo.com.
The Bill has already been rushed through the House of Representatives , and is due for the same rubber stamp at Senate level .
It is important that Bush and his corporate supporters get it through before the media lets everyone know about ' MSG , the intentional Nicotine for food ' .
Several months ago , John Erb took his book and his concerns to one of the highest government health officials in Canada .
While sitting in the Government office , the official told him " Sure , I know how bad MSG is , I would n't touch the stuff . "
But this top level government official refused to tell the public what he knew .
The big media does n't want to tell the public either , fearing legal issues with their advertisers .
It seems that the fallout on fast food industry may hurt their profit margin .
The food producers and restaurants have been addicting us to their products for years , and now we are paying the price for it .
Our children should not be cursed with obesity caused by an addictive food additive .
But what can I do about it ?...
I 'm just one voice .
What can I do to stop the poisoning of our children , while our governments are insuring financial protection for the industry that is poisoning us .
This e-mail is going out to everyone I know in an attempt to tell you the truth that the corporate owned politicians and media wo n't tell you .
The best way you can help to save yourself and your children from this drug - induced epidemic , is to forward this email to everyone .
With any luck , it will circle the globe before politicians can pass the legislation protecting those who are poisoning us .
The food industry learned a lot from the tobacco industry .
Imagine if big tobacco had a bill like this in place before someone blew the whistle on Nicotine ?
If you are one of the few who can still believe that MSG is good for us , and you do n't believe what John Erb has to say , see for yourself .
Go to the National Library of Medicine , at http://www.pubmed.com.
Type in the words " MSG Obese " and read a few of the 115 medical studies that appear .
We the public , do not want to be rats in one giant experiment and we do not approve of food that makes us into a nation of obese , lethargic , addicted sheep , feeding the food industry 's bottom line , while waiting for the heart transplant , diabetic induced amputation , blindness or other obesity induced , life threatening disorders .
With your help we can put an end to this poison .
Do your part in sending this message out by word of mouth , e-mail or by distribution of this print - out to all your friends all over the world and stop this ' Slow Poisoning of Mankind ' by the packaged food industry .
Blowing the whistle on MSG is our responsibility , get the word out .
最終更新日 : 2005/3/7
この文章は UNIX USER 誌 2004 年1月号 に「辞書システムの上手な使い方」というタイトルで掲載された特集記事の
元原稿に加筆修正を行ったものであり、編集部の了承を得て公開するものです。
誌上に掲載された記事は構成や文章に担当編集者の手が入っているため、
内容はかなり異なっています。
Text by 太田 純( Junn Ohta )
更新履歴
2004/6/20 ソースネクスト版マイペディアについての記述を追加
世界大百科事典第2版&マイペディアの動作確認
ATOK17電子辞典を「 EPWING に変換できる辞書/Windows編」に移動
2004/6/14 ATOK17電子辞典のEPWINGへの変換が不完全ながら可能に
2004/6/14 ATOK17電子辞典から本文データを抽出するスクリプト公開
ブリタニカ国際大百科事 典Toolkit 1.00 → 1.01 ( 2004 年版対応 )
2004/6/12 ATOK17電子辞典セットの解析情報を追加
2004/5/28 ブリタニカ国際大百科事典Toolkitについての記述を追加
三省堂音声付きCD-ROMシリーズ( BTONIC ) 発売日決定/製品ページ登場
別 表1にスーパー統合辞書2004と現代用語の基礎知識2004を追加
EPWING に変換できないおもな辞書にエクスワード・データプラス専用ソフトを追加
別 表4にエクスワード・データプラス専用ソフトを追加
2004/5/25 世界大百科事典付属版マイペディアの情報を更新
2004/5/9 分類語彙表Toolkitバージョン 0.90 → 1.00
ブリタニカ国際大百科事 典Quick Search Versionの解析情報を更新
2004/5/8 リンク先の生存確認
価格が税別表示であることを明記
Yahoo!辞書のコンテンツ変更(三省堂→小学館)に合わせて記述を追加
オンライン辞書にエキサイト辞書を追加
研究社オンライン・ディクショナリーのURL変更
EBViewバージョン 0.3.3 → 0.3.5
RubyEBバージョン 2.3 → 2.5a
電子ブック漢字インデクサバージョ ン 1.01 → 1.02
cabextractバージョン 0.6 → 1.0
DTONIC Toolkitバージョ ン 1.10 → 1.11
let me see ... CVS 最新版についての記述を追加
スーパーニッポニ カProfessional ( 2004 年版 ) についての記述を追加
世界大百科事典第2版/マイペディアについての記述を追加
分類語彙表および分類語彙表Toolkitについての記述を追加
ブリタニカ国際大百科事 典Quick Search Versionの解析情報を追加
EPWING に変換できないおもな辞書にBTONICシリーズを追加
別 表4:独自フォーマット辞書タイトル一覧の更新
別表4に三省堂音声付きCD-ROMシリーズ( BTONIC ) 発売予定を追加
2004/2/21 別表4 システムソフト電子辞典新製品発売延期
2004/2/20 最後の電子ブックプレーヤDD-S35生産完了
2004/2/14 第2部UNIXで使える辞書ブラウザにxpopdicを追加
eblook 1.6とlookup 1.4の正式版公開に合わせて記述を変更
2004/2/11 第2部UNIXで使える辞書ブラウザにxyakuとndtpcを追加
同 じくxpopdicについての記述を追加( まだ動かせていない)
同じくlookupのインストール方法を訂正(インライン画像表示関連)
2004/2/6 OED2 V3.0についての記述を追加
スーパーニッポニ カProfessional ( 2004 年版 ) についての記述を追加
2004/2/4 lookupによるインライン画像表示の記述を追加
2004/2/3 EBNETDの公開に伴ってEBライブラリ/NDTPD関係の記述を変更
ランダムハウス のFreePWING 化手順 にWindows XP 対応版の記述を追加
UNIX で使える辞書を探す情報源に辞書関 係Wikiを追加
2004/2/2 EBViewバージョン 0.3.2 → 0.3.3
第 1部にWeb上のポップアップ辞書を追加
EPWING に変換できないおもな辞書に講談社日本語大辞典GJを追加
別表4 HD辞典シリーズ → 2004年3月発売製品を追加
第3部のデアゴスティーニ情報を改訂
2004/1/18 eblook 1.6devel → 1.6rc2
lookup 1.4devel → 1.4rc3
スーパーニッポニ カ2001 ライト版 →販売終了
コリンズコウビルド英英辞典改訂第4版( V3.0 ) ×→○
NOMAD さんの変換スクリプトについての記述を追加
2004/1/16 ロボワード辞書のテキスト化が可能に( by Suzutoさん )
2004/1/15 別表4 システムソフト電子辞典 →2004年2月発売製品を追加
2004/1/13 パーソナル辞スパ21 ×→ △( 本文のみ )
別 表4 ロングマン現代英英辞 典3訂新版 →販売終了
2004/1/12 Super日本語大辞典 ×→○
スーパーニッポニ カ1998 年総合版 ×→○
別 表4 マイペディアの記述を追加( 忘れていた )
2004/1/6 マイペディアPDA 版 →販売終 了
2004/1/3 EBViewバージョン 0.3.1 → 0.3.2
別 表4 ハードディスクで使う クラウン独和 ×→ ○
By Roland Pease
BBC science unit , San Francisco
Ash and pumice was thrown out at vent sites along the 60 km segment
Enlarge Image
Scientists say they have witnessed the possible birth of a future ocean basin growing in north - eastern Ethiopia .
The team watched an 8 m rift develop in the ground in just three weeks in the Afar desert region last September .
It is one small step in a long - term split that is tearing the east of the country from the rest of Africa and should eventually create a huge sea .
The UK - Ethiopian group says it was astonished at the speed with which the 60 km - long fissure system developed .
" It 's the first large event we 've seen like this in a rift zone since the advent of some of the space - based techniques we 're now using , and which give us a resolution and a detail to see what 's really going on and how the earth processes work ; it 's amazing , " said Cindy Ebinger , from Royal Holloway University of London .
Professor Ebinger and colleagues described the event here at the American Geophysical Union Fall Meeting .
Earth forces
In the far - distant past , oceans such as the Atlantic have formed when supercontinents have torn apart .
Indeed , North America and Europe are still moving in opposite directions at about the pace fingernails grow .
Researchers have long recognised that the Afar region , an inhospitable depression in north - eastern Ethiopia , has been contorted by similar forces in recent geological time .
But the event in September is said to be unprecedented in scientific history .
It began with a large earthquake on the 14th of the month and continued with a swarm of moderate tremors .
Start and stop " About a week into the sequence , there was a volcanic eruption , " explained Dr Ebinger .
The huge numbers of tremors have displaced thousands of people " A lot of ash was thrown up in the air , and a lot of cracks appeared in the ground ; some of which were more than a metre wide .
" Using satellite techniques we can see ground deformation , and about a month after the sequence , we could see a 60 km long section had opened up , and it opened up about 8 m in its central part .
" It appears that we 've seen the birth of an ocean basin . "
The movements of September are only a small part of what would be needed to create a whole ocean - the complete process takes millions of years - and in other regions of the planet , ocean development has been started only to stall at a later time .
But the Afar event has given geologists a unique opportunity to study the rupture process at close quarters .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Die deutsche Landesgruppe des Plattenfirmenverbandes IFPI fordert von der Bundesregierung die Abschaffung des sogenannten Sendeprivilegs für Internetradios .
Dies wäre das Ende für die meisten unabhängigen Stationen und ein schwerer Schlag für die Programmvielfalt und den Musikwirtschaftsstandort Deutschland .
Berlin ( rai ) -
In einer Stellungnahme zur anstehenden Reform des Urheberrechtsgesetzes fordern die Deutsche Landesgruppe der IFPI und der Bundesverband der Phonographischen Wirtschaft am Dienstag die Abschaffung des Sendeprivilegs für Internetradios .
Das käme einem Sendeverbot für die meisten unabhängigen Internetradiostationen gleich .
Das sogenannte Sendeprivileg erlaubt die uneingeschränkte Ausstrahlung erschienener Tonträger und regelt die Vergütung an Künstler und Plattenfirmen .
Die Plattenfirmen - Lobby will diese seit mehr als 40 Jahren geltende Sendefreiheit nun abschaffen .
Sie fordert ein Modell wie in der Filmindustrie , mit exklusiven Verwertungsrechten .
Das hieße , dass die Plattenfirmen selbst entscheiden könnten , welche Stücke auf welchem Sender gespielt werden dürfen .
Die Genehmigungen müssten die Sender für jeden Titel einzeln einholen .
Was bei abendfüllenden Spielfilmen funktionieren mag , erscheint im Falle von 3-1/2 - Minuten - Popsongs schon auf den ersten Blick absurd und hätte einen bürokratischen Aufwand zur Folge , den die meisten Internetradiostationen kaum leisten könnten .
Branchenkenner befürchten damit , nach zahlreichen Regelverschärfungen und Gebührenerhöhungen im vergangenen Jahr , die endgültige Verödung der im internationalen Vergleich ohnehin rückständigen deutschen Radiolandschaft .
Ein solch beispielloser Eingriff in die Programmfreiheit wäre ein Wettbewerbsnachteil für deutsche Stationen und damit ein weiterer schwerer Schlag für den Musikwirtschaftsstandort Deutschland .
Ausbaden müssten das die Hörer : Neue Internetradiostationen wie laut.fm oder motor.fm versuchen seit einiger Zeit , dem musikalischen Einheitsbrei herkömmlicher Radios ein Alternativprogramm entgegenzusetzen .
Wenn erst die großen Plattenfirmen die Sendehoheit übernommen haben , wird für derartige , musikjournalistisch ausgewählte Qualitätsprogramme kaum Platz bleiben .
A few days ago an interesting article on Graduate schools circulated around the web .
The article suggested that Graduate school has many of the features of a cult and that some people staying on to undertake postgraduate studies almost needed to be deprogrammed until they understood that there was value in life outside the Academy .
Here ( just in case you do n’t have the stamina to read a short pithy well - written article ) are the first two paragraphs :
Several years ago , the professional career counselor Margaret Newhouse wrote an essay for The Chronicle called “ Deprogramming From the Academic Cult . ”
Newhouse argued that graduate school in the humanities indoctrinates its students into believing that they are failures if they do not remain inside the ivory tower , even if there are no suitable academic jobs for them .
Career counselors , she argued , have to find ways to persuade unemployed Ph.D. ’s to believe that the outside world is not evil and that they are not apostates if they do something besides teaching and research .
Although I am currently a tenure - track professor of English , I realize that nothing but luck distinguishes me from thousands of other highly - qualified Ph.D. ’s in the humanities who will never have full - time academic jobs and , as a result , are symbolically dead to the academy .
Even after several years , many former graduate students grapple with feelings of shame and failure that , to outsiders , seem completely irrational .
A little under seven years ago I left a doctorate in Classics that I ’d been undertaking at Bristol University .
I ’d been working on my PhD for three years – time initially very well spent and which produed enormous amounts of reasonably good - quality work .
Over the first two and a half years or so I produced around sixty thousand words on models of the mind , mythology , story - telling and identification ; I ’d taught various undergraduate classes on drama , mythology and Ancient Greek language and I ’d produced two papers ( on on anachronistic interpretation and one on The Bacchae ) which I delivered at national conferences in Nottingham and New York .
However , from the end of my second year I started experiencing a slow deterioration in my work , had a number of crises of motivation and started to feel that I was being overwhelmed by the material and sheer amount of commentary and opinion that I needed to get to grips with .
I started to feel that I was never going to be able to produce work that I was going to be happy with – that I was never going to find the answers that I was looking for .
Then followed a few months of highly self - destructive behaviour when I felt that I was starting to fail , followed by a few months of anti-depressants and then the final realisation that if I was going to complete my work it would take me years of penury and misery and that I was likely to have problems finding any kind of employment afterwards .
And then the realisation that I no longer had faith that the work I was producing would have any kind of impact or be taken in any way seriously .
And that ’s when I decided to quit .
If you believe the narrative that I ’ve just told you ( and there ’s no reason why you should simply swallow it whole – I ’ve taken considerable license with it for speed and clarity ) then you might well be asking yourself why I went from doing good work to leaving academia completely , and whether I regret it .
I ask whether you believe it because I ’m not sure that I believe it myself – I find the whole period difficult to interpret and difficult to feel confident about because of the sheer weight of the different interpretations , personal relationships , arguments , tensions and various senses of betrayals that I came – by the end – to associate fully with my time in doctoral work .
And here ’s where the article about the cultishness of Graduate School comes in again .
Because whlie I do n’t necessarily believe that it does have cultish tendencies , I do feel programmed by circumstance to forfeit my right to a public opinion about it .
Any statement I make about academia – or my experience of academia – that is n’t entirely complimentary must necessarily be seen in the context of my own failure to complete the process .
Because I ’m not now Doctor Coates , any statement I make that puts any blame on anyone other than my own inadequacies can be dismissed as sour grapes or an inability to accept failure or inadequacy in one field or another .
I ’m not going to fight this assumption – I feel comfortable in admitting that whatever else may have led to my ungracious departure from academia , I clearly did not have the necessarily discipline to carry through the work I ’d started to its conclusion .
I failed .
But I ’ve seen a lot of other people fall hard off the back of the academic lorry as well , and a good number of them I believe have done so not because they ’ve failed the system but because the system has failed them .
And they feel similarly confused and conflicted – unable to determine where the failure was their own .
Even many of the people I know who have completed their doctorates have experienced the burn of tarmac on their departure from the academy .
These people were intellectually able , self - disciplined and strong and fought through the academy with all the discipline and strength they could muster and were still brought low by it .
And worse still , these people feel the same anxiety that I do about talking about it – any rejection is in itself an admission of failure .
Here ’s where the academy ’s cultishness emerges most strongly – because it ’s an institution where you can only fail yourself and your leaders .
They can never fail you .
I want to talk a little about the reality of post - graduate work for people who are considering it because I think you should know what you ’re letting yourself in for .
Courses which are mostly taught are almost always achievable .
That ’s not what I ’m talking about .
I ’d recommend a Masters course to almost anyone .
On the other hand , Universities often encourage their pupils to stay with them at their University because they get money for students .
I would advise you to never do this .
It can be very difficult for undergraduate students to adjust to the new roles and status that undertaking a Masters should afford you .
It ’s particularly difficult if you ’re doing those role - changes with people you have been used to being highly deferential towards .
And why would you want to work more with them anyway ?
Unless they really are the world - leading experts in their fields , you should be looking elsewhere for different perspectives , different expertises and different lessons to learn .
You ’ll learn much more from a new teacher than from the one who has already articulated much of their approach and beliefs and ways of seeing the world through your undergraduate work with them .
Masters aside then , what of the research degree ?
Here I ’m going to be blunt .
First things first , please believe that academic departments get money for postgraduate students and that more money means more and ( and more stable ) jobs for the staff .
You must never forget that while all academics have altruistic motives , they also have a vested interest in encouraging you to stay with them .
Again consider why they ’re suggesting you continue your work , and think particularly hard if they ’re advocating you staying with them .
Next think about your skills and expertises and whether or not you actually want to be an academic after you ’ve tried to complete your course .
Now think about whether or not you ’re going to be the person who actually gets the really hard to come by academic job afterwards ( this is particularly true in the Humanities ) .
If you do n’t want to be a History lecturer and do academic research for the rest of your life , then do n’t do a doctorate .
If you ’re not sure , then get sure before you sign on the dotted line .
Academic jobs are not easy to get and they ’ll all be looking for certain skills and expertises that are relevant to the teaching of your discipline .
If you want to spend years doing research into an incredibly obscure branch of history , then bear in mind that no one may wish to teach courses in that particular obscure branch of history .
If you ’re going to be revolutionarily cross- disciplinary , then consider – are there any departments in the world who could hire you when you were done ?
And if not , then do n’t do it !
Doctorates do n’t count for much outside academia – and in fact they may count against you .
If you ca n’t find a directly relevant area for subsequent professional work , then many employers are likely to look at a 25 - 30 year old person with three - six years of post - graduate work as being a strange and slightly worrying employment prospect – they ’re going to be too smart for their own good , too ivory - towerish , too specialist , out of touch with the way that the “ real world ” works .
If you ’re working in an area where there ’s a lot of commercial interest ( say the way in which people use technology ) then you may very well find enormous career opportunities open up before you .
This is not likely to happen if you ’ve spent six years writing on gender roles in Baudelaire – no matter how ground - breaking the work .
And here ’s the other lesson – doctoral work is professional training .
You have to think about it like that – you ’re being made into a lecturer / professor / teacher / researcher .
The aim of doctoral work is not – no matter what anyone tells you – to think up good stuff and write great works and reveal your genius to the world .
The aim is to make professional people who can teach undergraduates , deliver papers and – yes – also ( subsequently ) push the discipline further in one direction or another .
You have to approach your post - graduate work in this way .
The most successful doctoral students in my experience are the ones that are thorough and careful and take on relatively unambitious projects which do n’t stretch the assumptions or structures of the discipline too much .
They ’re the ones that finish their doctoral work and go on to useful teaching positions ( and then may or may not start exploring more widely ) .
It ’s definitely not the best and the brightest , the most imaginative thinkers or the people with the great ideas that get through .
If they get through it ’s because they ’re thorough and they ’re careful and they ’re professional and treat it as it should be treated – as a job of work rather than a calling or an exploration .
Which brings me to drop - out rates .
Another thing you wo n’t be told is how many people do n’t complete their doctorates .
I ’ve heard various figures mentioned , but I believe that around 50 % of people who start doctorates do n’t get a PhD out of it .
This may be humanities only or it may be throughout the academy .
An enormous proportion of people simply never finish the things because it ’s not quite what they were expecting when they started .
And many of these people will feel like failures , will come into the job market late and will find it harder to get ahead in their new chosen career .
It ’s not clear to me whether it ’s harder to get a job with a completed irrelevant doctorate or an incomplete one .
It ’s not easy with with either .
And then there ’s the day - to - day atmosphere of it .
When you ’re doing research , you work almost exclusively alone – for three to five years .
You should spend large periods of that time in a library – ideally ( again taking into account that this is a training course and a career ) you should use the working hours that you might expect from a job – eight hours a day .
You will get paid either nothing or a barely livable wage to do this work ( again – more true for humanities students ) .
This is not a glamourous occupation , by any means .
And as I ’ve said before , there is no glamour in the work itself , a restricted chance that you ’ll get a career in academia and a very real possibility that by undertaking this work you ’re going to make yourself less employable .
The “ positive ” aspects of the lifestyle ( apart from your gradual progress towards getting your doctorate ) are limited , but you do get relative freedom to think and explore ideas , you are forced to be self - motivating and self - determined and – when things are going well – you will get self - respect and the respect of some other people ( who in my opinion are rather easily impressed ) .
These freedoms , and the self - respect and the respect of others that you get from undertaking a doctorate will stay with you ( to an extent ) if you go into the badly paid field of academia .
If you do not , they will swiftly evaporate .
Which brings me ( briefly ) to my final point .
Do not believe there is no worthwhile life outside academia !
It ’s difficult sometimes , when you ’ve been in the education system for getting on for twenty years to remember that there ’s an enormous panoply of jobs outside academia and not all of them are sullied by the feeble crust of crass commercialism .
It is more than possible to find enjoyable , ethically - sound , world - improving work outside academia – in fact it ’s probably no harder than it is to find similar work inside the Academy .
The stereotype ( and the assumption of many potential postgraduate students ) that study for the sake of study and the stretching and mental gymnastics of intellectual work are somehow naturally superior and elite practices would hold more water with me if such warming - up regularly translated into actual attempts to build or refigure the world in positive ways .
If such goals are your intent – consider carefully what effect you are actually likely to have .
Is the respect of a narrow and dishevelled set of peers ( and a steady stream of undergraduate neophytes ) enough to get you through the night ?
If not , consider that there is good work to be done outside University and that some of it pays rather better and is equally interesting .
If you ’re considering a longer research - based degree , please consider carefully what you ’re letting yourself in for .
Remember the key facts : only fifty percent of people come out of the other end of this process with a doctorate and even then they have to look towards finding ( mostly pretty badly - paid ) work .
Many of them wo n’t that work despite having proved their discipline , committment and intelligence .
Do yourself a favour and make sure that you go in with your eyes open – that you know how unpleasant the work can be , that you know what a risk you ’re taking with your time and with your life , that you ’re strong enough to deal with the self - doubt and the humiliation and the shame and the anxiety that the work can cause and that you ’re totally sure of the career path that you are choosing for yourself , before you agree to continue with your studies .
If you do n’t do this , then you may very well find yourself in a cult that genuinely believes that everyone else is basically wasting their lives and from which there is no easy or elegant way to escape .
Note added 25th September 2004 : Thanks to Phil Young for sending in this link which I hope might be useful to people who enjoyed this article : Beyond the Ivory Tower .
coronavirus vaccine Sep 17
Moderna should have enough data from its late - stage trial to know whether its coronavirus vaccine works in November , CEO Stephane Bancel said Thursday .
The company could have enough data by October , but that ’s unlikely , Bancel said during an interview on CNBC ’s “ Squawk Box . ”
“ If the infection rate in the country were to slow do ...
A neolithic stone carving of the Big Dipper ( Ursa Major ) has been discovered in a remote part of Inner Mongolia , along with other “ unexplained ” carvings thought to be depictions of the gods .
Neolithic stone carving of Big Dipper discovered in northwest China
The stone carving was discovered by Wu Jiacai , a 50 - year - old researcher in literature and history with Wongniute Banner of Inner Mongolia .
Wu found a large yam - shaped stone , 310 centimeters long , onto which 19 stars had been carved .
The representation of the Big Dipper is on the north face of the stone .
The stars are represented by indentations in the stone .
The biggest indentation is 6 centimeters in diameter and 5 centimeters deep , said Wu .
“ The stone was carved by neolithic dwellers , ” said Gai Shanlin , researcher with the Inner Mongolia Institute of Cultural Relics and Archaeology ( IMICRA ) and an expert in stone carving .
The carving style proves this , said Gai. Astronomers ’ conjectures about the shape of the Big Dipper some ten thousand years ago also match the carving .
“ Finding a stone carving in China ’s desert hinterland is a rare occurrence , ” said Tala , director of IMICRA , who said it might help prove how ancient celestial bodies evolved .
Apart from the Big Dipper , Wu also found some “ unexplained images ” on the stone .
He thinks they may depict ancient gods , such as the god of the sun and the god of horses .
Further study would be needed to determine when the pictures were painted .
Many neolithic jade articles from the Hongshan Culture – such as a dragon with a pig ’s mouth and a cloud - shaped pendant – have already been unearthed around Baimiaozi Mountain .
The Hongshan Culture was an aboriginal culture that existed in northern China about 6000 years ago .
Tala believes the discovery will contribute to knowledge about the origin and spread of Hongshan Culture .
Source : Xinhua
Recently , in discussion of a design for a comments system , I noted that I was n’t planning to use a database , and I even allowed my self a little fun sneering at the idea .
I got several reasonable - sounding emails from reasonable - sounding people saying “ Why on earth would n’t you ? ”
Here ’s why .
Current Setup · ongoing actually uses a database right now , MySQL to be precise .
But not at run-time ; it only gets involved when I hit the Publish button .
And I do n’t really need it ; it just lets me push some work down into the SQL engine that I ’d otherwise have to write a few lines of code for , as in the fragments on the front page :
SELECT uri FROM Essays ORDER BY updated DESC LIMIT $ maxOnHomePage ;
Also in randomizing the picture :
SELECT essay , dir , src , alt , UNIX_TIMESTAMP ( potd ) FROM Pix ORDER BY RAND ( ) ;
But at run-time , all the data you ’re seeing comes out of static files , pulled in either with img or link , and a bit via XMLHttpRequest .
This is good .
It means that the little Athlon that runs ongoing ( and some other sites ) can serve 130G / month , 200 K transactions / day , and can stand up to a Slashdotting without breathing hard .
Comment Storage · I may yet use a database for comments ; but not at the runtime end .
Which is to say , the comments themselves will live in flat files , and the per-article comment counts will too , the latter being pulled in by XMLHttpRequest in the obvious way .
I suspect that it ’ll be handy to have a database to look things up by IP address as part of the spam - control effort .
But really , I wo n’t do that unless it saves work .
You could perfectly easily do per-IP - address data lookup in a little directory tree where the data for 12.110.110.204 lives in a file named ip - info / 12/110/110/204 .
Yeah , it might not run as fast as a MySQL lookup , and I ’d bet it definitely would n’t be as fast as a Berkeley DB lookup , but it ’ll be pretty damn fast , and it wo n’t interact toxically with anything else the database might be doing .
On the other hand , it ’ll probably be less work to just make a database table , and “ less work ” trumps “ runs fast ” except when it does n’t .
Why ?
· I like the semantics of the Unix filesystem , and I also really like the fact that whether you ’re talking ufs , ext3 , zfs , or whatever , this is some of the world ’s most thoroughly - debugged and battle - hardened code .
Also , most modern operating systems are really quite clever at noticing when part of the filesystem is getting hammered and caching the whole thing in memory , so you may never go near a disk .
I ’m not religious — I ’ve deployed runtime databases where I ’ve had to .
But there is a psychology out there in our profession , which says : if you have data that you want to store and retrieve , that means you need a database .
But sometimes you do n’t .
And sometimes you come out ahead on one or both of the less - work and runs - fast metrics by not having one .
Relatively new to your site , which I find interesting indeed .
What will be
the effect of the " peak oil " phenomenon on your predictions ?
Have you
considered it anywhere in your blogs ?
... I 've recently been very interested and heavily immersed in the topic of peak oil .
One website that I 've learned much from is www.lifeaftertheoilcrash.net in case you are interested .
Basically , I 'm worried that although technological progress is limitless in and of itself , we may not be able to advance much farther due to looming energy problems that may cause humanity to take huge technological steps backward in order to survive ...
I have been reading your various websites for a number of years .
I read your Robotic Nation website .
I enjoy thinking about the future - as it appears that you do too .
So - I was wondering if you have ever blogged or written about your thoughts on so - called Peak Oil - and the future that we face given an almost certain decline in the availability of cheap oil .
I seem to be getting a lot of mail lately about the phenomenon known as " peak oil " -- the prediction that we have consumed half of all of the oil available on the planet , and will consume the other half quite rapidly .
For example : And : And : And so on .
Wired magazine chimed in last week with this article :
On June 5 , FX first broadcast its new documentary called " Oil Storm : America 's Lifeline has been Severed , " which discusses a scenario where a slice of America 's refining infrastructure fails and leaves us in a place where we suddenly do not have enough gasoline .
[ There is a trailer available on the FX home page The FX scenario is actually something to worry about .
In the U.S. , because of market forces , supply and demand for oil are almost perfectly balanced .
If a rogue hurricane or rogue terrorists were to take out several refineries , America does have a problem .
The way to fix that is to recognize that oil is as important as oxygen to the American economy right now .
We need to build 10 % to 20 % extra oil production capacity to handle an emergency like this ( despite the fact that it is " economically inefficient " to do so ) .
Whether or not we have the foresight to do that is an open question , but it is strange for the U.S. to have a Strategic Petroleum Reserve without having " Strategic Refinery Capacity " as well .
We need to do the same thing for electricity , roads and several other vital resources .
But ignoring a catastrophe like that , what about peak oil itself -- the idea that the U.S , Europe , China , India , etc. will be burning through the planet 's remaining oil reserves quickly ( say in 50 years ) causing massive price spikes in the very near future ?
What will happen ?
Personally , I do n't think anything will happen .
I look at " peak oil " in the very same way I looked at the " Year 2000 crisis " in 1999 .
" Peak oil " will be a non-event .
We will see prices for gasoline go up , yes , and there may be some short term spikes that are a little disruptive , but overall I believe we will work this out in a natural way .
The very simple explanation for why this will happen can be summarized in about 15 words :
As oil gets more expensive , other technologies will compete on price and replace oil .
Here is the simplest example .
Right now , in 2005 , we are about to reach the point where you can buy a tanker car full of soybean oil for about the same price as a tanker car full of diesel fuel .
With a very simple reactor you can turn the vegetable oil into biodiesel .
That puts a cap on the price of diesel fuel .
Petroleum diesel prices cannot increase much above the price of biodiesel , or people will stop buying petroleum diesel .
A naysayer would point out , " But that will cause the demand for vegetable oil to rise , which will increase the price of biodiesel . "
True .
But within a year farmers around the world can be growing more soybeans , which will increase the supply .
People will start buying efficient diesel hybrid cars and trucks as the price of biodiesel stabilizes .
The demand for petroleum will decline .
That sentence " People will start buying efficient diesel hybrid cars and trucks ... " is important .
Right now we are using incredibly inefficient vehicles .
When you burn a gallon of gas in your car , maybe 20 % of the energy in the gasoline gets turned into motion .
The rest turns into useless heat .
That leaves a lot of room for increasing the efficiency of cars .
So if the price of gas doubles , we can switch to cars that get double the gas mileage , and the price increase in gasoline becomes meaningless .
There are so many technologies available for producing energy .
Most of them are not quite economically viable because oil is still quite cheap .
But as oil prices continue to increase and head toward $ 100 a barrel ( which could happen within a year or two without too much trouble ) , all of these technologies start to become viable .
Here are some examples :
In other words , there are so many new options that become available as oil prices rise that we will simply replace oil with all of these other technologies .
One question , which has been asked by many people in many places , is this : why do n't we accelerate the process by artificially increasing the cost of gasoline ?
( This article explains that in China , where energy prices are held artificially low , people waste a lot of energy -- " every kilogram equivalent of coal only produces a gross domestic product of $ 0.36 in China , vastly lower than Japan 's $ 5.58 and the world average of $ 1.86 . " )
The advantage of artificially increasing gasoline prices is that it would make all of these new technologies viable more quickly while , potentially , reducing global warming To summarize -- rising oil prices will make other technologies economically viable .
There are hundreds of other technologies to choose from .
Normal economic pressure will naturally cause oil to become less and less important to our economy .
That is why I am not worried about " peak oil " .
[ See also this Follow - up post on peak oil which talks about how simple it would be to supply all of America 's energy needs with nuclear or solar energy .
( See also peak oil ) ]
" The movies we recommend generate more satisfaction than the ones they choose from the new releases page , " said Neil Hunt , NetFlix 's chief product officer .
" It increases customer loyalty to the site . "
Mr. Hunt said NetFlix 's recommendation system collected more than two million ratings forms from subscribers daily to add to its huge database of users ' likes and dislikes .
The system assigns different ratings to a movie depending on a particular subscriber 's tastes .
For example , " Pretty Woman " might get a four - or five - star rating if other people who share a customer 's taste in movies rated it highly , while the same film might not appear on another customer 's screen at all , presumably because other viewers with that customer 's tastes did not rate it highly .
" The most reliable prediction for how much a customer will like a movie is what they thought of other movies , " Mr. Hunt said .
The company credits the system 's ability to make automated yet accurate recommendations as a major factor in its growth from 600,000 subscribers in 2002 to nearly 4 million today .
Similarly , Apple 's iTunes online music store features a system of recommending new music as a way of increasing customers ' attachment to the site and , presumably , their purchases .
Recommendation engines , which grew out of the technology used to serve up personalized ads on Web sites , now typically involve some level of " collaborative filtering " to tailor data automatically to individuals or groups of users .
Some engines use information provided directly by the shopper , while others rely more on assumptions , like offering a matching shirt to a shopper interested in purchasing a tie .
And some sites are now taking personalization to another level by improving not only the collection of data but the presentation of it .
Liveplasma.com , an online site for music and , more recently , movies , graphically " maps " shoppers ' potential interests .
A search for music by Coldplay , for example , brings up a graphical representation of what previous customers of Coldplay music have purchased , presented in clusters of circles of various sizes .
The bigger the circle , the greater the popularity of that band .
The circles are clustered into orbits representing groups of customers with similar preferences .
What is Judy ?
Judy is a C library that provides a state - of - the - art core technology that implements a sparse dynamic array .
Judy arrays are declared simply with a null pointer .
A Judy array consumes memory only when it is populated , yet can grow to take advantage of all available memory if desired .
Judy 's key benefits are scalability , high performance , and memory efficiency .
A Judy array is extensible and can scale up to a very large number of elements , bounded only by machine memory .
Since Judy is designed as an unbounded array , the size of a Judy array is not pre-allocated but grows and shrinks dynamically with the array population .
Judy combines scalability with ease of use .
The Judy API is accessed with simple insert , retrieve , and delete calls that do not require extensive programming .
Tuning and configuring are not required ( in fact not even possible ) .
In addition , sort , search , count , and sequential access capabilities are built into Judy 's design .
Judy can be used whenever a developer needs dynamically sized arrays , associative arrays or a simple - to - use interface that requires no rework for expansion or contraction .
Judy can replace many common data structures , such as arrays , sparse arrays , hash tables , B - trees , binary trees , linear lists , skiplists , other sort and search algorithms , and counting functions .
Detailed Descriptions A 10 minute technical description
A 3 hour technical description , slightly out of date , and very corny .
Author Judy was invented by Doug Baskins ( dougbaskins . AT , yahoo.com ) and implemented by Hewlett - Packard .
( Note : Judy is named for the inventor 's sister , after discarding many proposed names . )
TAIPEI -- Intel has unveiled a new technology on Monday that significantly reduces the time it takes for a notebook PC to power up or access programs , while improving battery life to boot .
Intel 's new Robson cache technology ensured an almost immediate start - up of a Centrino - based notebook PC during a live demonstration at the Intel Developer Forum in here Monday .
A laptop with identical hardware but without Robson took several seconds to boot up .
The laptop with Robson also opened Adobe Reader in 0.4 seconds , while the other notebook required 5.4 seconds .
It opened Quicken in 2.9 seconds , while the laptop without Robson technology needed 8 seconds to do the job .
Drawing on Flash
The secret behind the Robson nonvolatile cache technology is NAND flash memory .
Instead of booting from the hard drive , a laptop using Robson would turn to standard NAND flash memory instead .
The difference saves time and battery power , according to Intel .
" You get power savings because there 's no need to spin the disc when you access applications , " said Mooly Eden , vice president and general manager of Intel 's mobile platform group .
Although Intel declined to go into specific details on how Robson works , Eden said the technology is mature enough to share it with computer makers .
More information will be revealed later , he said .
Other vendors have implemented NAND flash memory in other products .
Samsung produces NAND flash for digital cameras and MP3 players .
Vendors ' Choice
Robson is meant to be used with industry standard NAND flash memory of 64MB to 4GB capacities , Eden said .
The laptop used in the demonstration contained 128MB NAND , he said .
Eden offered no time frame for when Robson would become widely available to users , saying only that PC makers will be a major factor in how fast it gets to market .
" It 's up to the [ equipment manufacturers ] to decide how it will be implemented .
My guess is that enterprise users will likely see it first , " he said .
In one project , which Dr. Brilliant brought with him to the job , Google.org will try to develop a system to detect disease outbreaks early .
Dr. Brilliant likens the traditional structure of corporate foundations to a musician confined to playing only the high register on a piano .
“ Google.org can play on the entire keyboard , ” Dr. Brilliant said in an interview .
“ It can start companies , build industries , pay consultants , lobby , give money to individuals and make a profit . ”
While declining to comment on the car project specifically , Dr. Brilliant said he would hope to see such ventures make a profit .
“ But if they did n’t , we would n’t care , ” he said .
“ We ’re not doing it for the profit .
And if we did n’t get our capital back , so what ?
The emphasis is on social returns , not economic returns . ”
Development of ultra - high - mileage cars is under way at a number of companies , from Toyota to tiny start - ups .
Making an engine that uses E85 — a mixture of 85 percent ethanol and 15 percent gasoline — is not difficult , but the lack of availability of the fuel presents a challenge , said Brett Smith , a senior industry analyst at the Center for Automotive Research in Ann Arbor , Mich .
Another barrier , Mr. Smith said , lies in the batteries for so - called plug - in hybrids , which require more powerful batteries that charge more quickly than the current generation of hybrid batteries .
There are skeptics , too , among tax lawyers and other pragmatists familiar with the world of philanthropy .
They wonder whether Google ’s directors might be tempted to take back some of the largess in an economic downturn .
“ The money is at the beck and call of the board of directors and shareholders , ” said Marcus S. Owens , a tax lawyer in Washington who spent a decade as director of the exempt organizations division of the Internal Revenue Service .
“ It ’s possible the shareholders of Google might someday object , especially if we go into an economic depression and that money is needed to shore up the company . ”
Using cellophane to convert a liquid crystal display screen into a three dimensional display ( 3D laptop computer and 3D camera phone )
Keigo lizuka
Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering
35 St. George Street
University of Toronto
Toronto , Ontario , Canada M5S 1A4
Contents
Abstract
1. Properties of Cellophane
2. Stereoscopic Principles
3. Manipulating Polarized Light
4. Creating 3D Images
5. Eye Fatigue
6. Eliminating the Need to Wear Glasses
7 . Using a single camera phone
8. Method Summary
9. New Applications
10 . Conclusion
References
Abstract
We present a novel , inexpensive , stereoscopic technique for generating 3D images from cellophane on a liquid crystal displays which are most typically used for a laptop screen or a camera phone screen .
Stereoscopy requires independent manipulation of the left and right eye views .
1
Our technique takes advantage of two facts ; the first is that the light from the liquid crystal display of either a laptop computer or a camera phone is polarized light 2 , and therefore we can easily manipulate its transmission with a polarizer sheet .
The second fact is that a cellophane half - waveplate can change the direction of polarization of light .
The direction of polarization of one half of the liquid crystal screen was rotated by the cellophane half - waveplate .
Two images displayed with orthogonal polarization on two halves of the screen become separable by wearing a pair of glasses of orthogonal polarization .
A distinct advantage of our technique is its simplicity ; either a laptop screen or a camera phone screen can be converted into a 3D display with minimal knowledge of optics .
An additional advantage of our technique is that we can eliminate the need for the observer to wear special glasses by making the screen wear the glasses instead .
This is possible because there is normally only one viewer at a time , and the relative orientation of the viewer 's head and the screen is sufficiently stationary .
A further significant discovery is that we verified that cellophane ( costing mere pennies ) proved to be a better half - waveplate than a commercial half - waveplate ( costing hundreds of dollars for the required size ) for rotating the polarization of white light .
1. Properties of cellophane
Let us begin by examining the properties of cellophane .
Cellophane is fabricated by protruding an alkaline viscose solution through a narrow die into an acid bath .
Because of the unidirectional strain during the protruding process , cellophane is an anisotropic material and it behaves like a calcite crystal .
The refractive index n y of cellophane measured by a light wave component polarized in the direction of the longer dimension of the rolled cellophane ( in the y direction ) is larger than n x , measured by a light wave component polarized in the direction of the shorter dimension ( in the x direction ) .
As a result , the component polarized in the x direction propagates through the medium faster than the component polarized in the y direction .
After transmission through such a medium , a phase difference arises between these two light wave components .
The difference n y -n x in the refractive index and the thickness of the cellophane determine the amount of the phase difference between the components polarized in the x and y directions .
A medium that creates a 180o phase delay is a half - waveplate .
The phase difference incurred in our plain ordinary colorless cellophane sample was measured to be 170.2o , which is about 95 % of the phase delay of an ideal half - waveplate .
Our cellophane sample was purchased from Lewiscraft .
It was sold under the brand name " cello GIFT WRAP clear , " and its SKU number was listed as # 17606 .
We measured the cellophane thickness to be 25 microns .
The 170.2o phase delay of is within acceptable limits for a number of practical applications that do not require a precise 180o phase delay .
( For an unknown kind of cellophane , a simple test can be performed by inserting the cellophane in question between two polarizer sheets polarized in the same direction .
As you rotate the cellophane sheet you may see a variation in the transmittance of the polarizer sheets .
If you can find an angle for which the polarized sheets become almost completely opaque , the cellophane passes the test .
If there is no angle for which the sheets become opaque , the cellophane sheet is of no use .
There are two very important tests that need to be done in order to construct your 3D system .
This is the first important test , which is confirming that the cellophane has the necessary properties .
The second test , which confirms the the crisscrossed paths , is explained later ) .
One of the most important functions of a half - waveplate is its ability to rotate the direction of polarization of the transmitted light .
We found that cellophane ’s performance in rotating the direction of polarization of white light was superior to that of a commercially available half - waveplate designed for a specific wavelength .
An added bonus is that cellophane is very inexpensive .
Before describing the role of a half - waveplate in generating 3D images , we need to introduce some basic stereoscopic principles .
2. Stereoscopic principles
Figure 1 explains the basic principle of a 3D display based upon the parallax effect1 .
( a ) ( b ) The observer sees the ball in front of his or her eyes .
A picture of the ball is drawn on the screen by extending the lines from the eyes to the ball .
( c ) ( d ) The observer sees two balls on the screen , and there is no stereoscopic effect as yet .
To produce a stereoscopic effect , we must find a way to eliminate the views represented by the dashed lines .
The simplest although not the most practical way is to block the dashed line paths by extended hands .
For a more practical method , polarized light is used .
Polarizer glasses are worn to block the dashed line paths yet pass the solid line paths .
Fig. 1 Principle of stereoscopy .
Figure 1 ( a ) shows what an observer ’s left and right eyes see when a Fusen ( a traditional Japanese ball ) is flying toward the observer .
The left eye sees the ball to its right , while the right eye sees the same object to its left .
Our brain judges the distance to the ball using this information as well as other factors .
Figure 1 ( b ) is an attempt to fool the brain .
Two pictures of the ball are drawn on the screen located behind the ball by extending the lines of sight onto the screen .
As far as the light paths between the center - crossing point and both eyes are concerned , they are the same as the light path that would have been created by the actual ball .
Do these two ball pictures on the back screen alone give the observer the illusion that the ball exists off the screen ?
The answer is emphatically " No ! "
The reason is that each eye sees both pictures of the ball on the screen as indicated by the solid - line traces and the dashed - line traces in Fig. 1 ( c ) .
In order to create the illusion that the ball exists off the screen , we must find a way to ensure that each eye sees only one picture of the ball as indicated by the solid - line traces blocking the dashed - line traces .
Try to block only the dashed - line traces and pass the solid - line traces by extending your hands .
You will find the picture becomes instantly three dimensional .
If we eliminate the pictures that correspond to the dashed - line traces in Fig. 1 ( c ) , the light paths in Fig. 1 ( c ) become identical to the light paths shown in Fig. 1 ( b ) , and the illusion that the ball exists outside the screen is created .
One way to accomplish this without using hands is by using polarized light and wearing polarizer glasses as shown in Fig. 1 ( d ) .
Manipulation of polarized light makes it possible for each eye to see only the picture corresponding to the solid - line traces .
3. Manipulating polarized light
Polarized light is used not only because our eyes are insensitive to the polarization of the light wave , but also because its path can be selectively blocked or transmitted by using a polarizer .
If the polarizer 's transmission axis is parallel to the polarization direction of the incident light , the light passes through the polarizer with minimum attenuation .
On the other hand , if they are perpendicular to each other , the light is absorbed by the polarizer and does not transmit through .
Now , we can take advantage of the fact that the light emanating from the liquid crystal screen of a laptop computer or a camera phone is linearly polarized2 .
The light from the liquid crystal display is linearly polarized simply because the top surface of the liquid crystal screen is covered by a polarizer sheet as one of the necessary parts of the liquid crystal display .
In Fig. 2 , a triangular - shaped polarizer sheet is held up to a laptop computer screen .
( a ) ( b ) The transmission axis of the polarizer is perpendicular to the direction of polarization of light from the screen .
The polarizer in ( a ) is rotated by 90° .
The transmission axis of the polarizer is now parallel to the direction of polarization of light from the screen .
Fig. 2
A triangular - shaped polarizer sheet is held up to a laptop computer screen .
In Fig. 2 ( a ) , the polarizer sheet is oriented with its transmission axis perpendicular to the polarization direction of the light from the screen .
With this orientation , the polarizer sheet is quite effective at blocking the light from the screen .
In Fig. 2 ( b ) , the transmission axis of the polarizer sheet is rotated by 90 ° so that it becomes parallel to the polarization direction of light from the laptop screen .
With this orientation , the polarizer sheet becomes transparent .
The same type of demonstration can be made using the screen of a camera phone .
4. Creating 3D images
4.1 Using a laptop computer
Figure 3 illustrates how we can obtain 3D images from the liquid crystal display of a laptop computer3 .
The polarization directions are indicated by double - headed arrows .
( a ) ( b ) By wearing polarizer glasses , the observer sees only the light paths represented by the solid lines in Fig. 1 ( c ) .
The polarizer glasses reject the light paths represented by the dashed lines in Fig. 1 ( c ) .
The laptop computer wears the polarizer glasses instead of the observer .
Fig. 3 Converting a laptop computer screen into a 3D display .
The " polarizer " glasses shown in Fig. 3 are glasses in which the coverings for the eyes are constructed from polarizer sheets that have been cut down to a size suitable to fit into the cardboard frames of the glasses .
With our laptop computer , the direction of polarization of the light from the screen is at 45 ° from the horizontal direction .
( Note that the direction of polarization of light is not necessarily at 45 ° ; the angle depends on the type and make of the device .
If it is not at 45 ° the difference should be accounted accordingly ) .
An observer looking at this screen through polarizer glasses whose transmission axes are at 45 ° will be able to see the whole screen .
If , however , the right half of the laptop computer screen is covered by a cellophane sheet , the direction of polarization of the covered section is redirected to 135 ° ( = 45 ° + 90 ° ) .
Let us first consider what the observer sees through his or her right eye while wearing the polarizer glasses .
The transmission axis of the polarizer covering the observer ’s right eye is at 45 ° , which means the right eye can no longer see the covered section of the screen .
The right eye can see only the uncovered left half of the screen .
In short , with this configuration , the right eye sees only the ball displayed in the left half of the laptop computer screen .
Next , we turn our attention to what the observer sees through his or her left eye .
If the direction of the transmission axis of the polarizer covering the left eye is set at 135 ° , the left eye sees only the picture of the ball displayed in the right half of the laptop computer screen ; it can not see the ball in the left half of the screen .
In summary , with this configuration of the laptop computer screen ( half covered by cellophane ) and the orientation of the polarizers in the viewing glasses ( left polarizer at 135 ° and right polarizer at 45 ° ) , we can eliminate the light paths in the dotted lines in Fig. 1 ( c ) and duplicate the desired crisscross light path shown in Fig. 1 ( b ) , thus generating the illusion to the observer that there exists an actual ball .
4.2 Using two camera phones
A similar experiment can be performed using two separate camera phones placed side by side as shown in Fig.
4 . ( The details are reported in Ref. 4 . )
The two camera phones are held with a spacing of about 6.5 cm , which is the average spacing between human eyes .
A pair of pictures taken with this spacing is a pair of stereoscopic images .
The object was a horizontally placed red pencil tip pointing toward the cameraman .
This stereoscopic pair is sent by the transmitter phones to a pair of dialed distant receiver phones so that the two transmitted images are reproduced at the receiver site .
The receiver site has to do two things :
Transpose the images .
To transpose the images , the image taken by the left transmitting camera phone is sent to the right receiver phone , and likewise , the image taken by the right transmitting camera phone is sent to the left receiver phone .
Otherwise , the tip of the reconstructed pencil image would point away from the observer and the depth information would be reversed ( pseudoscopic image ) .
The operation of the transpose is photographically indicated by the crossed arms in Fig. 4 ( b ) .
( a ) ( b ) Geometry .
Corresponding photograph .
Fig. 4
Viewing the transposed stereoscopic image in the receiver phones through polarizer glasses .
Rotate the polarization direction of one of the images .
The display of the left camera phone in Fig. 4 is covered with the cellophane half - waveplate with its fast axis ( the direction perpendicular to that of the roll of the cellophane ) in either the horizontal or vertical direction .
Light from the Panasonic GD 88 display is polarized at 135 ° from the horizontal direction , while that of the cellophane - covered receiver phone is now rotated by - 90 ° to 45 ° from the horizontal direction .
Thus , the stereoscopic pair of images is displayed with orthogonal polarizations on the two phones side by side .
Images in orthogonal polarization ( 135 ° on the right and 45 ° on the left ) become separable by wearing the above mentioned pair of glasses of orthogonal polarization .
( Note that the direction of polarization of light from the laptop was 45 ° whereas that of the camera phone is 135 ° and the cellophane sheet was placed on the left phone so that the same pair of glasses can be used for both the laptop and the camera phone ) .
A sure check is to examine whether or not the right eye can see only the screen of the left phone , and similarly , the left eye can see only the screen of the right phone , thus generating the illusion to the observer that there exists an actual object off screen .
( This is the second of the two most important tests in constructing the 3D display system .
The first test was to verify the cellophane properties .
The second test is to confirm these crisscrossed light paths by using your hand to cover one eye at a time . )
5. Eye Fatigue
We now consider a modification to the configuration in order to ease the problem of eye fatigue .
We begin by reviewing factors that contribute to eye fatigue .
The eye ball itself rotates when viewing an object .
The inside muscle ( medial rectus muscle ) contracts and the outside muscle ( lateral rectus muscle ) expands to turn the eyeball inward .
The macula ( yellow spot ) near the optical axis is the area where the sharpest image is formed in our retina , but it is tiny and is within 4 degrees of the optical axis .
The eye ball is continuously working to place the image onto this spot .
This eyeball movement is called convergence or simply vergence to the position of object .
At the same time , the focal length of the eye lens is adjusted by the tension of the cilliary body muscle to clearly focus the image on the retina .
This is called accommodation of the eye to the position of the object .
Our brain judges the distance to the object primarily from parallax , but convergence and accommodation are two other major factors .
( Certainly it is much more complex , and there are other factors such as occlusion , relative size , shadows , foreshortening , relative brightness , atmosphere and texture gradient , and movement parallax , 5 - 10 to name a few . )
It has been clinically shown5 that if the point of convergence is different from that of accommodation , eye fatigue accumulates .
In Fig. 4 the points of convergence and accommodation are different .
The point of convergence is to the midpoint between the camera phones and the eyes , while the point of accommodation is to a point on the camera phone display .
This difference not only becomes a source of eye fatigue , but there are some people who are not able to make binocular fusion and cannot see the 3D effect even with a slight difference between the points of convergence and accommodation .
This is analogous to color blindness in which some people cannot see certain colors .
A pair of prisms was used to alleviate this problem as shown in Fig.
5 . Prisms with a 5.6 ° wedge angle were used ( http://www.rolyn.com).
One prism deviates the path of light approximately by 3 ° .
The prisms shift the location of the image as shown by the dashed lines in the figure .
That brings the image to almost the position where the object was originally located without harming the three dimensionality of the image .
This arrangement reduces not only eye fatigue but also lessens the problems associated with poor binocular fusion .
The required angle of deviation of the prism depends on the viewing configuration .
It certainly can be determined by calculation .
An easier way is described as follows .
When an observer looks through the pair of glasses with prisms at an ordinary object , the observer sees double images .
The wedge angle of the prism is chosen such that the spacing of the double images becomes equal to the spacing between the pair of stereoscopic images .
Fig. 5
Wedge prisms deviate the image to the original location to relieve eye fatigue .
The cross-sectional shape of the pair of prisms resembles a single plano - convex lens with its center portion removed .
This suggests an easy method for combating poor binocular fusion .
By just looking through an ordinary magnifying glass , the problem of poor binocular fusion may be solved .
Select a magnifying lens whose diameter is just large enough to cover both eyes so that your eyes see primarily through the diametrical opposite edges as shown in Fig.
6 . The proper position of the stereoscopic pair of pictures for a given focal length of the magnifying lens is found as follows .
Make a V sign with your fingers such that the spacing of the pointer and middle fingers matches the spacing between the stereoscopic pair of pictures to observe .
Stretch your arm in front of you and look at your finger V sign through the diametrically opposite edges of the magnifying lens .
As your stretch your arm further , the single image of your V sign starts to split into a double image and begins to form a three finger V sign .
The length of the required stretch of your arm to see the three finger V sign is the distance you need to the stereoscopic pair of pictures .
An added bonus of the magnifying glass is that it enlarges the image .
Fig. 6
Use this method to determine the position of the stereoscopic images for a given focal length of the magnifying glass .
First , adjust the spacing between the pointer and the middle finger to be equal to the spacing between the pair of the stereoscopic pictures to observe .
The V sign image shifts when viewed with the eyes aligned near the edges of a magnifying glass .
The shift depends on the stretch of the arm .
Find the length of the stretch of the arm for which a three finger V sign is observed .
The stereoscopic pair should be placed at this position of the fingers to observe the 3D image .
.
6. Eliminating the Need to Wear Polarizer Glasses
The necessity for the observer to wear polarizer glasses can be eliminated by letting the display screen wear the glasses instead .
The use of a magnifying lens becomes practical by encasing the two camera phones in a small box with an opening on its cover .
( In case of a laptop computer , make a cover with an opening . )
The box is made telescopic so that the depth of the box is adjustable .
As shown in Fig. 7 , a polarizer sheet is placed in the opening with its transmission axis at 135 ° from the horizontal direction .
Fig. 7 Eliminating the need to wear glasses .
The right half of the polarizer sheet is covered by a cellophane sheet in order to change the direction of the transmission axis to 45 ° .
Even though a glass lens was used in Fig. 7 , a plastic lens has the advantage of lighter weight .
If a plastic lens is used , it should not be placed between any polarizer sheets because it may create birefringent fringe patterns due to residual stress in the plastic lens .
The plastic lens should be placed on the outside surface of the box rather than on the inside surface .
It should be added that this approach is possible because both a laptop computer and a camera phone normally have only one viewer at a time , and the viewer instinctively holds his or her head in a position to match the position of the display .
But as the position of the eyes move away from the opening , the range of the allowed lateral movement of the eyes decreases and finally the tolerance becomes uncomfortably small .
7 . Using a single camera phone
It is possible to produce a 3D display using a single camera phone .
The display of a camera phone has to share two stereoscopic images , and the left and right images have to be transposed .
The details of the slip - on stereoscopic mirrors are shown in Fig. 8 ( from Ref. 4 ) .
The scene taken in by the right outer 100 % reflecting ordinary mirror reaches the left side of the stereoscopic image by way of the inner two 50 % reflecting half mirrors , and similarly , that taken in by the left outer mirror reaches the right side of the stereoscopic image .
Thus , the transpose of the image is achieved .
Fig. 8 Diagram of the slip - on stereoscopic mirrors .
The slip - on stereoscopic mirrors have a wide strap to slip the camera phone securely in place as shown in Fig. 9 ( from Ref 4 ) .
Fig. 9 Photograph of slip - on stereoscopic mirrors .
One takes a pair of stereoscopic images by pressing the shutter key of the camera phone .
The stereoscopic pair is then sent to a dialed distant receiver phone .
On the receiver end , only the left half of the receiver phone 's liquid crystal is covered by the cellophane sheet so as to rotate the direction of the polarization of the light from the left half of the liquid crystal display .
Thus , a stereoscopic pair of images with orthogonal polarization is made on the receiver camera phone display .
The observer at the receiver end can view the 3D image by wearing a crossed polarizer glasses such as shown in Fig. 3 or clip - on polarizer glasses which can be flipped up for ordinary viewing .
Figure 9 shows the operation of the slip - on stereoscopic mirrors .
An interesting feature of this camera is that at the time the 3D picture is taken , the composition of the 3D image can be readily examined on a preview screen even before the shutter is activated if the cellophane sheet remains on the left half of the display screen of the transmitter camera phone at all times .
It behaves like a real - time 3D display .
The sender can examine the 3D image .
The 3D effect is more dramatic if the object is a close object like faces , flowers , birds , pets or trains or gardens , but the 3D is not as effective with far objects like scenery , mountains , or countryside .
The sender can pre-examine the photo before sending the picture .
The quality of the transmitted 3D picture is compared with that taken in an ordinary manner in Fig. 10 ( from Ref 4 ) .
The slip - on stereoscopic mirrors inflicted no noticeable degradation in picture quality .
Fig. 10 Comparison of the 3D pictures .
The picture on the left was taken in an ordinary manner , and the right , taken with the slip - on stereoscopic mirrors .
8. Method Summary
A step by step method for fabricating the 3D image from a laptop computer is summarized in Fig. 11 , and that for fabricating the 3D image using two camera phones , in Fig. 12 .
( a ) ( b ) Display what the right eye sees on the left half of the screen , and display what the left eye sees on the right half of the screen .
Cover the right half of the screen with the cellophane half - waveplate .
To view , wear crossed polarized glasses such as those shown in Fig. 3 .
The 3D image that the observer sees .
Fig. 11 A summary of the procedure for converting a 2D laptop screen into a 3D display .
( a ) ( b ) Place two camera phones side by side with a spacing of 6.5 cm .
Take a set of pictures and dial the receiver phones to send the pictures .
Transpose the received picture and cover the screen of the left phone with the cellophane half - wave plate .
To view , wear crossed polarized glasses such as those shown in Fig.
3 . Fig. 12 A Summary of the procedure for converting two camera phones into a 3D display .
9. New Applications
Such a technique would have potential expansion into such fields as gaming , consumer goods , scientific and medical applications .
Most recently , the 3D technique using a cellophane sheet was applied to a laparoscope in order to expand the limited viewing capability of this minimum invasive surgical device .
A novel 3D laparoscope that can capture three - dimensional images during surgery was reported 11 .
The principle is solely based on the manipulation of polarized light by a cellophane half waveplate rather than computer processing ; hence , there is no time delay ( real - time operation ) and lesions are viewed in true color ( important for diagnostics ) .
3D images are obtained with a single laparoscope .
A unique feature of this 3D laparoscope is that it includes a virtual ruler to measure distances without physically touching affected areas .
The structure is simple , sturdy , lightweight , and its diameter is no bigger than a standard 10 mm diameter laparoscope .
Fig. 13 System of the 3D laparoscope .
10 . Conclusion
In conclusion , a novel method to convert either a 2D laptop computer screen or a camera phone screen into a 3D display was achieved by using plain ordinary cellophane wrapping paper as a half - waveplate .
The case of single camera phone is reported in Ref ( 4 ) .
Applications to a 3D laparoscope are reported in Ref ( 11 ) .
11 . Acknowledgment
The author expresses his gratitude to Mrs. Mary Jean Giliberto for converting this paper into a Web - friendly format .
References
Takanori Okoshi , Three - dimensional Imaging Techniques ( Academic Press , New York , 1976 ) .
Keigo Iizuka , Elements of Photonics ( Wiley & Sons , New York , 2002 ) p. 350 .
K. Iizuka , " Cellophane as a half - waveplate and its use for converting a laptop computer screen into a three - dimensional display , " Rev. Sci. Instrum .
Vol. 74 , 3636-3639 ( 2003 ) .
Keigo Iizuka , " Three dimensional camera phone , " Applied Optics Vol. 43 , 6285-6292 ( 2004 ) ..
Takehiro Izumi , ed. , Fundamentals of 3D Vision ( Ohm - sha , Tokyo , 1995 ) p. 64 .
J. Harrold , A. Jacobs , G. J. Woodgate , and D. Ezra , " Performance of a Convertible , 2D and 3D Parallax Barrier Autostereoscopic Display " in the Proceedings of the SID 20th International Display Research Conference ( Palm Beach , Florida , September 2000 ) .
J. Cutting and P. Vishton , " Perceiving layout and knowing distance : the integration , relative potency and contextual use of different information about depth " in Perception of Space and Motion , W. Epstein and S. Rogers , eds .
( Academic Press , New York , 1995 ) , pp. 69 - 117 .
E. Goldstein , Sensation and Perception , 3rd ed. ( Wadsworth Publishing , Belmont , California , 1989 ) .
H. Sedgwick , " The Geometry of Spatial Layout in Pictorial Representation " in The Perception of Pictures , Vol.1 , Alberti's Window : The Projective Model of Pictorial Information , M. Hagen , ed. ( Academic Press , London 1980 ) , pp. 34-90 .
J. D. Pfautz , " Depth perception in computer graphics , " Technical Report number 546 , University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory ( ISSN 1476-2986 , 2002 ) .
Keigo Iizuka , " 3D laparoscope based on the manipulation of polarized light by a cellophone half waveplate " accepted by Applied Optics .
Back
CSS Tip : Create a default with special cases Ryan
When you have one element with multiple states , you can use an ID to define the default appearance and classes for the individual cases .
This makes your CSS easier to read and reduces code duplication ( stay DRY ) .
In Basecamp , a bar appears below the navigation to display green confirmation messages and red failure messages .
The only difference between the two messages is the color and icon .
The basic appearance of the bar is the same in both cases , and there is only one bar , so we can start with an ID .
“ Flash ” is Rails parlance for this sort of message , so we called it # Flash .
< div id = " Flash " > This is the Flash bar .</div >
# Flash { text - align : left ; border : 1 px solid #ccc ; font - size : 14 px ; margin : 0 7px 12px 0 ; padding : 5 px 5 px 5 px 30 px ; }
Where I come from in South Carolina , Shag is a dance style , we have Shag clubs and festivals devoted to Shagging .
As a matter of fact I have a Shag trophy at home ... I was surprised when I found out it meant sex in other places .
It 's Monday , and Steve Yegge still hates Agile software development .
How much does he hate it ?
Approximately 11,000 words ' worth .
I think I could start a cottage industry producing Cliff 's Notes versions of Steve Yegge posts .
Here 's my condensed version of Steve 's latest :
Steve did n't intend to promote Google 's software development process as the One True Method of software development .
It 's just an example of one possible alternative to Agile .
alternative to Agile .
Agile software development methodologies only work because any software development methodology works if you have reasonably talented engineers trying hard enough .
software development methodology works if you have reasonably talented engineers trying hard enough .
There 's no empirical , scientific way to prove that Agile is any better than any other software development methodology .
Thus , the promotion of Agile is a superstition .
The repeated use of the word " superstition " is a key point .
In his previous post , he referred to Agile as a religion :
So the consultants , now having lost their primary customer , were at a bar one day , and one of them ( named L. Ron Hubbard ) said : " This nickel - a - line - of - code gig is lame .
You know where the real money is at ?
You start your own religion . "
And that 's how both Extreme Programming and Scientology were born .
Steve says " religion " like that 's a bad thing .
But software development is , and has always been , a religion .
We band together into groups of people who believe the same things , with very little basis for proving any of those beliefs .
Java versus .
NET .
Microsoft versus Google .
Static languages versus Dynamic languages .
We may kid ourselves into believing we 're " computer scientists " , but when was the last time you used a hypothesis and a control to prove anything ?
We 're too busy solving customer problems in the chosen tool , unbeliever !
The fundamental cultural problem with superstition arises when people do n't know how to differentiate between reliable and unreliable data - verification sources , so they treat non-science as science .
If they do n't recognize or admit that they 're being superstitious , then they 'll feel no qualms at all about trying to propagate their beliefs to YOU .
Did Steve
Yegge prove that Google 's software development methodology is any better than big-a Agile ?
No , but he strongly believes it to be so in his heart of hearts .
You might even say he 's religious about it .
And so what ?
There 's nothing wrong with a religion that preaches solid engineering .
If you 're a true believer in the church of Google methodology , you 'll become a better developer .
When Steve evangelizes the glory of Google 's methodology so eloquently , it gets other developers excited about what they 're doing and makes them better developers , too .
Before you know it , the whole team is juiced because everything is coming together on this totally awesome plan that they all believe in -- whether it 's big-a Agile , Google , Scrum , or whatever .
In order for programmers to be effective , they have to believe in what they 're doing .
Whether that belief is scientifically and empirically provable is completely irrelevant .
It 's Peopleware 101 .
Steve is so hell - bent on proving his own methodology athiesm that he undermines his own point .
It 's all religion , as Jef Raskin points out :
Computer systems exhibit all the behaviors best suited to create superstitious responses .
You will try something , it wo n't work , so you try it again -- the exact same way -- and this time it works , or not .
That 's random reinforcement .
The effectiveness of many programming and management practices thus are not measurable .
Most of the principles of " extreme programming , " for example , seem reasonable to me , and I was using many of them long before they had acquired their present absurd name .
The people who promulgate the idea , however , are also those who created the paradigm .
Most reported results are n't even single - blind , much less double - blind .
We rarely understand , in any detail , the processes going on behind the tasks we do with computers .
We 're using megabytes of code written by others , code that is indifferently documented and inadequately tested , and which is being used in ways and in combinations unforeseen by its creators .
Software methodology religion , in and of itself , is n't dangerous .
There 's always the risk of religious persecution , but the only truly dangerous people are the religious nuts who do n't realize they are religious nuts .
I do n't like resorting to name - calling , but I just can't see how Steve could otherwise be so glib :
But rather than enumerating all the non-Agile teams and companies as special cases , let 's get straight to the rule :
Most great software developers around the world do n't use Agile .
They just work hard , they stay lightweight , and they ship great stuff .
Most developers still have no idea what Agile even is .
Think of that !
How exactly is " staying lightweight " different from Agile ?
Is n't Agile the Church of Lightweight ?
Steve may disagree with specific tenets of the church , ( pair programming , etc ) , and that 's fine .
Nobody prays exactly the same way , and not everyone is a zealot .
But you always have a set of shared , core beliefs .
And lightweight development is clearly a core Agile belief .
It 's true that most developers do n't use agile software development .
But it 's not by choice .
They were n't given a choice .
They 're usually stuck in organizations that do n't allow them the luxury of " staying lightweight " .
They 're peons trapped in a sausage factory .
Steve talks about " staying lightweight " as if it 's the easiest thing in the world , like it 's some natural state of grace that developers and organizations are born into .
Telling developers to stay lightweight is like telling depressed people to cheer up .
I 'm not sure why Steve is so uncomfortable with the idea of software development as a religion , as a set of shared beliefs with very little " basis [ in ] scientific experiment or pure deductive reasoning . "
Because he 's surely one of the best evangelists I 've ever read .
This is my sixth column for Wired.com :
It ’s a David and Goliath story of the tech blogs defeating a mega- corporation .
On Oct. 31 , Mark Russinovich broke the story in his blog : Sony BMG Music Entertainment distributed a copy - protection scheme with music CDs that secretly installed a rootkit on computers .
This software tool is run without your knowledge or consent — if it ’s loaded on your computer with a CD , a hacker can gain and maintain access to your system and you would n’t know it .
The Sony code modifies Windows so you ca n’t tell it ’s there , a process called “ cloaking ” in the hacker world .
It acts as spyware , surreptitiously sending information about you to Sony .
And it ca n’t be removed ; trying to get rid of it damages Windows .
This story was picked up by other blogs ( including mine ) , followed by the computer press .
Finally , the mainstream media took it up .
The outcry was so great that on Nov. 11 , Sony announced it was temporarily halting production of that copy - protection scheme .
That still was n’t enough — on Nov. 14 the company announced it was pulling copy - protected CDs from store shelves and offered to replace customers ’ infected CDs for free .
But that ’s not the real story here .
It ’s a tale of extreme hubris .
Sony rolled out this incredibly invasive copy - protection scheme without ever publicly discussing its details , confident that its profits were worth modifying its customers ’ computers .
When its actions were first discovered , Sony offered a “ fix ” that did n’t remove the rootkit , just the cloaking .
Sony claimed the rootkit did n’t phone home when it did .
On Nov. 4 , Thomas Hesse , Sony BMG ’s president of global digital business , demonstrated the company ’s disdain for its customers when he said , “ Most people do n’t even know what a rootkit is , so why should they care about it ? ” in an NPR interview .
Even Sony ’s apology only admits that its rootkit “ includes a feature that may make a user ’s computer susceptible to a virus written specifically to target the software . ”
However , imperious corporate behavior is not the real story either .
This drama is also about incompetence .
Sony ’s latest rootkit - removal tool actually leaves a gaping vulnerability .
And Sony ’s rootkit — designed to stop copyright infringement — itself may have infringed on copyright .
As amazing as it might seem , the code seems to include an open - source MP3 encoder in violation of that library ’s license agreement .
But even that is not the real story .
It ’s an epic of class - action lawsuits in California and elsewhere , and the focus of criminal investigations .
The rootkit has even been found on computers run by the Department of Defense , to the Department of Homeland Security ’s displeasure .
While Sony could be prosecuted under U.S. cybercrime law , no one thinks it will be .
And lawsuits are never the whole story .
This saga is full of weird twists .
Some pointed out how this sort of software would degrade the reliability of Windows .
Someone created malicious code that used the rootkit to hide itself .
A hacker used the rootkit to avoid the spyware of a popular game .
And there were even calls for a worldwide Sony boycott .
After all , if you ca n’t trust Sony not to infect your computer when you buy its music CDs , can you trust it to sell you an uninfected computer in the first place ?
That ’s a good question , but — again — not the real story .
It ’s yet another situation where Macintosh users can watch , amused ( well , mostly ) from the sidelines , wondering why anyone still uses Microsoft Windows .
But certainly , even that is not the real story .
The story to pay attention to here is the collusion between big media companies who try to control what we do on our computers and computer - security companies who are supposed to be protecting us .
Initial estimates are that more than half a million computers worldwide are infected with this Sony rootkit .
Those are amazing infection numbers , making this one of the most serious internet epidemics of all time — on a par with worms like Blaster , Slammer , Code Red and Nimda .
What do you think of your antivirus company , the one that did n’t notice Sony ’s rootkit as it infected half a million computers ?
And this is n’t one of those lightning - fast internet worms ; this one has been spreading since mid-2004 .
Because it spread through infected CDs , not through internet connections , they did n’t notice ?
This is exactly the kind of thing we ’re paying those companies to detect — especially because the rootkit was phoning home .
But much worse than not detecting it before Russinovich ’s discovery was the deafening silence that followed .
When a new piece of malware is found , security companies fall over themselves to clean our computers and inoculate our networks .
Not in this case .
McAfee did n’t add detection code until Nov. 9 , and as of Nov. 15 it does n’t remove the rootkit , only the cloaking device .
The company admits on its web page that this is a lousy compromise .
“ McAfee detects , removes and prevents reinstallation of XCP . ”
That ’s the cloaking code .
“ Please note that removal will not impair the copyright - protection mechanisms installed from the CD .
There have been reports of system crashes possibly resulting from uninstalling XCP . ”
Thanks for the warning .
Symantec ’s response to the rootkit has , to put it kindly , evolved .
At first the company did n’t consider XCP malware at all .
It was n’t until Nov. 11 that Symantec posted a tool to remove the cloaking .
As of Nov. 15 , it is still wishy - washy about it , explaining that “ this rootkit was designed to hide a legitimate application , but it can be used to hide other objects , including malicious software . ”
The only thing that makes this rootkit legitimate is that a multinational corporation put it on your computer , not a criminal organization .
You might expect Microsoft to be the first company to condemn this rootkit .
After all , XCP corrupts Windows ’ internals in a pretty nasty way .
It ’s the sort of behavior that could easily lead to system crashes — crashes that customers would blame on Microsoft .
But it was n’t until Nov. 13 , when public pressure was just too great to ignore , that Microsoft announced it would update its security tools to detect and remove the cloaking portion of the rootkit .
Perhaps the only security company that deserves praise is F - Secure , the first and the loudest critic of Sony ’s actions .
And Sysinternals , of course , which hosts Russinovich ’s blog and brought this to light .
Bad security happens .
It always has and it always will .
And companies do stupid things ; always have and always will .
But the reason we buy security products from Symantec , McAfee and others is to protect us from bad security .
I truly believed that even in the biggest and most - corporate security company there are people with hackerish instincts , people who will do the right thing and blow the whistle .
That all the big security companies , with over a year ’s lead time , would fail to notice or do anything about this Sony rootkit demonstrates incompetence at best , and lousy ethics at worst .
Microsoft I can understand .
The company is a fan of invasive copy protection — it ’s being built into the next version of Windows .
Microsoft is trying to work with media companies like Sony , hoping Windows becomes the media - distribution channel of choice .
And Microsoft is known for watching out for its business interests at the expense of those of its customers .
What happens when the creators of malware collude with the very companies we hire to protect us from that malware ?
We users lose , that ’s what happens .
A dangerous and damaging rootkit gets introduced into the wild , and half a million computers get infected before anyone does anything .
Who are the security companies really working for ?
It ’s unlikely that this Sony rootkit is the only example of a media company using this technology .
Which security company has engineers looking for the others who might be doing it ?
And what will they do if they find one ?
What will they do the next time some multinational company decides that owning your computers is a good idea ?
These questions are the real story , and we all deserve answers .
PR
写 真1●スターロジック代表取締役兼CEOの羽生章洋氏 [ 画像のクリックで拡大表示 ]
写真2●オープンソースが儲からない理由 [ 画像のクリックで拡大表示 ] 写 真 3 ●Fake Community がSI企業と結びつくのが最悪 [ 画像のクリックで拡大表示 ]
「 企業とエンジニア とOSSの三角関係」。スターロジック代表取締役兼CEOであり，Seasarファウンデーションの理事も務める羽生章洋氏（写真1）は，2006年5月15日に開催されたオープンソース関連イベント「
Open Source Revolution！」で，このような刺激的なタイトルで講演を行った（関連記事）。優秀なエンジニアはなぜオープンソース・ソフトウエア（OSS）の開発プロジェクトに引き寄せられるのか，それを踏まえて企業はどのような点に気をつけなければならないのかについての自説を披露した。
OSS には様々なものがある
羽生氏はま ず「 OSS といっても様々なものがある」と指摘。OSSと十把一絡げに言うのは，ちょうど「欧米」と言うのと同じだとした。実際には，欧と米は違うし，欧の中でも英国とドイツとフランスは違う。羽生氏はOSSにおける違いとして次の四つを挙げた。
「 地域」…ソフトウエアのジャンル
OS ，データベース管理システム，アプリケーション・サーバー，ライブラリなど
OS ，データベース管理システム，アプリケーション・サーバー，ライブラリなど
「 言葉 」…開発言 語
C，Java，Ruby ，Perl，PHPなど
C，Java，Ruby ，Perl，PHPなど 「 宗教」…ライセンス
GPL，BSD，APL，CPL など
GPL，BSD ，APL，CPL など 「 政体」…開発組織
個人，有志集団 ，NPO，株式会社，任意団体など
これらが違うものを同列に論じているのには無理があるということだ。例えば開発組織でいえば，米Red Hatは株式会社である米JBossを買収できたが，NPOであるSeasarファウンデーションを買収することはできない。
こうした違いは，プロプライエタリなソフトウエアも似ているという。「宗教」や「政体」の部分がOSSと異なるだけで，「ソフトウエア」という点は同じだからだ。「オープンソースだから，プロプライエタリだから品質がどうこうということはない。バグのあるソフトにはバグがある，それだけ」（羽生氏）。
ベンダー大陸とユーザー大陸
次に羽生氏が挙げたのは，ソフトウエア経済という惑星には「ベンダー大陸」と「ユーザー大陸」の二つがある，ということである。ベンダー大陸には「プロプライエタリ・パッケージ界」だけでなく「OSS界」も含まれる。ユーザーはオープンソースにもサポートを求めるからだ。つまりベンダーとして見ているのである。
一方，ユーザー大陸でベンダー大陸に接しているのがSI 界である。ベンダー大陸からソフトウエアを輸入して組み合わせることで，エンドユーザー界にソリューションを提供している。
ソフトウエアとお金の関係
以上の前提を踏まえたうえで，羽生氏は「企業とエンジニアとオープンソースの三角関係」で重要な意味を持つ「お金」の話を始めた。この三角関係がこじれるのは「お金がからんでくるとき」だからである。
お金の流れは 「ソフトウエアの価値連鎖」の構造がわからないと見えてこない。具体的には
「 開発者 」 が「 プロダクト 」を開 発
「 プロダクト 」 は 「 チャネル」を通して流 通
「 チャネル 」 から 「ユーザー」がプロダクトを入手
「 ユーザー 」 が 「 開発者」にフィードバック
というループである。開発者とユーザーはたいてい何らかの企業に所属しているため，それぞれ所属企業から給料を得ている。この構造を基に，羽生氏は様々なソフトウエアの形態ごとにお金の流れを説明した。
・商用ソフトウエアの場合
個人向け商用ソフトウエアの場合，開発者は「ベンダー内の従業員開発者」であり，チャネルは「販売代理店」になる。ユーザーの所属企業が給料をユーザーに支払い，ユーザーは代金を販売代理店に支払い，販売代理店は集めた代金をベンダーに支払い，ベンダーは給料を開発者に支払う。つまり，ユーザーの勤務している企業のお金が最終的にベンダー内の開発者に渡るという流れになっている。企業向けの商用ソフトウエアの場合は，ユーザーが「企業内ユーザー」になる。ユーザーが所属する企業が，ユーザーに給料を，販売代理店に代金を支払う以外は，個人向け商用ソフトウエアと変わらない。
・日本のフリーウエア/シェアウエアの場合
フリーウエアの場合，チャネルは「窓の杜 」 や「 Vector」といったダウンロード・サイトになる。ユーザーと開発者の間にお金のやり取りはない。就業時間中にフリーウエアを開発していると所属企業に問題視されることはあるが，開発者個人にお金が入ってこないので，あまり問題がこじれることはない。ところが，シェアウエアの場合は開発者にお金が入ってくるので，「副業をやっている」ということが大きな問題になる。
・ Seasar2をはじめとするOSSの場合
開発者は 「コミッタ」であり，ユーザーは「SI企業内開発者」である（写真2）。コミッタには「仕事でやっている人」と「仕事として認めてもらえないので夜中にやっている人」がいるが，いずれにせよ所属企業から給料をもらっている。一方，SI企業はエンドユーザー企業からお金をもらい，SI企業内開発者に給料を支払っているが，コミッタの所属企業にはお金は渡らない。これがオープンソースが儲からない理由だという。この問題を解決する方法が次の二つである。
・ OSS でサポート・ビジネスをする場合
エンドユーザー企業やSI企業からコミッタの所属企業がお金をもらうことができる。そのいい例がJBossだという。
・ SI企業がコミッタ所属企業を兼ねている場合
スターロジックはSI企業とコミッタの所属企業を兼ねているので，エンドユーザー企業からお金をもらって，スターロジックに所属しているコミッタとSI開発者に給料を支払っている。大手ベンダーのいくつかも同じ構造になっているという。
・ Fake Community 論
羽生氏は 「
ユーザー会自体が悪いと言っているわけではない」と前置きしたうえで，日本にはOSSのユーザー会が多い点を指摘した。海外で開発されたOSSでは日本語が使えない場合，ユーザー会が独自の日本版を開発することが多い。ユーザー会がカスタマイズの成果を本家にフィードバックすれば問題ないが，フィードバックしない場合，本家とは別に日本ローカルのコミュニティができてしまう。これがFake Communityである。
・ Fake Community がSI企業と結びついた場 合
そして最も問題なのが，企業 がFake Communityをコミュニティだと思って支援する場合である（写真3）。お金の流れがからんでくるからだ。国内で完結しているため，本家にはフィードバックもお金も流れない。優秀なエンジニアには「人の善意を踏みにじってるんじゃないの？」というように見える。つまり，こうした企業は嫌われる。
OSS とのよい関係を築くために
ここまでの議論を踏まえたうえで，羽生氏は企業が気をつけるべき点を挙げていった。
まず，OSSのコミュニティには二つあることを理解する必要があるという。コミッタ（開発者）のコミュニティとユーザーのコミュニティである。「この二つが近いほど盛り上がりやすい」（羽生氏）。その最もいい例がSeasarだという。羽生氏はSeasarが短期間で盛り上がった理由をいくつか挙げた。まず，絶え間ない宴会。数カ月おきに開催するイベントも効果的だという。メディアの記者は技術の内容を理解できないので，イベントだと記事に書いてもらいやすいからだ。
そして，エンジニア がSeasarのコミュニティに参加する動機として「日常からの逃避」という側面があることも見逃せないとした。会社で好きなソフトを作らせてもらえない優れたエンジニアが，やりたいことを求めてコミュニティにやってくるのである。そうしたエンジニアは驚くような質の高いコードを書くという。
ただ，スターロジック はSeasar以外のOSSにはコミッタを出していない。案件に使っているだけで，フィードバックしていないソフトウエアもある。だからこそ，反感を持たれないように発言には細心の注意を払っているという。一番嫌われるのは，「お金だけ出しとけばいいんじゃないの」という態度の企業だ。「人の顔が見えないボランティアはウソくさい」（羽生氏）。こうした企業は，従業員がメーリングリストに書いたたった一つの不用意な文章がきっかけで，風評被害をもたらすスレッドが「2ちゃんねる」に乱立することもある。
ただ，こうしたリスクがあるからといってOSSにかかわらないのでは，リスクを取りに行く企業との競争に負けてしまう。何よりOSSは無料であり，仕入れコストが商用ソフトとは比較にならない。また，「ユーザー大陸のSI企業がベンダー大陸に移動するチャンス」でもある。スターロジックは自社で開発したワークフロー・エンジンをSeasarファウンデーションに寄贈している（参考記事）。このおかげで，有償サポートの話が来ているという。OSSにより，小さい企業が資本の弱さをカバーできるのである。メリットは，ブランドの認知，顧客の獲得，採用コストの低減など数多い。今では，スターロジックに入りたいというエンジニアは多いという。優秀なエンジニアが向こうからやってくるのだ。
羽生氏は，今後，人材の流動性が高まることは避けられないと語る。現に，派遣会社のエンジニアのスタッフ登録は減ってきているという。優秀なエンジニアは，コミュニティの中で転職先を見つけるようになってきているからだ。企業が，自社のエンジニアをコミュニティに積極的に参加させるようにすれば，引き抜かれる危険性もある代わり，他社の優秀なエンジニアを連れてきてくれることもある。
もはや，会社が認めてくれなくても，外部が認めてくれることは十分ある時代である。OSSによりルールが変わったのだ。ボランティアを上回るような志の高さを会社がきちんと示せないと，優秀な人材を引き留めることはできない。企業は「ビジョン重要」だと羽生氏は講演を締めくくった。
Washington - HOW did American interrogation tactics after 9/11 come to include abuse rising to the level of torture ?
Much has been said about the illegality of these tactics , but the strategic error that led to their adoption has been overlooked .
The Pentagon effectively signed off on a strategy that mimics Red Army methods .
But those tactics were not only inhumane , they were ineffective .
For Communist interrogators , truth was beside the point : their aim was to force compliance to the point of false confession .
Fearful of future terrorist attacks and frustrated by the slow progress of intelligence - gathering from prisoners at Guantánamo Bay , Pentagon officials turned to the closest thing on their organizational charts to a school for torture .
That was a classified program at Fort Bragg , N.C. , known as SERE , for Survival , Evasion , Resistance , Escape .
Based on studies of North Korean and Vietnamese efforts to break American prisoners , SERE was intended to train American soldiers to resist the abuse they might face in enemy custody .
The Pentagon appears to have flipped SERE 's teachings on their head , mining the program not for resistance techniques but for interrogation methods .
At a June 2004 briefing , the chief of the United States Southern Command , Gen. James T. Hill , said a team from Guantánamo went " up to our SERE school and developed a list of techniques " for " high - profile , high - value " detainees .
General Hill had sent this list -- which included prolonged isolation and sleep deprivation , stress positions , physical assault and the exploitation of detainees ' phobias -- to Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , who approved most of the tactics in December 2002 .
This site requires flash 7 or later .
Click here to proceed with your current version .
Last March , when we were starting to plan our summer internships , I was disappointed by the massive bogusness of the so - called “ business challenges ” on the TV show The Apprentice .
From the posts over on the discussion groups , it was apparent to me that people were really excited to see each new episode , and then consistently disappointed when the management challenge turned out to consist of two hours of inspecting chocolate bars in a factory , or hawking on street corners to get people to go into a restaurant .
Management challenge , indeed !
Those are two of the lowest - paying jobs in New York City .
Most of the people on the streets handing out flyers are homeless and working for minimum wage .
At the same time , I noticed that there were very few decent documentaries about the software development process .
Since the idea of our summer internship was to build a new product , from beginning to end , during the course of one summer , I thought it would be a great opportunity to have a filmmaker come into our offices and film the whole thing .
And I thought that the audience that ’s excited to see inside the business world would be just as enthusiastic to get a view of the software development process at Fog Creek .
So I put out a call for a documentary filmmaker .
We got a half - dozen serious applications and picked Lerone Wilson , a recent NYU grad , to invade our office for the summer and make a movie .
Instead of paying for the production ourselves , we provided a minimum subsidy , so the filmmaker could maintain complete editorial control .
My friends at Thought Equity , a stock footage company , loaned Lerone a great HDV camera .
Dan Bricklin , the co-creator of VisiCalc , the first electronic spreadsheet , agreed to appear , as did Lisp - luminary and e-commerce pioneer Paul Graham , currently a partner in Y Combinator , which provides seed funding for startups .
The movie is called Aardvark ’d : 12 Weeks With Geeks and it ’s in the final phases of editing now .
So far , I ’ve only seen an early cut of the movie , but it looks great , if I say so myself .
The only other recent documentaries I ’ve seen about software development , Code Rush and Startup.com , totally pale in comparison .
Of course , we ’ll try to get this movie into multiplexes worldwide , but you probably should n’t hold your breath .
In the meantime we ’ve negotiated with Lerone to make DVDs available to Joel on Software readers as cheaply as we can make them : $ 19.95 ( free shipping in the US , cheap shipping elsewhere ) .
The DVDs are not quite ready yet but they will be shipping by December 1st .
Given the holidays coming up , it ’s very hard to find DVD manufacturing capacity this time of year , so we ’re not sure how many we ’re going to be able to produce in time for the holidays .
We ’re now taking pre-orders on our website for guaranteed shipment on December 1st , but once the initial manufacturing run has been sold out we can’t guarantee delivery before the holidays , so order early if you plan on giving this as a gift .
There ’s a trailer online in Windows Media and Quicktime formats if you want to preview it , and the order form is here .
Update — June , 2011 — The entire film is now available on YouTube for free .
Watch Aardvark ’d Online Free .
The Almost Complete Lack of the Element of " Futureness " Achmed A. W. Khammas
Science Fiction in Arabic Literature
While European literary scholars and critics have been studying contemporary Utopian literature for several decades now , the first symposium on " Arabic Literature and Science Fiction " did not take place until April 2006 .
The faculty of literature and humanistics in the Moroccan city of Casablanca hosted a discussion about whether there is even an awareness of SF in the Arab world , why Arabic - language writers do n't seem to enjoy SF at all and what was behind the lack of popularity of this genre of literature , even among academics .
A book is like a garden you carry in your pocket .
Arabic proverb
At a meeting chaired by the professor for Arabic literature , Dr. Idriss Qassouri , delegates discussed the few novels by Arabic - language writers which address issues of the future .
Participants analysed the current state of affairs and then criticised the fact that literature critics were also guilty of not paying enough attention to this genre .
However , it proved difficult to produce a well - founded analysis , because there is " much too much Western theory for much too little Arabic material . "
In terms of how this genre of literature is treated , the typical viewpoint until now has been as follows : in 1987 , at a big symposium on children 's books in the Gulf states , SF literature was still described as " stimulating in principle " but it was also noted that it would be better to set stories and TV series in surroundings already familiar to Arab children , to derive them from Arab culture and to adapt them to the religious principles of Islam .
The motto was : " A child 's imagination should be liberated - but within recognised limits . "
It was n't until mid-2005 that Sifat Salameh , an Egyptian SF expert living in the US , was able to criticise Arab education systems , which she accuses of failing to give enough encouragement to children 's imagination and creativity .
She called for the integration of SF in normal classes at schools and universities in the Arab world :
The importance of the SF genre of literature lies in its ability to stimulate the reader 's creative phantasy and strengthen his / her ability to envisage imagined scenarios .
It is indeed necessary to develop the ability to invent and to discover creative and exceptional children at an early stage , so that our Arab world can receive a generation of inquisitive scientists and academics .
In an essay published in the London - based daily newspaper al - Sharq al - Awsat , the also quoted the Nobel laureate Ahmed Zewail , who is of Egyptian descent :
The true scientist who loves his work , must dream , for if he does not dream up the world himself , he will for ever do the same thing as his predecessors and add nothing new .
At the 1st International Conference on Cyber - Law , held by the Arab League in Cairo in August 2005 , the League 's information technology advisor Zayn Abdelhadi spoke of the influence of SF on modern - day legislation .
He thus proved that , in a roundabout manner and via new technologies , SF is gradually gaining in acceptance in the Arab world - even if he cites William Gibson 's famous novel with an Arab - romantic - style misinterpretation , calling it " New Romancer " .
The Arab world 's current difficulties with imagination and vision are actually surprising , since , just as in Europe , we have known early visions of " perfect societies " for centuries - take for example those of the philosopher Abu Nasr Muhammad al - Farabi in his work " Opinions of the residents of a splendid city " .
500 years before the " Utopia " of Thomas Morus , al - Farabi described a life of happiness and prosperity in a perfect state that had done away with humanity 's evil tendencies .
Or take al - Qazwini 's futuristic tale , written around 1,250 a.d. about " Awaj bin Anfaq " , a man who came to earth from a distant planet .
But in contrast to Europe , these texts remained rare exceptions in the Arab world .
They were written far too early and for that reason were unable to exercise any influence .
Today , however , there is criticism of the poor scientific education of the masses ( and of writers ) , although not without a certain level of self - criticism .
But the Arab world still does not have any academics like Hoyle , Asimov or Sagan , who think , write and thrill beyond the limits of what is known .
Utopian Novels in a State of Emergency ?
Dreams can be more subversive than political ideologies , which is why they are so threatening to self - declared realists .
Arno Gruen
There have already been numerous observations as to why - after the devastating Mongol storms , five hundred years of Ottoman occupation , after the struggles against attacking crusaders and later against European colonial powers - today hardly any Arab harbours any illusions : because neither the national liberation movements , nor any pan -Arab vision , nor religiously - motivated movements , nor state socialism ( with their often truly Utopian five - year - plans ) have managed to keep their promises of universal prosperity .
A step forward is often followed by two or even three steps back .
Furthermore , of the 28 efforts to unite two or more of the arbitrarily created " Arab states " , not one has been a success .
All of these visions paled all too quickly in the light of power politics and economic interests .
In addition , traditional clan and clientele - based structures are not exactly the most fertile ground for the development of Utopias because they derive their sustainability from the preservation of the status quo .
Only those who exist in constant redundancy with the total tradition is respected - new ideas , on the other hand , seldom fall on open ears .
This basically sounds illogical , since neither Arabic writers nor their readers have any fundamental problems with phantasy per se .
Even the early arabesque work " Arabian Nights " includes numerous examples which , from an academic point of view , could easily be categorised as SF literature ( Example : Flying Carpet ) .
But this perception is a " western " one and not that of the Arab reader , to whom modern technology is something strange and foreign , technological containers which can be imported and used without any analysis of their actual content ( Example : Digital Koran ) .
Put in general terms , the Arab views the concept of a mobile telephone as entirely foreign until he actually uses one himself , after which it becomes something he takes entirely for granted .
Is this not Allah 's will ?!
The Future in God's Hands
A scientific novel which is connected with phantasy cannot fall on fertile ground in an environment of preprepared answers and rejection of a culture of knowledge .
Dr. Omar Abdelaziz
The almost complete lack of the element of " Futureness " is characteristic of Arabic literature in its entirety - as it is of broad aspects of life .
For the future is in the hand of God only and it is almost sacriligious to want to phantasise about his plans .
If the people of Europe went on the offensive to escape the dark ages , most Arab countries have yet to take this step .
Until then , they prefer to hark back to a glorious past , which , in hindsight , appears brighter and shinier than any imaginable future in these desolate economies , under these rigid regimes and under the increasing pressure of globalisation .
This behaviour is understandable , since these things are constantly present in everyday life for most Arab people .
And for many , the daily reality proves that the war is a long way from being over .
The only surviving promise of healing is that of the religions .
But their protagonists , too , are a long way from showing people credible alternatives and models of a desirable future .
Furthermore , phantasy in the strict Islamic sense means creative power - and creation is the domain of God alone .
Tough times ahead , therefore , for Arabic - language SF writers .
No Interest in SF ?
I personally have been reading Utopian novels , as they were then known , since I was thirteen .
Thanks to the Goethe Institute in Damascus , I already had access to the Goldmann publishing house 's first translations in the 1960s .
Since I was completing my Arab school education at the same time , I was able to captivate my friends time and again with summaries of these SF stories .
Young people 's willingness to embrace visions and Utopias appears to be a universal phenomenon that crosses cultural borders .
In the 1980s , I wrote some stories myself , which I had published by the Heyne house under the pseudonym Ghassan Homsi .
But in my Arab surroundings , interest in possible models for the future appeared to shrink drastically with adulthood - there was hardly anyone left whom I could please with my reports of orbital elevators , nanotechnologies and Dyson Spheres .
The social machine had struck and time stood still .
Even today , the only names mentioned in Arabic articles or interviews are Verne and Wells , perhaps also Orwell , Asimov or Sturgeon .
On the other hand , younger people are just as familiar with SF films and TV series as their contemporaries anywhere else in the world .
The forums show us that , in addition to Terminator , Star Wars , Alien and Matrix , the films 2001 , Blade Runner and The Guardian have left a huge impression .
Why , then , should these young people have no interest in Arabic - language SF ?
Egypt at the Vanguard
The first Arabic SF in modern times was written over fifty years ago in Egypt , other Arab countries followed about 25 years later .
But the response to these works was modest .
Literature experts count 35 SF novels which have been written in the Arab world up to now .
This figure cannot be entirely correct , since in Egypt alone there were more than twenty novels published by the turn of the millennium with titles such as " Inhabitants of the Other World " or " Flight into Space " as well as at least 15 collections of short stories ( e.g . " Save this Planet " or " Five Minutes to Live " ) .
For many Arabic writers have flirted with SF - but only a handful of them have written any more than a single novel or short story .
Furthermore , their novels are usually on a modest scale , somewhere between 100 and 150 pages long .
Youssef Izzedeen Issa wrote several SF radio plays , which were broadcast from 1957 onwards by Egyptian radio .
The novel " The Spider " ( 1964 ) by Mustafa Mahmud is often cited as the first real SF , the author subsequently published " A Man Under Zero " ( 1967 ) .
Ahmad Suwailem wrote two books of poetry full of SF motifs , " Travels and Medals " ( 1983 ) and " Splinters " ( 1994 ) and the first SF novel by a woman was " The Crime of a World " ( 1992 ) by Omayma Khafaji .
The writers Nihad Sharif and Muhammad el - Ashry are even more active .
Nihad Sharif , who was born in 1932 , is considered a representative of a disciplined Arabic SF , which does not want to get out of hand altogether .
Sharif , who studied the science of history , began writing in 1949 and his texts were published in most Arabic newspapers and magazines .
Muhammad el - Ashry has published four novels so far .
The 38 - year - old geologist from Cairo , who also has a degree in translation , has already been honoured with a number of awards .
As a child , he read about the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and immediately wanted to build a " negative bomb " , which would soak up and compress all the radioactivity .
Healing and damage limitation are also the subjects of his subsequent books , which are often inspired by life in desert camps .
And the solution always lies in love - true to oriental romanticism .
This conclusion can also be drawn from his Arabic language blog , in which he also comments on the general condition of Arabic SF :
The failure of SF to take hold in Arabic literature lies in the scientific backwardness of our life . (...)
Most new technological terms appear are strange and difficult to us , so that we hardly use them .
Muhammad el - Ashry
It is in Egypt that we encounter the shadow of the 1950s , when even in the western world cheap novels and trivial literature were largely ignored and their authors written off as lacking literary qualifications .
For hardly anyone dares to mention Nabil Farouq , born in 1956 , who has written and published numerous Crime and SF series , which are read mainly by children and teenagers and remind us of " The Three Investigators " transplanted into space .
Farouq , a doctor from Egypt , who has not practised medicine for years now , was awarded the Tanta Cultural Palace Prize in 1979 for his short story " The Prophesy " - with which he began the series " Cocktail 2000 " - and in 1984 he won the competition initiated by the Kuwaiti magazine " Book Worlds " for his short story " Deadly Rays " - with which he then launched the series " Future File " .
In this series , a fearless group of young Egyptians of both genders fight against the whole gamut of crime , from illegal arms deals through invaders from outer space , who have been hiding in the innards of our earth for millions of years .
Farouq makes use of all the tricks of the trade , from parallel worlds to travels through time and space .
He weaves in plenty of " life belts " in the form of philosophical observations , so that the stories do not descend into a flood of mere action .
These series have made Nabil Farouq the most well - known SF writer in the Arab world .
The Other Arab Countries
Elsewhere in the Arab world , the novel " The Elixir " ( 1974 ) by the Moroccan Mohammed Aziz al - Habbabi is viewed as the first SF book , but it was to remain this author 's only effort too .
Another novel from Morocco is " The Blue Flood " ( 1979 ) by Mohammed Abdelsalam al - Baqqali .
In Iraq , the first SF books to be published were in the mid-1980s , with the novel " The Green Stain " ( 1984 ) by Kassem al - Khattat and the collections of short stories " She Pulsates with Life " by Muwaffaq Uays Mahmud and " The Green Planet " by Ali Karim Kathem ( both 1987 ) .
The novel " The Multiple Man " ( 1992 ) by the Kuwaiti writer Tiba Ahmad al - Ibrahim , who went on to write two more books - was the first work of SF by a female Arabic writer , alongside Omayma Khafaji in Egypt .
In the 1990s , the number of writers taking an interest in the genre grew , with the likes of Kassem Kassem in Lebanon , Mustafa al - Kailani in Tunisia , Abdallah Khalifa in Bahrain and Mussa Oald Ibno in Mauretania .
The female Syrian writer Lina Kailani wrote forty texts , the Jordanian Sulaiman Mohammed al - Khalil dealt with cloning with a black humour all too seldom seen in Arabic literature and in Saudi Arabia , the short story collections " Ghosthunters " ( 1997 ) and " Yearning for the Stars " ( 2000 ) by Ashraf Faqih found their way into the book stores .
Worthy of special mention is Taleb Omaran from Syria , who was born in 1948 and is also regarded as a pioneer of Arabic SF .
By August 2005 , his bibliography included 45 novels and short story collections .
Omran has a doctorate in Astronomy and presented a science programme on Syrian television for more than 14 years .
He is currently head of the department of Mathematics and Computer Science at the education faculty of al - Rastan .
After his debut " Planet of Dreams " ( 1978 ) , novels like " In Transit Behind the Sun " ( 1979 ) , " There are no Poor People on the Moon " ( already in its third edition 1983 , 1997 , 1999 ) or " Fountain of Darkness " ( 1995 ) followed .
The novel " Secrets from the City of Wisdom " ( 1985 ) was translated into English in 1992 and published in India .
After that , his novels and short story anthologies were published in three main batches by the Islam - oriented Dar al - Fikr publisher in Damascus .
They are usually between 100 and 150 pages long and cost US $ 2 to $ 4 .
Perhaps the statistics do reflect a genuine trend of growing interest , for only four books were published in 1997 , while the number rose to eight in 1999 and twelve in 2004 .
Omran himself , however , grumbles about the fellow travellers who destroy the genre with illogical or unscientific phantasies .
He gets particularly annoyed when , for example , an " Arab spaceship " " lands " on Jupiter ( a planet made of gas ! ) or even on the rings of Saturn , when an elevator breaking through the roof of a house flies on to the moon or when a child in an air bubble is blown far away in the sky .
In his view , things like that belong to the style of " Arabian Nights " .
For in " Arabian Nights " , anything is possible , there are no limits to the imagination and no end to the stories ...
Until now , there have been just a few serious and " proper " Arabic SF writers .
And there is still no Arabic - language Perry Rhodan , - the hero of the oldest German Pulp SF - to find a solution for how to locate the right direction to face Mecca for prayer from Hyperspace .
So far , the writers are always measured by the high standard of traditional literature - and come in for harsh criticism if they address taboos .
Sales and marketing are generally inadequate - even within the individual Arab states - and awareness of what neighbouring countries are producing is generally modest , despite numerous book fairs .
It is only since the advent of the Internet that an exchange between young writers has been taking place .
The net could prove to be the saviour from the great disaster .
But gradually , other people are also taking notice :
In February 2006 the Lebanese daily newspaper al - Nahar announced that it would in future also be dealing with SF in its literature section .
The journalists Jumana Haddad and Zaynab Assaf called on writers to submit texts .
However , to their frustration , they found that even the young writers to whom they had written directly failed even to respond .
In their analysis , the two journalists are not sparing with criticism but they also challenge received wisdom .
No scientific milieu ?
Cyrano du Bergerac did not have one either , 300 years before Apollo , they argue .
Not enough imagination ?
That can not be right , they say , although Arab phantasy does tend to exaggerate and its verbal art forms are generally to be found in poetry rather than prose .
Obsession with bread , sex and survival ?
Is it not the case that some of the best SF books were written in the light of personal , national or even global disasters ?
Thus , the two al - Nahar journalists come to the conclusion that the language is the main culprit :
The Arabic - language is downright " unfriendly " towards the terminology of science .
This nomenclature is neither harmonious nor reconciliatory with the language .
Because of the fact that , in many schools , science subjects are taught in French or English , scientific thought is disconnected from our Arabic language .
Translations are difficult if not impossible .
Publishers ' reluctance to issue translations is quite understandable when we see , for example , that " Hard SF " is literally translated as " difficult SF " !
Along with the following explanation : that this SF is so " difficult " because it deals with scientific laws and theories of the greatest precision - and therefore requires a high degree of specialisation by the author !
Given such circumstances , what publishing house would wish to tackle Banks , Brin or Vinge ?!
At the Symposium mentioned at the start of this essay , on " Arabic Literature and Science Fiction " , delegates agreed that further research of SF within Arabic - language literature was urgently needed .
Perhaps a few new SF novels can be presented at the International Symposium planned for April 2008 in Casablanca - a few new pocket - sized gardens of imagination .
The youth of the Arab world would be grateful !
Last but not least , one small pearl : on 24 December 2005 the Lybian Baqer Jassem Mohammad published a SF short story entitled " World Without Colour " on an independent leftist Web Site " Civilised Dialogue " : in it , scientists try to find out which colour environment is most advantageous for humans .
Five cities are painted entirely in a single colour , all buildings and vehicles , clothes , simply everything is the same colour .
The statistical analyses of this ultimately catastrophic experiment reveal that the damage was exactly the same in all five cities - for a world with just one colour is a world without colour .
In the Arab world , there are many reasons for wanting to call out these words .
Translation from German : Don Mac Coitir
9 ( Achmed A. W. Khammas )
www.ExactingEditor.com/BigBizBombs.html
INTROVERTS and BIG BUSINESS
by Frank Gregorsky ( INTJ )
Whatever you ’ve been told introvert means is probably in error .
Introversion has little to do with " shyness , " and even less to do with mental illness or accumulated rage .
We introverts prefer to work alone , or with trustworthy individuals , or in small groups where the purpose is plain .
This essay contends that big companies are the worst place to look for those factors .
It begins a series -- part caustic commentary , part productive coaching -- aimed at introverts who are 45 or younger .
For expert testimony on large organizations , I will call on Jack Welch , Carl Jung and Edward T. Hall .
This essay also puts the U.S. housing bubble , during this summer of 2005 , in a radical new light .
The ongoing alarmism conceals a noble purpose : Saving fellow introverts from years of agony , waste and oblivion ...
The world of big business favors extroverted sensors .
They fit the mainstream model of " natural leader . "
They think well of Donald Trump , never mind the two bankruptcy filings .
They show up on CNBC as younger and often shameless pitchmen .
Able to process group dynamics instantly , they thrive at corporate retreats .
Back at the main office , they drag visiting delegations to TGIF for " happy hour . "
They derive energy from the wheel and deal .
They swap business stories on planes .
They connect with them .
This is the arena where promotions are won , and souls are lost .
The more competitive the industry , the more shark - like the work culture .
Extroverted sensors own this territory , and the territory comes to own them .
Never forget how sprawling that territory is , despite 15 years of corporate downsizing .
The terrain dictates what grows and what withers .
Departments and Divisions , Not Clients or Collaborators
What do I mean by " big business " ?
What you assume the term means , and then some .
Not just IBM , Boeing and Cisco Systems , but also the consumer - products giants , companies exporting durable goods , Target and Wal - Mart , most supermarket chains , the defense contractors mega and micro , and much of the national government ( outside of the field offices , where the situation can become hospitable , or at least navigable ) .
In these workplaces , people take their daily cues more from each other , and especially their immediate superior , than from either the customers or an individual code of ethics .
A manual tells them what to do in most situations , with every questionable policy being the result of a past mess .
In a good - sized building with various departments , the interactions proliferate , while the sincerity and reliability of those interactions decline .
Only a few relationships count -- and the large - company sensor is constantly trying to guess which ones .
No problem , they have plenty of energy for this game ( unlike the typical introvert , who seeks to burrow into the work as opposed to juggling the human links ) .
" Big business " also includes work arenas you had not thought of .
Is n’t a large real - estate firm , with 250 agents scattered over several buildings in a single state , a big business ?
Though people are driving to and fro , and the main building is just two stories tall , its culture will be top - down and uniform .
Same for a school district like Los Angeles or Detroit .
You wonder where half your tax dollars go from those EDU bond referenda ?
Not to teachers or classrooms or textbooks .
UCLA professor William Ouchi ’s remarkable 2003 book Making Schools Work concludes that schools thrive when they function like independent businesses -- and the reason they ca n’t is because of the " central office bureaucracy , " or what the local media call " the district . "
Earlier this year , I reviewed Ouchi ’s book for the Congressional Institute -- see www.CongInst.org/reviews/SchoolsWork.html .
Here ’s a quote -- not from the review , but from the book .
The author is coaching parents on how to become effective local reform activists :
" Ask your principal how much money he has in his budget this year .
We did this at every school we visited .
In the top - down , old - fashioned districts , more than 90 % of the principals gave us a puzzled look in response ...
Most principals around the nation do n’t care what their budget is because they are n’t allowed to decide how to spend it .
Most of the control lies in the central office , which [ wields that control by sending ] the schools teachers , aides , paraprofessionals , nurses , custodians , guards , and so on .
The central office [ does ] the thinking for the principal ... "
In the sense that 90 % of the K - 12 dollars spent in each state do not come from the federal government , your public school system is regional or local .
Yet the " system " still chokes the individual schools -- and thereby becomes a caricature of big business .
( Or perhaps worse , in that many states lack the alternative K - 12 systems that offer choices to parents .
At least Coke drinkers can switch to Pepsi , or Red Bull , or Gatorade ... )
In contrast to what Ouchi describes , a tightly knit staff at a Bank of America branch might end up functioning like a small enterprise ; it depends on the branch manager , and how much autonomy she gets from headquarters .
When the business is even more physically spread out -- a great example is package - delivery -- top management quickly sees that " command and control " is inferior to staff autonomy within broad parameters .
Places like the above , despite their centralized systems and national presence , are places where introverts have a reasonable shot .
Decent relationships thrive with fewer of the games necessitated by having to " look back at , or look up to " company headquarters .
Customers are walking into and out of the store ; they matter more than whoever 's vice - president .
Generally , though , professional security and workplace autonomy are opposites .
The nature of the tension is even more specific for introverts .
How so ?
Because ( 1 ) the introvert requires a few reliable relationships , while ( 2 ) the larger the work arena , the more chaotic all relationships tend to be .
The Rule of Twelve
Carrying out a commitment to a large company is risky for most introverts .
The risk is that you will get stuck , ignored , run over .
If you need an established entity ’s security and stability , seek out areas where even the extroverted sensors -- as opposed to taking cues from each other -- are hip - deep in satisfying customers .
Pick a storefront , or field office , where the autonomy is palpable and the numbers are contained .
Thirty years ago , in Beyond Culture , Edward T .
Hall gave voice to something I ’ve seen play out over and over again : " Research with business groups , athletic teams , and even armies around the world has revealed there is an ideal size for a working group .
The ideal size is between eight and 12 individuals .
This is natural , because man evolved as a primate while living in small groups ... "
With that size work group , it ’s not easy to let schisms fester :
Jane might be difficult , but you will need something from her next week .
And , if one person lacks integrity or is incompetent , the group is large enough to remove the offender , but not so large that that he or she can get securely lost and draw income for years on end .
Hall continues : " Eight to 12 persons can know each other well enough to maximize their talents .
In groups beyond this size , the possible combinations of communication between individuals get too complex to handle ; people are lumped into categories and begin the process of ceasing to exist as individuals .
Tasks than ca n’t be handled by a group of eight to 12 are probably too complex and should be broken down further .
Participation and commitment fall off in larger groups -- mobility suffers ; leadership does n’t develop naturally but is manipulative and political . "
Hall has made a mildly caustic generalization .
I ’d like to take his point further -- all the way to caricature and distortion .
We need shorthand for the type of large - company operative who is most likely to take advantage of the task - minded introvert -- how about " BBV , " for Big-Business Veteran ?
How does the BBV get through a staff meeting ?
By avoiding all responsibility for what ’s going wrong and dropping a single new strategy or angle that delights the presiding officer .
Does the BBV really like working with all those people ?
He ’s acclimated to crowds and especially groups .
To the extent the people in those groups become individualized , it mostly confuses him .
Who does the BBV look up to ?
Whoever ’s at the next level on the " org chart . "
Who is the BBV loyal to ?
That depends on your definition of " loyalty . "
Does he own a dog ?
You are mostly saying " he " ?
What about female extroverts ?
The hard - core are just as bad , just as shallow .
Then again , millions of women have given up on the Fortune 500 and launched their own companies , a trend on which your commentator did some 1990s research that further soured him on the corporate suite ...
What happens to extroverted sensors when they devote more than 20 years to large enterprises ?
They can end up making the place -- and " place " means the whole operation --- hell for task - oriented introverts .
Not even because our extroverted BBV is a bad guy ( or gal ) , but because introverts can't process signals , groups and openings anywhere near as fast .
One Belated Escape , One Polluted Bubble
In a midwestern state , I was ushered inside the headquarters of a large corporation to make a presentation about " generations . "
This was mid-’98 , when that topic was tolerated , even encouraged .
The company was a donor to my then - employer , a west - coast think tank , and the presentation went okay .
Later in the week I arranged to have coffee with our key contact inside that firm .
To my surprise , he wanted to meet off the premises ; in fact , he wanted to come to my hotel .
My plan was to pitch him to begin supporting a new line of generational research .
His counter - plan was to convey why life in big business was absolute hell .
Another reorganization was coming .
Only one person in his department was trustworthy .
The new house he had just purchased had been struck by lightning the night before my presentation , which he apologized for missing .
And the line of research I had just floated was not something any of his colleagues would grasp -- heck , he could n’t even get them to pay attention to long - range market patterns in their own explicit field !
Our chat lasted 45 minutes .
I thanked him for his bluntness .
Perhaps it was a ruse ?
Was he trying to throw off my pitch by a preemptive sob story ?
Doubtful .
As we sat on that bench , I felt the man ’s angst .
On those rare times you see honest intensity inside a large enterprise , something is either breaking out , or breaking down .
In this case , both : Less than a year later , my corporate contact soon quit that bluest of blue chips -- to join a smallish think tank in his home city .
I ’m pretty sure he was an introvert , and he was never meant to be a big - company operative .
It took him 20 years to discover the latter .
A long trial , to wrap up a big error .
You can always trade down to a smaller house .
Move to a smaller house , as part of exiting the corporate rat race ?
Seems heretical , with America in the throes of a housing boom .
Actually , the boom left its healthy phase sometime during ’ 03 , and moved to the nuthouse : Price - escalation now requires blue smoke , mirrors and trap doors .
As Michael Powell put in it a Washington Post article 7/29/2005 , " For mortgage scammers , deed thieves and property flippers , this is the Golden Age . "
This URL can take you to the whole piece ( although you might have to register ) :
www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/07/28/AR2005072801729.html
But our interest here is what the real - estate bubble says about extrovert versus introvert .
First we ’d ask :
What kind of industry is " real estate " ?
Apart from surveyors , bricklayers and electricians , it strikes me as Extrovert Heaven .
In normal times , it thrives on millions of superficial relationships .
And these days ?
Everyone is making money except ( a ) the poor saps who think they ’re getting a bargain ; and ( b ) homeowners in inflated areas who do n’t want to sell yet face exorbitant taxes thanks to the pricing bubble .
" We 've never seen so many schemes and such complexity to the fraud , " says New York - based Sarah Ludwig .
" Everyone works to defraud -- the broker , the appraiser , the attorney and the inspector .
Before a homeowner knows it , they are in way over their heads . "
According to the Post , Ludwig ’s " Neighborhood Economic Development Advocacy Project " goes after predatory lending .
Adds reporter Powell : " Suspected major mortgage - finance violations reported by financial institutions increased from 4,225 in 2001 to 17,127 [ in 2004 ] , and the money lost in such fraud has doubled in the past year ...
Often the fraud goes lightly punished and scam artists operate in plain sight , government investigators acknowledge .
Prosecutors mount few investigations into the mortgage industry , preferring to leave that task to state regulatory agencies .
And the firms that engage in questionable practices are expert at avoiding regulation .
For instance , these companies often buy homes and resell them themselves -- avoiding the need for a real - estate license and state regulation . "
You might chalk all this up to greed .
But are n’t bubbles -- which require self - delusion ( seers and suckers ) interacting with flim - flam ( smooth operators ) -- far more likely when an economic sector is dominated by extroverts ?
They monitor each other eagerly , reciprocate the opportunism , enjoy confirmation by the crowd , collaborate on fraud - friendly tools like " interest - only mortgages " and -- as if by magic -- they all make out on the way up .
Prediction :
By 2007 , only a few coastal towns will still be seller ’s markets , and Congress will be holding the investigations they should be doing right now .
Right now ?
An enterprising Congressman could demand that those interest - only mortgages -- the 2005 equivalent of a ’ 98 - model dot - com IPO -- be banned by federal law .
Meanwhile , if you ’re an introvert stuck in an apartment , relax .
Your rent probably has n’t gone up much since 2000 .
And you ’ll get much better deals on a home in another few years .
Jack Welch Delivers the Best Counterpoint
We now leave the housing bubble and return to the corporate labyrinth -- for a surprise .
Despite my cynicism , and all those Dilbert cartoons , and Lucy Kellaway ’s droll columns in the Financial Times , great companies do exist .
And they could not be that way without several layers of extroverted leaders and managers .
None other than Jack Welch , CEO of GE for 20 years , rules out introverts as corporate leaders in his 2005 book Winning .
The book sets forth a " Four Es plus One P " framework ( pages 84 - 85 ) , and applies it not just to whole divisions but the smallest team .
The lone P is for passion , one E is for edge , and another is for execute ( which is not a reference to capital punishment ) .
But it ’s his top two Es that will cause introverts laboring inside the big company to gaze longingly at the fire exit .
According to Jack , if it 's leadership you are trying to get :
" The first E is positive energy [ and ] it means the ability to go go go -- to thrive on action and relish change .
People with positive energy are generally extroverted and optimistic .
They make conversations and friends easily . "
( Wait , it gets worse . )
" The second E is the ability to energize others .
Positive energy is the ability to get other people revved up .
People who energize can inspire their team to take on the impossible -- and enjoy the hell out of doing it . "
Reading Welch , I felt my stance on big business being vindicated and assaulted at the same time .
" Assaulted " because the man 's life and works " prove " that certain large companies are much greater than the sum of their parts .
" Vindicated " because he figured out that no introvert can be a great manager .
A good scientist or engineer or accountant , sure , and perhaps a reliable manager in the bank branch office or Social Security field office .
But not a top - flight manager whose " stock is rising " back there at HQ .
Radiating positive energy , pulling it out of your people -- give me a break .
Welch , on page 92 of Winning : " Any candidate you hire in a managerial role must have the first two Es , positive energy and the ability to energize .
These are personality traits , and I do n’t think they can be trained into someone ... "
Sometimes I make the case that self - employment is best for introverts .
Sounds crazy , but consider this :
Self - employment produces no income without a small and resilient set of professional alliances and collaborations -- and is n’t that the introvert ’s preferred way of work ?
To get there , we have to market .
And " market " means go out , identify buyers , and close the sale .
So , self - employment is ideal for introverts -- except for the marketing .
Hmmm , that ’s about like declaring : Except for the fire , the building in question is structurally sound .
Okay , too big a debate to handle here .
And the introvert who rejects the instability and " out there " aspects of self - employment is left with two options : ( 1 ) Take whatever you can find in a big and semi- bureaucratic work setting , and hope for the best , perhaps by acquiring an extroverted " protector . "
Or ( 2 ) subordinate all personalities -- including your own -- and get smart about probabilities and strategies .
The remainder of this essay builds on that second option .
From Jung ’s Diagnosis to Jensen ’s Toolkit
I have saved the best quote for last :
" Any large company composed of wholly admirable persons has the morality and intelligence of an unwieldy , stupid , and violent animal .
The bigger the organization , the more unavoidable is its immorality and blind stupidity ...
Society , by automatically stressing all the collective qualities in its individual representatives , puts a premium on mediocrity , on everything that settles down to vegetate in an easy , irresponsible way .
Individuality will inevitably be driven to the wall .
This process begins in school , continues at the university , and rules all departments in which the State has a hand . "
Has he gotten your attention ?
That ’s not Jack Welch , it ’s Carl Jung .
Does he know some of your colleagues ?
" In a small social body , the individuality of its members is better safeguarded , and the greater is their relative freedom and the possibility of conscious responsibility .
Without freedom there can be no morality .
Our admiration for great organizations dwindles when once we become aware of the other side of the wonder -- the tremendous piling up and accentuation of all that is primitive in man , and the unavoidable destruction of his individuality in the interests of the monstrosity that every great organization in fact is ... "
SOURCE : The Relations Between the Ego and the Unconscious .
( The actual passage is on pages 100 - 101 of The Portable Jung , Penguin paperback edition 1976 . )
Yep , I found someone with credibility who makes the rest of this document sound moderate .
Carl Jung also published Psychological Types ( 1921 ) .
That book did more to place " introversion " into its proper context than anything before or since .
When it came to human relationships and psychic health , Jung was and is the master .
And by age 40 he knew to get out of large organizations , including his university teaching set - up .
Then again , Messrs .
Welch and Jung could both be right .
Welch would contend that the country ’s R&D and trade horizons would turn dark without America ’s high - exporting large enterprises .
He ’ll get no argument from me there .
And a few sprawling companies -- Microsoft is the one I saw from the inside -- manage to be havens for introverts by following Edward T. Hall ’s Rule of Twelve .
( With a bonus :
They break up each software - development team after several months .
Each group is therefore goal - focused and time - sensitive , rather than a clique in becoming . )
But what does all of that mean for the introvert seeking professional satisfaction ?
It means I had to look bloody hard to figure out how to wrap up on a pro-active note .
Can anyone make sense of Hall , Welch and Jung in a single manual or guidebook ?
Well , yes .
Corporate communications expert Bill Jensen has written four books on individual effectiveness within and around large enterprises .
His 2004 offering was The Simplicity Survival Handbook .
For 12 years , Jensen has done real research , rather than dream up things for you to make bets on .
Unlike Tom Peters , he is no gasbag ; unlike Peter Senge , he is n’t on Cloud Nine .
Jensen 's average sentence length is shorter than any consultant who publishes .
And many of his recommendations transcend the natural gap between extroverts and introverts .
Most importantly , he shows you how -- without messing up your career -- to escape clutter , time traps , pointless debates , and delegated dumps .
If you have to be inside that big company , and are too introverted to maneuver in the Fortune 500 power - seeker mode , you can still think your way around a hundred traps .
Because he focuses on managing information and peers ( as opposed to projects and subordinates ) , most of what Jensen says can be done by you , the individual .
Call no meetings , seek no permission .
Talk about pro-active :
The most striking part of Jensen ’s Handbook deals with how you can read a company ’s culture before taking the job !
I ca n’t say enough good about this product .
Between The Effective Executive by Peter Drucker ( 1966 ) and this hyper - modern version by Jensen , you wo n’t need much else .
His website lets you download three of its chapters without charge :
http://www.simplerwork.com/handbook.htm
No , I have never met the man .
Would love to attend one of his workshops -- except to do so would mean being hired by one of the big companies that pay him .
Too risky .
Meanwhile , as indicated in the introductory box , this essay has quietly begun a series on work , introversion , and MBTI .
For more information , or to append a dissent or affirmation to this essay , please write FrankGregorsky@aol.com .
And remember that the Introvert ’s best protection -- whether the work setting is large or small , tall or flat -- remains a well - crafted Direct Question .
© 2005 , Gregorsky Editorial Services
by Luke Wroblewski May 14 , 2005
When any new technology undergoes fast and widespread adoption , there ’s always an opportunity for unintended misuse .
So it ’s no surprise that the World Wide Web has seen its fair share of mishandled technologies :
Download - heavy Java applets for simple page navigation
Flash movies for superfluous intro animations
Frames that disable simple book - marking and URL - sharing
The overuse of images when simple HTML text would do
Some of these technologies have been permanently scarred by excessive misuse .
Flash is synonymous with Skip Intro and Java applets within Web applications are often shunned .
“ Many of us have been so bombarded with bad press on client - side Java that advising anything other than an HTML - based front end would be like digging your own grave . ” - Alex Kalinovsky
Now as a flurry of interest in AJAX sweeps the Web , it ’s worthwhile to consider the design implications of this technology lest we end up with “ Skip AJAX ” in the future .
Fast & Incremental
AJAX enables faster , more responsive Web applications through a combination of asynchronous Javascript , the Document Object Model ( DOM ) , and XMLhttpRequest .
What this means for Web interface designers is that a DHTML - based Web application can make quick , incremental updates to a user interface without reloading the entire screen .
In the AJAX model JavaScript calls to the server can update a single element in the UI with data retrieved from a server .
Because the full screen does not need to be reloaded , the application is much more responsive to user actions .
Of course updating only certain elements of a Web application interface is possible without AJAX .
If an application is designed using frames or iframes , specific content within a frame can be refreshed with server - side data without affecting the rest of the interface .
But with AJAX , just about any element defined with the DOM can be dynamic and data can be loaded in the background without user action –making it readily available if needed .
( The poster - child of this process is Google Maps , which loads potentially useful map images behind the scenes . )
AJAX allows every element within a Web interface to be individually and quickly updated without affecting the rest of the interface .
This , of course , is not what most Web users are accustomed to .
Initiating an action within most Web sites triggers the inevitable blank screen and page loading process .
Though not very responsive , the full - page update makes it very clear to users that their action has resulted in a reaction and that a response will be available as soon as the page is refreshed .
Because AJAX - based updates are very fast and incremental ( often affecting only a small portion of the UI ) , users may not notice them - especially when they are used to seeing full - page rewrites .
Communicating Change
In order to communicate content updates to users , many AJAX applications have adopted attention - getting techniques to highlight interface changes .
Color change and animation are two of the most common approaches .
Using color alone to indicate change requires establishing significant contrast between the updated element and the rest of the interface .
Colors that sit opposite each other on the color wheel ( referred to as contrasting colors ) are good candidates for creating contrast .
When used with equal brightness , these colors have a tendency to compete with each other for attention ( a phenomenon referred to as simultaneous contrast ) .
As a result , they can be used effectively to bring attention to areas of change .
Animation is also effective because of our instinctual attraction to motion .
Incorporating a simple animation in an interface lets users know something is happening in response to their action .
37signals ’ yellow fade technique ( below ) uses a combination of both color change and animation to highlight updated interface elements .
Animation can also be used to slow down an interface update to make sure users notice it .
Though this approach may seem to contradict the responsiveness that makes AJAX applications great , if users do n’t know their change has been made they may assume “ no responsiveness ” .
In addition to communicating to users that an update has been made after they have taken an action , it ’s also practical to communicate pro-actively and let them know what response their action will trigger .
Jamie Hoover ’s form groups ( below ) define the area where an update will occur through a single - pixel bounding box .
Change the value of the drop - down menu and the bounded area is updated .
It ’s also useful to note that quick updates within a Web application may be too pronounced .
When a large amount of content is added to a Web page , the screen may “ jump ” ( to use Eric Costello ’s term ) to make room for the new elements .
This behavior may result in a loss of context for users as they find themselves needing to scroll up and down to find their place again .
Minimizing the amount of screen “ jumps ” helps to retain valuable context .
Lessons from the Desktop
Though communicating change in the interface before and after a user action may seem a bit excessive , it is a direct result of Web applications absorbing more of the rich interactions that have been available in desktop applications for years ( drag and drop , auto completion , responsive & incremental updates , etc. ) coupled with the fact that Web users are not accustomed to such interactions online .
In 2001 , I wrote a paper titled Design Considerations for Web - based Applications that tried to bridge the gap between Web application and client application interface design guidelines .
Client application graphical user interface ( GUI ) guidelines did not cover the interaction possibilities available on the Web ( hypertext , etc. ) , nor did they take into account the conventions and behavioral patterns that emerged as the Web became widely used .
Available Web usability guidelines , on the other hand , were not flexible enough to accommodate the new levels of interaction needed within Web applications and often were not appropriate because a Web applications user 's motivation differs from a Web site users ' goals .
The inadequacies of these existing guidelines , in my mind , necessitated the development of new Web application - specific interface design principles .
Though the guidelines themselves have become a bit dated , the underlying principle is valid : a lot of the interaction problems that come up when designing AJAX and other types of Rich Internet Applications have been solved before in desktop applications .
And the right solution is often a marriage of existing client and Web interface guidelines or patterns .
Though some might argue that Web application guidelines will emerge organically online via mimicry , we run the risk of “ standardizing ” non-optimal interactions : not confirmed with user testing and not leveraging years of client application design .
For instance , Jeff Veen brought up the difference in documenting Web site designs ( as pages ) and Web application designs ( as states , sequences , etc. ) .
As Dave Heller pointed out , desktop application design documentation can be effectively leveraged to meet this need .
Keeping Conventions
While leaning on client application interface design solutions is valuable , we ca n’t lose sight of existing Web conventions when developing Web applications .
Though auto - saving form elements is possible with AJAX ( each input can be sent over to the server as a user fills it in ) , removing the Submit or Save button is likely to cause users to question whether or not their data was stored .
Likewise , because Web users have the back button available to them at any time , ensuring changes they have made to content via AJAX are visible when they navigate back is important .
As AJAX applications become more widespread and users begin to expect more of the rich interactions they enable , some of the over - communicating happening today may not be necessary .
Until then , however , it ’s necessary to consider the expectations users have and meet them accordingly .
More Information on Web Application Design :
More from other AJAX Summit attendees
( all instrumental in forming the thoughts found in this article ) :
Marc Ruef , Entwickler des Attack Tool Kit ( ATK ) , eines unter der GPL veröffentlichten Schwachstellen - Scanners für die Windows - Plattform , will juristische Schritte gegen die Firma WEKA einleiten .
Die habe in ihrem proprietären , kostenpflichtigen Security - Scanner Quellcode aus dem ATK - Projekt benutzt , ohne diesen , wie es die GPL vorschreibt , ebenso unter diese Lizenz zu stellen .
Das Program liegt nur in binärer Form vor , an keiner Stelle werde der Autor des Originalcodes erwähnt , womit WEKA gegen das Urheberrecht verstoße .
Ruef staunte nach eigenem Sagen nicht schlecht , als er beim Aufruf einer Funktion im kommerziellen Produkt eine Liste sämtlicher ATK - Plug -ins zu sehen bekam , die im Rahmen des Projekts in der von ihm speziell für diesen Zweck entwickelten Script - Sprache ASL ( attack scripting language ) geschrieben wurden .
Dabei seien sogar die Titel der Plug -ins identisch gewesen , inklusive einiger fehlerhafter englischer Übersetzungen .
WEKA , mit dem Befund konfrontiert , habe bislang jedoch jeglichen Zusammenhang der beiden Produkte geleugnet , sodass dem Entwickler nun nur noch der Rechtsweg bleibe .
( akl )
Q : How do I embed a newline in a regexp I 'm typing into the minibuffer ?
" images/foo_bar.gif "
" images/foo_bar.gif "
I finally upgraded to Emacs 22 a few weeks ago , and now I 'm wishing I 'd braved it sooner .
Technically it's not released yet ;
I 'm working from a build of a cvs snapshot from a month or so ago .
But the Emacs dev team works pretty hard to make sure it has problem - free builds on a whole slew of platforms , so just following their instructions has a pretty good chance of working for you .
It 's worth the effort .
Truly .
Reading through its NEWS file , there 's just tons and tons of new functionality .
It 's going to take me some time , maybe a few weekends , just to absorb it all .
Personally , though , I think there are two features that by themselves justify the entire effort of upgrading : the Unicode and UTF - 8 support , and the enhancedcommand .
It 's been a very long wait for Unicode and UTF - 8 support , and now that I have it , I could never go back .
There is n't much to say about it , except that it works .
Seamlessly .
It used to be hard to get international characters into and out of Emacs , because it had its own custom way of dealing with them .
Now it 's a snap .
In fact — here , I 'll show ya .
If you type , it brings up the HELLO file , which contains greetings in a variety of languages .
Here 's some Chinese : 中文 , 普通话 , 汉语 .
Here 's some Korean : 안녕하세요 , 안녕하십니까 .
Here 's some Russian : Здравствуйте !
I'm not doing anything special ; I 'm just copying the strings out of the HELLO buffer and into my html buffer , and saving the file .
I added the content - type header line in this HTML file , and all the characters just show up effortlessly in Firefox .
If you can't see them in your browser , well ...
Firefox is free .
Or it might be a font problem on your system .
As far as I 'm concerned , any problems you may have in viewing them is no longer the fault of my Emacs session , which makes me Happy .
Speaking as a developer who needs to internationalize every program I write , I can't begin to tell you how useful it 's been to have seamless editing of utf - 8 encoded files for the past month .
Right there , that feature alone is worth the upgrade .
But wait , there 's more ...
Even though Emacs 22 has a bunch of noteworthy and exciting new features , blah blah blah , I 'm going to blithely ignore them all today and focus with single - minded zeal on just one feature .
It has a teeny tiny entry in the NEWS file ; it 's barely mentioned , really .
I 'm sure it was a thousand times less work than the UTF - 8 support , but even so , it might well be strong enough on its own to justify the ( moderate ) pain of upgrading from Emacs 21 .
Take a look at my examples and see if you agree !
Emacs 22 sports an amazing new editing feature that 's had me drooling in anticipation since I first heard about it , maybe six or eight months ago .
As you can well imagine , that 's a lot of drool .
And what might the feature be , you ask ?
Well , they 've enhancedto accept lisp expressions to be evaluated in the replacement string .
That might not seem like a big deal , so let 's run through some examples , from simple to very fancy .
Have you ever wanted to change the case of certain letters in the replacement string for ?
It used to be a real pain ; you either had to write a Lisp function or fix them all by hand .
Now it 's trivial .
As a simple demonstration , let 's say you have a list of names that you need capitalized , like so :
It 's a contrived example , since Emacs already has .
Or you could use .
But let 's try it with the newevaluation feature to see how it works .
It 's just like a normal , but you 'll prefix any lisp expressions in the replacement string with the sequence `' ( i.e. , a backslash and a comma ) .
In this case , we match the whole word , and invoke the Emacs - Lisp function `' to capitalize the word we just matched : and we wind up with each word capitalized , just like we wanted :
Unlike thecommands , which have hardwired behavior , thecommands give us tremendous flexibility .
For instance , we could have capitalized the last letters of the names instead , by splitting each word into two regexps , with the second regexp matching just the last character .
Then it 's a simple matter to reconstruct the word with the last letter capitalized :.. to get the reverse capitalization we wanted :
For a somewhat more realistic example , let 's say you 've defined some " getter " functions in a Java class , like so : and your code reviewer wants you prepend the word " get " to each of them .
Well , this is a classic refactoring situation ( " rename method " ) , but you 're going to have to invoke the refactoring manually for each method , and you may have hundreds of them .
If these methods have been around a while , and they 're being referenced by many external callers , then you 're safest using a refactoring tool .
You may even consider writing a one - off refactoring script , perhaps in Jython or Mozilla Rhino , that makes programmatic use of either your IDE 's refactoring APIs or a lower - level tool such as ANTLR or JavaCC
Whew !
That 's going to be a lot of work , no matter how you slice it .
And if you 've published your APIs externally , then you 're screwed ; all you can do isthe old names and hope people stop using them someday .
But that 's why you get your code reviews done early , right ?
In many real - world situations , you 're performing a rename - method on a new class that has no external callers yet .
And in those situations , Emacs 22 will get the job done far faster than a refactoring IDE can .
In this case , we 'd just do a straightforward replacement with capitalization , similar to the one in our last example , like so :
Even if you do most of your coding in the comfy confines of a visual IDE , it can be awfully handy to keep Emacs around for your fine - grained text surgery .
Now we can move on to some more interesting examples , so you can feel you got your money 's worth out of today 's blog entry .
But first ... Emacs regular expression syntax is very old , predating Perl 5 's fancier regex syntax by almost a decade .
Perl 's regexp enhancements are the defacto standard , supported in virtually all major programming languages .
Unfortunately , nobody has ever seen fit to retrofit poor Emacs with an alternate Perl - compatible regexp syntax , so Emacs regexps are now nonstandard and a bit awkward .
Here are a few of the noteworthy differences :
But Emacs still supports some of the constructs you 've come to expect :
There are also some Emacs - specific enhancements , such as matchers for entries in the mode - specific syntax tables .
The Info pages have more details on Emacs regular expressions .
If you plan to be more than a casual Emacs user , you should study the regexp syntax carefully , because there are many useful commands in Emacs that operate on regular expression matches .
The better you know the Emacs - specific syntax , the more productive you 'll be .
I suppose before we move on to the next example , I should preemptively answer one of the most frequently asked questions about Emacs regexps .
You use the key sequence .
The C-q invokes the Emacs `' command , which basically says " insert the next character literally , without invoking any commands with it . "
C-j ( i.e. , control - j ) is how a newline character is represented in Emacs .
is a useful general - purpose Emacs command .
Whenever you want to insert a character ( in the minibuffer or a regular buffer ) , and it 's just refusing to go in , will almost always do the trick .
With our new replacement - with - evaluation feature , it becomes straightforward to create numbered lists .
Emacs 22 has introduced a new backreferencing metacharacter , `' , which counts the number of replacements we 've done so far in the current command .
So even without using any Lisp , we already have one way to make numbered lists .
Let 's see ... we 'll need a short list of words as an example .
How about all the words inthat do n't end in [ a - z ] ?
Easy enough to find out .
We ( only if you 're on a Unix system , of course , and the location varies ) , and then .
Ah , perfect — ourbuffer shows 32 matches :
They 're prefixed by their line number , but we can make that disappear during the replacement .
Let 's turn them into a numbered list .
First copy the matches into a new , writable buffer , thento go to the top of the list , and then : Boom !
Oooh , but only Computer Science students like lists numbered from zero .
So let 's ( usingof course — everyone uses , but that 's way too many keystrokes for something as common as Undo ! ) and use a tiny bit of Lisp to start the numbering at 1 .
It so happens that Emacs - Lisp defines a function called , which increments a number .
So we can just wrap thein our replacement string with that function , like so :
The result is just what we wanted :
The lispfunction operates on numbers , not strings , so you might have expected it to barf with aerror .
Our example works because themetacharacter returns a count of matches so far , which is a number , not a string value .
In our next example , we 'll have to do the conversion ourselves .
We can use Lisp - code snippet similar to our previous one to renumber an existing list .
Let 's say we want to insert a word in a numbered list , like so : Easy to fix in Emacs 22 : place the cursor just after the word we inserted , and ' with `' .
The result : This time we used a numbered backreference ( ) , which always returns a string .
Do n't be fooled by the fact that we appear to be matching a number : the regexp `' matches a string containing numeric digits , and we have to do a type conversion ( using the Emacs - Lisp builtin function ) if we want to increment it .
I hope by now you 're beginning to suspect that knowing a little Emacs - Lisp can help you immensely with your editing tasks .
Believe it !
( Not surprisingly , knowing a lot of Emacs - Lisp helps even more . )
Let 's say we have a list of 26 or fewer items , and we want to " number " it with A , B , and C rather than 1 , 2 , and 3 .
Well , shoot .
The list we 've been using has 32 items .
I 'd prefer a list of 26 ( or so ) for this example .
Let 's see ... we can write a wee Lisp function to group the words inby their ending letters a - z :
We just evaluate this snippet in ourbuffer ( by typingafter the last paren ) .
It crunches thebuffer and produces : Hmmm ... nothing really promising .
We only get 9 words if we combine the ones ending in " q " and " j " .
A minor tweak to our search function will show us words ending with a doubled letter : Evaluating it gives us : Looks like we have more options with this list .
Maybe if we just take the ones with a count of 5 or less ... looks like 26 of them .
Perfect !
We could write a little more code to extract the words matching our criteria , but it 's clearly going to be fastest to eyeball it .
So we callwith the regexp , and we get our list of 26 words :
And what a fine bunch of words they are .
Just try doing that exercise in Java or C++ sometime .
In any case , now we have a list for our example , and we want to number it alphabetically .
So we need to replace all the cruft up through each ' :' with a counter converted to an alphabet character .
As we saw in our little function that produced this word list , Emacs uses `?c ' syntax to represent characters , and internally they 're just ints .
So we just add the character `?a ' to our `\ # ' counter this time , to loop through the characters ' a ' to 'z ' :
And , ladies and gentlemen ... behold !
D'oh !!!!
I forgot to convert the counter back to a character .
Haha .
Oops .
After a quick C-/ to undo the operation , we can just change the replacement regexp to `' , and we finally have our alphabetically - enumerated word list :
Or we could get capital letters by usinginstead .
Note thathas its own command history list , so you can just use up - arrow to fetch old regexps you 've entered , and tweak them in place .
Easier than re-entering them from scratch every time .
So far we 've used this amazing little new feature to generate ( and renumber ) various lists , and to change the capitalization of the replacement text on the fly ( in two different ways ) .
Both very practical and useful transformations .
In our next example , we 'll assume you 're working on a Java - based Web application , because your company is too lame to let you use Ruby on Rails .
Hypothetically speaking , of course .
Suppose you have some JSP files containing references to various static images , e.g. , and you decide you want to change them to calls into Java code to fetch the image URLs as the page is composed .
Soneeds to change to ( say ) Well , clearly no fancy - pants refactoring IDE on the planet is going to be able to help you with this .
If you 're an Eclipse or IntelliJ or Visual Studio user , get ready for some carpal tunnel while you manually change every instance .
However , if you 've followed the examples so far , you know it 's trivial in Emacs 22 : and they 're all fixed in the blink of an eye .
But you knew that by now .
This example was n't more complex than the others , just a little longer .
It starts to get even more interesting if you permit side effects in your lisp expressions .
That is to say , persistent changes to the world , whether it 's Emacs variables , your buffer configuration , or even your filesystem .
You have to be a bit more careful , but you can use the neweval feature as a powerful interactive scripting engine .
Our last example will be opening files .
Often you 'll find yourself looking for files using the Unix `find ' command in a shell .
But what if you want to open the files it turned up ?
Again , it 's a slightly contrived example , because it 's already possible to use Unix shell commands and the " emacsclient " program to instruct Emacs to open the files you find .
But it should suffice to show you what we mean by " side - effecting replacements " .
A simple example should work .
Let 's go to our installed emacs lisp directory .
Mine 's , which I found by looking at myvariable in mybuffer .
There are various subdirectories , including , and others .
To have Emacs open ( say ) all the elisp files beginning with the letter `x ' , we , cd to , and use the `find ' command :
If you select the lines naming the 8 files above , thenwill operate just in the selected region .
Opening the selected files is then one easy command :
The files are silently opened in the background when you execute this " replacement " command .
We could alternately have usedto watch them opened noisily in the foreground , but when opening lots of files I personally prefer to open them in the background .
( This also makes them appear at the bottom of your buffer - list . )
Note that we used a new metacharacter here , `' , which grabs the entire string that matched .
That means we were able to omit the grouping parens .
We also relied on the fact that Emacs regexps are , by default , anchored to the beginning and end of the line , so ` ' matches exactly one line , not counting the newline character .
Pretty convenient !
After the replacement , the lines in yourbuffer are replaced with the return values of the calls to , which in this case is just the name of the file .
But we do n't really care , since it's a shell buffer ; we were doing it purely for the side effect and not for the replacement .
Armed with your new - found knowledge , andshould become some of the most powerful tools in your editing toolchest .
The more experience you have with Emacs regular expressions , and with Emacs Lisp , the more bang for your buck you 'll get out of this enhancement .
Oh , OK , fine .
One laaaaaast example , because I just ran into it as I was putting in my final edits .
You know how most browsers like to render
WASHINGTON , Sept. 13 ( UPI ) --
Twenty - seven retired U.S. military leaders are pressing the Senate to reject the White House 's attempt to relax interrogation standards for the CIA .
The same group was instrumental in helping to convince Congress last year to pass Sen.
John McCain 's Detainee Treatment Act , which prohibited torture , cruel , inhumane and degrading treatment for all U.S. detainees .
Advertisement
The Supreme Court earlier this year affirmed that even al - Qaida terrorist prisoners are covered by the most basic Geneva Convention protections outlined in what is known as " Common Article 3 . "
That treaty prohibits violence to life and person , in particular murder of all kinds , mutilation , cruel treatment and torture ; taking of hostages ; outrages upon personal dignity , in particular humiliating and degrading treatment ; and the passing of sentences and the carrying out of executions without previous judgment pronounced by a regularly constituted court .
It also requires prisoners to have all judicial guarantees universally recognized as indispensable .
The U.S. military affirmed last week that it considers the Geneva Convention its guide in the treatment of all prisoners , but U.S. President George W. Bush has proposed legislation that would downgrade the standards of Common Article 3 to a less stringent test .
" If any agency of the U.S. government is excused from compliance with these standards , or if we seek to redefine what Common Article 3 requires , we should not imagine that our enemies will take notice of the technical distinctions when they hold U.S. prisoners captive .
If degradation , humiliation , physical or mental brutalization of prisoners is decriminalized or considered permissible under a restrictive interpretation of Common Article 3 we will forfeit all credible objections should such barbaric practices be inflicted upon American prisoners , " states the group 's Sept. 12 letter to the Senate Armed Services Committee leadership .
Among the letter 's signatories is Marine Gen. Joseph Hoar ( ret. ) , the commander of U.S. Central Command , and former CIA Director Adm. Stansfield Turner .
Here is a website about outside .
Pages .
If ever I think I know everything I spend a little time talking to my eight year old daughter .
She 's very good at asking questions I can't answer , or at least have to think hard about .
The thinking hard bit is important because she cuts through bullshit quickly .
When she was five and her mother had been sending her to Sunday School , out of the blue one day she asked me :
" If God made us , and God loves us , why would God let us get sick ? "
What would you have said ?
I squeaked by this one but " ask your mother " has limited effectiveness .
When she asks me about my work I have to give her real answers and frame them in a way that makes sense to her .
Recently she wanted to know if everyone who worked with computers was a programmer .
" No , " I responded .
" I 'm not , I 'm a Business Analyst . "
" Do you know how to program computers ? "
" Not really , no . "
" And it 's the programmers who make the computer work ? "
" Basically , yes . "
" So why do programmers need you ? "
" That 's what they keep saying to me . "
" I 'm serious Daddy , what do you do ? "
" I write the business requirements .
I work with the programmers to make sure the computer ends up doing the right thing . "
" Does that mean you 're in charge ? "
" I wish .
First , I talk to the people in charge about what they want .
I work out what their requirements are , that 's why we call it business requirements . "
" Do n't they know what they want ? "
" Not always . "
" That 's silly , everyone knows what they want . "
" Not always .
And people are n't always good at explaining to someone else what they want .
How about if I told you I wanted you to buy me a car , what car would you get me ? "
" Ummm , a Smart car , they 're cute . "
" That 's too small for me . "
" Then I 'll get you a 4WD . "
That 's too big and slow .
I want something faster . "
" I 'll get you a Porsche . "
" I do n't have enough money for that . "
" Well , what sort of car will I get you ? "
" See , now you 're asking me about my requirements .
I want a Volkswagen Passat . "
" OK , I 'll get you that . "
" What colour did you get me ? "
" Red . "
" I do n't want red , I want black . "
" Why did n't you say so ? "
" You did n't ask . "
" Is this what you have to do all day ? "
" Pretty much , yeah . "
" No wonder you 're angry all the time . "
" I AM NOT ANGRY ALL THE TIME !
See , this is what I have to do – ask the right questions .
The programmer is like the car dealer , they can get you whatever car you want .
All you have to do is be clear about what car you want .
It 's like in Shrek , when Shrek said ogres are like onions because they have layers .
Requirements have layers and I have to pull them off one layer at a time to get to the middle .
Then I know what to tell the programmers . "
" So the people you work with are like onions ? "
" I guess . "
" Do they stink ? " Gotta love 8 year old humour .
" That 's a bit harsh . "
" Do they make you cry ? "
" Sometimes I come close .
Usually they make me want to scream . "
" So they really are like an ogre ?
They 're scary ! "
Sometimes they are very scary .
And I know I do n't want to find one of them under my bed .
These are the first pictures from an extraordinary experiment which has probed what it is like to look through the eyes of another creature .
As reported on BBC News Online last week , a team of US scientists have wired a computer to a cat 's brain and created videos of what the animal was seeing .
By recording the electrical activity of nerve cells in the thalamus , a region of the brain that receives signals from the eyes , researchers from the University of California at Berkeley were able to view these shapes .
The team used what they describe as a " linear decoding technique " to convert the signals from the stimulated cells into visual images .
Dr Yang Dan , Assistant Professor of Neurobiology at UC Berkeley , Fei Li and Garrett Stanley , now Assistant Professor of Biomedical Engineering at Harvard University conducted 11 experiments .
They recorded the output from 177 brain cells that responded to light and dark in the cat 's field of view .
A cat 's - eye view of a woodland scene
The first example is a face .
Although the reconstructed image is rather fuzzy , it is clearly recognisable as a version of the original scene .
It is possible that a clearer image could be obtained by sampling the electrical output of more cells .
In the cat 's brain , as in ours , the signals from the thalamus cells undergo considerable signal processing in the higher regions of the brain that improve the quality of the image that is perceived .
Taking an image from a region of the brain before this image enhancement has taken place will result in a poorer image than the cat is able to see .
The other two examples show two woodland scenes , with tree trunks being the most prominent objects .
By being able to tap directly into the brain and extract a visual image the researchers have produced a " brain interface " that may one day allow the control of artificial organs and indeed machines by thought alone .
It is also conceivable that , given time , it will be possible to record what one person sees and " play it back " to someone else either as it is happening or at a later date .
why
The language of the Piraha , an Amazonian tribe of around 200 hunter - gatherers , does not include any words for numbers ( in fact , they lack words for many things ) , and despite intense instruction , no one has been able to teach the adult Piraha to count .
This has been interpreted by some as evidence that language profoundly constrains thought - a strong version of the Whorfian hypothesis .
However , there is a theoretical divide in the study of the Piraha .
Peter Gordon , author of a great article about the Piraha in Science , believes that the Piraha have numbers for " one " and " two , " but not for any numbers greater than that .
However , Daniel Everett - who spent seven years with the Piraha - suggests these words actually refer to " very small " and " small , " or other very relative indications of size .
The rift goes deeper than that , however .
According to a recent interview in Scientific American Mind , Gordon and Everett disagree on the fundamental question ofthe Piraha have no ( or very few ) number words .
Whereas Gordon suggests the Piraha may be " cognitively incapable " of counting , Everett believes that the Piraha have a kind of moral objection to the idea of counting .
In the interview , Everett musters several pieces of evidence to support this view .
First , Piraha children can learn to count culturally - relevant items - beads - which shows that the Piraha as a whole are not cognitively incapable of counting ( although it 's also possible that the cognitive capacity for counting is transient unless reinforced by language ) .
Second , there are several indications that the Piraha may simply lack the desire to count .
For example , Piraha refuse to learn the national language of Brazil .
Everett notes that a young boy who did learn to count was actually shunned by other tribe members .
Finally , other cultural facts about the Piraha that are non-specific to counting suggest a radically different view of their situation .
The tribe does not have currency , has no art , and no more than 10 consonants or vowels .
Everett also notes in the SciAm : Mind interview that Piraha " grammar " does not have embedded clauses - thought by some to be a defining feature of human communication systems .
Although this is politically incorrect , it 's clearly possible that the Piraha are severely inbred , and may manifest cognitive deficits as a result ( although Dan Everett has said that " Pirah ã women occasionally have children with Brazilian traders passing through , children raised as Pirahãs .
These children do n't show any difference I can see from other Pirahãs on these cognitive skills or language facts .
I do n't think genes , retardation , or other such suggestions are useful or appropriate here . " )
But as long as mental retardation is a possibility , it seems premature to make conclusions about the innateness of number based on Piraha behavior and language .
EDIT : Predictably , I 've taken heat for suggesting that the Piraha may be inbred .
One person suggested that the critical number of individuals required for avoiding " inbreeding depression " is 12 , which if true would suggest that the Piraha have more than enough individuals to not suffer from the bad effects of inbreeding .
On the other hand , I have not been able to verify this number in any published article , and I find it hard to imagine how this number could be empirically verified in the first place .
Furthermore it seems that any such number would have to be relative both to a certain number of generations of inbreeding , and to the initial genetic diversity of those 12 individuals , neither of which is known in the case of the Piraha .
Related Posts : Piraha links ( Language Log )
Transcript :
Jason :
Did you hear how Sony was outed for including nasty DRM software on certain music CDs ?
If you play one on a PC , it invisibly installs stuff into your system that virus writers can use to hide all kinds of malicious code .
Makes you feel sorry for people who bought the new Celine Dion album .
Well , almost .
Peter : I was about to say ...
BeyoncÃ© Knowles is on the shortlist to play grizzled protest singer Bob Dylan .
The ' Bootlicious ' singer is one of several black female stars being considered to play Dylan in a biopic of his life after the director , Todd Haynes , announced he was searching for a woman to do justice to the white Jewish singer 's " inner blackness " .
Seven actors - including the black woman - will portray Dylan during different eras in his 43 - year career , starting in the 1960s when his song , ' The Times They Are Changin ' became an anti-war anthem .
Other female stars in line to play Dylan include tennis champion Venus Williams and TV presenter Oprah Winfrey .
Although it is quite common in film biopics for characters to be played by more then one actor , it is extremely rare for them to change sex or race .
Haynes , whose previous work has earned him an Oscar nomination , says he wants to hire various actors to take on the role as Dylan was " too complex " to be played by a conventional actor .
He added : " I am setting out to explode the idea that anybody can be depicted in a single self . "
However , producers at Paramount , who will make the film , are not entirely convinced the bold move will pay off .
One said : Dylan has always acknowledged his debt to blues gospel , but critics may say there are other ways of celebrating the African - American musical heritage .
Todd is , however , a serious film maker and we are confident that he will treat it all with respect .
We hope . "
The FBI 's counterterrorism unit has launched a broad investigation of US - based theft rings after discovering some vehicles used in deadly car bombings in Iraq , including attacks that killed US troops and Iraqi civilians , were probably stolen in the United States , according to senior US Government officials .
The FBI 's deputy assistant director for counterterrorism , Inspector John Lewis , said the investigation did not prove the vehicles were stolen specifically for car bombings in the Middle East , but there was evidence they were smuggled out of the US by organised criminal networks that included terrorists and insurgents .
Cracking the car - theft rings and tracing the cars could help identify insurgent leaders and shut down one of the means used to attack the US - led coalition and the Iraqi Government , the officials said .
More Americans are interested in science news and information than is commonly thought , a new study suggests .
But not everyone wears the intrigue on their sleeves .
In fact some people are downright silent about their scientific interests , perhaps not wanting to be perceived as nerds .
The study , based on online polling and focus groups , was conducted by the media communications agency OMD for Imaginova Corp. , parent company of LiveScience and SPACE.com .
Beyond the geeks
The research aimed to get beyond the recognized geek population and gauge interest in science among the roughly 150 million Americans age 18 - 54 .
About 40 percent of them , or 60 million people , were found to be " intellectually curious " about politics , the arts and science , all spending significant time with newspapers , related television channels and online media .
Among the intellectually curious group , those who are aware of science - oriented websites tend to visit them frequently .
Some 85 percent said they are intrigued by scientific breakthroughs and innovation , compared to 35 percent of those outside the group .
And while 72 percent of the intellectually curious say science is relevant to many aspects of their lives , that figure is 26 percent among the rest of the population .
Further study of the intellectually curious segment revealed three distinct groups .
If you are reading this , you likely fit into one of them :
Science with Passion ( 14 percent of the 18 - 54 group ) :
This group contains the geeks and nerds .
They do n't need to be prompted to share their love of science .
" They might switch a cocktail party from politics to science , " said OMD researcher Mike Hess in a telephone interview .
They watch the Discovery Channel , the Science Channel and PBS .
Prime interests : nature , medicine and the environment .
This group is 53 percent female .
Money , Success and Science ( 11 percent of the 18 - 54 group ) :
These people are also very interested in science .
But they 're unlikely to discuss it .
The study did not reveal why , but they were also very interested in privacy and their higher interest in careers and success suggests they do not want to be perceived as nerdy , Hess speculated .
They are notably interested in the Sci -Fi channel as well as science programming .
Prime interest : technology .
This group is 64 percent male .
Style with Science ( 15 percent of the 18 - 54 group ) :
This high - income group follows science but would rather be throwing a party or out on the town than watching TV or having a quiet evening .
They do like " Desperate Housewives , " however .
" If an opportunity arises at a cocktail party [ to discuss science ] they 'll engage , " Hess said .
Prime interests : technology , weather and nature .
This group is 57 percent male .
" We found that consumer interest in science and science - related consumer products is both larger and more complex than many people previously thought , " Hess said .
Imaginova CEO and President Dan Stone thinks that market is largely untapped .
“ The OMD study clearly shows that intellectually curious consumers are a very valuable market whose science interests are not yet satisfied by existing new media offerings , " Stone said in a statement today .
" This research independently verifies what we observed over the last several years and has guided the development of our products and services . "
Imaginova has grown from its roots — the launch of SPACE.com in 1999 — to include the software company Starry Night and Orion Telescopes & Binoculars .
It launched LiveScience in 2004 based on the popularity of science and technology coverage on SPACE.com .
Flickr user Dan Bowles has a few photos up on his photostream today depicting an odd discovery he made while checking out his Apple Mighty Mouse .
It appears as if when you lift the mouse and look at the light pattern formed by the red LED underneath , it forms the shape of , well , a mouse .
( photo by Dan Bowles 's camera phone )
Skeptical , I waited until I got home from work to post about it so that I could observe this phenomenon with my very own Mighty Mouse and compare it to the optical patterns of other , non-mighty Apple mice .
Indeed , my own Mighty Mouse produces this oddly creepy , mouse - like pattern just like in Mr. Bowles 's pictures .
I tested out a regular Apple optical mouse and saw a completely different light pattern , sort of like a four - way venn diagram .
I even tried them both at different angles , hoping to prove that it was merely the light angle that was showing us our red , furry friend , but alas , that experiment was a failure .
The two light patterns were definitely different .
The question is : is this a real hardware easter egg , or are we all just completely drunk off of the Kool Aid that Steve 's been feeding us ?
1 Shares Share
Having returned from a major conference like Pri-Med , the pharmaceutical exhibits are always interesting .
Essentially , they are engaged in a “ top - this ” competition of showmanship and extravagance to woo the physicians in attendance .
This led to some comical scenes in this pharmaceutical wonderland .
So , how does one win a physician ’s attention ?
Sleeping all day in your pajamas !
( The “ O ” is for Rozerem – and yes , that was a real person sleeping there .
Nice work if you can get it . )
Origami !
( Not sure what this has to do with a constipation medication )
Cool magic tricks !
Dressing as a . . .
I do n’t know what !
( I think that ’s triglyceride on the left , HDL on the right ; pancreas is below )
Golf !
Masquerading as a coffee shop !
The Truth !
Der Hamburger Datenschutzbeauftragte Hartmut Lubomierski hat die Bürger dazu aufgefordert , die allgegenwärtige elektronische Überwachung nicht einfach hinzunehmen .
" Sicherheit darf nicht durch den Abbau von Freiheitsrechten erkauft werden " , sagte der Datenschützer am Dienstag bei der Vorlage seines Tätigkeitsberichtes 2004/2005 ( PDF - Datei ) .
Nie zuvor sei das Kommunikations - und Konsumverhalten so umfassend registriert worden wie heute , erklärte Lubomierski .
Der " gläserne Mensch " sei längst Realität , Datenschutz spiele kaum noch eine Rolle .
" Ich fordere die Wiederherstellung der Balance von Freiheit und Sicherheit " , sagte Hamburgs oberster Datenschützer .
Jeder hat nach seinen Worten " grundsätzlich das Recht , sich im öffentlichen Raum unbeobachtet und unerfasst zu bewegen " .
Deshalb dürfe es keine Ausweitung der Videoüberwachung auf Straßen und Plätzen geben , bevor die Videoüberwachung auf der Reeperbahn " nicht sorgfältig , unabhängig und ergebnisoffen evaluiert wurde " .
Gleichzeitig warnte Lubomierski vor einer " Videoüberwachung in Schulen zur Kontrolle von Unterricht und laufendem Schulbetrieb " .
Es dürfe dabei nur um Objektsicherung gehen , " sonst brechen die letzten Dämme " .
" Die Strukturen der Informationsgesellschaft müssen auf eine freiheitlich selbstbestimmte Kommunikation ausgerichtet werden " , forderte der Datenschützer .
Daher müsse die Vorratsdatenspeicherung von Telekommunikationsdaten gestoppt , ein anonymer Zugang zum Internet möglich werden .
Derzeit werde " jeder Klick " dort registriert .
Lubomierski kritisierte die Sicherheitsvorkehrungen zur Fußball - WM .
Es spreche nichts dagegen , " wenn die Stadien zur Festung werden " .
Die umfassende Überprüfung von " Journalisten und Würstchenverkäufern durch Verfassungsschutz und Bundesnachrichtendienst hat dagegen keine gesetzliche Grundlage " , betonte Hamburgs Datenschutzbeauftragter .
Er wundere sich , dass " niemand der Betroffenen das hat prüfen lassen " .
( dpa ) / ( jk )
By Jesse Colombo
After the cataclysmic mid-2000s real estate bubbles in the U.S. and European PIIGS nations , one would think that the world would never allow another property bubble to rear its ugly head again .
Unfortunately , this thinking is completely wrong .
Since 2009 , the world has openly embraced new property bubbles with astounding vigor , in complete defiance of all lessons taught by the Global Financial Crisis .
A series of new real estate bubbles have inflated in countless countries – I ’ve named this bubble “ The Global Property Bubble . ”
These new property bubbles are located in China , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , emerging market countries , northern & western Europe , and parts of the United States .
Please follow my Twitter feed for commentary and news about the Global Property Bubble :
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In a democracy , voters are supposed to choose their rulers .
But in America it seems to be the other way around .
Webster ’s on gerrymandering : “ [ T ] he division of a territorial unit into election districts to give one political party an electoral majority in a large number of districts while concentrating the voting strength in of the opposition in as few districts as possible . ”
Legislatures have created districts as winding as the Mississippi River , as roundabout as a a u-turn , and as porous as a coral reef — rendering voting little more than a good - faith ritual .
Indeed , in 2004 fully 98 percent of incumbents running for re-election to the U.S. House of Representatives held onto their seats — even accounting for retirements and deaths .
Pronounced with a hard “ G ” the name harkens back to 1812 , inspired by Massachusetts ’ Governor Elbridge Gerry .
Though hardly a new practice , computer software of the past two decades has meant incumbents can use redistricting to benefit like never before .
It turns out that redistricting is easier and cheaper than actually campaigning .
In 2001 , U.S. Rep. Loretta Sanchez ( D - Orange County ) admitted that she and her colleagues paid $ 20,000 to map - maker Michael Berman to preserve their seats .
“ Twenty thousand is nothing to keep your seat , ” Sanchez said .
“ I spend $ 2 million ( campaigning ) every election . ”
Sanchez is one of a few incumbents who have gerrymandered their siblings a seat ( her sister Linda , in 2002 ) , according to Doug Johnson of the Rose Institute , an expert on the topic .
Three decades ago , another U.S. Representative , democrat Phillip Burton crafted a San Francisco Bay Area district that his brother , John Burton , won in 1974 .
John later became a powerful force in California state politics , and as state senate leader in 2001 , gerrymandered a fellow Democrat out of a seat .
Burton ’s goal was to prevent State assembly leader Fred Keeley of Santa Cruz from winning the primary for the state Senate and took the city of Santa Cruz , where Keeley had garnered a following , right out of the district .
But Burton ’s preferred candidate ended up dropped out early , and Keeley did n’t even attempt to campaign in a foreign district , thus a Republican took the seat .
Democrats have controlled redistricting in most states in recent decades , but Republicans have certainly taken charge of late .
Legislatures have lost their inhibitions and now follow just the slimmest of rules : for one , chunks of a district have to be connected by a minimum of one census block — the smallest geographic unit for which the Census Bureau tabulates percent data — or a bridge , or a highway .
In 2003 , the Republicans of Texas , led by Tom DeLay , famously broke the other basic rule : that redistricting should take place only every ten years .
Just two years after the last redraw DeLay cleaved the city of Austin into two separate districts , one of which snakes about 300 miles to the border of Mexico .
The U.S. Supreme Court upheld the scheme , meaning , for now , anything seems to go .
Manageability Pro
Java Is a Language for the Masses
by Carlos Perez
June 10 , 2003
Summary
Dumbing down the language by not providing more powerful expressions is a way of promoting to a wider audience .
However , is it the only way of supporting communities ?
Advertisement
Matt Quail writes about the new complexities of JDK 1.5 extensions .
He points to this blog which quotes :
The real point is that LFSPs ( Language for Smart People ) have a much greater support for abstraction , and in particular for defining your own abstractions , than LFMs ( Language for the Masses ) .
Half a year ago a few bloggers made the recomendation of adding Hygienic Macros into Java as an alternative to adding language features piecemeal .
We received this response from Gilad Bracha , the resident Computational Theologist at Sun .
Thanks for the suggestion .
Yes , we do know what macros are , and we may have even heard of Lisp .
Seriously , some formulations of macros are well structured enough to prevent the onerous kinds of abuse that have given macros a dubious reputation in the C culture .
Nevertheless , we do n't plan on adding a macro facility to Java any time soon .
A major objection is that we do not want to encourage the development of a wide variety of user - defined macros as part of the Java culture .
He goes on further to explain what he means by Java Culture :
The advantages of Java is that it easily serves as a lingua franca - everyone can read a Java program and understand what is going on .
User defined macros destroy that property .
Every installation or project can ( and will ) define its own set of macros , that make their programs unreadable for everyone else .
Programming languages are cultural artifacts , and their success ( i.e. , widespread adoption ) is critically dependent on cultural factors as well as technical ones .
We are catering to the Java culture , while trying to manage things well on the technical side at the same time .
In general , once can contrast the Scheme - like philosophy of using a small number of very general constructs , with the more mainstream approach of having a great many highly specialized constructs , as in C or Modula style languages .
Java is clearly in the latter camp .
Most Java developers are happy to have dedicated , narrowly focused solutions that are tailored to a specific problem .
I am keenly aware of the drawbacks of such an approach , but I do n't see it changing very quickly .
A little while later William Grosso puts together a presentation that makes this insightful observation :
The single best measure of whether a programming language is worth using is : how well does it support communities .
The social aspects of the language dominate the technological aspects of the language
Dumbing down the language at the cost of not providing more powerful expressions is a way of promoting to a wider audience .
However , is it the only way of supporting communites ?
Anyway , Gilad 's comments are in a nutshell the guiding principles of the Java language .
Could you say it 's a Idealist style of thinking ?
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 12 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Carlos Perez adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Carlos E. Perez has been an object - oriented practitioner for over a decade .
He holds a Bachelor 's Degree in Physics and a Master 's Degree in Computer Science from the University of Massachusetts .
He has polished his craft while working in IBM's Internet Division and IBM's TJ Watson Research Center in Hawthorne , New York .
He now works for a startup 1/100,000th the size of his former employer .
He writes about topics covering emerging aspect and object oriented paradigms , loosely coupled architecture , open source projects and Java evangelism .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2003 Carlos Perez .
All rights reserved .
2005 Warmest Year in Over a Century
Image to right : 2005 was the warmest year since the late 1800s , according to NASA scientists .
1998 , 2002 and 2003 and 2004 followed as the next four warmest years .
Credit : NASA
Image to left :
This colorful global map of 2005 average temperatures shows areas that have warmed the most in red , to the areas that have cooled ( in blue ) .
Note that the Arctic has warmed significantly .
These temperatures are from Dec. 2004 through Nov. 2005 .
Click image to enlarge Credit : NASA
Image / animation to right :
The animation to the right shows a basic demonstration of the increase in annual mean temperature in ten year increments from 1891 through 1996 .
Warmest temperatures are in red .
Click on image to view animation .
Credit : NASA / GISS
Rob Gutro
Goddard Space Flight Center
The year 2005 was the warmest year in over a century , according to NASA scientists studying temperature data from around the world .
Climatologists at NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies ( GISS ) in New York City noted that the highest global annual average surface temperature in more than a century was recorded in their analysis for the 2005 calendar year .
Some other research groups that study climate change rank 2005 as the second warmest year , based on comparisons through November .
The primary difference among the analyses , according to the NASA scientists , is the inclusion of the Arctic in the NASA analysis .
Although there are few weather stations in the Arctic , the available data indicate that 2005 was unusually warm in the Arctic .
In order to figure out whether the Earth is cooling or warming , the scientists use temperature data from weather stations on land , satellite measurements of sea surface temperature since 1982 , and data from ships for earlier years .
Previously , the warmest year of the century was 1998 , when a strong El Nino , a warm water event in the eastern Pacific Ocean , added warmth to global temperatures .
However , what 's significant , regardless of whether 2005 is first or second warmest , is that global warmth has returned to about the level of 1998 without the help of an El Nino .
The result indicates that a strong underlying warming trend is continuing .
Global warming since the middle 1970s is now about 0.6 degrees Celsius ( C ) or about 1 degree Fahrenheit ( F ) .
Total warming in the past century is about 0.8° C or about 1.4° F.
" The five warmest years over the last century occurred in the last eight years , " said James Hansen , director of NASA GISS .
They stack up as follows : the warmest was 2005 , then 1998 , 2002 , 2003 and 2004 .
Over the past 30 years , the Earth has warmed by 0.6° C or 1.08° F .
Over the past 100 years , it has warmed by 0.8° C or 1.44° F.Current warmth seems to be occurring nearly everywhere at the same time and is largest at high latitudes in the Northern Hemisphere .
Over the last 50 years , the largest annual and seasonal warmings have occurred in Alaska , Siberia and the Antarctic Peninsula .
Most ocean areas have warmed .
Because these areas are remote and far away from major cities , it is clear to climatologists that the warming is not due to the influence of pollution from urban areas .
Let 's continue with the discussion of the production plateau since last year that we first discussed at Thanksgiving , and then resumed just before Christmas .
If you are n't sick of it yet , this is the phenomena we are seeking to explain :
Average monthly oil production from various estimates .
Click to enlarge .
Believed to be all liquids .
Graph is not zero - scaled .
Source : IEA , and EIA .
The IEA raw line is what they initially state each month .
The IEA corrected line is calculated from the month - on - month production change quoted the following month .
Note the leveling off that began last summer .
Our task is to understand why that occurred in the face of a rapidly growing world economy and ever higher prices for several years , which our economist friends would tell us should be calling forth more and more supply .
Are we at , or almost at , the peak , is there some more innocent explanation ?
The ever - optimistic Freddy Hutter suggested that
Peaksters can get excited all they want watching the mid 2005 plateau and read into it what they want but the rest of us know it was hurricane and refinery related and the trendline will continue into 2010 amid the gnashing of teeth .
Saudi Arabia 's Minister of Petroleum and Mineral Resources Ali al - Naimi blamed lack of refining capacity to handle sour and heavy crude for the spiralling global prices .
" What the global oil industry confronts today is a challenge of deliverability , " said al - Naimi addressing a packed session [...]
" This is because there is a major constraint in the refining system .
There is a mismatch between the configuration of refineries and availability of sour and heavy crude , " he pointed out .
Now yesterday , I think we put the hurricane explanation out of it's misery .
So that leaves the refinery capacity idea .
Of course Freddy is not alone in proposing that story .
As Alexander 's Oil and Gas Connections reported Firstly , let 's orient ourselves to the overall history of refinery capacity .
Alas , I was not able to find a monthly series for global refinery capacity , but I found two annual series , and I think they definitely shed some interesting light on the question .
One is from the BP Statistical Review of World Energy 2005 , and the other is from the EIA .
As usual in this game , the data from different sources agree in the big picture , but not on the details .
Here 's the story on capacity :
Before we compare capacity to production , I would just like you to note how rapidly capacity grow in the late sixties and seventies .
I would also draw your attention to the difference in slope between the late nineties , and the anemic climb of the last few years .
We will return to these points in a few graphs .
First though , how much of this capacity was being utilized ?
It turns out not to be easy to compare EIA production numbers with their refinery capacity , so I stuck to the BP numbers for this next bit .
Here 's a graph showing how much of refinery capacity each year was actually taken up with production .
We can see that things are starting to get a bit tight at the end there .
However , if we look at the ratio of production as a proportion of refinery capacity , we see that it 's no tighter in recent years than it was in the 1960s , when neither oil nor gasoline were particularly expensive .
So we might wonder why the big fuss now ?
To me , the most revealing graph is this one .
This shows the year - on - year growth rate in refinery capacity .
Points to note :
In the late sixties and seventies , we knew how to grow global refinery capacity by 6 % - 10 % annually .
As recently as the late nineties , we were growing global refinery capacity at 2 % a year .
On several occasions , we have increased the growth rate in refinery capacity by one or two percentage points within the space of a year or two .
Eg in the late eighties , and again around 1993 - 1994 .
The only period of near - constant very slow , nay positively anemic , only 1/2 % , growth in refinery capacity is the period 2001 - 2004 .
If we had grown refinery capacity at 1 % - 2 % from 2002 on , there would have been no problem with refinery capacity .
The problem was not just that demand grew , it was also that refinery capacity growth was very minimal during that period .
Just how fast was production growth in the run-up to the plateau ?
Here it is :
Year - on - year change in monthly EIA oil production Jan 2002 - October 2005 .
The dark green line is the data , and the plum curve is a quadratic fit to the data to illustrate the smooth trend .
Click to enlarge .
Source : EIA .
So demand growth certainly became respectable -- getting up to about 4 % in the smoothed trend -- but nothing out of the historical norm , and generally inline with GDP growth in a healthy economic recovery .
Given all this , I cannot believe that we just could n't increase refining capacity in time to avoid the bottleneck this year .
On the historical record , we certainly should have been able to get it up to 2 % annually , or even a little better , by now , and that would have been enough to avoid the bottleneck .
No , it 's not that we could n't , it 's that we did n't .
We chose not to .
I can think of only two reasons why we might not have chosen to increase refinery capacity in the way that we obviously could .
One is a secret refining cartel .
The other is peak oil .
I think Calculated Risk made the key argument back in the summer .
If the problem was just a refinery cartel , crude oil , or at the very least heavy grades of crude oil , would be selling for $ 10 / barrel .
It 's not - even the heavy stuff is $ 50 / barrel .
That implies there 's very little of it to spare , not that there 's quite a bit but it 's not making it through the refining cartel .
What it looks to me like is the refinery market , explicitly or implicitly , understands that ramping up to compete for market share on CERA 's 100 m bpd + of production in the near future would be a very dumb business move .
Instead , it looks like they are inching their capacity up in the most gingerly manner possible .
They 're acting like their big fear is getting caught with too much capacity .
So I call bullshit on this refinery explanation .
Anybody got any other ideas for why this plateau might have happened besides imminent peak oil ?
PR
Haskellというプログラミング言語を知っていますか？
全く聞いたことがないという人が多いかもしれません。そういう名前の言語があるのは知っているけど，どんな言語かは知らないという人もいるかもしれませんね。でも最近では，一部の先進的なソフトウエア開発者の間で，一種のブームと言えるほど熱狂的に受け入れられています。
なぜならば ，Haskellは様々な優れた特徴を持っているからです。最初に，他の言語にはあまり見られない際だった特長を一つだけ紹介してみましょう。「遅延評価（lazy evaluation，怠惰評価ともいう）」です。
遅延評価とは，与えられた値を必要になるまで評価（計算）しないということです。この性質により，不必要な計算が行われる無駄をなくすことができます。また，「潜在的に無限の大きさを持つデータ構造」といった通常のプログラミング言語では扱いの難しいものを直接扱えるため，より直接的な形でプログラムを記述できます。
このよう に 「何らかの処理を遅延させて必要な部分だけ行う」といったやり方は，一般的なコンピュータの世界，あるいは現実の世界でも広く行われています。例えば，コンピュータ・グラフィックス（CG）では，画面に現れなかったり画面に影響を与えなかったりする部分を計算（レンダリング）しないことにより，計算時間の無駄を省く手法がよく用いられます。また，プログラムの実行時にすべての機能をあらかじめ呼び出しておくのではなく，必要になるまでオブジェクトの生成やデータの取得などを保留することで，プログラムの起動の高速化を図る手法もよく利用されています。現実世界の例としては，必要なものを必要なときに必要なだけ生産することによって仕掛在庫を抑える「カンバン方式」（ジャストインタイム生産方式）が挙げられます。
Haskellの遅延評価を実感してもらうために，簡単なコードの例を見てみましょう。今は雰囲気さえつかめれば完全に理解できなくてもかまいません。以下のコードは「ある関数fをn回適用する関数」であるrepeatedを定義するためのコードです。
repeated f n = \x -> ( iterate f x ) !!n
まず，iterate という関数を使って [ ( f x ) , ( f ( f x ) ) , ( f ( f ( f x ) ) ) , ...]というようにxに関数fを重ねて適用していった結果を際限なくリストとして並べています。このリストの中から，!!という演算子を使ってn番目の結果を取り出しています。つまり，いったん無限の長さのものを用意しておいて，そこから必要なものだけを取り出すという記述になっています。
繰り返し処理を行っているのに関数の中に終了条件がないことに不安を覚える人がいるかもしれません。通常のプログラミング言語では，終了条件がなければ無限の処理が行われる，つまり無限ループになります。しかし，「必要になった時に必要なだけ評価する」という遅延評価のおかげで，ループや再帰などを使って明示的に終了条件を提示しなくても，このコードはきちんと終了します。n番目の値を取り出すために必要となるn回の処理しか行われないことが保証されているのです。こんな簡単な例でも，Haskellが持つ高い能力の一端を実感できますね。
日本語の解説書の出版が相次ぐ
私自身 がHaskellの学習を始めたのは2002年です。書籍「達人プログラマー」（ピアソン・エデュケーション発行）に書かれている「毎年少なくとも一つの言語を学習しよう」という話をもとに提唱された「
The " Language of the Year " project 」 で，2002年の言語として選ばれたのがHaskellだったからです。
一般的に注目されるようになったのは，解説書が相次いで出版された影響が大きいでしょう。2006月3月には向井淳氏が執筆した「入門Haskell―はじめて学ぶ関数型言語」（毎日コミュニケーションズ発行），6月には青木峰郎氏が執筆した「ふつうのHaskellプログラミング
ふつうのプログラマのための関数型言語入門」（ソフトバンク
クリエイティブ発行）と日本語で書かれた入門書が立て続けに発売されました。「入門Haskell」は，ページ数の制約から学習曲線が急になってしまっている印象があるので，とりあえず最初の1冊を選ぶとすれば「ふつうのHaskellプログラミング」が良いでしょう。とはいえ，この本が取り上げているトピックは十分に広いとはいえないので，余裕があるなら「入門Haskell」も読んでみるといいかもしれません。
雑誌では，情報処理学会会誌の 「 情報処理」で2005年4月から2006年3月までの1年間，「
Haskellプログラミング」という記事が連載されていました。この記事は現在，Webで読むことができます（参考リンク）。また，日経ソフトウエア2006年6月号の「プロのソフト技術者になるためのプログラミング実力アップ大作戦」という特集には，酒井政裕氏が執筆した「Haskellによる関数型プログラミング入門」という記事が掲載されています。
Haskellはイベントでも注目を集めています。2006年3月に東京で開催されたPerl関連イベント「
YAPC::Asia 2006 Tokyo」では ，HaskellによるPerl6の実装であるPugsの開発者であるAudrey Tang氏が，Pugsについての講演とHaskell入門の講演を行いました。これを聞いてHaskellのすごさに目覚めた方もいるかもしれません。
最近は様々な人がHaskellを勉強し，その様子をWeb日記やブログに書くようになりました。さらに，「ふつうのHaskellプログラミング」を対象にした読書会もいくつか開催されています。参加者の中には，「はじめて学習するプログラミング言語がHaskell」という人もいるようです。
アプリケーションの開発にも使われている
アプリケーション開発 にHaskellを用いている人達もいます。Haskellで実装された有名なアプリケーションとしては，HaskellによるPerl6の実装であるPugsがあります。また，Pugsに比べると若干，知名度は落ちますが，分散バージョン管理システムのdarcsもHaskellで書かれています。日本では，Haskellを使ってゲームのグラディウスを実装したMonadiusが2005年6月頃に注目を集めました。
大学などの研究機関のみならず，一般の企業で実際の仕事にHaskellを用いている人たちもいるようです。Haskellのサイトにはそうした企業が求人広告を出しているページがあります。Haskellに関係した論文の執筆者の所属には，研究機関や米海軍艦隊計算機気象海洋学センター（FNMOC：Fleet Numerical Meteorology and Oceanography Center）のような軍関係に加え，一般の企業の名前も見られます。
Haskellの持つ機能の強力さに引かれ，そうした機能を他の言語に取り入れようとする試みもあります。例えば，C++やJavaのライブラリの中には，Haskell風の関数型プログラミング（functional programming，関数プログラミングともいう）をサポートしたり，そうして実現したHaskell風のコードを内部実装に使用しているものがいくつか現れてきています。また，C#の次のバージョンであるC#
3.0（およびVBの次期バージョンであるVB 9）やC#を拡張した研究用の言語であるCω（Comega）は，言語の新しい機能として，Haskellをはじめとする関数型言語から様々なアイディアを流用しています。
Haskellを動かすための処理系
Haskellにはいくつもの処理系があります（参考リンク）。どれを使えばいいか迷うかもしれませんが，比較的安定したメジャーな処理系であるGHC（The Glasgow Haskell Compiler）かHugsを選べば，まず問題はありません。ただし，インストールやパッケージなどについて若干注意したほうがよい点があります。
GHC はコンパイラを基本としているため，それ自身がHaskellを使用して書かれています。このため，GHCのビルドにはあらかじめGHCが必要になります。また，GHCのビルドには長い時間がかかります。下手に自分でビルドしようと色気を出さず，すでに提供されているパッケージをダウンロードしたほうがよいと思います。Windows用にはstandaloneとVisual Studio version （Visual Haskell）の2種類が提供されています。ただ，Visual Studio versionは問題が多いので，使わないほうが無難です。Windows用standaloneの最新バージョンは6.4.2です。
Mac OS X版は ，Power PC搭載 のMacの場合には一つ前のバージョン（6.4.1）が提供されているので，それを使うのがよいと思います（参考リンク）。インストーラーを含むGHC-6.4.1.pkg.zipを使うのが一番楽でしょう。実はDarwinPortsで最新版が提供されているのですが，DarwinPortsの知識が必要になります。問題も若干，報告されています（参考リンク）。Intel Macの場合には，6.5のバイナリが提供されています（参考リンク）。ただ，開発版であることに注意してください。このバージョンを使う場合には，Webページの最初に挙げてあるバイナリ（現在はghc-6.5.20060608.tar.bz2）を利用するのが一番手軽です。ただし，GUIのインストーラは存在しないため，configureやmake installといったコマンドを使ってインストールする必要があります。
もう一つの処理系であ るHugsは，Cで書かれたインタプリタだけの処理系なので，そんなに気構えなくても自分でソースからビルドすることもできます（いくつかのツールを使用する場合はビルドにGHCが必要になります）。注意点は，最新版のバイナリでは，Windows版のインストーラがmsiパッケージではなくなっていることです。アンインストーラの定義がXML（eXtensible Markup Language）で書かれているため ，Windows XPより前 の Windowsでは素直にアンインストールできなくなっています。この問題が気になる方は，「
The Haskell School of Expression : Learning Functional Programming through Multimedia 」 （SOE ）という本のサポート・サイトで提供されている少し古いバイナリを使うとよいと思います。
この連載が目指すこ と
Haskellは，関数型プログラミングというジャンルに属する言語です。Haskellや関数型プログラミングを題材に物事を見ていくことで，今まで思いもよらなかったような未知の世界を知ることができるでしょう。
ただし，ある言語の基本的な文法やプログラミング・スタイルを身につけることは，その言語を学ぶことの一部でしかありません。それ以上の考え方を知りたければ，領域ごとに人々の知恵の集積によってつちかわれてきたものも知らなければなりません。入門段階を終えた先にも，ある言語を通して学べることはたくさんあります。これらは，単に言語を使用したり学習するだけで身につきません。プログラミング言語を学ぶという行為には，
言語の基本的な文法や考え方を理解する 言語の文化圏で広く使われている考え方に親しんでその言語らしい書き方を習得する
単に言語を使ってできること以上の知恵を学ぶ
の3段階があります。この連載では，三つ目の段階を目標に，Haskellプログラミングの世界を一つひとつ丁寧に紹介していきたいと思います。
ただ， 「 単に言語を使ってできること以上の知恵を学ぶ」といっても，具体的なイメージがつかめないかもしれません。例としては，前に述べたように，C++やJavaにHaskell風の関数型プログラミングを導入するライブラリがあります。ライブラリ・レベルで別のパラダイムを実現してしまうものです。例えば，Prologで行うような論理型プログラミング（logic
programming）を可能にするライブラリ，1から6の起こる確率がそれぞれ約16.7%といったように確率的な値を使って計算を行う確率的関数プログラミング（probabilistic functional programming）を実現するライブラリ，音楽記述言語やアニメーション記述言語のようなある特定の分野で使われる専用の言語―DSL（Domain Specific Language，特定領域言語，ドメイン特化言語）を言語内（internal，embedded）で表現したりするようなライブラリなどが挙げられます。また，論理型プログラミングや確率的関数プログラミングがわかる人なら容易に想像できるように，近い将来，量子計算を表現するライブラリなども出てくるかもしれません（参考リンク）。
少し難しすぎたでしょうか。未知の単語との遭遇にとまどった人は少なくないと思いますが，ここで述べているような例はこの連載を通して適宜説明していくつもりです。今は「いろいろとすごいことができるらしい」というぐらいにとらえていただければ十分です。
最後にこの連載のタイトルの由来を紹介しておきましょう。「本物のプログラマはHaskellを使う」というタイトルは「本物のプログラマはFORTRANを使う」や「本物のプログラマはPascalを使わない」といった有名なフレーズをもじったものです。この言葉の意味は，出典元である「
The Real Programmer Stories」（本物のプログラマ）という文章（日本語訳）やウィキペディア（Wikipedia）の解説などを見てください。
The findings are similar to those of a growing list of inspections , audits and investigations that have concluded that the program to rebuild Iraq has often fallen short for the most mundane of reasons : poorly written contracts , ineffective or nonexistent oversight , needless project delays and egregiously poor construction practices .
“ This report is the latest chapter in a long , sad and expensive tale about how contracting in Iraq was more about shoveling money out the door than actually getting real results on the ground , ” said Stephen Ellis , a vice president at Taxpayers for Common Sense in Washington .
“ These contracts were to design and build important items for oil infrastructure , hospitals and education , but in some cases more than half of the money padded corporate coffers instead , ” he said .
Although the federal report places much of the burden for the charges squarely on the shoulders of United States officials in Baghdad , the findings varied widely over a sampling of contracts examined by auditors , from a low of under 20 percent for some companies to a high of over 55 percent .
One oil contract awarded to a joint venture between Parsons , an American company , and Worley , from Australia , had overhead costs of at least 43 percent , the report found .
One contract held by Parsons alone to build hospitals and prisons had overhead of at least 35 percent ; in another , it was 17 percent .
The lowest figure was found for certain contracts won by Lucent , at 11 percent , but the report indicates that substantial portions of the overhead in those cases could not be determined .
The report did not explain why KBR ’s overhead costs on those contracts  the contracts totaled about $ 296 million  were more than 10 percent higher than those at the other companies audited .
Despite past criticism of KBR , the Army , which administers those contracts , has generally agreed to pay most of the costs claimed by the company .
Mr. Marcus said he hoped to have guidelines in place by June .
Until then , he said , restaurateurs who wanted to use sous vide need to have a food scientist draw up a Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point plan , a procedure laid out in the federal Food Code .
But many chefs who use sous vide say they have studied it with pioneers in the field , like the French chef George Pralus , who have carefully developed procedures for sous vide safety .
" It 's a safer , more precise way of cooking , " said Jonathan Benno , chef de cuisine of Per Se , at the Time Warner Center .
Mr. Benno spent much of Tuesday developing a plan with the sous vide guru Bruno Goussault , a food scientist who works with the company best known for industrial - scale sous vide operations , Cuisine Solutions in Alexandria , Va . City officials have yet to approve that plan or any others .
Thomas L. Gregg , the president of Cuisine Solutions , which prepares sous vide meals for airlines and has taught many Manhattan chefs how to use the procedure safely , said he had never heard of such a crackdown before .
But he said that like any technique , it could be dangerous without the proper training .
" Sous vide has become very popular , and the health department is sending a signal out that you need to have the proper protocols in place , " Mr. Gregg said .
The technique has also become popular with adventurous home cooks , some of whom have been using the sorts of vacuum - sealing devices sold on television , like Seal - a - Meal .
Thomas Keller , the chef at Per Se and at the French Laundry in Yountville , Calif. , will be coming out with a sous vide cookbook soon .
The technique was first developed in France in the late 1960's .
Even as it became widely used by airlines , hotel chains and other institutions , concerns were raised about possible bacterial contamination .
But this seems to be the first time that health concerns have been raised about its use in restaurant kitchens .
Officials say they began looking into sous vide last summer after an article in The New York Times magazine described how Mr. Pralus and Mr. Goussault brought sous vide out of the clinical realm of industrial food production and into the controlled chaos of restaurant kitchens .
Why Are n't The Telcos Paying Google For Making Their Network Valuable ?
from the just - wondering dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Over the last few months , we 've seen the heads of the remaining telcos talk about how Google and other big internet companies should be paying them extra and how they were getting getting a free lunch .
As plenty of people have pointed out ( repeatedly ) , all of these companies pay their bandwidth bills , so if there are complaints , they should be directed there .
More importantly , the telcos need to realize that people are n't just paying to connect to the middle of the network , but to connect the ends to each other .
In other words , the internet connection is valuableGoogle , Vonage and the othersfor them .
Breaking that up and getting rid of network neutrality hurts the value of the connection the telcos are trying to sell .
This is why it makes sense for any of these companies to call the telcos ' bluff and refuse to pay .
Tom Evslin , who 's an ex-telco exec himself , points out today that you can extend this argument much further .
Since these sites and services make the telcos ' network that much more valuable , should n't the telcos pay Google , Vonage , Apple and others for adding that value that makes customers want to buy an internet connection ?
In fact , as he points out , that 's exactly how it works in the video business .
Verizon just worked out a deal whereby they 'reCBS to be able to carry CBS on their new IPTV offering .
It 's hard to see how Verizon can argue that it makes sense for them to pay CBS , but that Google should pay them .
In both cases , it 's about adding content or services to theto make it valuable enough for consumers to sign up .
Evslin points out ( as we have in the past as well ) that none of this is an issue if there 's real competition .
The fact that we 're seeing these threats ( even if the telcos are trying to backtrack a little ) suggests that the telcos do n't see themselves in a competitive market when it comes to internet connectivity .
This blog is currently unavailable , but do n't worry !
Possible reasons for the unavailability :
it may have been on one of our oldest server , in which case it can be upgraded !
, in which case it can be upgraded !
the blogger may have requested their blog be suspended / deleted
abandonment ( more than a year without any activity ) we are attempting to clear out abandoned blogs which are prone to being hacked .
( more than a year without any activity ) illegal activity ( Weblogs.us strives to comply with all laws )
the blog may have been using an outdated version of WordPress that has security vulnerabilities
IMPORTANT NOTE :
If this is your blog and you feel your blog should be available , please let us know !
You can contact us via email at support AT weblogs.us
PS Don't worry !
When a blog is unavailable we normally keep full backups of the database and files associated with the blog .
Best regards ,
Weblogs.us LLC Administrators
当たり前のように語られる「テレビ離れ」。しかし、私はその数字上の根拠を見たことがありません。というわけで、テレビ離れについてのデータを集めてみると、なんとも意外な結論が……。今日は、テレビが私たちにくれるものについて考えます。
いやあ、いきなり自分語りから入って申し訳ありませんけど、なかなか共感できる文章ですねえ。私自身、まったくテレビを見ない人間でして、なんせ、過去1年間に電源の入ったブラウン管を眺めた総時間は20時間にも届かぬありさま。それでも今年はワールドカップイヤーなので、平年より多いってんですから。
これは、いわゆる 「テレビ離れ」というやつですな。wikipediaにも「テレビ離れ」という項目が立っているぐらいですし、テレビというのはすっかり斜陽文化なのです。Web2.0万歳！
しかし、こ のWikipediaの記事をよく読んでみますと、テレビ離れを裏付けるデータが掲載されていないことに気づきます。あらら、弘法にも筆の誤りですな。私が代わりに探してあげようじゃありませんか。
まず見つけたのが、木村剛さんのブログ「週刊！木村剛」です。ここに、バシッと書いてありますよ！
「 事実としてテレビ視聴率は低下している」とね！
で、根拠として次のような数字が挙げられています。「昔は、視聴率が３０％を超える番組がざらに存在したが、８月３０日から９月５日の１週間の視聴率ランキングを見ても、最高は２３．３％のＮＨＫニュース７となっており、３０％を超える番組は見当たらない。」
……うーん、正直、テレビ離れというには、ちょっと根拠が薄弱すぎませんかコレ。確かに、昔のほうが高視聴率を叩き出す怪物番組は多かったわけですが、今では国民の好みも多様化してますし、番組全体の質が全体的に上がれば、一つの番組に視聴者が集中することがなくなるので、頂上が低くなるのは自然だと思うですけど？
というか、なんでそんなまわりくどい数字を出すのでしょうか。もっと単純に年間テレビ視聴時間の平均とか、視聴率の年間平均値を出せばすむ話ではないでしょうか。
といわけで、探してまいりました。総務省の情報通信統計データベースから、ラジオ及びテレビジョン平均視聴時間量の推移（Excelファイル）です！
ここには、昭和61年から平成17年までの「テレビの平均視聴時間量」が載ってます。みなさまのどんぐりまなこをかっぽじってよく見てください！
テレビ視聴時間が順調に増えていることが分かると思います！ いえー
… …え。 増えてるの ？
あー、増えてますね。昭和61年は平日の視聴時間の平均が、3時間14分。これが平成17年には、3時間56分になっています。途中に特に大きな波もありません。増えてます。
はなはだ納得のいかない結果です。捏造だね！
こういうデータは捨てるのが一番。もっと自分の主張に都合のいいデータがどこにあるはずです。だいたい政府の広報資料など
最初 （ はな ） っから信用できないのです 。
というわけで、今度はビデオリサーチの公式サイトに行ってみましょう。視聴率と言えば、なんといってもビデオリサーチです。特に昨今は、衛星放送の台頭、ビデオ録画やパソコンによる視聴など、いわゆる「視聴率」に加算されない視聴形態が増えています。ということは、当然視聴率もぶりぶり減っているのに違いありません。
ビデオリサーチのサイトでは、データベースにアクセスしようとするとパスワードの入力を求められます。そのときは、ユーザ名に" guest" 、パスワードに" guestpass"で開くはずです。ダメなら、FAQのコーナーにあるやり方で入ってください。
まずは、94年から00年の平均総世帯視聴率を見てみます。94年が45.8％、その6年後の00年が45.1％です（関東地区）。……む、大して減っていませんな。02年から04年の平均総世帯視聴率は別のページです。04年の平均総世帯視聴率は44.6％。……わずかに落ちていますが、10年間で1％程度の減少でしかありません。
残念ですが、これで 「テレビ離れ」をうたうのは、はっきり言って無理というものです。……くやしいっ。いったいどうして？
ポクはこんなにがんばったのに！
日大芸術学部放送学科のサイトにその理由が考察してありました。それによると「視聴時間はここ10年間ですこしづつ増えています。その理由は高齢化で、年齢層が高い人ほどテレビ視聴時間が長くなるためです」とあります。なるほど！
お年寄りが見ているわけですね！
やっぱり、ボクら のWikipediaは正しかったのです。Wikipediaにはテレビ離れの背景として「塾・予備校通いの増加」が挙げられていました。つまり、ゆとり教育の導入による学校週5日制が学力低下を招き、それが親たちの不安を誘って私立受験を加熱させ、それに伴う塾通いが子供のテレビ視聴時間を減らしていたのです！
なんだか桶屋が儲かってるような気分になってきましたが、気のせいです！
実際、ビデオリサーチのサイトには、02-04年の年齢別視聴時間平均が掲載されていますが、こいつを見てくれ、どう思う？
2002年に4〜12歳児の1日のテレビ視聴時間は2時間52分でしたが、2003年には2時間42分と急激に減っているのです。2002年といったら、公立校に完全週5日制が導入された年じゃないですか！
すごく、都合のいいデータです……（うっとり）。
ところで、それ以前の子供たちのテレビ視聴時間はどうだったのでしょうか？
ネット上にビデオリサーチのものが発見できなかったので、残念ながら別ソースになりますが、学研の小学生白書がありまして、これによると、受験学年である6年生は、84年の時点で1日のテレビ視聴時間が2時3分だったのですが、94年になると2時間31分になっています。めっちゃ増えてるがな！
大変言いにくいことですが、ここ数年の傾向だけ見て、子供のテレビ視聴時間が減っているという結論を出すのは、平成に入ってからのデータだけ使って少年の凶悪犯罪が増えたと主張するのと、あんまり変わんない気がします。ちなみに、「え、少年の凶悪犯罪って増えてんでしょ？」と思った方は、上記リンク先を100万回音読することをオススメします。
もっとも、ビデオリサーチと学研では調査方法が異なるので直接比較はできません。ですが、学校5日制が部分的に開始されたのが92年ですので、少なくとも、いわゆる私立受験ブームとテレビ視聴時間の減少を結びつけるのは、もうちょっとデータが必要みたいです。だいたい、学校の授業時間が減ればテレビを見る時間が増えるのは当たり前ですし。
そろそろ、ズバッと言ってしまいましょう。「テレビ離れ」という現象は、少なくとも視聴時間・視聴率という数字上には、存在していないのです。
じゃあ、どこにあるんだよ！？ と言われても、私は困ります。やっぱり、それは、みなさんの心の中じゃないですか？（←いいこと言った！）
しかし、なんだか腑に落ちない話です。例えば、インターネットの普及はどうなんでしょうか？
ネットにかける時間が増えれば、当然テレビを見る時間は減るはずです。だって、1日は24時間なんだぜベイベー？ それはどうよ？
ところが、あいにくなことに、今年6月に株式会社インタースコープが発表した資料によると、インターネット利用時間が長い層ほど、テレビ視聴時間も長いんですよ。なんだってー！
これは実に不可解な現象に見えますが、よく考えると当然です。だって、インターネットってコミュニケーションの道具ですよね。で、我々ってば、特定の誰かとコミュニケーションするとき、どんな「話題」を選びますか？
「 相手が知ってること」ですよね。じゃあ、インターネットで不特定多数とコミュニケーションするときは何を話題にしましょうか？
そりゃあ、「みんなが知ってること」ですよね。
kizasi.jpという「今日ブログで話題になったこと」を抽出してくれるサイトがあります。200万人以上のブログを調べて、話題にされた単語を数えてくれています。そのkizasi.jpの今月のランキングを見てみましょう。
この文章を書いている時点で、1位は「山岸範宏」（サッカー選手です）、2,3,4位は「亀田戦 」
「 ファン・ランダエタ 」 「世界タイトルマッチ」、5位は「夏休み突入」で、6位は「プール事故」、7位が「ブスカワ」です。「ブスカワ」ってのは、フジテレビで放送されたSMAPの番組が出典の言葉であるらしいようだそうですな。いや、私テレビ見てないんで。
さて、これらの情報を、ブログの書き手さんたちは、どっから入手したんでしょうか。5位の「夏休み突入」などを除けば、ほとんどすべてテレビではないでしょうか？
だいたい日本人にとって、コミュニケーションというのは、情報の伝達ではありません。共感の確かめあいです。だから、例えば天候の話題のような、だれでも知っているネタが選ばれるのです。
出典を忘れましたが、ある学者がアメリカに言ったときのことです。その学者は同僚に気を遣って、「寒くなったねえ」とか「ようやく暖かくなったねえ」とかちょくちょく話しかけるようにしていたのですが、ある日同僚に聞かれたそうです。「なあ、お前は、気温のことばかり話しているが、どこか体の具合でも悪いのか？ 」 全力でノオオォォ！ これだからワビサビの理解できない外国人は困るのです。皆殺しにすべきです。
こういう日本人の性質からして、みんなが知ってるテレビの話題をネットで行うというのは、自然な流れでしょう。実際ブログではテレビで放送されたことが主な話題になっているのです。ネット普及によるテレビ離れなどとんでもないっつう話ですよ。
アメリカはどうでしょうか？ インターネットの普及は日本よりだいぶ先行していました。例えば、産経新聞にこんな記事がありました。「広告主の“ テレビ離れ” 防ぐ 米で 「 ＣＭ視聴率」提供へ」。ネット広告と違い、テレビ広告では実際に視聴者がCMを見たかどうか分からない、という広告主の不安解消が目的です。ほーら、「テレビ離れ」じゃんか！
やっぱり正義は最後に勝つんだ！
はい、御主人様、ニールセンのデータでございます。これによりますと、アメリカ人のテレビ視聴時間はめちゃくちゃ順調に増加しています（リンク先、英語pdf）。91-92年に1日7時間5分だった1世帯のテレビ視聴時間は、04-05年には8時間11分にまで増えています。むしろ、これ増えすぎじゃね？
そもそもですね、私の感覚ですと、日本の小学生が1日に3時間近くテレビを見る、という時点で、テレビ離れなど心配している場合じゃない。なんか間違ってるのです。その小学生宅に変態仮面のコスプレで乱入して、親を説教したい気持ちでいっぱいです。テレビ視聴時間と子供の語彙量には負の相関があることは各種調査で分かってんだよ！ こっちが困んだボユゲ！
ともかくですね、私の調べた範囲では、「テレビ離れ」などというものは、現時点ではっきり数字に現れている現象とは言えない、というのが結論です。
しかし、私は、ほぼ間違いなく、将来若年層のテレビ離れは進むものと思います。それは、ネットとかネータイとかの影響を考えなくても簡単に分かります。少子高齢化が進むからです。
今後、テレビのコンテンツは、どんどん老人向けになっていくはずです。単に人口が増えるだけでなく、これから出現する老人は人生の大部分を消費社会の中で生きてきた人々です。要するにCMを打てば金を使ってくれる可能性が高い。ですから、若者向けの番組は少しずつ減っていくでしょう。そして、テレビはだんだん大人の、やがて老人のためのメディアになっていくのです。まあ、これは妄想のたぐいかもしれませんが。
しかし、滅びゆくテレビ、というのはなかなかしみじみいたします。
かつて紙芝居とい う 「メディア」があったことはご存じでしょう。今では、ノスタルジックな印象しかない紙芝居ですが、NTTドコモのサイトによれば、紙芝居のピークは1952年、たかだか50年前です。ちなみに、このサイトによると、かつて紙芝居は、教育上有害な低俗メディアとして批判されていたそうです。まったく、人間ってのはいつの時代も同じようなことをやっているものですな。
ならばテレビも、いつかは紙芝居のように、その存在を懐かしく思い出す、などという日が来るのかもしれません。それも、私がまだ生きているうちに。
「 おじいちゃん、これなに？ 」 「これはね、テレビというものだよ。これがチャンネルと言ってね…… 」「 えー！ たったこれだけしかないのー？ 」
「あはは、テレビはねえ、番組が放送される時間に画面の前にいなきゃいけなかったんだよ」
「えー、へんなのー！」……
もし、本当に、テレビのあった時代を懐かしく思い出すとしたら、たぶんその感慨は、「あの頃は、みんなが同じ時代を生きていたなあ」というものになるであろうと個人的には思いますが、どうでしょうか。テレビは情報を伝えるメディアじゃないのです。テレビはきっと、自分たちは、同じ時の中にいる、ということを確認するメディアなのです。
Tom Engelhardt Interviews Mark Danner Tom Engelhardt Interviews Mark Danner
On a cloudless day , the sky a brilliant , late - afternoon blue , my car winds its way up the Berkeley hills .
Plum and pear trees in glorious whites and pinks burst into sight at each turn in the road .
Beds of yellow flowers , trees hung with lemons , and the odd palm are surrounded by the green of a northern California winter , though the temperature is pushing 70 degrees .
An almost perfectly full moon , faded to a tattered white , sits overhead .
Suddenly , I take a turn and start straight up , as if into the heavens , but in fact towards Grizzly Peak before turning yet again into a small street and pulling up in front of a wooden gate .
You swing it open and proceed down a picturesque stone path through the world ’s tiniest grove of redwoods toward the yellow stucco cottage that was only recently the home of Nobel - Prize - winning poet Czeslaw Milosz , but is now the home — as yet almost furniture - less — of journalist Mark Danner , who has said that , as a young writer in search of “ a kind of moral clarity , ” he gravitated toward countries where “ massacres and killings and torture happen , in the place , that is , where we find evil . ”
Danner greets me at the door which , thrown open , reveals a bay window with a dazzling vista of the Golden Gate Bridge and San Francisco Bay and through which the sun blazes goldenly .
In a rumpled dark shirt and slacks , he ushers me out onto a small stone patio .
“ This is where the deer hang out , ” he says and points to a small area just beyond our chairs where the grass is slightly pressed down .
“ They lie there contemplating me as I pace on the other side of the bay window .
I feel like their ping pong game . ”
Facing this peaceable kingdom , Danner has a slightly distracted , out - of - the - washer - but - not - the - drier look to him , except for his face , strangely unmarked , which would qualify as lighting up ( even without the sun ) .
He beams in such a welcoming way and there is in him something — in this setting at least — that makes it almost impossible to believe he has reported from some of the least hospitable , most dangerous spots on the planet over the last decades : Haiti in the 1980s , war - torn Yugoslavia in the 1990s , and Iraq , which he ’s visited three times in recent years , among other spots .
He has covered the world for the New Yorker , the New York Times Magazine , and especially the New York Review of Books ( whose editors have been kind enough to let a number of his pieces be posted at Tomdispatch.com ) .
Danner is now an expert on the torture practices of the U.S. military , the CIA , and the Bush administration ( and his primer on the subject , Torture and Truth : America , Abu Ghraib and the War on Terror , is a must for any bookshelf ) .
A professor at the Graduate School of Journalism at the University of California , Berkeley , his cup of tea seems to be dicey American foreign - policy situations .
His book - writing career began with a now - classic volume , The Massacre at El Mozote , in which he traveled to El Salvador for the exhumation of an infamous site where over 750 Salvadorans were massacred by U.S. trained troops during Ronald Reagan ’s first year in office .
A new book of his recent writings , The Secret Way to War , is due out in April .
We seat ourselves , a makeshift table with my tape recorders between us , and turning away from the slowly sinking sun , simply plunge in .
Tomdispatch : I wanted to start with an area of expertise for you , torture policy .
For me , the Bush administration ’s decision to enter this arena so quickly after 9/11 was a reach for power .
If you can torture , you can do anything .
Mark Danner :
When you look at the record , the phrase I come back to , not only about interrogation but the many other steps that constitute the Bush state of exception , state of emergency , since 9/11 is “ take the gloves off . ”
We hear this again and again .
The interesting thing about that phrase is the implication that before we had the gloves on , that the laws and principles that constitute our belief not only in democracy but in human rights left the country vulnerable .
The U.S. adherence to the Geneva Convention , the U.S. record of treating prisoners humanely that goes back to George Washington , laws like the FISA law passed to restrict the government ’s power to surveil its citizens — all of these constitute the gloves on American power and 9/11 signaled to those in power that the system with “ the gloves on ” was insufficient to protect Americans .
That seems to be their belief .
As you know , very shortly after 9/11 , the then - White House counsel [ Alberto Gonzales ] proposed to President Bush that provisions of the Geneva Conventions had been rendered obsolete , even quaint , by this quote “ new paradigm . ”
The Geneva Conventions , the Convention against Torture , and the federal statutes against torture — these undertakings by the U.S. — represented restrictions that would unduly hobble the country in fighting the war on terror and , by extension , threaten[ed ] the existence of the United States .
And I think that ’s where torture — “ extreme interrogation ” is the euphemism — goes to the heart of the reaction against the way this country has observed human rights in the past , a reaction in a way against law itself .
What we have here is a conflict between legality and power .
Torture is a very direct route from human rights , which is to say , restricted power , to unleashed power .
We see a movement here backwards from ideals that were at the root of this country ’s founding during the enlightenment : the restriction of government power and the conviction that human beings had certain inherent rights , one of which was the freedom from cruel and inhuman treatment .
Under this way of looking at the matter , those enlightenment ideals embodied in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution , which were given to Americans , were extended through the Geneva Conventions , through the Convention against Torture , to all people — and the administration , in pushing extreme interrogation , in going from a secret abuse of power to a public one …
TD : Was n’t it really less an abuse of power than a proclamation of power ?
Danner : Exactly .
In what I ’ve started to call Bush ’s state of exception , we ’ve now reached the second stage .
Many of these steps , including extreme interrogation , eavesdropping , arresting aliens — one could go down a list — were taken in relative or complete secrecy .
Gradually , they have come into the light , becoming matters of political disputation ; and , insofar as the administration ’s political antagonists have failed to overturn them , they have also become matters of accepted practice , which is where I think we are now .
As we sit here , we are approaching the two - year anniversary of the publication of the Abu Ghraib photographs .
It would have been the very unusual observer , on seeing those photographs in April 2004 , who would have predicted two years later that extreme interrogation would , in effect , have become accepted within the CIA .
And though the Senate passed an amendment that forbade it , the President replied with a signing statement that essentially reserved his right to violate that amendment according to his supposed powers as commander - in - chief .
In effect , the President claims to believe that his wartime powers give him carte blanche to break the law in any sphere where he decides national security is involved .
An added element is the elevation of Samuel Alito to the Supreme Court .
The only countervailing power we ’ve seen since 9/11 really lay in the June 2004 Supreme Court detention decisions .
In one of them , Justice O’Connor declared that the President ’s power in wartime was not a blank check .
Now , she ’s been replaced by an admitted believer in a “ unitary executive . ”
It was Alito when he was at the Justice Department who strongly pushed the strategy of presidential signing statements as a way to mitigate congressional assertions of power .
TD : Were n’t you struck by the fact that , of all the things top Bush officials did , their urge toward torture , toward taking the gloves off , was first and fastest ?
It was an impulse at the top .
Danner : I think that ’s an interesting way to put it , an impulse at the top .
The President and the Vice President have said that , after 9/11 , they asked the national security and law enforcement bureaucracies to come to them with proposals .
What should the U.S. do ?
Look , it ’s time to take the gloves off and every one of you has to show me the way to do it .
General [ Michael ]
Hayden said in an interview just the other night that , with the NSA eavesdropping program , he was responding to a request from the White House .
TD : Was n’t it Rumsfeld , when they were “ interviewing ” John Walker Lindh , the American Taliban , in Afghanistan , who actually told the interrogators to take the gloves off ?
Danner : According to a Newsweek report , Rumsfeld had someone essentially telephone the interrogators :
Do what you have to do .
Go as far as you have to go .
Creating Reality
TD : Torture has n’t exactly been absent from U.S. government policy in our lifetimes , but one difference , it seems to me , is the degree to which our leaders have been involved .
I think Rumsfeld was getting reports on the Lindh interrogation by the hour .
Danner :
When we look at the techniques used by the CIA , these things go back a ways .
Alfred McCoy and others have written about this .
These techniques of torture , developed in the 1950s and 1960s , are reappearing .
There is one very important difference : the explicit official approval and the determination to defend these techniques in the case of public exposure and public controversy .
And torture has survived its exposure — a critical difference .
The clear evidence of intent at the very top of the government is also striking .
At a certain point , of course , you have to get into the realm of the psycho-political , which is a very mushy realm .
TD : Let ’s do it anyway .
Danner :
The central question here is :
Why did we have the kind of response we did after 9/11 ?
The Bush administration , which professed itself so strong on national security , had let the United States suffer the most catastrophic attack on its territory in history .
We have to remind ourselves of the effect of this .
Remember , their major security programs were the Strategic Defense Initiative and confronting China .
They thought that terrorism , which they did n’t care about , was a matter for sissies .
Like humanitarian intervention , the threat posed by non-state actors — and many other concerns of the previous administration — all this stuff was , as they saw it , a kid ’s view of national security , so they ignored it .
And afterwards they knew very well that reports existed showing how they had ignored it , most notably the PDB [ Presidential Daily Briefing ] that was famously entitled “ Bin Laden determined to strike in US . ”
This was a very human thing .
Having proclaimed how strong they were on national security , they were attacked .
I think that accounted , to some degree , for the ferocity of the counterattack .
You do n’t need to get too deep to see that .
When you look at this idea of the gloves coming off , the implication is very much exculpatory .
They ’re saying , in effect :
Before the gloves were on , so we were n’t able to detect and prevent this attack .
General Hayden has explicitly said , had this [ NSA warrantless eavesdropping ] program been in place , we would have prevented 9/11 .
There ’s no evidence of that , but when you talk about the psycho-political roots of this stuff , I think it ’s very revealing .
It also dovetails with the concerns of several prominent officials , especially Rumsfeld and Cheney , that the government had been unduly hobbled during the late Vietnam War era .
Cheney has said this explicitly .
We ’re talking about the War Powers Resolution , which was passed in 1973 .
FISA is out of the same complex of political concerns , though it was passed under Carter .
TD : They chafed under FISA in the Reagan era .
Danner :
Oh , indeed they did .
Then there were the Church and Pike hearings of the mid-1970s , which , in their view , disabled the CIA .
So part of this has to do with righting wrongs that they believe were committed in an earlier and very traumatic time in their lives .
Rumsfeld was Secretary of Defense just after the Vietnam War .
Cheney was chief of staff in a White House that was under siege .
So history is coming back to haunt this era in a personal and vivid way .
TD : You ’ve often quoted a piece in which reporter Ron Suskind is told by an unidentified senior administration official that he’s in the “ reality - based community , ” after which that official says something striking : “ We ’re an empire now and when we act we create our own reality . ”
Care to comment ?
Danner : I think that quote is immensely revealing .
It underlines their policies in all kinds of areas , their belief that the overwhelming or preponderant power of the United States can simply change fact , can change truth .
It is quite indicative of their policy of public information inside the United States .
They do n’t care about people who read the New York Times , for instance .
I use that as a shorthand .
They do n’t care about people concerned with facts .
They care about the broader arc of the story .
We sit here constantly citing facts — that they ’ve broken this or that law , that what they originally said turns out not to be true .
None of this particularly interests them .
What interests them is the larger reality believed by the 50.1 % that they need to govern .
Kenneth Duberstein said this recently — he was chief of staff to Ronald Reagan — that this administration is unique in that they govern with 50.1 % .
He was referring not to elections but to popularity while governing .
His notion was that Reagan would want to get 60 to 65 % backing him , while the Bush people want a bare majority , which means they have a much more extremist policy because they ’re appealing to the base .
It makes them very hard - knuckle when approaching politics , simply wanting the base plus one .
On empire , what ’s unusual about this administration is n’t only its focus on power , but on unilateralism .
It ’s the flip side of isolationism .
The notion that alliances , economic or political , and international law inevitably hinder the most powerful nation .
You know , the image of the strings around Gulliver .
They said in the National Security Strategy of the United States , the 2005 version , that rivals will continue to challenge us using the strategies of the weak including “ international fora , judicial processes , and terrorism . ”
They ’re associating terror and asymmetric warfare with international law as similar ways to blunt the overwhelming power of the United States .
That represents an attitude toward international law and institutions that , I think , is a real and dramatic break from past practice in the United States .
In our history , certainly recently , there ’s just no comparison to them — no government anywhere near as radical .
TD : They ’re really extreme American nationalists , though you ca n’t use that word in this country .
Danner :
That ’s true , and they combine with this belief in great - power America an almost nativist distrust of international institutions .
That ’s the difference between Truman America and this regime in its approach to foreign policy .
They put international institutions in a similar class with terrorism — that is , weapons of the weak
TD : Weapons of mass interference .
Danner : I should add that , in my view , the era of neocon leadership is clearly coming to an end .
The impression that they were ever entirely in control is wrong in any event and the vanguard of the neocons has obviously been blunted by the great failure of Iraq — because their assumption of preponderant American power turned out not to be true .
Napoleon had this wonderful line that you can do anything with a bayonet except sit on it .
Military power is good for blowing things up ; it ’s good for destroying things .
It ’s not good for building a new order .
It takes a great deal more power , skill , and patience to construct an enduring order in Iraq .
The United States does n’t have sufficient power ; it does n’t have the skill ; and we know it does n’t have the patience .
One part of the Axis of Evil has been occupied — you can think of it as the part of the Axis that has sacrificed itself to make way for the greater freedom ( freedom from attack , freedom perhaps to build nuclear weapons ) of North Korea and Iran .
Although I think the U.S. has dealt with Iran rather cleverly in the last few months , they ’re playing a very weak hand .
After all , the use of military force against Iran is now out of the question in large part because of the disaster next door in Iraq and the way Iran ’s hand has been strengthened by that disaster .
TD : Here ’s my hesitation :
If these people are pushed to the wall , I could construct a scenario for you , I believe , in which Iran , crazy as it might seem , could be hit .
Danner :
The difference we have on this just has to do with how willing we are to imagine the utter irrationality of the administration .
When I look at Iran now , the upside of a military strike of a kind that they could do , with aerial bombardment , and the downside of such a step seems obviously to be so wildly out of proportion , I ca n’t believe even they would take that step .
The Age of Frozen Scandal
TD : You ’ve talked about our current American world as one of “ frozen scandal , ” an interesting phrase .
When you first used it , we were in the Downing Street Memo scandal and nothing was happening .
Now , we ’re immersed in the NSA and other scandals and nothing is happening …
Danner :
The icebergs are floating by .
I ’ve used the phrase to indicate that a process of scandal we ’ve come to know , with an expected series of steps , has come to an end .
Before , you had , as step one , revelation of wrongdoing by the press , usually with the help of leaks from within an administration .
Step two would be an investigation which the courts , often allied with Congress , would conduct , usually in public , that would give you an official version of events .
We saw this with Watergate , Iran - Contra , and others .
And finally , step three would be expiation — the courts , Congress , impose punishment which allows society to return to some kind of state of grace in which the notion is , look we ’ve corrected the wrongdoing , we can now go on .
With this administration , we ’ve got revelation of torture , of illegal eavesdropping , of domestic spying , of all kinds of abuses when it comes to arrest of domestic aliens , of inflated and false weapons of mass destruction claims before the war ; of cronyism and corruption in Iraq on a vast scale .
You could go on .
But no official investigation follows .
TD : You get revelation and repetition .
Danner : Yes , R and R .
It ’s been three years since the invasion and occupation of Iraq and there ’s been no official investigation of how the administration made use of intelligence to suggest that the intelligence agencies were certain Iraq had weapons of mass destruction .
Now , the consequence of this is that we live with the knowledge of these scandals , published in newspapers , magazines , books , but we get no official acknowledgement of wrongdoing and no punishment .
Perhaps in the end a handful of people will be punished …
TD : … minor figures …
Danner : … who were silly enough to get themselves caught — for example , the military police whose images appear in the Abu Ghraib digital pictures .
The actual policymakers responsible for the change in interrogation policy will suffer no punishment whatsoever .
In fact , they ’re still in their jobs .
None of the investigations has reached them .
Even the people who actually carried on the interrogations themselves we know very little about .
TD : You ’ve interviewed some interrogators , have n’t you ?
Danner : Indeed , and I ’ve had from them accounts of some of the things that were done .
The great problem in the Age of Frozen Scandal is that it ’s as if we ’re this spinning wheel , constantly confirming facts that we already knew , so the revelations become less and less effective in causing public outrage .
The public begins to become inured to it , corrupted in its turn .
TD : I ’m going to suggest something grimmer .
In what ’s likely to be the dirtiest election any of us has experienced , if the Democrats actually took one house of Congress in November 2006 and begin to investigate , I think you ’d enter the era of frozen investigation .
The administration will claim commander - in - chief rights .
Danner :
That ’s a good prediction .
The Bush administration is already stonewalling extremely timid Republican - led committees when it comes to the response to Hurricane Katrina or NSA eavesdropping .
If the Democrats do take control of a house of Congress and mount real investigations , on the one hand , they ’ll be very circumspect because they ’ll be concerned about jeopardizing their chances in the elections of 2008 .
On the other hand , you ’ll have the overwhelming claim of commander - in - chief power which could completely handcuff investigations .
TD : I came across this sentence today in a piece on the Plame case .
“ A spokesman for Cheney would not comment for this story , saying the investigation into the leak was ongoing .
The spokesman refused to give her name . ”
Danner : ( laughs ) A secret spokesman .
TD : So you ’ve got secrecy , lying , and a third thing you ’ve brought up before , a bizarre kind of frankness .
I was wondering if you could talk about that .
Danner :
There ’s been an interesting ambivalence in the administration when it comes to all these actions they ’ve taken in the name of national security — between the impulse to deny and stonewall and the impulse to come forward and very boldly assert that they took such actions in the name of national security .
You see it in eavesdropping , where Karl Rove has clearly indicated a preference for declaring , in a very clever response to the NSA revelation , “ If al - Qaeda is talking to someone in the United States we want to know about it .
Apparently some Democrats do n’t . ”
Which is basically to say :
If you ’re concerned about this , you ’re weakening the United States .
All this human rights , Fourth Amendment stuff is so much hooey .
In essence , this is an assault on the Bill of Rights .
The Bill of Rights is in the Constitution because the framers understood that a lot of these rights , especially when under pressure in wartime , are not particularly popular .
So they were put in permanently , so as not to be subject to majority control or majority abnegation .
It ’s politics of the most savagely bare - knuckle and dangerous kind when you use that gap between the country ’s precepts as embodied in the Constitution and the fact that many of these become unpopular in time of war to destroy your political opponents , which is what this administration does .
There are many in the administration who want to come out four - square for these things .
You saw that impulse also with interrogation .
They could have come out after Abu Ghraib — there were hints of this — and said , “ Yes , there are a few bad apples , but yes , we use extreme interrogation , we do it to defend the country . ”
And if they ’d done this , they might have pumped up a majority who would , for example , have supported waterboarding .
When I talk about these matters , there ’s an ambivalence on my part as well because one becomes extremely upset that they ’re lying in public and doing these things in secret and denying them ; but , on the other hand , I fear the kind of populist technique they could use if they declared these policies openly to rally support for themselves .
All this , of course , begs the question of a second attack .
It ’s the assumption of many people that a second attack would punch through everything , that there ’d be a much more explicit assumption of powers .
TD : And do you believe this ?
Danner :
It ’s quite possible , sure .
If it had happened a year after 9/11 , I think that ’s exactly what would have occurred .
Now that time has passed , I ’m not so sure .
They ’re in a much more defensive political position .
It depends on what kind of attack it was , whether it was an attack of a kind that they should have anticipated — that is , one where it was at least conceivable that they should have prevented it .
It ’s Not the Information , It ’s the Politics
TD : It ’s always dangerous to predict the future , but can you imagine , in quite another direction , this administration imploding or unraveling ?
Danner : Well , as in so many things , Yogi Berra had it right : I never make predictions , especially about the future .
When it comes to raw political power , the ramrod backbone of the administration is clearly national security .
9/11 restored to the Republican Party what they had lost with the end of the Cold War — this persistent advantage in national security .
If there is one thing this administration has done brilliantly , ruthlessly , efficiently , it ’s making political use of its war on terror .
It remains to be seen whether they can go to that well one more time in the 2006 election .
There is an opportunity for the Democratic Party , exactly because Americans , after four years of it , are tired of this rhetoric and they ’ve been enlightened by the Iraq war , the response to Hurricane Katrina , and the Medicare debacle among other things to the general incompetence of the administration and to its corruption .
Could the administration unravel ?
The notion many people on the left are putting forward about a move toward impeachment — it ’s hard for me to imagine that .
First of all , we ’re coming to a point in the political calendar where Democrats , as at the time of Iran - Contra , are not going to want impeachment to get in the way of retaking the White House in 2008 .
Democrats also saw what impeachment did to the Republican Party in 1998 .
For the first time in memory in an off - year election in a President ’s second term , the Republicans lost seats — leading , as you ’ll remember , to the abrupt fall of Newt Gingrich .
On the other hand , if the Democrats did take one house of Congress this November , I think there are a number of areas where an investigation could hurt this administration severely , and it ’s hard to predict what the Bush people ’s reaction would be if they found themselves the target of aggressive congressional committees actually investigating officials who faced being charged , convicted , and sent to jail .
Even with Congress actually doing its job , we would confront the central political reality of our time : Terrorism has embedded itself in our political system , which is to say that fear has become the most lucrative political emotion and the administration would retain a considerable power to promote fear .
It has the power to suggest that an attack on the national security bureaucracy is an attack on the safety of the people .
TD : I ’d like to turn to Iraq now by backing up to an earlier moment in your career , a terrible massacre in El Salvador in the 1980s , whose aftermath you reported on , a massacre by Salvadoran troops trained and backed by the United States .
Could you compare that early age of Reagan moment to today , given that so much of the cast of characters has turned out to be the same , including …
Danner : … Elliott Abrams …
TD : … and Cheney , Rumsfeld , Negroponte , and any number of others .
I ’d also like you to consider a more general question :
How does the U.S. get up to its elbows in blood so regularly ?
Danner : Oh boy …
When I look back at the massacre at El Mozote , which happened at the beginning of the Reagan administration , what sticks out is the way it served to signal the renewed determination — of the incoming Reagan officials and the newly defiant Salvadoran military — to draw a line at Salvador and not let that so - called advance of communist interests within the hemisphere continue .
When I compare now and then , I think of the power of a determined government to deny the facts and , if it is ruthless , to make its denials stick .
Because what reverberates now about El Mozote is that two reporters , Raymond Bonner and Alma Guillermoprieto , from the New York Times and the Washington Post , got to that massacre site within a few weeks and filed stories .
These were published on the front pages of the two most powerful newspapers in the country …
TD : … far more so then than now .
Danner : Exactly .
At a time of real dominance by the Times and Post , and the administration came forward , denied the massacres took place , and was able to make its views stick .
And remember we knew that the death squads were being run out of the Salvadoran government ; that the American embassy knew all about this ; that it was the public policy of the American government that this should n’t be happening and that aid would be cut off if it was .
But every time a new outrage took place , the press obligingly reported the denial of the administration , the denial of the embassy in San Salvador that , in fact , they knew anything about the connection of the death squads and the government the United States was supporting .
That leads me to a conclusion I came to then : that in many stories it ’s not the information , it ’s the politics .
It ’s not that we were lacking information .
It ’s that , when that information came out , it was denied and those in power were able to impose their view of reality .
Political power decided what reality was , despite clear information to the contrary .
When I look at our time I see that phenomenon writ large .
It ’s gone way beyond a massacre in a relatively obscure Central American country .
It ’s gone to policies and statements that led the United States to invade a country that had not attacked us , to torture prisoners and deny we ’re doing it even when clear evidence says that we are , to domestic spying in which the government is clearly breaking the law and the President declares that he will continue to do so .
In all these cases , it ’s not the information , it ’s the politics .
This is a hard thing for journalists to admit because the model of journalistic behavior in our era is Watergate .
It ’s very hard for journalists to come to grips with the reality that wrongdoing can indeed be exposed , and continue to be exposed again and again with no result , in a kind of tortuous eternal return .
The Yawning Gap
TD : Apply this to Iraq .
You ’ve been to Iraq three times .
It must be startling to arrive in this described land and see the actual country .
Danner :
One of the striking things about going to Iraq is the extraordinarily large chasm between what people know about the story here and what the story actually is .
First of all , the lurid , security - imposed landscape of the country is very hard to convey to people here : the miles of concrete blast walls , the miles of barbed wire , the constant fear in driving around and trying to report , and the absolute , constant accompaniment of death .
Most of the killings in Iraq are not reported here and yet American viewers think that they ’re seeing the war when what they ’re seeing is a television reporter doing a stand - up on the roof of a heavily guarded hotel , behind blast walls and barbed wire and countless armed guards , who may or may not have exited that hotel that day .
Many reporters are doing extraordinary jobs under horrific conditions , but those conditions make adequate reporting , as we know it , nearly impossible .
The result is that the Iraq we see is a tiny , tiny sliver of a very complex , very violent reality , and the constant repetition of the bad news , of the continual deaths there , has been absorbed by the news system of the United States .
By that I mean , whereas ten deaths might have made the front page of the paper or been not quote “ a tell ” but an actual filmed report on a network newscast , now it takes more death than that .
The country and the news media are gradually absorbing how badly the war has gone so that the normal pace of death there which , had we predicted it before the war , would have been a horrible outcome — an outcome that , had we known , no one would have supported the war in the first place — this horrible outcome has become the baseline that we take for granted .
For the story to occupy the news space , a particularly catastrophic attack is necessary .
Today in the New York Times , there was a striking report about the steady upsurge in the number of attacks since the beginning of the insurgency
This has been inexorable , which shows that the insurgency is growing more formidable , despite all these reports about American and Iraqi successes in the war .
That story appeared on p. A12 of the New York Times .
It was n’t even news .
Accompanying it was a piece about the failure of infrastructure in Iraq .
Though the United States has put roughly $ 16 billion of American money into the Iraqi infrastructure , the number of hours of average electricity available to an inhabitant of Baghdad has gone from 24 hours to 4 .
All the figures on infrastructure point downward , so that if you ’re an Iraqi , you have seen your standard of living steadily decline under the Americans even as you now have a much greater chance of being kidnapped or killed or blown up in an explosion or having your children kidnapped .
Very little of this gets through to Americans .
In fact , the story has generally been migrating off the front pages and becoming a small version of Orwell ’s famed distant and never - ending war between East Asia and Oceania .
I think it ’s widely known at the top of the administration that Iraq is a failure .
It ’s also been recognized by many that , in strategic terms , the Iraq war could turn out to be a catastrophe because it ’s essentially created a Shia Islamist government sympathetic to Iran and , among other things , made it impossible for the U.S. to adequately pressure Iran on the nuclear issue .
The result of this occupation is going to be a reversal of 50 years of American policy in the Gulf , which has been a reliance on the Sunni autocracies in the area .
That policy had an awful lot wrong with it ; its support of those autocracies over many decades certainly helped lead to al - Qaeda and its epigones .
The fact is , though , that the Bush administration has essentially overthrown that policy with nothing to put in its place .
TD : You ’ve written , “ I think I became a writer in part because I found that yawning distance between what I was told and what I could see to be inescapable . ”
Now , that yawning gap is available to everybody .
And we ’re in a strangely demobilized moment , it seems to me .
I was wondering :
If you ’re a reporter , what ’s the story now ?
Remind me ?
Danner :
Thank you ,
Tom , for putting a deeply depressing point in such a deeply depressing way .
I congratulate you on that , and indeed that yawning gap is now available to everyone and it ’s debilitating , partly because one is perilously close to arriving at the conclusion that reality does n’t matter .
When I look at the pieces on the inside pages of the papers about the stealing of funds in Iraq by American officials , when I realize that no one is likely to be punished for this , I think of the novels of [ Milan ] Kundera , of his vivid descriptions of what it was like to live in Eastern Europe in the 1950s and 60s — in the Soviet system where everyone realized the corruption , the abuse of power , the mediocrity of the government , the yawning gap between what was said and what was really going on , but no one could do anything about it .
TD : Are we in a kind of Brezhnev moment ?
Danner : I ’m not sure I would go so far as that because a Brezhnev moment means we ’re talking about a system that has reached its geriatric debility .
I ’m by no means saying that the U.S. now is equivalent to Eastern Europe back then , but there is a similarity in this gap between what you know is true and officially recognized reality — and in the fact that that gap cannot be breached .
On the other hand , the fall in Bush ’s approval ratings , and especially the catastrophic decline in the all - important do - you - think - the - country - is - on - the - right - track question shows that this has had a broad effect among a lot of people .
And I take some comfort from that .
The Democrats are doing very well in a generic poll about who you would want to run the country .
This does n’t mean the mid-term elections will turn out that way , of course .
It does mean people have not been so dulled by fear as not to see that the war has been a mistake and that the administration has done a very bad job when it comes to , say , Katrina or the Medicare program .
At the end of the day , the problem is that there needs to be a political alternative that is in some way viable and believable — and the political elite that opposes this administration has been unable to formulate a believable program in opposition to it .
At the heart of this is the problem of national security .
Since the end of the Vietnam War , in poll after poll the American people say they trust Republicans more than Democrats to protect them .
This is a clich of polling .
At this particular time , it ’s been made worse by a paradox .
If , with great skill , the Democrats attack the Republican handling not just of the Iraq war but of the more general war on terror — and the Bush administration has been brilliant in connecting those two — if the Democrats succeed in doing this , they are , in effect , igniting the overwhelming political emotion of fear .
And the Republicans have been very successful in using fear ; fear , whatever its cause , seems to benefit the Republicans and the self - described strong leadership they offer .
Their basic strategy in the 2004 election was to say : Elect this guy Kerry with his surfboard , and he ’s going to get you killed .
Enough people were willing to believe that then .
It ’s unclear whether that old snake oil will still have as many willing buyers .
I tend to doubt it .
TD : As dusk settles in , let me end this way :
You ’ve reported on some countries in horrific situations over the years .
You wrote somewhere that in State Department parlance they are called TFN , totally f — ked up nations .
Your mother , when you come home , has a tendency to say , “ Ca n’t you go someplace nice for a change ? ”
So here we are on this patio , the sun going down , the Golden Gate Bridge in the background .
This looks nice .
My question is :
Is it nice , or are you now reporting from and teaching in a TFN ?
Danner : [ laughs heartily ]
Oh , you mean , this just a mask , a sunny , picturesque mask over what is , in reality , a totally f — ked up nation ?
Actually , to reach the point of being a TFN , I think we have a long way to go .
We ’re at a very low point in the political evolution of this country .
I ’ve certainly not lived under an administration as radical in its techniques , its methods , and its beliefs as this one .
I ’ve seen nothing like it in my lifetime .
It ’s a difficult time for those of us who care about the truth and who do n’t believe , as I think this administration does , that the truth is actually determined by what those in power think .
I take comfort from the fact that a lot of people do n’t believe that .
There are two borderline dangers here .
One is to go off into a state of political debility in which you think that none of this matters .
To hell with politics , let ’s try to live our lives .
And that ’s a very natural response , to kind of bow out of political engagement , but I think that would be very wrong and very harmful .
The other risk is to equal the administration in their exaggerations and their distortions , in their stunning lack of fidelity to what is happening .
To exaggerate , to overstate , to alter the truth in the cause of a political goal — this , I think , is very tempting … very tempting .
When you see Fox News existing as it does , you want something of the same on the other side .
But I do n’t think that ’s my job and I ’m glad it ’s not the job of a lot of writers and journalists out there .
You asked a little while ago what reporters should do in a time like this .
I think it ’s immensely important that people continue , with great determination , to report what is true , to investigate things like the NSA story , to make a record of all of this .
Because , at the end of the day , that is what reporters do , and that is why their work is so valuable — so , if you ’ll forgive this word , sacred .
They try to tell what actually happened .
As I leave him at the now dark doorway and head up the stone steps to my car , he calls , “ Watch out for the deer !
They tend to be up there at this time of night ! ”
The Best of Tom Engelhardt
I noticed the following Important Message on the top of the page after I added it to my shopping cart : Please note that the price of Apple MacBook Pro MA463LL / A 15.4 " Notebook PC ( 1.83 GHz Intel Core Duo , 512 MB RAM , 80 GB Hard Drive , SuperDrive ) has decreased from $ 1,799.99 to $ 1,699.99 since you placed it in your Shopping Cart .
Items in your cart will always reflect the most recent price displayed on their product detail pages .
Click image to see a larger view
Computing Thoughts
What is Consulting ?
by Bruce Eckel
August 4 , 2005
Summary
A few years ago , close on the heels of the dot - com bust , Rational basically imploded .
IBM felt that there was still value in what was left of the company , and paid an exorbitant amount for the remains .
Advertisement
The company made money by consulting and by selling a software product ( Rose ) that was supposed to help you create UML and thus good programs .
They had produced a series of books on the " Rational Unified Process " ( RUP ) which generally seemed to have reasonable advice .
But advice that appears to be rational does not necessarily solve real design problems , as we saw in the " structured design " movement of the 70's .
This seems to happen over and over in our industry -- it 's easy to focus on one aspect that seems to be " the solution " and miss the big picture , and to produce unintended consequences that eliminate the benefit of what may seem so clear in isolation .
Jon Hopkins created the original Rose program which seemed reasonably good .
This was purchased by Rational , rather than being created within the company .
How is it that a company that purported to teach you how to create good software ended up creating a product ( Rose ) that was so universally reviled ?
Is Rose what eventually destroyed the company , when potential customers asked that same question ?
Is it even possible to scale a consulting operation , without turning it into a body shop ?
Andersen Consulting is another example .
Yes , they provided bodies and I 've talked to some of those bodies who got great value out of the process , but how much value did the client companies get -- or did they just get reasonably competent , medium - term temporary workers ?
This is n't to say that such a service is n't a valuable one , but is it consulting , or does it just assume that name to justify higher fees ?
Lots of people that call themselves consultants do things that I would not personally consider consulting .
I think consulting is when you have some kind of special expertise -- come by through hard struggle and learning -- that you transfer to a group of people , in a relatively short period of time , and in a way that is unique for that group .
I also think that consulting involves addressing particular issues faced by that group .
If it was easy to transfer to someone else , then a client could acquire that expertise without a custom consulting session ( it could be turned into a seminar , for example ) .
Ironically , many consulting firms feel the pressure to grow and make more money , and end up ignoring this principal fact .
Instead , they succumb to simple arithmetic and decide that they need to " scale up " by adding more bodies , pretending that each of these bodies can be imprinted with the experience and hard - learned lessons of the principal consultants .
It becomes clear within the consulting firm that this is n't so , and so the firm , as it grows , must change its perspective about the meaning of the word " consulting . "
And under certain economic conditions ( rampant growth in the industry ) the service provided by this reinvented consulting firm is still valuable .
But it is a far cry from what the original firm offered , although that firm is still charging fees as if each client was getting the services of a principal consultant .
And if the economy turns , as the computer economy has done many times , the consulting firms are the first to fall , as they are the easiest way to cut costs .
It 's tempting to make the analogy to a ponzi scheme , but it 's not that bad .
Both forms of a consulting firm ( first - class consultants only vs. high - tech body shop ) have value .
The problem is the temptation to present the second form as the first , in order to apply the same high fees of the first - class consultant to each additional body added to the shop .
The goal of the company becomes " how do we transfer the aura of authority from the high - image consultant ( s ) to anyone who works for us , so that we can charge the highest fees possible ? "
Or to simplify , at some point the bean - counter mentality takes over and the mission statement of the company goes from " how do we provide the greatest value to the customer ? " to " how do we charge the highest fees possible ? "
( You can argue that this is the fundamental shift that any publicly - held company goes through .
After all , a public company is legally beholden to maximize shareholder value , so how could it be otherwise ? )
Perhaps the problem comes down to this : consulting ( what I consider consulting , anyway ) does n't scale .
For me , it involves a lot of study and struggle , and occasionally I go out and transfer some of what I 've learned to a client .
Because I need to pay for the time I spend on my own while struggling with these ideas , I must charge a premium when I visit a client .
Money , however , is n't the most important form of payment .
An energizing experience is worth a lot more than a high fee .
An interesting project -- especially one using Python -- is always tempting .
Just like the folks who used to work for Andersen Consulting , I often learn a lot by working on a client 's problem , so it would be tempting to say that I could continue learning and make more money by spending more time on the road , and that may be true to a point but it wo n't scale that far .
You have to spend some amount of time recharging your mental batteries .
Gerald Weinberg said that you can only spend three days a week on average doing actual consulting .
You must spend one day a week on marketing , and one day acquiring new knowledge , so that you continue to update the value that you provide .
If you work for yourself or within a small , privately - held group , you can make the decisions that maintain this balance , but as soon as the idea of scaling intrudes ( or perhaps " scaling with the primary objective of amplifying the cash flow of the company " ) , I think the eventual fate of the consulting company is sealed .
Consulting is first and foremost a human activity , and I believe that the primary motivation must be in improving the quality of the client 's experience .
One reason that the consulting fee must be relatively high is that this experience is a rare thing , both for the consultant and for the client , and the consultant is being paid for the unpaid time that he or she invests .
But this form of consulting does n't scale , not even on an individual level .
A consultant who spends all his time on the road is not allowing the time for reading , communicating and reflection that I consider essential to maintain quality .
Installing the same techniques in the same way from company to company is something , and it may have value , but it is n't what I would call consulting .
One of the ironies of consulting is that the goal of the consultant must be to make him or herself obsolete .
You must so effectively transfer your knowledge and solve the client 's problem that they do n't need you anymore .
But when a consulting firm scales up , their primary objective shifts away from providing value to the client towards providing consistent cash flow for the company .
This pushes towards making the customer dependent upon the consulting firm .
One of the things that makes a good consultant unusual is the counter - tendency of not wanting to drift into anything that looks like an employee relationship , despite the promise of consistent cash flow .
What makes me happiest is to see people understand what I give them , put it to work , and show me that they no longer need me .
Here are some articles that have been suggested by readers that relate to this topic :
Joel Spolsky wrote about consulting firms just moments before the dot - com bust , while his company was still consulting to generate money for product development .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 35 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Bruce Eckel adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Bruce Eckel ( www.BruceEckel.com) provides development assistance in Python with user interfaces in Flex .
He is the author of Thinking in Java ( Prentice - Hall , 1998 , 2nd Edition , 2000 , 3rd Edition , 2003 , 4th Edition , 2005 ) , the Hands - On Java Seminar CD ROM ( available on the Web site ) , Thinking in C++ ( PH 1995 ; 2nd edition 2000 , Volume 2 with Chuck Allison , 2003 ) , C++ Inside & Out ( Osborne / McGraw - Hill 1993 ) , among others .
He 's given hundreds of presentations throughout the world , published over 150 articles in numerous magazines , was a founding member of the ANSI / ISO C++ committee and speaks regularly at conferences .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2005 Bruce Eckel .
All rights reserved .
The original sculpture and below the plinth now on display
Hear from the artist
David Hensel , 64 , from East Grinstead , West Sussex , was told the laughing head would be part of the summer exhibition .
But at a preview he found that just a piece of wood intended to support the head was on display on the plinth .
The Academy said the judging panel assumed the two pieces were separate and decided the support was better .
Final decision
Mr Hensel assumed staff had accidentally left the sculpture in the basement where it was being stored .
In a statement , the Academy said Mr Hensel 's work , One Day Closer To Paradise , was submitted as two separate pieces .
" Given their separate submission , the two parts were judged independently .
" It is accepted that works may not be displayed in the way that the artist might have intended . "
It said the head had been safely stored ready to be collected by the artist .
The co-ordinators of the exhibition in Piccadilly , central London , have been called in to make a final decision over whether the head should be returned to its rightful place .
There are two ways one can group all the strategies for Sudoku : by difficulty and by family .
Difficulty is rather subjective but necessary , for example , when selecting the order in which strategies are tried in the solver .
Some strategies will always be easier for some people to spot than others , but I believe I have chosen an ordering which is not too controversial .
So the main documentation has a side menu organised by difficulty .
There is also an article on Brute Force vs Logic
With chaining strategies , there is definitely a theme going through them .
This theme is all about bi-value ( only two candidates left in the same cell ) and bi-location ( only two occurrences of a particular candidate left in the same unit ) pairs and the incredible number of deductions one can make from them .
You will find , if you read through this group , that earlier strategies become part of a more general theory as the theme develops .
Thus , for example , Remote Pairs are a subset of XY - Chains ; that is , XY - Chains is a more general approach of which Remote Pairs are a specific instance .
Do read the introductory articles Introducing Chains and Links and Weak and Strong Links Exotic strategies do overlap with chaining ones , but they have a peculiar flavour of their own and some wonderful , if obscure , logic .
They are definitely worth presenting as a demonstration of people 's ingenuity but you will only need to have recourse to them on the extreme puzzles .
There are naturally special strategies for Jigsaw and Killers because of their differences .
These are now included for the first time on this site .
This strategy list is by no means complete .
Many strategies can be further extended and we do not have a complete theory of all Sudoku puzzles .
If you are interested in the concepts behind creation and grading , there is a PDF document here called Sudoku Creation and Grading .
With the community 's help I hope to extend the documentation here .
For those people wondering why " Escargot " cannot be solved by the solver , there is an article on this special Sudoku here .
This is an early ' ultimate puzzle ' but this crown has been usurped by the puzzle created by Arto Inkala , which is also in the example list .
Like the U.S. , Australia has a growing problem of fundamentalists in politics .
In response , graphic designer , artist , and activist Deborah Kelly has undertaken a large scale public art project in the streets ( skies and train stations ) of Sydney .
From bewareofthegod.com :
“ This site intends to be a resource of diverse material documenting , analyzing , and musing upon the impacts and aspirations of religious literalists in the public sphere .
It is being produced in Australia , in 2005 , so that is its first focus .
However , you will also find here information , ideas and reportage from other places , because even though context is everything , a global phenomenon is also something . ”
The project incorporates multiple media , including :
A 30 second film shown every ten minutes on 42 billboard screens in Sydney train stations , viewable in miniature here [ Quicktime 874 Kb ]
Projections onto clouds over Sydney Harbor :
Distribution of 40,000 free postcard / stickers ( you can mail or peel the front off and stick to your door . )
And essays and analysis posted on the project Web site .
On the site is an open call for further cultural and analytical material .
The effort is backed by the Museum of Contemporary Art in Sydney as part of their biennial Contemporary Australian Art show , this year called Interesting Times .
Related projects from Kelly include a series of posters designed with Tina Fiveash satirizing the right wing regime of “ compulsory heterosexuality ” .
And a series of illustrated matchboxes satirizing the Christian right push in Australia to have muslim women and girls banned from wearing hijab “ because they might be hiding bombs . ”
Kelly and friends made thousands of satirical matchboxes and left them lying around .
Kelly is also involved in a collective challenging the rhetoric of politicians calling refugees ‘ boat people . ’
See more at http://www.boat-people.org/
Though not aligned with a specific organizing campaign , I think such cultural work is important in the battle for hearts and minds .
Fonts designed after this year will be excluded .
You will only be asked questions that can be answered from these letters .
Instructions
Identify a typeface by answering questions about key features .
If your sample text is small you may find it helpful to use a magnifying glass or hand lens .
If you make a mistake you can click in the Questions answered list to review your answer to an earlier question .
If your sample contains a limited set of letters , or you know the date of your sample , use the Filter .
A while ago in my old weblog I posted some Sisc Scheme code to demonstrate a thread migrating from one Sisc session to another .
Since Rhino , the Java based Javascript implementation , has serializable continuations I decided to try porting it to Javascript .
The code demonstrating it is in migrate.js .
Loading this into a Rhino session provides a function called ' messageListener ' that starts up a socket server that listens for incoming objects on a port .
The object should be a function or continuation .
When received it 's called on a seperate thread .
The ' send ' function will send a function to a running message listener .
This can be on the same machine or across the network .
' migrateThread ' will migrate the currently running thread to another message listener , again this could be on another machine across the network .
For example :
Machine A : js> load ( " migrate.js " ) js> messageListener ( 10000 ) Machine B : js> load ( " migrate.js " ) js> messageListener ( 20000 ) js > send ( " host.running.A " , 10000 , function ( ) { print ( " Hello A ! " ) ; } ) ;
This will result in the message ' Hello A ! " appearing on machine A .
The function is serialised , sent across the network and deserialized and called on A .
An example function that does thread migration :
function pingPong ( host1 , port1 , host2 , port2 ) { while ( 1 ) { print ( " ping
" ) ; java.lang.Thread.sleep( 1000 ) ; migrateThread ( host2 , port2 ) ; print ( " pong
" ) ; java.lang.Thread.sleep( 1000 ) ; migrateThread ( host1 , port1 ) ; } }
If run on Machine A , specifying the host and port for machines A and B it will first print ' ping ' , then sleep for 1,000 milliseconds .
Then the thread will migrate to machine B , print ' pong ' , sleep and migrate back to A , etc .
The code has a workaround for the fact that Rhino does n't deserialize and serialize to a stream .
Instead the functions only work on files .
So I serialize to a file first , then read that file and write it to the stream .
For deserialisation it reads from the stream , writes it to a file then deserialises from that file .
For real world code this should be changed to actually operate on the stream itself , or use random temporary files and clean them up afterwards .
To run the code you 'll need to use both js. jar ( The Rhino implementation ) and xbean . jar ( for serializing some of the Javascript objects ) .
An easy way of just getting these to try it out is to use the jars from the Server Side Javascript example and run it with :
java - cp js.jar:xbean.jar org.mozilla.javascript.tools.shell .Main
For Windows , replace the ' :' with a ' ; ' .
This was one of the things I talked about and demonstrated at the Unenterprisey Languages Meeting in Wellington on Saturday .
Learning Python : Child 's Play with RUR - PLE !
Learning to program computers should be fun , for adults and children alike .
RUR - PLE is an environment designed to help you learn computer programming using the language Python .
Within an artificial world in which a robot can be programmed to perform various tasks , you will learn what it means to write a computer program , using Python 's syntax .
You will also be able to apply your programming skills in a more traditional environment using the built - in interpreter .
If these words do n't mean much to you for now , do n't worry .
While learning to program can be fun , it does require some work on your part .
I will be your guide , so that you can learn on your own ; however , you will not learn if you do not write your own programs .
This is important enough that you should take it as a rule to follow .
Rule # 1
Learning about computer programming is like learning to play a musical instrument : you have to do it , not simply read about it .
The second thing you need to know is the most important , best - kept secret for writing good computer programs .
Rule # 2
Write your computer programs to make them easy for people to read .
That 's right , write your computer programs so that other people , just like you , would find them easy to read on their own .
Yes , computer languages are designed to allow you to communicate with computers , just as human languages have evolved to allow humans to communicate with each other .
But computer languages , which are much simpler than human languages , are often used by programmers to share their work with other programmers .
Just as you can improve your English writing skills by reading well - written novels , you can improve your programming skills by reading well - written computer programs .
However , you will still need to write your own programs to learn how to do it .
To get you started on writing computer programs , you will make a robot , named Reeborg , perform certain tasks on your computer screen .
While doing so , you will learn universal programming concepts as well as the language named Python .
Later on , we will move away from having Reeborg perform tasks , and learn to do other things using the computer .
Find out more about RUR - PLE including a summary of instructions as well as acknowledgements to various people .
List of lessons
The shape of things to come
This is a copy of an article from April 17 , 2006 issue of BrandWeek written by SinekPartners CEO , Simon Sinek .
Advertising Execs Are Hypocrites
April 17 , 2006
IF ADVERTISING is so effective , why do n't ad agencies advertise ?
PR firms tout themselves in releases .
Event planners throw their own parties .
E-marketers use the Internet .
These folks all believe in the effectiveness of their disciplines .
Do ad agencies disagree ?
In an increasingly cynical age of advertising and mass marketing , modern ad agencies work hard to reinforce the value of their product with their clients .
" Studies " are whipped up to prove the effectiveness of the medium .
And when client budgets are tight , agencies will provide data to show the importance of advertising in a down market .
But this " do as I say , not as I do " mentality raises a suspicious eyebrow .
More than advertising , agencies rely quite heavily on pr. Getting mentioned or singled out in Brandweek , Adweek and other prominent newspapers and magazines supports an agency 's ability to drum up business .
When Donny Deutsch took over leadership of the agency his father started , he tried to drive new business with a full page ad in the New York Times .
The ad was ineffective at helping Deutsch attract clients .
Deutsch abandoned his own product and hired high - priced pr mavens at Rubenstein Associates to raise his profile .
And it worked .
In their own defense , agencies may point out that they operate in a business - to - business environment and their product is more effective in a business - to - consumer landscape .
But the argument holds no weight because agencies routinely pitch and promote the value of ads to b- to - b clients , too .
If agencies hype the importance of branding campaigns for public companies to enhance their image among investors , why is it that Interpublic , Omnicom , Publicis and WPP do n't support their brand images on Wall Street ?
According to Nielsen Monitor - Plus , the four holding companies spent a total of $ 3.7 million to promote themselves in the U.S. in 2005 , down 15 % from the $ 4.4 million they spent in 2004 .
Considering that agencies recommend their clients spend 10 % of their revenues on marketing , the big four are spending .01 % of their combined $ 29.3 billion in global revenue .
Mull that for a second or two .
David Ogilvy once admitted , " 99 % of advertising does n't sell much of anything . "
He was right .
Fact is , most ads today are ineffective .
" Effective " advertising can communicate the relevance of a company or product in a buyer 's life , resulting in a visceral response to the message .
Most advertising , however , does not create such value ( there is some truth behind the old CFO joke that advertising is always on the " L " side of the P&L ) .
Companies that can quantify a rise in sales when they advertise and a decline when they do n't are n't necessarily producing effective long - term value .
A large contributor to such a correlation between ad spending and sales is based simply on raising awareness .
Fact : consumers are more likely to buy a product they 've heard of vs. one they have n't .
Politicians know this and work hard to build better name recognition .
So if agencies are n't advertising , why should anyone else ?
Deutsch built his business without an ad campaign spare that one ad .
So have Starbucks , Google and countless others .
Two years ago 1 - 800 - GOT - JUNK ? , one of America 's fastest growing franchises , relied heavily on pr to sell 50 franchises .
They spent only $ 1,800 in ads versus the hundreds of thousands of dollars other franchisors spent to accomplish the same results .
In truth , it 's what 's in the advertising that is not working .
Ad agencies are doing a poor job creating messages that affect long - term value for their clients .
Along with the media in which it exists , advertising has been commoditized .
Most agencies struggle to justify their own value in a sea of sameness .
While they try to sell their clients on their " unique perspective " and their ability to balance " creative and strategy , " other marketing tactics like buzz marketing and targeted pr are delivering long - term , measurable results for marketers and further eroding any perceived value advertising enjoyed .
Competition and apathy have left agencies struggling to define themselves .
That 's ironic for an industry that claims to be full of creativity and objective perspective .
Their Faustian resistance to use their own product contributes to the slew of press predicting the fall of advertising and the rise of pr , buzz marketing , product placement or whatever fad is next in line to steal some of advertising 's once mighty thunder .
Agencies should ask for help to get that message out and inject a spark back into the business .
That would help build far more credibility with clients to use the product they sell .
If you disagree , feel free to take out an ad to convince your clients I 'm wrong .
Sinek is founder and CEO of SinekPartners , a New York consultancy that helps companies inspire employees and customers to action .
He also teaches at Columbia University 's graduate program in strategic communications .
Contact : simon.sinek@sinekpartners.com .
Powermonkey Extreme Tactical with Coyote Pouch - Waterproof Portable Solar Charger [ View More ]
Power your essential gadgets during adventures and camping trips with the Powermonkey Extreme Tactical , a solar powered charger that is built for harsh environments and comes with everything you need t... Regular Price : $ 209.95 Sale Price : $ 188.96
Economic Theory for the Socially Perplexed By Bryan Caplan
Why is getting along with other people so complicated ?
Shows like Seinfeld and Curb Your Enthusiasm have explored this question with hilarious results .
But last week Rick Harbaugh of Indiana University came to speak at GMU , and convinced me that economic theory has at least as much insight to offer the socially perplexed .
Harbaugh is a technically sophisticated signaling theorist , but his models begin with Tolstoyan insight into the human condition .
Case in point : the paper Harbaugh presented was “ False Modesty : When Disclosing Good News Looks Bad ” ( co- authored with Ted To ) .
Other signaling theorists have assumed that if you can brag about yourself , you will .
But in fact , inappropriate ( but TRUE ) bragging often lowers one ’s social standing :
If you have good news should you disclose it ?
The standard answer is yes because otherwise people will skeptically assume that you have nothing favorable to report …
[ T ] alented students are often reluctant to brag about their grades , highly educated people do not always list their degrees , donors sometimes make anonymous donations , overachievers often engage in understatement , advertisers of high quality products frequently use a “ soft sell ” approach , and people accused of an offense sometimes withhold mitigating information rather than “ protest too much ” or “ make excuses . ”
The paper then explains with great clarity what assumptions you need to make this story fly .
It ’s beautiful .
In another paper , Harbaugh turns prospect theory on its head .
The key building block of the paper : “ skill signaling . ”
Harbaugh explains :
Most risky decisions involve both skill and chance .
Success is therefore doubly fortunate in that it brings both material gain and an enhanced reputation for skill , while failure is doubly unfortunate …
For instance , the manager of a successful project wins the confidence of superiors to oversee more projects , while the manager of a failed project is viewed as incompetent and loses future opportunities …
[ A ] n investor who picks a successful stock enjoys the esteem of friends and family , while an investor who chooses poorly looks like a foolish loser .
We ’ve all been there .
Bottom line : Harbaugh ’s the first high - level theorist in years that made me see the social world in a new light .
Unless economic theorists want Levitt - style empiricists to confine them to an irrelevant ghetto of economics , they ’re going to need to read between the lines of Harbaugh ’s research program and learn his underlying moral : Theorists should draw their inspiration from life , not from “ the literature . ”
P.S. Still craving more Harbaugh ?
Check out “ Too Cool for School . ”
How to Crash Internet Explorer 30 August , 2006 — Stuart Brown
With only one line of code - 61 bytes , to be precise .
Posted in Security & Hacking
Tagged with : internet , explorer , javascript , vulnerability , security , crash , ie
Ever wish you could make your friends and family switch away from Internet Explorer ?
Perhaps the ability to make it spontaneously crash ( and I mean totally crash ) just by sending them a link might sway them ...
I spend a lot of time working with both JavaScript and Internet explorer , and a while back ( probably about a year ago now ) I was trying to debug a script to make it work in both Firefox and Internet Explorer .
As part of the diagnostics , I wrote a script to iterate through objects and print their properties .
As it happens , I tried this on the ' document .
write ' method , used to output text to the document .
I forget the exact reason , but I do remember the outcome .
Firefox handles the code perfectly - but Internet Explorer , on the other hand , throws an exception and unceremoniously quits .
Considering the script in question is one line long , or 61 bytes ( about 0.06Kb ) , and that it can be embedded into any webpage , it 's rather worrying .
I was surprised to see that , even a year later , the problem persists - so I figured I 'd share this little code snippet .
< script > for ( x in document . write ) { document .
write(x ) ;}</ script >
Scientists hope to study the effect of cosmic rays on the pig sperm
Some 40 grams of pig sperm will be taken on board the Shenzhou VI spacecraft for its October launch .
Some of the sperm will be kept outside the spacecraft 's biological capsule and some inside , according to China 's Xinhua news agency .
Surviving sperm will be returned to Earth and used to understand better the processes involved in pig reproduction .
The pigs chosen are a breed called Rongchang , named after an area in the southwest of the country and famed for their physique and for the quality of their meat .
Agricultural experts hope to use the sperm to fertilise pig eggs back on Earth - to see what effect a period of microgravity will have had on the sperm 's activity .
China 's first manned spaceflight two years ago made it the third country able to launch a human into space on its own , along with Russia and the United States .
During the upcoming mission , two astronauts will orbit the planet five or six times .
Vorgestern erschien in der “ taz ” ein Artikel , in dem der Autor F. ausführlich schilderte , wie er einmal in Indien einen Hund getötet hatte .
Es war eine Straßenhündin mit fünf Welpen .
Ein Motorradfahrer hatte sie am Morgen des Vortages überfahren .
Seitdem hing sie schwer verletzt in einem Gartenzaun .
F. forderte den Motorradfahrer auf , das Leid des Hundes zu beenden .
Beim Versuch , den Hund zu töten , verletzte der Motorradfahrer ihn anscheinend noch weiter .
Schließlich ging F. selbst hin , schlug auf den Hund brutal mit einem
Stock ein und ertränkte ihn schließlich .
Die Wortwahl des “ taz ” - Artikels ist drastisch .
Und im Gegensatz zum
Text selbst , der Mitleid mit den Tieren ausdrückt , lautet der Vorspann : “ Wer Köter keulen will , braucht eine richtige Keule .
Vor allem , wenn er von Buddhisten umzingelt ist . ”
Die “ Bild ” - Zeitung berichtet heute in großer Aufmachung über “ das bizarre Protokoll einer Hunde - Tötung ” und den “ Wirbel ” , den der Artikel angeblich auslöste .
Sie zeigt ein Foto des “ taz ” - Redakteurs und eine große Zeichnung von einer Hündin , die Welpen säugt , zitiert weite Strecken aus dem “ taz ” - Artikel , lässt aber unter anderem die Beschreibung weg , wie lange die Hündin schon verletzt gewesen sein soll und wie schwer ihre Verletzungen nach Angaben des Autors waren .
Zum Schluss zitiert sie einen empörten Tierschützer , veröffentlicht eine E - Mail - Adresse der “ taz ” - Redaktion ( die auch immer unter den Kolumnen steht ) und schreibt ( in der gedruckten Ausgabe ) : “ Keinen Computer ?
Hier ist die Telefonnummer : 030 / … ”
Bei der “ taz ” herrschten darauf heute ähnliche Verhältnisse wie beim Satiremagazin “ Titanic ” im Sommer 2000 .
Nachdem die “ Titanic ” die Bestechlichkeit von Fifa - Mitgliedern bei der Vergabe der Fußball - Weltmeisterschaft erfolgreich getestet hatte , titelte “ Bild ” damals : “ Böses Spiel gegen Franz ( Beckenbauer ) ” und forderte auf , die Redaktion anzurufen und ihr die Meinung zu sagen — eine Auswahl der Ergebnisse bietet die “ Titanic ” auf einer CD an .
Nicht weniger als tausend Mails seien seit dem “ Bild ” - Bericht eingegangen , heißt es bei der “ taz ” heute .
Darunter diese :
Wenn ich sie irgendwann mal treffen sollte , werde ich mit Sicherheit auch meinen Spaten dabei haben , seien sie sich sicher . (…)
Ich werde ihnen das gleiche antun , was sie dem wehrlosen Hund angetan haben .
Und auch ich werde keine Skrupel haben , wenn sie mich wimmernd und voller Angst anblicken .
Ich werde , wie sie , eiskalt sein , und mitten zwischen die Augen zielen .
Ich werde sie so zurichten , dass sie nicht mehr wissen wo oben oder unten ist .
Mit meiner ganzer Kraft auf sie einschlagen , einmal , zweimal , dreimal …
Doch töten werde ich sie nicht , ich werde sie qualvoll leiden lassen .
Ich will dass sie leiden wie dieser Hund … (…)
Ich werde ihrer Seele einen tiefen EInschnitt verpassen , den sie ihrer Lebtag nicht mehr vergessen …
Und diese :
Normalerweise bin ich kein Mensch , der jemand andren was schlechtes wünscht oder so… .
IHNEN wünsche ich aber wirklich von ganzem Herzen , dass Ihnen irgendwann das gleiche Schicksal widerfährt !!!!!!!
Dass
Sie hilflos am Boden liegen und nur noch zusehen können , wie auf Sie eingeprügelt wird ….!
Und diese :
ich kann ihnen versichern , daß ich ihnen mit vergnügen und ohne mit der wimper zu zucken , mit einem holzprügel zwischen die augen schlagen könnte – und selbst ihr gewimmer könnte mich davon nicht abhalten .
eher würde mir dadurch ihre erbärmlichkeit verdeutlicht werden , und ich würde noch einen freudigen schlag gegen ihr unterkiefer vollziehen , so das dieses von ihrer schädelbasis getrennt würde .
( … ) mit grüßen , die ihnen den tod , die pest oder krebs an den hals wünscht .
Nachtrag , 6 . April .
F. hat sich bei uns gemeldet und bittet darum , ihm keine weiteren Mails mehr zu schicken , auch keine mit Zuspruch oder Aufmunterungen .
So sehr er sich darüber freut — er kommt gegen die Menge einfach nicht mehr an .
Fran version 1.16
( Functional Reactive Animation )
The Fran implementation has gone quite stale and is unlikely to work any longer .
For a successor , see Reactive and FieldTrip .
I 'm still interested in purely functional interactive graphics , and I believe there 's still lots of room for innovative work / play in the area .
If you 're interested in collaborative research & implementation on this topic , please contact me .
Fran is a Haskell library ( or " embedded language " ) for interactive animations with 2D and 3D graphics and sound .
It runs under Windows 95/98 and Windows NT under Hugs 98 .
Here is a tutorial article on Composing Reactive Animations .
( The animated GIFs total 2 Mb .
Please be patient .
You might want to download the zip file and view it locally . )
See here for a few other related publications .
See news for details on changes from one version to another , and links to zip files for all released versions .
See here for some publications on Fran .
Also , check out Pan , an image synthesis and manipulation language .
Roughly speaking , it does for 2D space what Fran does for time .
Notes
Download Hugs98 from the download page linked to here .
Download and unpack the latest version so that you have a Fran subdirectory in c : \Hugs98 \lib .
( Or elsewhere , depending on where you installed Hugs . )
Use : set - P;c: \Hugs98\lib\Fran " to ensure that the library is included on your search path .
You will also need to copy the file SpriteLib.dll from c:\Hugs98 \lib\Fran into c:\Hugs98 so that it is in the same directory as the Hugs executables .
subdirectory in .
( Or elsewhere , depending on where you installed Hugs . )
Use to ensure that the library is included on your search path .
You will also need to copy the file from into so that it is in the same directory as the Hugs executables .
Fran works with Windows only .
You 'll need DirectX version 3 or better .
I recommend that you get the latest version if you have Windows 95 , 98 or 2000 .
DirectX 3 works with NT 4.0 if you have Service pack 3 installed .
A Un*x version would be great , but I do n't have the resources to do it .
Check out the tutorial and User 's Manual .
( The tutorial has lots of animated GIFs totalling 2 Mb .
Please be patient .
You might want to download the zip file and view it locally . )
The demos directory has -- guess what ? -- demos !
See demos.htm .
directory has -- guess what ? -- demos !
See demos.htm .
The garbage collector interferes with smooth performance .
After Hugs and GHC are merged , this problem should not be noticeable .
Try examples of your own .
If you send me ones you 've built , I 'll consider them for inclusion ( with credit to you ) in future releases .
As of January 2002 , I notice that the performance is much worse than I remember , and the visual quality of 3D is terrible .
I 'm guessing it 's due to changes to Direct3D , but I really do n't know .
If you 're installing Fran from a zip file , rename your Hugs / lib / Fran ( if you have one ) to " FranWas " ( for instance ) , and unzip into Hugs / lib .
Then rename Hugs / SpriteLib.dll ( if it exists ) to SpriteLibWas.dll , and manually copy the new Hugs / lib / Fran/SpriteLib.dll into Hugs / ( important ) .
Then try it out .
If you get an error message like ' ERROR : " .../ HSpriteLib.hs " : Error while importing DLL " HSpriteLib.dll " ' , you 're probably getting an old SpriteLib.dll or none at all .
Due to bit rot , running the tutorial via " main " in demos / Tutorial.hs often dies with " Program error : IOExts.interleaveIO : thread exited with no result " .
You can , however run the examples individually as explained in the header comment .
In any case , please let me know about your experience .
Bugs / To do
Credits
Greg Schechter , Ricky Yeung , Salim AbiEzzi , and I collaborated at Sun Microsystems on TBAG , a system for constraint - based , semi- declarative modeling of 3D animation .
Some of the Fran ideas were initially explored there .
Todd Knoblock and Jim Kajiya helped to explore the basic ideas of behaviors and events .
Sigbjorn Finne helped a lot with the implementation during his summer ' 96 internship .
Since then , he has been very helpful with getting getting Fran and GHC working well together .
helpful with getting getting Fran and GHC working well together .
Tony Daniels has been pushing the limits of physics - oriented reactive behavior , uncovering some limitations in the implementation .
He also collaborated on some ideas for efficient behavior representation .
Paul Hudak has been collaborating on the ideas and , in particular , how to embed them in Haskell .
Alastair Reid answered lots of my naive questions about Haskell and its implementation , and provided some emergency Hugs hacking .
He also made very helpful pass through version 0.8 , updating it to a newer Hugs version , and making various improvements , and rewriting interaction code to be much simpler .
John Peterson wrote another implementation that provided an interesting comparison .
Many interesting discussions .
With Gary Shu Ling and me , wrote the Fran User 's guide .
Gary Shu Ling found misc bugs and sources of incompleteness .
He also helped out quite a lot with the Fran 1.05 during a Fall ' 97 internship , and developed the Sokoban demo .
Simon Peyton Jones is helping me understand GHC ( the Glasgow Haskell compiler ) and how to use it effectively to compiler animation programs , as well as how to better implement Fran .
Mark Jones helped me understand Haskell type classes and how to use them well in Fran .
He also adapted Fran for Haskell 98
Philip Wadler had provided interesting and insightful feedback on the semantics of behaviors and events .
Jake Elliott did the artwork for Sokoban .
More fun
If Fran appeals to you , check out Pan , a high - level library and optimizing compiler for synthesis of interactive images .
I went to Google Image Labeler through Matt Cutt ’s Article .
This is something similar to that of Flickr ’s Tag Game – Fastr .
You ’ll be randomly paired with a partner who ’s online and using the feature .
Over a 90 - second period , you and your partner will be shown the same set of images and asked to provide as many labels as possible to describe each image you see .
When your label matches your partner ’s label , you ’ll earn some points and move on to the next image until time runs out .
After time expires , you can explore the images you ’ve seen and the websites where those images were found .
And we ’ll show you the points you ’ve earned throughout the session .
Well , the game is cool and I love ’em .
Google says that it allows you to label random images to help improve the quality of Google ’s image search results .
Not to be so hibadi gibadi about this , but it also looks like a a free BPO ( Business Process Outsourcing ) job being done through the medium of an addictive free game .
A search result provider like Google will need metadatas for their huge volume of Images , Media .
What more better way than ask to people to tag , label them for free in form of a game !
So , when Google has the metadatas with labels , tags for their untagged , undetermined , unlabeled images , they will fairly have a huge databases of image with proper tags , labels .
I hope that they do not have anything fishy in their strategy but is just a game !
I am not sure and have not seen but have heard that Amazon has such a service or a quasi - service where anyone can tag / label images appropriately and get paid for the number of images tagged .
Though , here they select kinda multiple choices .
I was consulted / discussed by coupla friends who were offering me this idea of getting this service to India ’s BPO services and the calculated earning for the people working there was descent for Indian standard .
I ’ve never been interested in anything that is mundane and perennially manual labor , thus my interest in it was miniscule .
But , this new Google ’s Game caught my attention and got me thinking .
This article is about training , but not the typical “ pay $ 1500 to sit in a stuffy hotel conference room for five days while some guy who has n’t written software since Elvis reads his PowerPoint slides to you in an effort to keep you awake ” training .
We ’re going to talk about in - your - face , do - as - I - do , on - the - job , get - them - writing - production - code - four - weeks - out - of - school training .
It ’s the type that makes people clamor to work at your company , and requires a whole heck of a lot more effort than the fifteen hundred bucks to send someone to a week in a hotel conference room .
Every company that writes software needs to make training a top priority .
Say that with me : every company that writes software needs to make training a top priority .
Why ?
If word gets around that your company has a killer training program you ’ll be beating candidates away with sticks ( at least until the first lawsuit ) , it boosts your bottom line by making programmers better equipped to do their jobs , and gives people a sense that the company cares about their long term success , making them less likely to leave .
As a nice side effect , learning new skills makes people more satisfied with their jobs .
So to review , well - executed training attracts developers , retains developers , and makes them happy .
Say it one more time : every company that writes software needs to make training a top priority .
Developer Traits
Before we delve into the structure of an effective training program , let ’s talk about the specific areas we can hope to improve .
The two fundamental traits of a developer are : knowledge of theory and experience .
Theory
Theory is what we learn in school : little - o and big - O notation , finite state machines , 3rd normal form , etc …
Theory is easy to discuss , but difficult to experience since it ’s like a wispy cloud floating around in someone ’s mind .
Most developers learn theory in school on the road to obtaining their degree in Computer Science or a related field .
Many learn it from books , magazines , and developer websites .
Theory is things like object - oriented concepts , database design and normalization , and many aspects of software architecture .
Someone who knows a lot of theory and has a little experience tends to sound more knowledgeable than they are .
Their mind is mature in the ways of software , but their code is juvenile by comparison .
It tends to be over - designed , overly complex , brittle , and lacking in practical areas such as error handling .
Until you ’ve debugged an application that lacks error handling it does n’t occur to most people that storing this information might be helpful .
That ’s where experience comes in .
Experience
Experience is about making mistakes .
When you study theory there are no mistakes : code is bug - free , APIs are perfect , and operating systems never , ever crash .
That ’s why there ’s no “ blue screen ” shape in UML .
For a programmer , the more mistakes you make the better you are at writing code .
I ’ve made mistakes on every project I ’ve ever developed , and each mistake added one more notch to my belt .
Experience can only be gained through sitting down and writing code ; there are no exceptions .
Someone with a lot of experience and a little theory tends to write code that runs well but is difficult to maintain and extend .
Since the point of software design ( which relies heavily on theory ) is to organize a complicated system into something extensible and easily - understood , a solution lacking in design tends to want in these two areas .
The larger the system , the worse the problem becomes .
Apprenticeship
It ’s a sad day when I cringe at the word “ apprentice . ”
Let me say this up front : I ’m not referring to Donald Trump ’s TV show .
Before the show became popular , “ apprentice ” described someone who works under the oversight of a mentor .
Apprenticeship is about learning while doing .
Apprenticeship was born in the 14th century , and with it came a revolution .
Suddenly young men and women could trade their most abundant asset , time , for a truly scarce resource , training .
Skilled tradesman , including blacksmiths , cobblers and silk weavers , mentored young men and women with the promise that they might one day take over the business , while in exchange the tradesman lowered their labor costs by having low - cost apprentices on staff .
Apprentices were young men or women , typically 14 to 21 .
They did n’t make much money , but they learned their trades on the job .
A blacksmith apprentice , for instance , learned about building super - hot fires , combining different metals to create mixtures with varying melting points , and how much work it takes to make a rake , a knife , or a plow .
Most of it was not something they could learn from in school ; they needed years of first - hand experience in order to master the trade .
Fast - forward 700 years and apprenticeship has disappeared .
No , wait a minute … it has n’t disappeared .
This ancient tradition still appears everywhere you look , from construction to medical school to priesthood .
So why is it that this model , which has certainly passed the test of time , is rarely present in the world of software development ?
Is it because you learn software development better from books rather than from doing ?
Nope .
Is it because programming is a solitary trade , while running electrical wire requires a team of people ?
Wrong again .
How about the ol’ “ physical trade versus thinking trade ” argument ?
Not that one , either .
The only reason I can come up with is that computer programming is a new trade , only coming of age in the last 40 or 50 years , while the others : doctors , priests , construction workers , have all been around for thousands of years .
And even though they ’ve adapted over time , they remain steeped in the rich tradition of apprenticeship ; a tradition that computer programming , a wee lad by comparison , has yet to accept .
Some would argue that apprenticeship is present in software development , and I have to agree to some point .
I ’ve learned a ton from the experienced developers and architects I ’ve worked with ( thanks Rick , Jeremy , and Calvin ) , but it ’s always been on an informal basis , through osmosis , and only because they were willing to teach and I was willing to learn .
From management ’s perspective , my mentoring has typically consisted of : “ You know .NET ?
Here ’s a spec ; build it . ”
That ’s what needs to change .
There is a better way .
Training Done Right
You can probably guess where this is headed by now , so let me cut to the chase : the better way to train is through software apprenticeship .
All you need are a senior and a junior developer .
Ask if they ’d like to participate in an apprenticeship relationship .
The junior gets training , the senior gets to pass along his knowledge ( most people are flattered if you ask them to be a mentor ) .
The key here is to make a deliberate choice to pair two developers together and get their buy - in .
No buy - in , no apprenticeship .
What should their interaction consist of ?
Use the time - tested approach of trades that have been doing it for years .
Let ’s take an electrical apprenticeship as an example : in the United States today , the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers ( I.B.E.W. ) trains thousands of electricians every year .
They learn through two distinct experiences :
Attending night school during the week to learn the theory of electricity .
Working days on a construction site where they ’re able to gain experience applying the theory to the hands - on construction of a building
His first day on the job an apprentice is paired up with a journeyman ( an experienced electrician ) , who shows him the ropes .
The journeyman typically talks the apprentice through a task , demonstrates the task , has the apprentice perform the task , then gives feedback .
Listen , watch , do , review .
With software it looks like this : the mentor evaluates the task at hand , be it writing data access code or building a web - based user interface , and holds a white - board discussion with the apprentice ( listen ) .
Next , the mentor might write sample code demonstrating a particularly difficult or confusing concept ( watch ) .
At this point the mentor sends the mentee off to gain their own experience writing code ( do ) .
And finally , the mentor should review the code , providing positive and negative feedback and suggesting improvements ( review ) .
Listen , watch , do , review .
A final note : the key to any type of apprenticeship is the “ do ” step .
Most software training gives you the listen and watch , but the “ do and review ” is what inspires growth and advances skills .
The beauty of apprenticeship is that it tackles theory and experience in one fell swoop .
And it ’s easier than you think .
The Bottom Line
Training is critical to any company that writes software , and apprenticeship is the best way to bring new developers on board , make them feel at home , improve their skills , and keep them happy and growing .
You ’ll keep experienced developers in touch with new approaches , compliment them by asking them to share their wealth of knowledge , and hopefully create a few friendships along the way .
Photos by Sherry
Update :
I was recently contacted by a company in the UK offering a real software apprenticeship program .
Details are below :
e -skills UK ( an industry body for IT skills ) is piloting a Software & Web Developer Apprenticeship in the UK , working with Microsoft and QA ( a training company ) .
Ten IT companies of all different shapes and sizes will be recruiting 20 apprentices , who will receive a 12 month structured apprenticeship programme .
This starts with a 4 week programming boot camp , with 5 further weeks of technical training , on topics such as Data Modelling and Software Testing and , dotted throughout the year .
The key is that the apprentices will be working for the rest of the time , learning their trade as developers from the technical mentors in their companies , but also being productive employees .
The pilot will be focusing on C# and the .NET framework , and the apprentices will be aged between 16 and 20 , using this as an alternative route to going straight to college / university .
To get in touch , email ben.sweetman@e-skills.com or follow him on twitter @bensweetman .
Opportunity has been travelling to Victoria crater for about half its mission ( Nasa / JPL / Malin Space Science Systems )
Within the next two weeks , Opportunity should reach the rim of a crater wider and deeper than any it has visited in more than two - and - a - half years on Mars .
Rocks exposed in the walls of Victoria Crater could open a new window into the geological history of the Red Planet .
Opportunity has been exploring Mars' Meridiani Plains since January 2004 .
Its " twin " , the Spirit rover , continues to explore Gusev Crater on the other side of the Red Planet .
Images from Nasa 's Mars Global Surveyor spacecraft show a stack of layered bedrock about 30 - 40 m ( 100 - 130 ft ) thick in the walls of Victoria .
" We have a fully functional vehicle with all the instruments working .
We 're ready to hit Victoria with everything we 've got , " said Byron Jones , a rover mission manager at Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California .
Surviving the winter
Ray Arvidson , deputy principal investigator for the rovers , said that exploring the rocks in Victoria Crater would greatly increase understanding of past conditions on Mars , including the role of water .
" In particular , we are very interested in whether the rocks continue to show evidence for having been formed in shallow lakes , " said the scientist , who is based at Washington University in St Louis , US .
We 're ready to hit Victoria with everything we 've got
Byron Jones , Nasa JPL
It is still winter in the Martian southern hemisphere where Opportunity is exploring .
But the days have started to get longer again , so Opportunity 's power supply from its solar panels is increasing day by day .
During its first two months on the Red Planet , Opportunity examined a pile of rock layers 30 cm thick inside " Eagle Crater " and found geological evidence that water had flowed across the Martian surface many millions of years ago .
The rover spent the next nine months driving to and exploring a larger crater called " Endurance " .
Space support
On the drive from Endurance to Victoria , the rocks told a history of shallow lakes , drier periods of shifting dunes and groundwater levels that rose and fell .
Minerals indicated the ancient water was very acidic .
Professor Arvidson said mission scientists wanted to compare the rock layers at Victoria Crater with those seen so far to see if the conditions that created them were different .
He mused : " Was there a wet environment that was less acidic , perhaps even more habitable ?
Where do the layers from Endurance fit in this thicker sequence ? "
Nasa 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , which reached the Red Planet in March this year , will assist the rover 's task by mapping Victoria Crater at high resolution from orbit .
Spirit and Opportunity had primary missions lasting just three months .
Though both are showing signs of wear , they are roving the Martian surface after more than 30 months .
Abu Musab Saddam Osama al - Zarqawi , the extremely elusive if not entirely mythical terrorist mastermind responsible for every single insurgent action in Iraq except for the ones caused by the red - tailed devils in Iran or the stripey - tailed devils in Syria , has reportedly been killed in an airstrike in Hibhib , an area north of Baghdad , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al - Maliki announced Thursday .
Zarqawi , the notorious shape - shifter who , according to grainy video evidence , was able to regenerate lost limbs , speak in completely different accents , alter the contours of his bone structure and also suffered an unfortunate binge - and - purge weight problem which caused him to change sizes with almost every appearance , was head of an organization that quite fortuitously dubbed itself " Al Qaeda in Iraq " just around the time that the Bush Administration began changing its pretext for the conquest from " eliminating Iraq ’s [ non-existent ] weapons of mass destruction " to " fighting terrorists over there so we do n’t have to fight them over here . "
The name change of the Zarqawi gang from its cumbersome original 
" The Monotheism and Holy War Group "  to the more media - sexy " Qaeda " brand was thus a PR godsend for the Bush Administration , which was then able to associate the widespread native uprising against the Coalition occupation with the cave - dwelling dastards of the bin Laden organization .
This proved an invaluable tool for the Pentagon ’s massive " psy - op " campaign against the American people , which was successful in sufficiently obscuring reality and defusing rising public concerns about what many experts have termed " the full - blown FUBAR " in Iraq until after the 2004 elections .
However , in the last year , even the reputed presence of a big stonking al Qaeda beheader guy roaming at will across the land has not prevented a catastrophic drop in support for President Bush in general and the war in Iraq in particular .
Polls show that substantial majorities  even those still psy-oped into believing the conquest has something to do with fighting terrorism  are now saying that the war " is not worth it " and call for American forces to begin withdrawing .
With the Zarqawi theme thus producing diminishing returns , the Administration has had another stroke of unexpected luck with his reputed sudden demise .
Moreover , the fact that Zarqawi was killed in a military action means that Mr. Bush will not have to cough up the $ 25 million reward placed on the head of the terrorist chieftain .
That money will now be given to Mr. Bush ’s favorite charity , Upper - Class Twits Against the Inheritance Tax , an Administration spokesman said .
Despite its fortuitousness , the reputed death of the multi-legged brigand came as no real surprise .
After all , approximately 376 of his " top lieutenants " had been killed or captured by Coalition forces in the past three years , according to press reports , and some 5,997 lower - ranking " al Qaeda terrorists " have been killed in innumerable operations during that same period , according to Pentagon press releases .
With the widespread , on - going , much - publicized decimation of his group , Zarqawi had obviously been rendered isolated and ineffective  except of course for the relentless series of high - profile terrorist spectaculars he kept carrying out , according to other Pentagon press releases .
News of the reputed rub - out brought bipartisan praise .
" This enormous victory in the War on Terror is due entirely to the courage and wisdom of the president , " squealed Senate Majority Leader Lick Spittle of Tennessee .
" He has seen us through when so many of the flag - burning destroyers of marriage wanted to cut and run .
I think this president is the best president the world has ever seen , and if I am ever fortunate enough to be chosen as president by the American people  minus the three million or so whose votes will be discarded , lost , inadvertently mangled or just ignored , of course  I promise I ’ll be a president just like him ! "
" We must give credit where credit is due , " said Democratic Sen .
Joe Biden , in a rare television appearance .
" I have my differences with the way the Administration is conducting this war , but the elimination of Zarqawi is , I believe , a turning point , comparable to the capture of Saddam Hussein , the first Iraqi elections , the second Iraqi elections , the formation of the first Iraqi government and the formation of the second Iraqi government .
This is not the end , or even the beginning of the end , but it is , I believe , the end of the beginning .
And no , I did n’t plagiarize that .
I made it up my own self . "
The reputed end of Zarqawi ’s reign of terror comes a mere four years after U.S. forces had pinpointed his hideout and were prepared to destroy his entire operation , only to be forestalled by the White House .
Before the war , Zarqawi and his band of non-Iraqi Islamic extremists had a camp in northern Iraq , in territory controlled by American - backed Kurdish forces , who had wrested it from the hands of Saddam Hussein .
U.S. Special Forces , CIA agents and other American personnel had a free hand to operate there ; indeed , anti-Saddam Iraqi exiles held open meetings in the territory , safe from the reach of the dictator .
In June 2002 , American forces had locked in on Zarqawi ’s location .
They prepared a detailed attack plan that would have destroyed the terrorist band .
But their request to strike was turned down not once , but twice by the White House .
Administration officials feared that such a strike would have muddied the waters in their public relations effort to foment war fever against Saddam ’s regime .
At every turn , the Bush team had painted a picture of Saddam Hussein as a powerful dictator able to threaten the entire world .
They had implied , insinuated and sometimes openly declared that he was in league with al Qaeda .
But this wildly successful psy - ops campaign would have been undermined by a raid on Zarqawi , which would have exposed the truth : that Saddam was a crippled , toothless despot who had lost control of much of his own land and could n’t even threaten vast enemy armies within his own borders  much less his neighbors or the rest of the world .
It would have also exposed the fact that the only Islamic terrorists operating on Iraqi soil were in areas controlled by America and its allies  which , now that Mr. Bush ’s invasion has opened the whole country to extremist terror , is still the case .
With Zarqawi’s Bush - granted liberty reputedly at an end , the Pentagon moved quickly to confirm the identity of the man killed in Hibhib today .
At a joint press conference with Prime Minister Maliki , U.S. Gen .
George Casey said Zarqawi ’s body had been identified by " fingerprints , facial recognition and known scars " after a painstaking forensic examination by Lt. Col.
Gil Grissom and Major Catherine Willows .
In yet another amazing coincidence , the announcement of the death of Zarqawi or somebody just like him came just as Prime Minister Maliki was finally submitting his candidates for the long - disputed posts of defense and interior ministers , which then sailed through parliament after months of deadlock .
The fortuitous death also came after perhaps the worst week of bad PR the Bush Administration has endured during the entire war , with an outpouring of stories alleging a number of horrific atrocities committed by U.S. troops in recent months .
Oddly enough , Zarqawi first vaulted into the American consciousness just after the public exposure of earlier U.S. atrocities : the tortures at Abu Ghraib prison in the spring of 2004 .
With story after story of horrible abuse battering the Administration during an election year , Zarqawi , or someone just like him , suddenly appeared with a Grand Guignol production : the beheading of American civilian Nick Berg .
This atrocity was instantly seized upon by supporters of the war to justify the " intensive interrogation " of " terrorists "  even though the Red Cross had determined that 70 to 90 percent of American captives at that time had committed no crime whatsoever , much less been involved in terrorism , as the notorious anti-war Wall Street Journal reported .
Abu Ghraib largely faded from the public eye  indeed , it was not mentioned by a single speaker at the Democratic National Convention a few weeks later or raised as an issue during the presidential campaign that year .
Today ’s news has likewise knocked the new atrocity allegations off the front pages , to be replaced with heartening stories of how , as the New York Times reports , Zarqawi ’s death " appears to mark a major watershed in the war . "
Thus in his reputed end as in his reputed beginning , the Scarlet Pimpernel of Iraq has , by remarkable coincidence , done yeoman service for the immediate publicity needs of his deadly enemy , the Bush Administration .
It is not yet known who will now take Zarqawi ’s place as the new all - purpose , all - powerful bogeyman solely responsible for every bad thing in Iraq .
There were recent indications that Maliki himself was being measured for the post , after he publicly denounced American atrocities and the occupiers ’ propensity for hair - trigger killing of civilians , but he seems to be back with the program now .
Administration insiders are reportedly divided over shifting the horns to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ’s already much - demonized head , or planting them on extremist Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr , or elevating some hitherto unknown local talent  or maybe just blaming the whole shebang on Fidel Castro , for old times ’ sake .
The announcement of the new bogeyman is expected sometime in the coming weeks .
UPDATE : It looks like the Twits might not get that reward money after all .
Prime Minister Maliki said that those who helped locate Zarqawi , or someone just like him , in Hibhib , would get their reward " later . "
" We believe in honoring our commitments . "
However , the Times of London ’s man in Iraq , Ned Parker , tells us that Zazqawi might have been shopped to the Americans by Iraqi insurgents :
One of the most interesting things about the news of his death is the timing .
There have been talks going on since the election last December by US and Iraqi officials to try to bring the homegrown insurgency back into the political process .
Certainly there was tension between the homegrown Iraqi insurgency and Zarqawi ’s foreign fighters .
So it ’s possible a deal was finally cut by some branch of the Iraqi insurgency to eliminate al - Zarqawi and rid themselves of his heavy - handed influence .
So if Bush does decide to pay off the informants  and it ’s his money , after all , not Maliki ’s ; in fact , in today ’s Iraq , any money that Maliki ’s government might still have left after three years of occupation rapine is Bush ’s money too  but if Zarqawi ’s rumblers are paid off , then it ’s likely that Bush will be forking over $ 25 million to Iraq ’s Sunni insurgents .
That will certainly keep them flush with IEDs for a long time to come .
It ’s FUBAR every which way you turn in Bush ’s Babylon .
June 9 , 2006
Chris Floyd , Global Eye columnist for the Moscow Times , is the author of Empire Burlesque : The Secret History of the Bush Regime .
The Best of Chris Floyd
A new art form
Israel may be pulling out of Gaza , but it is continuing work on the controversial barrier in the West Bank .
It argues the measure is necessary to prevent Palestinian suicide attacks , while Palestinians argue the barrier is a land grab .
But as the wall 's construction is debated , it has provided a ready canvas for artists .
BBC News website reader Andrew Holbrook , a British volunteer worker , has photographed some of the works .
Share Tweet
People Who Drive Silver or Blue Cars Should NOT Read This
by Brian W. Vaszily for www.SixWise.com
About
Brian Vaszily Brian Vaszily ( pronounced " vay zlee " ) is a bestselling author , positive change advocate , speaker / organizer and sometimes funny guy whose life mission is to help others explore , experience and enjoy life more intensely while bypassing the traps that would hamper that goal -- particularly unscrupulous marketing and rampant consumerism .
Brian is the founder of IntenseExperiences.com , has authored several books including the acclaimed novella Beyond Stone and Steel ( see Very - Clever.com for some reviews ) , and with over fourteen years of marketing management experience is President of the TopMarketing Pro consultancy .
In addition to his How We Get You columns here at SixWise , Brian also leads the popular Sixwise.com blog , " The ' Live Deeper ' Blog by Brian Vaszily . "
He has appeared on many TV and radio shows and been quoted in many publications regarding his books , columns , articles and ideas .
Brian Vaszily was born and raised in Chicago , growing up on the northwest side in the blue - collar Portage - Cragin neighborhood .
Brian and his wife and two children currently reside outside Chicago , Illinois .
People who drive silver or blue cars or trucks should definitely NOT read this column because they wo n't get it anyway .
That 's just how they are .
But if you drive any other color car or truck -- especially a red one like I do -- you 'll get what I am about to tell you , and you 'll quickly see how this secret knowledge can help you avoid getting duped in many areas of your life .
So for all the non-silver and non -blue car and truck drivers out there , you should know that one of the most powerful ways marketers get you to try things , think things , do things , and buy things you never really intended to is through what is called " granfalloon tactics . "
A " granfalloon " -- a term coined by author Kurt Vonnegut in his novel Cat 's Cradle -- is a group of two or more people who feel a bond because they share some circumstance that , beneath it all , has little to no real significance .
Vonnegut 's shorter definition is " a proud and meaningless association of human beings . "
So , for example , they may feel kinship simply because their first and last names start with the same letters , or they were born in the same state , or they use the same brand of cell phone service ... or they drive the same color cars and trucks .
Like the rest of us , you have probably been in many granfalloons - whether long - term or momentarily , you have felt a bond with others just because they shared something with you that , upon even a bit of reflection , you 'd realize is actually quite insignificant and does n't make for a real connection .
Perhaps one of the most immediately recognizable examples ( unless you believe strongly in astrology ) is the excited bond you feel with someone when you learn they share your birthday .
Wow , cool !
But ... so what .
Point is , because humans are social beings , it is natural to bond , even if the points that connect you are arbitrary or flat - out worthless and the bond is only fleeting .
As with all the most effective marketing tricks , granfalloon tactics prey on this fundamental human need .
They manipulate you into feeling part of a group -- centered of course around their product , service , political party , or idea -- in order to obtain your allegiance and your money .
Are You a " Wheel Watcher " ?
A " Dittohead " ?
A " Chevy " or a " Ford Man " ?
W's Rule !
The social psychologist Henri Tajfel once conducted a simple experiment that demonstrates the power of granfalloon tactics :
He brought a group of subjects into his lab and randomly , based only on a coin toss , assigned each subject to be labeled an X or a W .
Each member of both groups was then asked to make a variety of assumptions about each of the other subjects .
Though they were ALL total strangers , each person made MUCH more positive assumptions about those within their group than about those in the other group .
The most infamous example of a successful use of granfalloon tactics is probably Nazi Germany , where Adolph Hitler and his Minister of Popular Enlightenment and Propaganda Joseph Gobbels created a rabidly cohesive " us " among Germany 's " Aryan " citizens by repeatedly blaming all of Germany 's problems on a " them " -- the Jews .
Slavery too was ( and in some parts of the world still is ) heavily bolstered by granfalloon tactics , as is racism in general -- " we are different and superior because of the color of our skin or our ethnic background , whereas they are inferior because of the color of their skin or their ethnic background . "
Entire populations and generations , in other words , have been duped by the power of granfalloon tactics -- resulting in extreme devastation -- which makes your awareness of their increasing use in our commercial society even more critical .
Today , though much of the mass media rhetoric is about " unity " and " globalism " and breaking dividing lines , the evil marketing geniuses of the world are feverishly using granfalloon tactics to take things the other way ... to PUSH you and your children into bonding with and therefore defining yourself by the brands you choose ( brands of products and services , but also brands of politics , religion , music , and more ) ... to push you into multiple little compartments .
Are you Mac or PC ?
Are you Sprint , T - Mobile , Verizon , Cingular or Nextel ?
Drink Pepsi or Coke ... or do you choose to " Be a Pepper " by drinking Dr. Pepper ?
Pro or anti Brad Pitt / Angelina Jolie ?
Al Franken or a " Dittohead " -- a label Rush Limbaugh applied to all his radio show listeners ?
Are you hip - hop , country , alt rock , adult contemporary , or polka ?
Do you watch Wheel of Fortune routinely , making you a " Wheel Watcher " according to their successful TV ads ?
Drive a silver or blue car or truck , or a red , black , white or green one ?
The reason dictators and other marketers push people into granfalloons , as you have probably gathered ( no matter what color car or truck you drive ) , is that it is far easier to control people when they are compartmentalized , and far more profitable , too .
If I , as a marketer , can get you to feel a sense of BELONGING and PRIDE at listening to my radio show versus another , or eating my brand of peanut butter versus another ( " Choosy mothers choose Jif ! " ) , or driving my company 's brand of truck versus another , I can easily create a sense of US versus THEM in you .
I can then easily make you look down your nose at THEM , and even despise THEM , simply because ( no matter how insignificant a circumstance your group is based on ) THEY are not a part of your group .
This , in turn , makes it even EASIER to keep you coming back to the group I control for more , more , more ... including to spend more .
( Which makes it still easier for me to make you look down on THEM even more , and so on and so forth . )
Perhaps the most classic example of granfalloon tactics in the commercial world is the macho designation of being either a " Chevy Man " or a " Ford Man " that the two automotive companies were happy to foster .
For decades -- and in many parts of the U.S. still -- a key aspect of many men's self - definition was the brand of truck they drove : Ford or Chevy .
It did n't matter if you shared views on nearly everything else , if you were a Chevy Man you were obligated to drive Chevys for the rest of your life , and if you were a Ford Man you were obligated to drive Fords for the rest of your life , and you were both obligated to beat the crap out of the other if you ever encountered him in a bar .
( This may be why Toyota is about to become the world 's largest auto company -- the Ford and Chevy men eliminated one another . )
If You Drive a Silver or Blue Vehicle I Hope You
Did Read This Column Despite Its Title Upon reading this far , maybe you are thinking , " I get what Brian is saying here , but I personally wo n't be conned by these ' grand balloon ' tactics or whatever they 're called . "
Do n't assume that !
Big mistake !
PLEASE remember the First Real Rule of Marketing -- the key secret of those who seek to control your beliefs and habits in order to take your money , your votes , your time or whatever else it is they desire from you -- is that nobody believes they can be manipulated by marketers all that much .
But that 's the key reason why marketers can manipulate them so much .
For example , you were likely drawn to read this column in the first place because of the exclusionary nature of its title .
If you drive anything besides a silver or blue car or truck -- and especially if you drive a red one -- you may have initially experienced a feeling of smugness or at least mild satisfaction that you were in the " in " group that would " get " this column .
You were among US .
Meanwhile , if you drive a silver or blue car or truck , you may have felt alarmed and even offended that you were being excluded in such a manner .
Even if only to a mild degree , you felt " out , " you were among the THEM .
Maybe you even wanted to punch me ( I really hope you do n't want to anymore . )
Point is , you were drawn to this column about granfalloon tactics through an ( admittedly mediocre ) granfalloon tactic .
Sorry I did that .
But the purpose was to make you aware of how insidious these tactics can be .
They are potent , they can be hard to spot , and because of these two factors they have been very successful for commercial marketers and their use is on the rise .
So to help you remain vigilant of them in order to avoid the influence of their granfalloon tactics , here 's my key advice : Define who you are .
Pull out a piece of paper and write down what really makes you who you are .
Routinely revisit and update your self - definition .
Do n't ever let them ( and this is a real them ) define you for you .
You are not the brand of car you drive .
You are not the label on your shirt .
You are not the political party you vote for , the stores you shop at , nor the type of house you live in .
You can adore sports and hate Gatorade , you can love God and not be a member of their church , and choosy mothers do n't necessarily choose Jif .
You are the stuff of your deeply held beliefs , the stuff of the accomplishments you worked hard for , the stuff of whatever you and you alone define as truly important .
Knowing what that is , and knowing it well , is your best defense against their greedy attempts to drive you into granfalloons .
And if you drive a red car like I do , that 's especially true for you .
People with " Inny " Belly Buttons Have LOVED
These Other " How We Get You " Columns by Brian Vaszily !
The One Real Reason You Are Stressed Out , Overweight , Depressed or Angry Why We 're Living ( Far ) Shorter Lives Than Ever , and What to Do About It Check Out All the Violence Here ! or How I Jolt You into Submission to Get Your Money 572
To get more information about this and other highly important topics , sign up for your free subscription to our weekly SixWise.com " Be Safe , Live Long & Prosper " e-newsletter .
With every issue of the free SixWise.com newsletter , you ’ll get access to the insights , products , services , and more that can truly improve your well - being , peace of mind , and therefore your life !
Share Tweet
It 's time for politics to become more intelligent , and for democracy to really involve the people .
Broadcast media tells you what to think and does n't let you get involved .
It 's time to focus on what you need , what you care about , and the messages you want to get out .
See who 's involved and add your name and website !
Advertise Campaigns Wikia with this button .
Can we have direct talks with Iran ?
Bob Woodward sat down with Mike Wallace to talk about his new book , State of Denial , and had many , many interesting things to report .
The title of the book really says it all ; the Bush administration is so convinced that what they 're doing in Iraq is right that they refuse to acknowledge the reality on the ground .
What 's worse , they refuse to level with the American people .
Download - WMV Download - QT
( video and review - Mike L. Transcript - Jamie H. )
Full transcript below the fold .
>>
Wallace : President Bush 's former chief of staff , Andy Card , said the Bush presidency will be judged by three things : Iraq , Iraq , Iraq .
Bob Woodward , of Watergate fame , reports that .
He 's just completed his third book on the Bush presidency , " state of denial . "
Woodward spent more than two years , interviewed more than 200 people -- including most of the top officials in the administration -- and he came to a damning conclusion :
That for the last three years , the white house has not been honest with the American public .
>> Bob Woodward :
It is the oldest story in the coverage of government :
The failure to tell the truth .
>>
Wallace :
When you say the Bush administration has not told the truth about iraq , what do you mean ?
>>
Woodward : I think probably the prominent ... most prominent example is the level of violence .
>>
Reporter : Not just the Sunnis against Shi'as , that gets reported every day , but attacks on U.S.
And allied forces .
Woodward says that 's the most important measure of violence in iraq , and he unearthed this graph -- classified secret -- that shows those attacks have increased dramatically over the last three years .
>>
Woodward : Getting to the point now where there are 800 , 900 attacks a week .
That 's more than 100 a day .
Four attacks an hour , attacking our forces .
>>
Wallace : Woodward says the government had kept this trend secret for years before finally declassifying the graph just three weeks ago .
And Woodward accuses president Bush and the pentagon of making false claims of progress in Iraq , claims contradicted by facts that are being kept secret .
For example , Woodward says an intelligence report classified secret from the joint chiefs of staff concluded -- in large print -- that the Sunni Arab insurgency is gaining strength and increasing capacity despite political progress .
And insurgents retain the capabilities to increase the level of violence through next year .
But just two days later , a public defense department report said just the opposite : " Violent action will begin to wane in early 2007 . "
What are we supposed to make of that ?
>>
Woodward :
The truth is that the assessment by the intelligence experts is that next year -- now , next year 's 2007 -- is going to get worse , and in public you have the president and you have the pentagon saying , " oh , no , things are going to get better . "
Now there 's public and then there 's private .
But what did they do with the private ?
They stamp it secret .
No one 's supposed to know .
Why is that secret ?
The insurgents know what they 're doing .
They know the level of violence and how effective they are .
Who does n't know ?
The American public .
>>
Wallace : President Bush says over and over , as Iraqi forces stand up , U.S. Forces will stand down .
The number of Iraqis in uniform today , I understand , is up to 300,000 ?
>>
Woodward :
They 've stood up from essentially zero to 300,000 .
This is the military and the police .
>> Wallace : But U.S. Forces are not standing down .
The attacks keep coming .
>>
Woodward :
They 've stood up and up and up , and we have n't stood down .
And it 's worse .
>>
Wallace : John Negroponte knows it 's worse .
He 's the U.S. Director of national intelligence .
And according to Woodward , Negroponte thinks the U.S. Policy in iraq is in trouble , that violence is now so widespread that the U.S.
Does n't even know about much of it , and that the killings will continue to escalate .
>>
Woodward :
He was the ambassador there in iraq , and now he sees all the intelligence .
He believes that we 're always going almost back to the beginning , miscalculated and underestimated the nature of the insurgency .
>>
Wallace : Why ?
>>
Woodward : Why ?
There 's this feeling , " how can a bunch of guys running around putting improvised explosive devices in dead animals and by the side of the road in cars cause all this trouble ? "
>>
Wallace : Woodward reports that a top general says defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld has so emasculated the joint chiefs that the chairman of the chiefs has become " the parrot on Rumsfeld 's shoulder . "
And according to Woodward , another key general , john abizaid , who 's in charge of the whole gulf region , told friends that , on Iraq , Rumsfeld has lost all credibility .
What does that mean , he does n't have any credibility anymore ?
>>
Woodward :
That means that he cannot go public and articulate what the strategy is .
Now , this is so important .
They decide that the secretary of state rice will announce what the strategy is .
This is October of last year .
>>
Our political military strategy has to be to clear , hold and build .
Clear areas from insurgent control , to hold them securely and to build durable , national Iraqi -- thank you -- iraqi institutions .
>> Woodward : Rumsfeld sees this and goes ballistic and says , " now wait a minute , that 's not our strategy .
We want to get the Iraqis to do these things . "
Well , it turns out George Bush and the white house liked this definition of the strategy , so it's in a presidential speech he 's going to give the next month .
Rumsfeld sees it .
He calls Andy Card , the white house chief of staff , and says , " take it out .
Take it out .
That 's not our strategy .
We can't do that . "
Card says , " it 's the core of what we 're doing . "
That 's two and a half years after the invasion of Iraq .
They cannot agree on the definition of the strategy .
They can not agree on the bumper sticker .
>>
Wallace : General john Abizaid , commander of all U.S. Forces in the middle east , you quote him as saying privately a year ago that the U.S. Should start cutting its troops in Iraq .
You report that he told some close army friends , " we 've got to get the 'f ' out . "
And then this past march , general abizaid visited congressman john Murtha on capitol hill .
>> Woodward : John Murtha is , in many ways , the soul and the conscience of the military .
And he came out and said , " we need to get out of Iraq as soon as it's practical . "
And that sent a 10,000 - volt jolt through the white house .
>>
Wallace : Yeah .
>>
Woodward :
And here 's mr .
Military saying , " we need to get out . "
And john Abizaid went to see him privately .
This is Bush 's and Rumsfeld 's commander in iraq .
>>
Wallace : Right .
>>
Woodward :
And john Abizaid held up his fingers , according to Murtha , and said , " we 're about a quarter of an inch apart , " he said .
" We 're that far apart . "
>> Wallace : Abizaid and Murtha ?
>>
Woodward : That far apart .
>>
Wallace : You report that after George W. Bush was reelected , his then - chief of staff , Andy Card , tried for months to convince the president to fire don rumsfeld .
Why ?
>>
Woodward : To replace him .
Because it was n't working .
Card felt very strongly that the president needed a whole new national security team .
>>
Wallace :
You write Laura Bush was worried that Rumsfeld was hurting her husband .
Andy Card told her the president seemed happy with Rumsfeld .
And the first lady replied , " he 's happy with this , but I 'm not . "
And later she said , " I do n't know why he 's not upset . "
>>
Woodward :
What 's interesting , Andy Card , as white house chief of staff , every six weeks set up a one - on - one meeting with laura Bush , set aside an hour and a half to talk about what 's going on , what are the president 's anxieties ?
Smart meeting .
>>
Wallace : Uh-huh .
>>
Woodward :
And in the course of these sessions , the problem with rumsfeld came up and she voiced her concern about the situation .
>>
Wallace : But Dick Cheney wanted Rumsfeld to stay .
Why ?
>>
Woodward : Well , Rumsfeld 's his guy and Cheney confided to an aide that if Rumsfeld goes , next they 'll be after Cheney .
>>
Wallace : Cheney stunned Woodward by revealing that a frequent advisor to the Bush white house is former secretary of state Henry Kissinger , who served presidents nixon and ford during the vietnam war .
>>
Woodward : He 's back .
In fact , Henry Kissinger is almost like a member of the family .
If he 's in town , he can call up , and if the president 's free , he 'll see him .
>>
Wallace : Woodward recorded his on - the - record interview with Cheney , and here 's what the vice president said about Henry Kissinger 's clout .
>> Dick Cheney :
Of the outside people that I talk to in this job , I probably talk to Henry Kissinger more than just about anybody else .
He just comes by , and I guess at least once a month I sit down with him .
>>
Wallace :
And the same with the president ?
>> Woodward : Yes .
Absolutely .
>>
Wallace : President Bush is , i understand ...
>>
Woodward : A big fan of his .
Now , what 's Kissinger 's advice ?
In iraq , he declared very simply : Victory is the only meaningful exit strategy .
This is so fascinating .
Kissinger 's fighting the vietnam war again , because in his view , the problem in Vietnam was we lost our will .
That we did n't stick to it .
>> Wallace : So Henry Kissinger is telling George W. Bush , " stick to it .
Stay the course . "
>>
Woodward :
That 's right .
It 's right out of the Kissinger playbook .
>>
Wallace :
In his book , published by cbs sister company Simon and Shuster , Woodward reports that the first president Bush confided to one of his closest friends how upset he is that his son invaded iraq .
The former president Bush is said to be in agony , anguished , tormented by the war in Iraq and its aftermath .
>>
Woodward : Yes .
>>
Wallace :
And does he tell that to his boy ?
>>
Woodward : I do n't know the answer to that .
He tells it to brent scowcroft , his former national security advisor .
>>
Wallace :
You paint a picture , bob , of the president as the " cheerleader - in - chief , " current reality be damned .
He 's convinced that he 's going to succeed in iraq , yes ?
>>
Woodward : Yes , that 's correct .
Now ...
>>
Wallace :
You believe that he believes ?
>>
Woodward : I do .
>>
Wallace : How well do you know him ?
>>
Woodward : Interviewed him for the first two books for hours .
>>
Wallace :
And do you know what ?
There are people who are going to say , " loo woodward is savaging president Bush because he would n't see him for this book . "
>>
Woodward :
That 's not true .
>>
Wallace : Well , he ... he did n'T .
>>
Woodward :
He did not , and i asked .
And I made it very clear to the white house what my questions were , what my information was .
What could he say , that the secret chart is not right ?
That these things that happened in these meetings did n't occur ?
They 're documented .
I talked to the people who were there .
Your producer , bob anderson , has listened to the tapes my interviews with people to make sure that it's not just " kind of " right , but literally right .
This is what occurred .
>>
Wallace : And Woodward says that no matter what 's occurred in iraq , mr .
Bush does not welcome any pessimistic assessments from his aides because he 's sure that his war has iraq and america on the right path .
>>
Woodward : Late last year , he had key republicans up to the white house to talk about the war and said , " I will not withdraw even if laura and barney are the only ones supporting me . "
Barney is his dog .
My work on this leads to lots of people who spend hours , days with the president .
>>
Wallace : Uh-huh .
>>
Woodward :
And in most cases , they are my best sources .
And there is a concern that we need to face realism , not being the voice that says , " oh , no , everything 's fine , " when it 's not . <
Is Alfred Rava the Grinch who would steal Mother ’s Day ?
Even as major league baseball players hefted pink bats during games Sunday to draw attention to breast cancer research , the San Diego - based attorney was trying to stop teams from using tote bags and other inexpensive swag to persuade mothers to spend part of their day at the ballpark .
For the record : For The Record
Los Angeles Times Friday May 19 , 2006 Home Edition Main News Part A Page 2 National Desk 2 inches ; 77 words Type of Material : Correction
Baseball promotions :
An article in Tuesday ’s Sports section about the legality of some promotions sponsored by professional baseball teams incorrectly stated that Alfred Rava sued the nonprofit City Ballet of San Diego .
The attorney sued Spreckels Theater and Theatrical Enterprises Inc. , which own the venue where the ballet performs .
The article also said that Rava reached an out - of - court settlement in a discrimination lawsuit involving several San Diego - area bar owners .
The settlement was reached during the court proceeding .
For The Record
Los Angeles Times Saturday June 03 , 2006 Home Edition Main News Part A Page 2 National Desk 1 inches ; 36 words Type of Material : Correction
Baseball promotions : A May 16 article in the Sports section incorrectly stated that attorney Alfred Rava received $ 125,000 from a settlement to a legal action .
The settlement was awarded , but not entirely paid , to several plaintiffs .
The civil lawsuits Rava has filed against the Angels , San Diego Padres and Oakland Athletics are among more than 40 legal actions he has brought under California ’s Unruh Civil Rights
Act , which prohibits discrimination based on sex , race , color , religion , ancestry , national origin , disability , medical conditions , marital status and sexual orientation .
In the past , Rava has targeted bars that dangled cheap drinks and cut-rate admission on “ ladies nights . ”
He also has sued nonprofit cultural organizations in San Diego that offered discounted tickets to certain demographic groups .
Advertisement
Rava said he first considered suing a baseball team after being denied a “ reversible bucket hat ” at an A ’s game on Mother ’s Day in 2004 .
“ I was shocked that a seemingly sophisticated business in the 21st century would treat customers differently based on their sex , ” Rava said .
Some attorneys believe that Rava is misusing the Unruh Act by filing nuisance lawsuits and then seeking financial settlements out of court .
Rava insists that is n’t the case -- though he acknowledges that the Mother ’s Day promotions he is contesting in California probably would be legal in states that lack Unruh - type protections .
Though spokesmen for the three franchises and Major League Baseball declined to comment on specifics of the lawsuits , Rava clearly has the league ’s attention .
Advertisement
After being hit last week with Rava ’s lawsuit challenging the legality of their 2005 Mother ’s Day promotion , the Angels agreed to make totes available Sunday to the first 25,000 adult fans , regardless of their gender or whether they had children .
Similarly , after being sued last week for a 2004 Mother ’s Day promotion , the A ’s agreed to let men attend a “ Baseball 101 " program that previously had been marketed exclusively to women .
And the Padres no longer market a women - only baseball clinic after settling a suit filed by Rava last year , said Jeff Overton , the club ’s executive vice president of business operations .
The Dodgers continue to offer gender - specific promotions , such as a June 18 “ Father ’s Day Catch ” on the field and a July 29 Smashbox Cosmetics giveaway , but have not been sued by Rava -- perhaps because team officials say moms wo n’t be kept off the field and men can , if they wish , try to snare some lipstick .
Advertisement
Word of the MLB lawsuits -- which sparked intense discussion on sports talk radio -- did n’t surprise some who previously had been sued by Rava .
Orange County bar owner Carl Leslie ’s first thought after hearing of the Angels lawsuit was , “ Could this be the same guy who came after me ? ” Leslie settled a 2004 lawsuit brought by Rava over a “ ladies night ” promotion at his bar rather than wage an expensive court battle .
Rava has reached several out - of - court settlements , including a 2003 agreement in which seven San Diego bar owners paid him $ 125,000 .
He ’s also lost some court cases .
Evelyn F. Heidelburg , an attorney who successfully defended San Diego ’s City Ballet organization against a 2005 lawsuit filed by Rava , suggested that the attorney seems to be carving out “ a little niche ” in the legal world .
Advertisement
Rava had sued the nonprofit group for offering cheap tickets designed to attract young families that generally do n’t attend ballet performances .
“ In my view , he ’s abusing the Unruh Act , ” Heidelburg said .
“ I was glad to be able to stop him down here . ”
In interviews and e-mails , Rava referred to the big league giveaways as “ sex discrimination on steroids ” and compared them to “ having an Easter Day promotion and giving chocolate Easter bunnies to everybody except Jews , Hindus , Buddhists and Muslims . ”
The Unruh Act offers consumers protection against arbitrary or intentional discrimination , said USC law professor David B. Cruz .
The act prohibits businesses from linking their pricing to a customer ’s race , sex or marital status .
For example , the California Supreme Court upheld a ruling that found a car wash operator guilty of discrimination for offering women cheaper rates than men could get .
Advertisement
The act does n’t specifically address giveaways , Cruz said , so a court eventually would have to determine whether a gender - specific offer of a tote bag or a hat represents an illegal business practice .
The court also would have to determine if male fans who did n’t get a hat or tote qualified for damages -- a not insignificant matter given Rava ’s claim that the baseball teams and their corporate sponsors should be on the hook for tens of millions in damages .
Lawsuits that seek to limit how companies promote themselves are of significant interest to the $ 400 - billion promotions industry .
“ If your object as a company is to increase your market share in a particular [ demographic ] segment , you ’re going to do things that are relevant to that particular market , ” said Claire Rosenzweig , president of the New York - based Promotion Marketing Assn .
Advertisement
“ And platforms like sports teams are great ones because the consumers are already in the park .
You ’re reaching them through something they really enjoy . ”
Given that the Angels , A’s and Padres seem to be opening their promotions to all fans , has n’t Rava gotten what he and his clients wanted ?
“ We got one good result [ in that ] they stopped doing it , ” Rava said .
“ But that does n’t address the other remedy .
We want the statuary damages for discriminating based on sex . ”
Oddly enough , the Angels ’ planned tote bag distribution on Sunday failed to materialize because the bags that were being shipped from an overseas manufacturer did n’t arrive in time .
Moms , dads and others who wanted a tote instead got vouchers that can be redeemed at a later date .
Although the title of this entry is HelpSpot Versus FogBugz , I really do n’t think it ’s exactly appropriate even though almost everyone seems to want to compare the two head to head ( and I have to admit I was somewhat guilty of this last year too ) .
Even Ian , the creator of HelpSpot , goes so far as to say that HelpSpot and FogBugz are 80 % similar .
I ’m going to disagree with him and say the reverse , that they ’re only about 20 % similar .
My company LandlordMax currently uses both of these systems and they ’re both great , they both help us tremendously .
I ca n’t imagine being without either .
Now the first thing you should notice is that I said we ’re both using them simultaneously .
How ’s that possible if they ’re competing products ?
The truth is that they do have some overlapping features , there ’s no doubt about it , but their core competencies are very different .
HelpSpot ‘s core competency is customer service .
This includes support ( email and online form ) , customer facing ( presentation ) , user manuals , forums , etc .
FogBugz is mainly about bug tracking and project management ( which in themselves are huge ) .
The overlap is because FogBugz also includes as part of their package a customer service system , and this is where the confusion begins .
When we initially were trying to decide , we went with FogBugz for the simple reason that we got a customer service system with a bug tracking and project management system .
We basically were able to get a lot of bang for a lot less buck .
FogBugz does a great job of project management and bug tracking .
It lets you create multiple projects , move cases between projects , set priorities , estimate times , capture screenshots and create new cases directly in the system , link your cases to your version control , create release notes from the cases , link the cases internally , etc .
This is all great !
it ’s saved us a tremendous amount of time and really helped streamline our development process .
The only thing I ’d like see is more reports , right now this is very basic or you can purchase a third party software such as Case Detective and DBxtra for FogBugz .
Initially for customer service we also used FogBugz through email .
That is as it received emails it would then classify them as new cases within the Inbox ( which is basically the same as creating a new case for project called “ Inbox ” ) .
From here you can treat it as another project case , with the added ability to respond to it ( i.e. email the customer ) .
This worked for us for a while .
In the last month or so we started to notice that several of our customers were n’t receiving their reply emails .
The issue was because some of the larger email services started to classify some of our emails as spam ( probably because they contained terms like mortgage , real estate , etc. – remember our domain is property management software ) and move them to their junk folders , at which points many people simply did n’t see them there .
I can understand this , it ’s the reality of emailing and spam .
However understanding and dealing with it were two seperate issues .
In our case , it ended up with me sending them a personal email from this domain ( FollowSteph.com ) explaning what was happening .
After several of these , we decided we needed to take more proactive actions .
Initially we looked at FogBugz to help resolve this as it had served us well in the past .
However after some emails with the FogBugz support staff and a lot of digging , we found that FogBugz was limited in two respects for us .
The first was that if we were to put an online form , FogBugz only has the option of sending an email with the link to the response page .
It ’s not possible to immediately forward the user to the response webpage ( so that they can bookmark it and return to it later should the email get wrongly filtered ) .
Secondly , we quickly found out that FogBugz was not designed to be customer facing .
As soon as we started to try to change the look and feel of the system it got very difficult .
There are a lot of files to modify with a lot of code and it he presentation logic appears intertwined with the backend logic .
For example , a lot of the code goes through a default .
php file which is very large file .
All things considered , I can completely understand why FogBugz never really took the time to design their system for customer facing .
Remember their core competency is bug tracking and project management , both internal functions .
Customer service is mainly done through email , which you can see if you deal with FogBugz themselves .
They do provide the functionality but I personally would n’t present the interface as it is to the client , even assuming that the layout looked the same as your website , because it ’s a fairly advanced user interface .
This brings us to HelpSpot .
We re-evaluated HelpSpot and we noticed it did this and much more in regards to customer service .
It ’s core competency is customer service .
Ian , the founder , even mentions that HelpSpot can forced to be a bug tracking system , but it ’s really not meant for that .
HelpSpot is a customer service system .
It provides all the functionality for email support ( for example you can have part of the request be private whereas in FogBugz everything is public ) .
It provides enhanced request support , reporting , etc .
It also has an easy to use method of tracking tickets online , so that if the customer ’s email is filtered as spam and therefore missed , they can just go back to the response web page ( with a bookmark ) to see if their request has been answered .
HelpSpot also offers automation rules on just about anything , which is very handy for customer service ( for example we have it that tickets that have no activity from either us or our customers for at least 7 days get automatically closed ) .
HelpSpot also really shines when it comes to customer facing .
Because it ’s core competency is customer service , it ’s expected that many of HelpSpot ’s customers will want their support system to be accessed directly online by the public , so this has been built into the design .
HelpSpot calls it “ Portal ” functionality , which in essence means that they ’ve built the ability to template it .
What ’s great about this is that it ’s really easy ( I did the customization of HelpSpot for LandlordMax myself ) to change the look and feel in minutes .
All the files are located in folder called “ custom - templates ” and there are about a dozen .
As far as I remember , almost all of the files are down to one page and self - explanatory , containing only the presentation logic .
They are n’t litered with all kinds of business logic .
So for example , if you decide you want to move the search form to the top of the page , all you need to do is copy / paste a line to the location you need .
If you want to “ skin ” the website , there is one header , footer , and navigation files which you can edit .
The beauty is that you do n’t really need to understand the backend or worry about moving around the code , it just works .
The other part where HelpSpot shines is the “ Knowledge Books “ .
This might not seem like such a big feature at first , but once we integrated the LandlordMax User Manual into it , the whole user manual was searchable .
Not only that , we ’re also in the process of adding our FAQ ( Frequetly Asked Questions ) and it will search through both documents showing all the results .
This is very handy since a lot of our customers often ask similar questions .
For example some of the most common pre-sales questions are : How many units can the software handle ?
Do I receive any upgrades with my purchase ?
Both are answered on the first page but not directly ( for example “ No need to worry about getting the latest version .
You get every release for 1 year ” ) .
In either case , since people ask us these questions , it means that we ’re not answering them clearly enough ( we ’re continually working on this ) .
The good news though is that if you go to the “ Get Support ” page , you will be able to enter in the search field ( coming this week ) “ How many units can the software handle ? ” and one of the first search results you ’ll see is “ FAQ ~ How Many Units Can I Enter ? ” ( as well as several references to other similar topics ) .
As for discussion forums it appears that HelpSpot is more advanced , but I ca n’t say for certain as I have n’t used it .
I have used the FogBugz discussion forum in the past for FollowSteph.com , at least until I converted it over to WordPress , and it worked as expected .
It ’s a very easy and simple discussion forum .
I have no complaints , it did what I needed it to do .
As you ’ve probably noticed from this entry , I ’ve talked a bit more about HelpSpot , and that ’s because I ’m trying to write a HelpSpot Versus FogBugz entry , which means I need to focus on the similarities .
Overall , where they overlap , HelpSpot seems to be ahead .
That being said , do remember that FogBugz ’s core competency is not on the aspects that they overlap .
HelpSpot is about customer service and FogBugz is about project management and bug tracking .
At the end of the day , my recommendation is this .
If you need a project management system and bug tracking system use FogBugz .
If you need a customer service system , use HelpSpot .
In retrospect , I believe we made a mistake in our initial decision of just purchasing FogBugz , we should have purchased both systems initially rather than to try and save a few dollars .
We would have been much further ahead as we needed both .
So plain and simple , use each system for what they are meant to be used for .
We use them both because we need both functionality and prefer to have better tools .
It might be a little more expensive than just using one , but the difference in functionality and how much they can help you is definitely worth it !
Bell Labs and CSP Threads Russ Cox
rsc@swtch.com
Also available in Serbo- Croatian , Swedish
Introduction
This page is a slice of the history of concurrent programming , focusing on one particular lineage of Hoare 's language of communicating sequential processes ( CSP ) [ 1 ] [ 1a ] .
Concurrent programming in this style is interesting for reasons not of efficiency but of clarity .
That is , it is a widespread mistake to think only of concurrent programming as a means to increase performance , e.g. , to overlap disk I / O requests , to reduce latency by prefetching results to expected queries , or to take advantage of multiple processors .
Such advantages are important but not relevant to this discussion .
After all , they can be realized in other styles , such as asynchronous event - driven programming .
Instead , we are interested in concurrent programming because it provides a natural abstraction that can make some programs much simpler .
What this is not
Most computer science undergraduates are forced to read Andrew Birrell 's “ An Introduction to Programming with Threads . ”
The SRC threads model is the one used by most thread packages currently available .
The problem with all of these is that they are too low - level .
Unlike the communication primitive provided by Hoare , the primitives in the SRC - style threading module must be combined with other techniques , usually shared memory , in order to be used effectively .
In general , programmers tend not to build their own higher - level constructs , and are left frustrated by needing to pay attention to such low - level details .
For the moment , push Birrell 's tutorial out of your mind .
This is a different thread model .
If you approach it as a different thread model , you may well find it much easier to understand .
Communicating Sequential Processes
By 1978 , there were many proposed methods in use for communication and synchronization in the context of programming multiprocessors .
Shared memory was the most common communication mechanism , and semaphores , critical regions , and monitors were among the synchronization mechanisms .
C. A. R. Hoare addressed both issues with a single language primitive : synchronous communication .
In Hoare 's CSP language , processes communicate by sending or receiving values from named unbuffered channels .
Since the channels are unbuffered , the send operation blocks until the value has been transferred to a receiver , thus providing a mechanism for synchronization .
One of Hoare 's examples is that of reformatting 80 - column cards for printing on a 125 - column printer .
In his solution , one process reads a card at a time , sending the disassembled contents character by character to a second process .
This second process assembles groups of 125 characters , sending the groups to the line printer .
This sounds trivial , but in the absence of buffered I/O libraries , the necessary bookkeeping involved in a single - process solution is onerous .
In fact , buffered I/O libraries are really just encapsulations of these two sorts of processes that export the single - character communication interface .
As another example , which Hoare credits to Doug McIlroy , consider the generation of all primes less than a thousand .
The sieve of Eratosthenes can be simulated by a pipeline of processes executing the following pseudocode :
p = get a number from left neighbor print p loop : n = get a number from left neighbor if ( p does not divide n ) send n to right neighbor
A generating process can feed the numbers 2 , 3 , 4 , ... , 1000 into the left end of the pipeline : the first process in the line eliminates the multiples of 2 , the second eliminates the multiples of 3 , the third eliminates the multiples of 5 , and so on :
The linear pipeline nature of the examples thus far is misrepresentative of the general nature of CSP , but even restricted to linear pipelines , the model is quite powerful .
The power has been forcefully demonstrated by the success of the filter - and - pipeline approach for which the Unix operating system is well known [ 2 ]
Indeed , pipelines predate Hoare 's paper .
In an internal Bell Labs memo dated October 11 , 1964 , Doug McIlroy was toying with ideas that would become Unix pipelines : “ We should have some ways of coupling programs like garden hose -- screw in another segment when it becomes necessary to massage data in another way .
This is the way of IO also . ” [ 3 ]
Hoare 's communicating processes are more general than typical Unix shell pipelines , since they can be connected in arbitrary patterns .
In fact , Hoare gives as an example a 3x3 matrix of processes somewhat like the prime sieve that can be used to multiply a vector by a 3x3 square matrix .
Of course , the Unix pipe mechanism does n't require the linear layout ; only the shell syntax does .
McIlroy reports toying with syntax for a shell with general plumbing early on but not liking the syntax enough to implement it ( personal communication , 2011 ) .
Later shells did support some restricted forms of non-linear pipelines .
Rochkind 's 2dsh supports dags ; Tom Duff 's rc supports trees .
Hoare 's language was novel and influential , but lacking in a few key aspects .
The main defect is that the unbuffered channels used for communication are not first - class objects : they can not be stored in variables , passed as arguments to functions , or sent across channels .
As a result of this , the communication structure must be fixed while writing the program .
Hence we must write a program to print the first 1000 primes rather than the first n primes , and to multiply a vector by a 3x3 matrix rather than an nxn matrix .
Pan and Promela
In 1980 , barely two years after Hoare 's paper , Gerard Holzmann and Rob Pike created a protocol analyzer called pan that takes a CSP dialect as input .
Pan 's CSP dialect had concatenation , selection , and looping , but no variables .
Even so , Holzmann reports that “ Pan found its first error in a Bell Labs data - switch control protocol on 21 November 1980 . ” [ 14 ] .
That dialect may well have been the first CSP language at Bell Labs , and it certainly provided Pike with experience using and implementing a CSP - like language , his first of many .
Holzmann 's protocol analyzer developed into the Spin model checker and its Promela language , which features first - class channels in the same way as Newsqueak ( q.v. ) .
Newsqueak
Moving in a different direction , Luca Cardelli and Rob Pike developed the ideas in CSP into the Squeak mini-language [ 4 ] for generating user interface code .
( This Squeak is distinct from the Squeak Smalltalk implementation . )
Pike later expanded Squeak into the fully - fledged programming language Newsqueak [ 5 ] [ 6 ] which begat Plan 9's Alef [ 7 ] [ 8 ] , Inferno's Limbo [ 9 ] , and Google 's Go [ 13 ] .
The main semantic advantage of Newsqueak over Squeak is that Newsqueak treats communications channels as first - class objects : unlike in CSP and Squeak , channels can be stored in variables , passed as arguments to functions , and sent across channels .
This in turn enables the programmatic construction of the communication structure , thus allowing the creation of more complex structures than would be reasonable to design by hand .
In particular , Doug McIlroy demonstrated how the communication facilities of Newsqueak can be employed to write elegant programs for manipulating symbolic power series [ 10 ] .
Similar attempts in traditional languages tend to mire in bookkeeping .
In a similar vein , Rob Pike demonstrated how the communication facilities can be employed to break out of the common event - based programming model , writing a concurrent window system [ 11 ] .
Alef
Alef [ 7 ] [ 8 ] was a language designed by Phil Winterbottom to apply the Newsqueak ideas to a full - fledged systems programming language .
Alef has two types of what we have been calling processes : procs and threads .
The program is organized into one or more procs , which are shared - memory operating system processes that can be preemptively scheduled .
Each proc contains one or more tasks , which are cooperatively scheduled coroutines .
Note that each task is assigned to a particular proc : they do not migrate between procs .
The main use of procs is to provide contexts that can block for I/O independently of the main tasks .
( Plan 9 has no select call , and even on Unix you need multiple procs if you want to overlap computation with non-network I /O. )
The Acme paper [ 12 ] has a nice brief discussion of procs and threads , as do the lecture notes about the Plan 9 window system , also mentioned below .
Limbo
The Inferno operating system is a Plan 9 spinoff intended for set - top boxes .
Its programming language , Limbo [ 9 ] , was heavily influenced by Alef .
It removed the distinction between procs and tasks , effectively having just procs , though they were of lighter weight than what most people think of as processes .
All parallelism is preemptive .
It is interesting that despite this , the language provides no real support for locking .
Instead , the channel communication typically provides enough synchronization and encourages programmers to arrange that there is always a clear owner for any piece of data .
Explicit locking is unnecessary .
Libthread
Back in the Plan 9 world , the Alef compilers turned out to be difficult to maintain as Plan 9 was ported to ever more architectures .
Libthread was originally created to port
Alef programs to C , so that the Alef compilers could be retired .
Alef 's procs and tasks are called procs and threads in libthread .
The manual page is the definitive reference .
Go
Rob Pike and Ken Thompson moved on to Google and placed CSP at the center of the Go language 's concurrency support .
Getting Started
To get a feel for the model , especially how processes and threads interact , it is worth reading the Alef User 's Guide [ 8 ] .
The first thirty slides of this presentation are a good introduction to how Alef constructs are represented in C .
The best examples of the power of the CSP model are McIlroy 's and Pike 's papers , mentioned above [ 10 ] [ 11 ] .
Rob Pike 's home page contains lecture notes from a course on concurrent programming : an introduction , and slides about the two aforementioned papers : squinting and window system .
The last of the three provides a good example of how Plan 9 programs typically use procs and tasks .
Rob Pike gave a tech talk at Google that provides a good introduction ( 57 minute video ) .
Rob Pike 's half of his 2010 Google I/O talk with Russ Cox shows how to use channels and Go's concurrency to implement a load balancing work management system .
Related Resources
John Reppy has applied the same ideas to ML , producing Concurrent ML .
He used CML to build , among other things , the eXene multithreaded ( non-event - driven ) X Window System toolkit .
References
[ 1 ] C. A. R. Hoare , “ Communicating Sequential Processes , ” Communications of the ACM 21 ( 8 ) ( August 1978 ) , 666-677 .
[ 1a ] C. A. R. Hoare , Communicating Sequential Processes .
Prentice Hall , Englewood Cliffs , New Jersey , 1985 .
[ 2 ] Michael S. Mahoney , ed. , The Unix Oral History Project , Release 0 : The Beginning
[ 3 ] M. Douglas McIlroy , internal Bell Labs memorandum , October 1964 .
[ 4 ] Luca Cardelli and Rob Pike , “ Squeak : a Language for Communicating with Mice , ” Computer Graphics , 19 ( 3 ) ( July 1985 : SIGGRAPH ' 85 Proceedings ) , 199-204 .
[ 5 ] Rob Pike , “ The Implementation of Newsqueak , ” Software -- Practice and Experience , 20 ( 7 ) ( July 1990 ) , 649-659 .
[ 6 ]
Rob Pike , “ Newsqueak : a Language for Communicating with Mice , ” Computing Science Technical Report 143 , AT&T Bell Laboratories , Murray Hill , 1989 .
[ 7 ]
Phil Winterbottom , “ Alef Language Reference Manual , ” in Plan 9 Programmer 's Manual : Volume Two , AT&T , Murray Hill , 1995 .
[ 8 ] Bob Flandrena , “ Alef Users ' Guide , ” in Plan 9 Programmer 's Manual : Volume Two , AT&T , Murray Hill , 1995 .
[ 9 ]
Dennis M. Ritchie , “ The Limbo Programming Language , ” in Inferno Programmer 's Manual , Volume 2 , Vita Nuova Holdings Ltd. , York , 2000 .
[ 10 ] M. Douglas McIlroy , “ Squinting at Power Series , ” Software -- Practice and Experience , 20 ( 7 ) ( July 1990 ) , 661-683 .
[ 11 ] Rob Pike , “ A Concurrent Window System , ” Computing Systems , 2( 2 ) 133-153 .
[ 12 ] Rob Pike , “ Acme : A User Interface for Programmers , ” Proceedings of the Winter 1994 USENIX Conference , 223-234 .
[ 13 ] golang.org , “ The Go Programming Language ” .
[ 14 ] Gerard Holzmann , “ Spin 's Roots ” .
[ 15 ] Gerard Holzmann , “ Promela Language Reference ” .
You ’ve heard the president and vice president say it over and over in various ways :
There was a connection between the events of Sept. 11 , 2001 , and Iraq .
Let ’s take this seriously and consider some of the links between the two .
Numbers and Comparisons
At least 3,438 Iraqis died by violent means during July ( roughly similar numbers died in June and August ) , significantly more than the 2,973 people who died in the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
1,536 Iraqis died in Baghdad alone in August , according to revised figures from the Baghdad morgue .
That ’s over half the 9/11 casualties in one city in one increasingly typical month .
According to the Washington Post , this figure does not include suicide - bombing victims and others taken to the city ’s hospitals , nor does it include deaths in towns near the capital .
By the beginning of September , 2,974 U.S. military service members had died in Iraq and in the Bush administration ’s Global War on Terror , more than died in the attacks of 9/11 .
( Twenty - two more American soldiers died in Iraq in the first nine days of September ; at least three in Afghanistan . )
Five years later , according to Emily Gosden and David Randall of the British newspaper the Independent , the Bush administration ’s Global War on Terror has resulted in , at a minimum , 20 times the deaths of 9/11 ; at a maximum , 60 times .
It has “ directly killed a minimum of 62,006 people , created 4.5 million refugees , and cost the U.S. more than the sum needed to pay off the debts of every poor nation on earth .
If estimates of other , unquantified , deaths  of insurgents , the Iraq military during the 2003 invasion , those not recorded individually by Western media , and those dying from wounds  are included , then the toll could reach as high as 180,000 . ”
According to Australian journalist Paul McGeough , Iraqi officials ( and others ) estimate that that country ’s death toll since 2003 “ stands at 50,000 or more  the proportional equivalent of about 570,000 Americans . ”
Last week , the U.S. Senate agreed to appropriate another $ 63 billion for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan , where costs have been averaging $ 10 billion a month so far this year .
This brings the ( taxpayer ) cost for Bush ’s wars so far to about $ 469 billion and climbing .
That ’s the equivalent of 469 Ground Zero memorials at full cost - overrun estimates , double that if the memorial comes in at the recently revised budget of $ 500 million .
( Keep in mind that the estimated cost of these two wars does n’t include various perfectly real future payouts like those for the care of veterans and could rise into the trillions . )
In 2003 , with its invasion of Iraq over , the Bush administration had about 150,000 troops in Iraq .
Just under three and a half years later , almost as long as it took to win World War II in the Pacific , and despite much media coverage about coming force “ draw - downs , ” U.S. troop levels are actually rising  by 15,000 in the last month .
They now stand at 145,000 , just 5,000 short of the initial occupation figure .
( Pre-invasion , top administration officials like Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz took it for granted that American troop levels would be drawn down to the 30,000 range within three months of the taking of Baghdad . )
Reconstruction
While Americans are planning to remember 9/11 with four vast towers and a huge , extremely costly memorial sunk into Manhattan ’s Ground Zero , Baghdadis have been thinking a bit more practically .
They are putting scarce funds into constructing two new branch morgues ( with refrigeration units ) in the capital for what ’s now most plentiful in their country : dead bodies .
They plan to raise the city ’s morgue capacity to 250 bodies a day .
If fully used , that would be about 7,500 bodies a month .
Think of it as a hedge against ever more probable futures .
While the various New York memorial constructions ca n’t get off ( or into ) the ground , due to disputes and cost estimate overruns , what could be thought of as the real American memorial to Ground Zero is going up in the very heart of Baghdad ; and unlike the prospective structures in Manhattan or seemingly just about any other construction project in Iraq , it ’s on schedule .
According to Paul McGeough , the $ 787 million “ embassy , ” a 21 - building , heavily fortified complex ( not reliant on the capital ’s hopeless electricity or water systems ) will pack significant bang for the bucks  its own built - in surface - to - air missile emplacements as well as Starbucks and Krispy Kreme outlets , a beauty parlor , a swimming pool , and a sports center .
As essentially a “ suburb of Washington , ” with a predicted modest staff of 3,500 , it is a project that says , with all the hubris the Bush administration can muster :
We ’re not leaving .
Never .
Record - Breaking Months
Roadside bombs ( or IEDs ) , “ the leading killer of U.S. troops , ” rose to record numbers this summer  1,200 in August , quadrupling the January 2004 figures according to the Washington Post , while bomb and attack tips from Iraqi citizens fell drastically .
They plummeted from 5,900 in April to 3,700 in July .
( “ It will improve once it ’s not so darn lethal to go out on the street , ” was the optimistic observation of retired Army Gen. Montgomery C. Meigs , director of the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization . )
According to a recently released quarterly assessment the Pentagon is mandated to do for Congress , Iraqi casualties have soared by a record 51 percent in recent months , quadrupling in just two years .
From the same report , monthly attacks on U.S. and allied Iraqi forces rose to about 800 , doubling since early 2004 .
In Anbar province , the heartland of the Sunni insurgency ( where a “ very pessimistic ” secret Marine Corps assessment indicates that “ we have n’t been defeated militarily but we have been defeated politically  and that ’s where wars are won and lost ” ) , attacks averaged 30 a day .
A sideline record in the War on Terror : Afghanistan ’s already sizable opium crop is projected to increase by at least 50 percent this year and would then make up a startling 92 percent of the global supply .
According to Antonio Maria Costa , the global executive director of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime , those supplies would exceed global consumption by 30 percent  so other records loom .
( Meanwhile , according to the Washington Post , the investigation into the whereabouts of Osama bin Laden has hit a record low .
His trail has gone “ stone cold .
U.S. commandos whose job is to capture or kill Osama bin Laden have not received a credible lead in more than two years . ” )
The Iraqi Condition
Along with civil war , the ethnic cleansing of neighborhoods , the still - strengthening insurgency , and the security situation from hell , Iraqis are also experiencing soaring inflation , possibly reaching 70 percent this year ( which would more than double last year ’s 32 percent rise ) ; stagnant salaries ( where they even exist ) ; an “ inert ” banking system ; gas and electricity prices up in a year by 270 percent ; massive corruption ( “ An audit sponsored by the United Nations last week found hundreds of millions of dollars of Iraq ’s oil revenue had been wrongly tallied last year or had gone missing altogether ” ) ; lack of adequate electricity or potable water supplies ; tenaciously high unemployment , ranging  depending upon the estimate  from 15 - 50/60 percent ( the recent Pentagon report to Congress offers Iraqi government figures of 18 percent unemployment and 34 percent underemployment ) ; acute shortages of gasoline , kerosene , and cooking gas in the country with the planet ’s third largest oil reserves , forcing the Iraqi government to devote $ 800 million in scarce funds to importing refined oil products from neighboring countries and making endless gas lines and overnight waits the essence of normal life ( “ Filling up now requires several days ’ pay , monastic patience or both ” ) ; an oil industry , already ragged at the time of the invasion , which has since gone steadily downhill ( its three main oil refineries are now functioning at half - capacity and processing only half the number of barrels of oil as before the invasion , while the biggest refinery in Baiji sometimes operates at as little as 7.5 percent of capacity ) ; government gas subsidies severely cut ( at the urging of the International Monetary Fund ) ; malnutrition on the rise and , according to that Pentagon report to Congress , 25.9 percent of Iraqi children are stunted in their growth .
In other words , economically speaking , Iraq has essentially been deconstructed .
Diving Into Iraq
On Dec. 9 , 2001 , Vice President Cheney began publicly arguing on Meet the Press that there were Iraqi connections to the 9/11 attacks .
It was “ pretty well confirmed , ” he told Tim Russert , that Mohammed Atta , the lead hijacker , had met the previous April in Prague with a “ senior official of the Iraqi intelligence service . ”
On Sept. 8 , 2002 , he returned to the program and reaffirmed this supposed fact even more strongly .
( “ [ Atta ] did apparently travel to Prague on a number of occasions .
And on at least one occasion , we have reporting that places him in Prague with a senior Iraqi intelligence official a few months before the attack on the World Trade Center . ” )
All of this  and there was much more of it from Cheney , the president , and other top officials , always leaving Iraq and 9/11 , or Saddam and al - Qaeda , or Saddam and Zarqawi in the same rhetorical neighborhood with the final linking usually left to the listener  was quite literally so much Bushwa .
These were claims debunked within the intelligence community and elsewhere before , during , and after the invasion of Iraq .
We learned only the other day from a belated partial report by the Senate Intelligence Committee that U.S. intelligence analysts were strongly disputing the alleged links between Saddam Hussein and al - Qaeda while senior Bush administration officials were publicly asserting those links to justify invading Iraq .
We learned as well that our intelligence people knew Saddam Hussein had actually tried to capture Zarqawi and that the claim that Zarqawi and he were somehow in cahoots was utterly repudiated last fall by the CIA .
None of this stopped the vice president or president  who as late as this Aug. 21 insisted that Saddam “ had relations with Zarqawi ”  from continuing to make such implicit or explicit linkages even as they also backtracked from the claims .
As is often the case , under such lies and manipulations lurks a deeper truth .
In this case , let ’s call it the truth of wish fulfillment .
The link between 9/11 and Iraq is unfortunately all too real .
The Bush administration made it so in the heat of the post - 9/11 shock .
Think of that link this way :
In the immediate wake of 9/11 , our president and vice president hijacked our country , using the low - tech rhetorical equivalents of box cutters and mace ; then , with most passengers on board and not quite enough of the spirit of United Flight 93 to spare , after a brief Afghan overflight , they crashed the plane of state directly into Iraq , causing the equivalent of a Katrina that never ends and turning that country  from Basra in the south to the border of Kurdistan  into the global equivalent of Ground Zero .
Copyright 2006 Tom Engelhardt
Opinion
The oil in your oatmeal / A lot of fossil fuel goes into producing , packaging and shipping our breakfast
Please join me for breakfast .
It 's time to fuel up again .
On the table in my small Berkeley apartment this morning is a healthy - looking little meal -- a bowl of imported McCann 's Irish oatmeal topped with Cascadian Farms organic frozen raspberries , and a cup of Peet 's Fair Trade Blend coffee .
Like most of us , I prepare my breakfast at home , and the ingredients for this one probably cost me about $ 1.25 .
( If I went to a cafe in downtown Berkeley , I 'd probably have to add $ 6 more , plus tip , for the same . )
My breakfast fuels me up with about 400 calories , and it satisfies me .
So for just over a buck and half and an hour spent reading the morning paper in my own kitchen , I 'm energized for the next few hours .
But before I put spoon to cereal , what if I consider this bowl of oatmeal porridge ( to which I 've just added a little butter , milk and a shake of salt ) from a different perspective .
Say , a Saudi Arabian one .
Then what you'd be likely to see -- what 's really there , just hidden from our view ( not to say our taste buds ) -- is about 4 ounces of crude oil .
Throw in those luscious red raspberries and that cup of java ( an additional 3 ounces of crude ) , and do n't forget those modest additions of butter , milk and salt ( 1 more ounce ) , and you 've got a tiny bit of the Middle East right here in my kitchen .
Now , let 's drill a little deeper into this breakfast .
Just where does this tiny gusher of oil actually come from ?
( We 'll let this oil represent all fossil fuels in my breakfast , including natural gas and coal . )
Nearly 20 percent of this oil went into growing my raspberries on Chilean farms many thousands of miles away , those oats in the fields of County Kildare , Ireland , and that specially raised coffee in Guatemala -- think tractors as well as petroleum - based fertilizers and pesticides .
The next 40 percent of my breakfast fossil - fuel equation is burned up between the fields and the grocery store in processing , packaging and shipping .
Take that box of McCann 's oatmeal .
On it is an inviting image of pure , healthy goodness : a bowl of porridge , topped by two peach slices .
Scattered around the bowl are a handful of raw oats , what look to be four acorns and three fresh raspberries .
Those raw oats are actually a reminder that the flakes require a few steps ' twixt field and box .
In fact , a visit to McCann 's Web site illustrates each step of cleaning , steaming , hulling , cutting and rolling that turns the raw oats into edible flakes .
Those five essential steps require significant energy .
Next , my oat flakes go into a plastic bag ( made from oil ) , which in turn is inserted into an energy - intensive , pressed wood - pulp , printed paper box .
Only then does my breakfast leave Ireland and travel 5,000 fuel - gorging , carbon - dioxide - emitting miles by ship and truck to my grocery store in California .
Coming from another hemisphere , my raspberries take an even longer fossil - fueled journey to my neighborhood .
Though packaged in a plastic bag labeled Cascadian Farms ( which perhaps suggests birthplace in the good old Cascade mountains of northwest Washington ) , the small print on the back , stamped " A Product of Chile , " tells all -- and what it speaks of is a 5,800 - mile journey to Northern California .
If you 've been adding up percentages along the way , perhaps you 've noticed that a few tablespoons of crude oil in my bowl have not been accounted for .
That final 40 percent of the fossil fuel in my breakfast is used up by the simple acts of keeping food fresh and then preparing it .
In home kitchens and restaurants , chilling in refrigerators and cooking on stoves using electricity or natural gas gobbles up more energy than you might imagine .
For decades , scientists have calculated how much fossil fuel goes into our food by measuring the amount of energy consumed in growing , packing , shipping , consuming and finally disposing of it .
The caloric input of fossil fuel is then compared with the energy available in the edible product , the caloric output .
What they 've discovered is astonishing .
According to researchers at the University of Michigan 's Center for Sustainable Agriculture , an average of more than 7 calories of fossil fuel is burned up for every calorie of energy we get from our food .
This means that in eating my 400 - calorie breakfast , I will , in effect , have consumed 2,800 calories of fossil fuel energy .
( Some researchers claim the ratio is as high as 10 to 1 . )
But this is only an average .
My cup of coffee gives me just a few calories of energy , but to process 1 pound of coffee requires more than 8,000 calories of fossil - fuel energy -- the equivalent energy found in nearly a quart of crude oil , 30 cubic feet of natural gas or about 2 1/2 pounds of coal .
So how do you gauge how much oil went into your food ?
First check out how far it traveled .
The farther it went , the more oil it required .
Next , gauge how much processing went into the food .
A fresh apple is not processed , but Kellogg 's Apple Jacks cereal requires enormous amounts of energy to process .
The more processed the food , the more oil it requires .
Then consider how much packaging is wrapped around your food .
Buy fresh vegetables instead of canned , and buy bulk beans , grains , and flour if you want to reduce that packaging .
You may think you 're in the clear because you eat strictly organically grown foods .
When it comes to fossil - fuel calculations though , that is n't relevant .
However it is grown , a raspberry is shipped , packed and chilled the same way .
There is some energy savings in growing organically , but it 's probably slight .
According to a study by David Pimentel at Cornell University , 30 percent of fossil - fuel expenditure on farms growing conventional ( nonorganic ) crops is found in chemical fertilizer .
This 30 percent is not consumed on organic farms , but only if the manure used as fertilizer is produced very close to the farm .
Manure is a heavy , bulky product .
If farms have to truck bulk manure more than a few miles , the savings is eaten up in diesel - fuel consumption , according to Pimentel .
One source of manure for organic farmers in California is chicken producer Foster Farms .
Organic farmers in Monterey County , for example , will truck tons of Foster 's manure from their main plant in Livingston ( Merced County ) to fields more than 100 miles away .
So the next time we 're at the grocer , do we now have to ask not only where and how a product was grown , but how far its manure was shipped ?
Well , if you 're in New York City picking out a California - grown tomato that was fertilized with organic compost made from kelp shipped from Nova Scotia , maybe it 's not such a bad question .
But should we give up on organic ?
If you 're buying organic raspberries from Chile each week , then yes .
The fuel cost is too great , as is the resulting production of the greenhouse gases .
But if there was truth in packaging , where my oatmeal box now tells me how many calories I get from each serving , it would also tell me how many calories of fossil fuels went into the product .
On a scale from one to five -- with one being nonprocessed , locally grown products and five being processed , packaged imports -- we could quickly average the numbers in our shopping cart to get a sense of the ecological footprint of our diet .
What appeared to be my simple , healthy meal of oatmeal , berries and coffee looks different now .
I thought I was essentially driving a Toyota Prius hybrid by having a very fuel - efficient breakfast , but by the end of the week , I 've eaten the equivalent of more than two quarts of Valvoline .
From the perspective of fossil - fuel consumption , I now look at my breakfast as a waste of precious resources .
What I eat for breakfast connects me to the planet , deep into its past with the fossilized remains of plants and animals which are now fuel , and into the future , when these nonrenewable resources will probably be in scant supply .
Maybe these thoughts are too grand to be having over breakfast , but I 'm not the only one on the planet eating this morning .
My meal traveled thousands of miles to reach my plate .
Then there 's the rise of perhaps 600 million middle - class Indians and Chinese , already demanding the convenience of packaged meals and foreign flavors .
What happens when middle - class families in India or China decide they want their Irish oats for breakfast and topped by organic raspberries from Chile ?
They 'll dip more and more into the planet 's communal oil well .
And someday soon , we 'll all suck it dry .
A crude menu
A lot of fossil - fuel energy goes into the production of food :
-- Bowl of oatmeal porridge : 4 ounces of crude oil .
-- Serving of red raspberries : 1 ounce of crude oil .
-- Butter , milk and salt : 1 ounce of crude oil .
--
That cup of java : 2 ounces of crude oil .
-- Energy required to produce 1 pound of coffee : a quart of crude oil , 30 cubic feet of natural gas , or about 2 1/2 pounds of coal .
-- Energy required to produce one week 's worth of breakfast for one person :
More than 2 quarts of crude oil .
This whole article is worth reading , but I found this tidbit particularly interesting :
He was alluding to databases maintained at an AT&T data center in Kansas , which now contain electronic records of 1.92 trillion telephone calls , going back decades .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation , a digital - rights advocacy group , has asserted in a lawsuit that the AT&T Daytona system , a giant storehouse of calling records and Internet message routing information , was the foundation of the N.S.A. ’s effort to mine telephone records without a warrant .
An AT&T spokeswoman said the company would not comment on the claim , or generally on matters of national security or customer privacy .
But the mining of the databases in other law enforcement investigations is well established , with documented results .
One application of the database technology , called Security Call Analysis and Monitoring Platform , or Scamp , offers access to about nine weeks of calling information .
It currently handles about 70,000 queries a month from fraud and law enforcement investigators , according to AT&T documents .
A former AT&T official who had detailed knowledge of the call - record database said the Daytona system takes great care to make certain that anyone using the database – whether AT&T employee or law enforcement official with a subpoena – sees only information he or she is authorized to see , and that an audit trail keeps track of all users .
Such information is frequently used to build models of suspects ’ social networks .
The official , speaking on condition of anonymity because he was discussing sensitive corporate matters , said every telephone call generated a record : number called , time of call , duration of call , billing category and other details .
While the database does not contain such billing data as names , addresses and credit card numbers , those records are in a linked database that can be tapped by authorized users .
New calls are entered into the database immediately after they end , the official said , adding , “ I would characterize it as near real time . ”
According to a current AT&T employee , whose identity is being withheld to avoid jeopardizing his job , the mining of the AT&T databases had a notable success in helping investigators find the perpetrators of what was known as the Moldovan porn scam .
In 1997 a shadowy group in Moldova , a former Soviet republic , was tricking Internet users by enticing them to a pornography Web site that would download a piece of software that disconnected the computer user from his local telephone line and redialed a costly 900 number in Moldova .
While another long - distance carrier simply cut off the entire nation of Moldova from its network , AT&T and the Moldovan authorities were able to mine the database to track the culprits .
Mr. Nacchio's statement today made a point of saying that the N.S.A. requests occurred " at a time when there was no investigation of Qwest or Mr. Nacchio . "
Mr. Nacchio , who left Qwest in 2002 amid allegations of fraud at the company , was indicted in December on 42 charges of insider selling .
Prosecutors say Mr. Nacchio did not make investors aware of warnings from his managers that the company 's revenue and profit forecasts were too optimistic .
They say Mr. Nacchio kept this information to himself yet also sold 2.5 million shares of Qwest stock over five months in 2001 that netted $ 100 million .
The case could go to trial later this year .
On Thursday , some Republicans , including Representative Peter Hoekstra of Michigan , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , defended the N.S.A.'s activities and denounced the disclosure .
Mr. Hoekstra said the report " threatens to undermine our nation 's safety . "
" Rather than allow our intelligence professionals to maintain a laser focus on the terrorists , we are once again mired in a debate about what our intelligence community may or may not be doing , " he said .
But many Democrats and civil liberties advocates said they were disturbed by the report , invoking images of Big Brother and announcing legislation aimed at reining in the N.S.A.'s domestic operations .
Fifty - two members of Congress asked the president to name a special counsel to investigate the N.S.A.'s domestic surveillance programs .
Senator Arlen Specter , the Pennsylvania Republican who heads the Judiciary Committee , said the reported data - mining activities raised serious constitutional questions .
He said he planned to seek the testimony of telephone company executives .
The House majority leader , John A. Boehner of Ohio , said he wanted more information on the program because " I am not sure why it would be necessary to keep and have that kind of information . "
Mr. Bush did not directly confirm or deny the existence of the N.S.A. operation but said that " as a general matter , every time sensitive intelligence is leaked it hurts our ability to defeat this enemy . "
Q: Since we are mostly maintaining social distance — working from home and kids are doing virtual learning so far — is it still worth it to get the ...
As Israeli bombs rain down on Beirut , the people of the city are once again living with the horror of war .
In an intimate diary , 30 - year - old Lebanese artist Zena el - Khalil describes helping foreigners escape , the nightly rocket attacks - and how she could n't leave her sick friend behind
At 3.28 am I woke up to the sound of Israeli jets flying low over our skies in Beirut .
I was just beginning to finally fall asleep , had racing thoughts in my mind all night , cramps in my stomach , fear ...
Then the sound of jets , followed by one explosion after another .
It has calmed down now .
I hear morning prayers in the distance .
I am at home with some friends who have taken refuge with us .
A lot of them are foreigners .
We are trying to explain ... who , what , why .
But we are also trying to be normal , because being normal is what got the Lebanese people through some 20 years of war .
We are joking about how the airport is on fire because of all the alcohol in the duty free .
Up until now , Israel has done the following : blown up our international airport , runways , gas reserves for planes ( no one can leave or enter the country ) ; blown up small military and domestic airports ( both in the north and south ) ; blown up all bridges and roads linking Beirut to the south ; blown up villages in the south , everything from the deep south to Sidon ; blown up - as I type this now , another jet is flying by , it is so loud - blown up the suburbs ( Dahiya ) ; blown up the Beirut to Damascus road at several points .
We are surrounded by sea as well .
***
Everything that is happening now is because Israel is trying to wipe out any trace of Hizbullah in Lebanon .
In the process of doing all this , they are wiping out our infrastructure .
Our roads , bridges , civilian homes , innocent lives .
It 's 4.32 am and I have a knot in my stomach .
I am praying they do n't hit the electricity .
I want my internet .
I think it 's the only thing that will help me stay normal .
***
Latest update : nine missile raids into Dahiya in the last hour .
There are now several parts of Beirut without electricity .
The sky is glowing red .
I am praying for the people in Dahiya ...
Another really really loud bomb .
I guess that makes it 10 now .
I am angry now .
The things that cross your mind ...
I just set up a new art installation last week , and now no one will get to see it .
I was just about ready to launch an international residency programme here - not going to happen now .
We were just planning to start a family .
Who wants to get pregnant now ?
We are under attack by Israel .
It is so unjust and unfair .
Everything we 've worked towards for the past 10 years is gone .
We had so many events planned for the summer : exhibitions ... concerts ... plays .
All gone .
***
Lebanon cannot be occupied again by Israel .
Believe it or not , the sun is beginning to rise and I actually hear birds chirping .
July 17
3.23 am .
I have started coughing , but I do n't know why .
I am not sick .
I think it is a reaction I am having to stress .
My mouth is always dry , no matter how much water I drink .
And I 'm afraid to drink too much water because I do n't want it to run out !
Last night was probably the most frightening night I have ever experienced .
We counted at least 15 bombs falling into Dahiyeh in the Beirut suburbs .
I have not slept in days .
I know I have to be strong , and I will be , but I cannot deny what I am going through .
So many of us are working hard to fix things - we are running around Beirut trying to get food and water and medicine to people , we are doing things online , but it does n't mean we are not scared , sick or tired .
So , last night , amid the worst shelling we have had so far , I realised that I was not afraid of the noise any more ; how quickly you get used to it .
I realised what was hurting the most was the unknown .
What is going to happen tomorrow ?
When will this all end ?
How are we going to start rebuilding again ?
Are the refugees going to be OK ?
How are the people in the south ?
And why punish a whole country ?
How much worse is it going to get ?
***
My husband and I have been housing foreign " refugees " , helping them to find their way out of the country .
Two managed to leave this morning , a German and a Swiss .
The other two are British and American .
The craziest thing is that out of all people , the American embassy has been the least helpful to its citizens here .
The phone line to the embassy has been practically out of service .
My American friend , Amanda , had to hire a cab to take her to the embassy , which is a ride out of Beirut , and all they could tell her was to keep checking the website .
And the only thing she has got from the website is that if there is an evacuation , then she is going to have to pay for it .
***
The question is , what would I do if I had the opportunity to leave ?
Would I leave ?
What would I do with my friends ?
My family ?
My art studio ?
What would happen to my best friend Maya ?
She has a very rare and bad case of cancer .
We thought it was untreatable , but ironically , the day the shelling started , her doctor told us her tumours had shrunk .
A miracle .
I can't leave Maya .
I would have to leave behind all my artwork in my studio .
What about all my brushes and paints and glitter and books ?
( All my books ! )
What about our photo albums ?
Our family pictures ?
What about the doodles I drew on my balcony a few summers ago when I was suffering from a bad break - up ?
What about all the love letters I have saved ?
Letters that document my youth that I wanted to someday give to my daughter .
***
Biggest cynical statement of the day : Israel has told people to evacuate from the south because they are going to annihilate the south of Lebanon .
However , the people cannot leave because all the roads have been destroyed or blocked .
And yesterday , when people did try and leave , the Israelis opened fire on them .
***
Israel is trying to bring Lebanon to its knees .
Israel is trying to destroy the Lebanese spirit .
Israel is trying to turn the Lebanese against each other , to turn us into animals scrounging for food , water and shelter .
Israel and the United States of America are trying to drag Syria and Iran into this too .
They are using Lebanon as bait .
We are stuck in the middle .
We are a peaceful country .
People of all religions coexist peacefully here .
I am not leaving .
And there are many of us who are not leaving .
We love Lebanon .
We love what we have spent our lives building .
There are thousands like me here , who build culture and tolerance , who work for peace and understanding , to educate .
Who work to promote love and compassion .
What about us ?
Did I mention that Maya 's tumours are getting smaller ?
Did I mention there was a wedding across the street yesterday ?
July 18
Today I drove through downtown on my way to visit my parents .
I was driving alone and was a bit nervous .
My first time in a car alone since this whole thing started - but I had to see them .
I came across a red light and stopped .
The streets were empty , and I caught myself wondering why I stopped and did n't just go through .
Then I remembered my latest policy to keep me sane : that even under attack , we should not lose our manners .
Then I looked into my rear - view mirror and saw other cars approaching .
I closed my eyes and in a fit of prayer wished that they would stop too .
That if they did n't cross the light , it would somehow indicate that we are all thinking the same .
You must have heard about Lebanese drivers : they never stop at red lights !
Well , today they stopped .
I opened my eyes and burst into tears .
All the cars had stopped .
Everyone was behaving .
The little things that make you happy .
I do n't want to write about all the miserable moments I had today .
I do n't want to write about the tears that fell when I heard about how the Israeli army bombed wheat silos and vegetable stores .
Now they want to starve us to death ?
I do n't want to write about how they are now targeting Lebanese army outposts and barracks , when the Lebanese army are not even fighting them .
About the planes that are flying so low .
About how my house starts to shake every time a bomb drops .
About my worries now about food and water shortages .
About the refugees who have lost so much , who are now living on the streets .
I do n't want to write about the cramp in my heart every time I hear the death toll rising .
So many children !
I do n't want to write about how everything I have spent my whole life working for has disappeared in a matter of days .
A matter of days ... my whole life has changed .
My whole life has changed and I did not ask for it .
My whole life has changed because someone , not me , decided they were going to change it .
Who said they could ?
Why did n't they ask me ?
I was supposed to be camping in the mountains this week .
I was supposed to be working on a proposal to bring a New York artist out here next summer .
It was supposed to be a surprise ; I was going to set the whole thing up , get the funding and surprise him with it .
People bought artwork from me .
I am supposed to cash my cheques .
***
Israel has changed my life because Israel is targeting me as a civilian .
And who said Hizbullah could take a decision on my behalf and provoke the monster ?
Two bombs just went off .
My windows are shaking .
Stupid me , I closed them to stop the mosquitoes from coming in .
Thank God they did n't just shatter .
My heart is another story .
***
I want to tell Israeli citizens what their government is doing to us .
Remind them that Lebanon is their neighbour and that coexistence is possible .
How are we ever going to reach an understanding through violence ?
We were so close ...
We were so close .
A troubled city : Beirut through the ages
· The Phoenician city of Beirut is named on cuneiform tablets dating from the 15th century BC .
Phoenician merchants operating from Lebanon 's Mediterranean coast dominated maritime trade during the first millennium BC , exporting glass , textiles and cedarwood .
The city later came under the influence of Rome and was home to a prestigious law school , which was evacuated to Sidon following a series of earthquakes , which devastated the city in AD551 .
· Beirut was under Arab control from 635 until 1110 , when the city fell to a Crusader invasion .
The city remained part of the Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem until 1291 , despite the best efforts of Saladin , who led a siege of the city in 1182 .
· Beirut was later absorbed into the Ottoman empire , which ruled over the city from 1516 until 1918 .
The rapid decline of Turkey 's imperial reach in the wake of the first world war created a vacuum that was quickly filled by western European powers .
France was granted a mandate over Lebanon and Syria in 1920 .
French troops left the country in 1946 , when Lebanon gained its independence .
· The creation of the state of Israel in 1948 brought thousands of Palestinian refugees to Lebanon , who made homes in refugee camps around the country , many of which are still standing .
Violence broke out in 1958 between Muslims supporting the pan-Arab ambitions of Nasser , Egypt 's president , and Christians allied to the west ; US marines landed in Beirut , marking the first US intervention into the country .
· During the 1960s , Beirut was at the centre of Arab intellectual and cultural life .
Variously nicknamed " the Paris of the Middle East " and " the Arab world 's answer to Monte Carlo " , the city was famously dynamic and cosmopolitan and a popular holiday destination with Arabs and Europeans alike , including the likes of Elizabeth Taylor , Marlon Brando and Brigitte Bardot .
· Civil war broke out in 1975 when Christian Maronite forces clashed with PLO guerillas , who had moved their headquarters to Beirut in 1970 after being driven out of Jordan .
Syrian troops arrived in the country in 1976 and Israel invaded southern Lebanon in 1978 .
Beirut descended into anarchy as militias formed , taking control of the city street by street .
Lebanon 's diverse population quickly broke down along confessional lines , turning Christian against Muslim , Sunni against Shia , and neighbours against old schoolfriends .
The city 's hotel district was laid to waste and the National Museum came under sniper fire .
The singer , Fairuz , universally adored in Lebanon , refused to perform while her country was in such turmoil .
· Whatever was left of this once beautiful city was subjected to catastrophic destruction during the Israeli invasion of 1982 , which left the city under siege for three months .
The most shocking incident of a brutal war was the massacre of thousands of Palestinian civilians in the camps of Sabra and Shatila by Christian Phalangist militias , for which Israel 's Ariel Sharon was found to bear " indirect responsibility " .
The west , meanwhile , was preoccupied with the abduction of hostages by Shia groups , including Terry Waite and John McCarthy , which began in 1984 .
· The Lebanese civil war officially came to an end in 1991 .
The magical voice of Fairuz was heard in Beirut once again in 1994 and the artefacts of the National Museum were released from their protective concrete casing and put on public display in 1997 .
Israeli troops withdrew from southern Lebanon in 2000 and Syrian troops withdrew from the rest of the country in 2005 .
The hotels were refurbished , the downtown area restored and the airport modernised .
· On July 12 2006 , Hizbullah captured two Israeli soldiers .
The next day , Israel bombed Beirut 's international airport and blockaded Lebanese ports .
Israel 's chief of staff , Lt Gen Dan Halutz , told Israel 's Channel 10 : " If the soldiers are not returned , we will turn Lebanon 's clock back 20 years . "
Justine Hankins
Thomas L. Cook , who died at 54 when he was fatally hit by a car Sept. 11 , spent much of his life recovering from the misadventures that plagued him even in the womb .
“ He was kinda accident - prone , I swear to God , even before he was born , ” said his sister , Mady Eitani .
“ He was nearly miscarried .
He had serious accidents as a child .
Crazy things .
Broke his collarbone .
He was hit in the head one time by a teeter - totter and had to have blood drained out of his skull .
Wrong place , wrong time .
Story of his life . ”
After the first few visits to the emergency room , Cook ’s family joked that he must have nine lives , an opinion shared by a neighbor , Dr. Arnold Silverman , a pediatric physician who became Cook ’s de facto on - call doctor .
“ Nine lives , and he certainly used them up , ” Silverman said .
“ Every time the phone rang and it was the Cooks , I just said that I ’d be right over . ”
When Cook returned home from a high school skiing trip , complaining about abdominal pain , Silverman looked at his belly and sent Cook straight to Children ’s Hospital .
Cook underwent an emergency splenectomy to remove his hemorrhaging spleen .
The organ , injured a few days earlier in a pickup football game , began bleeding while Cook and his friends were skiing .
The next major injury occurred when Cook , still a teenager , fell from the go - kart he was driving .
Again , the Cooks called Silverman .
Again , Silverman told them to call an ambulance almost as soon as he saw Tom Cook .
The ambulance took Cook to University Hospital , where surgeons drained blood from his skull , relieving pressure on his brain and brain stem .
Cook went home but was back a few hours later for a second operation after the bleeding resumed .
The third major accident – like Eitani , Silverman distinguishes between those and “ a host of other injuries Tom survived ” – involved an out - of - town car accident .
It left Cook , then a promising Colorado State University student , with severe brain damage and in a semi-vegetative coma for more than five months .
“ No one had any hope at all for his survival as someone with a viable life , ” Silverman said .
“ Then one day , he woke up .
That began his incredible comeback . ”
The injuries reduced Cook ’s physical abilities to those of an infant , requiring more than a year of treatment at Craig Hospital , which specializes in spinal cord and traumatic brain injury rehabilitation .
“ He had to learn to walk and talk and potty - train and feed himself again , ” Eitani said .
When at last Cook recuperated , he found a job as an assistant computer programmer at Denver ’s Medicare office .
He made fast friends among his colleagues , who learned to enjoy Cook ’s singular braying laughter .
Though he walked with the gingerly trepidation of someone negotiating an ice - glazed sidewalk , Cook ’s confidence and buoyant nature returned .
Then , driving near the intersection where the first accident occurred , Cook heard the familiar , sickening crunch of metal on metal as another vehicle slammed into his car .
“ That was when he broke his back for the first time , ” his sister recalled .
“ He broke it two other times after that and broke his ribs in falls and various accidents .
It left him really crippled as a young man . ”
Again , he learned how to walk , talk , dress , feed himself and perform other chores that once were second nature .
Though the injuries and other disabilities left him increasingly hunchbacked – “ kinda comma - shaped , ” Silverman said – Cook insisted on using a cane instead of a walker until a few months ago .
He refused to use a wheelchair , though it took him half an hour to shuffle from his apartment to the corner of his block .
To keep his bones strong , Cook exercised daily with a walk that began precisely at 1:45 p.m .
Among the few indulgences he allowed himself was the brownie he bought only at a certain bakery .
“ They knew him very well at Child ’s Pastry , ” Eitani said .
“ He ’d choose a specific brownie by the taste and size .
Otherwise , all he ate was Stouffer ’s dinners , and he had those categorized in his freezer – one for Mondays , one for Tuesdays .
Everything was by the clock .
That ’s why it ’s so hard , with him running late that day .
That ’s what put him on the corner at 3:45 that Monday .
Otherwise , he ’d have been home . ”
Mourners overflowed the church that held Cook ’s memorial service last week .
“ They had to bring in extra chairs , ” Silverman said .
“ He was thin as a wisp of hair , but he was a self - sufficient person .
To have survived these accidents and come back a functioning person was such an accomplishment .
To have the strength to go on is such a tribute to his toughness . ”
Besides his sister , survivors include mother Barbara Fazio of Santa Barbara , Calif . ; father Durwood Cook of Salt Lake City ; and grandmother Maxine Cook of Salt Lake City .
One brother preceded him in death .
The family suggests memorial donations to Craig Hospital , 3425 Clarkson St. , Englewood CO 80113 .
Staff writer Claire Martin can be reached at 303-954-1477 or cmartin@denverpost.com .
ソースコード・ドキュメンテーション・ツール
Doxygen は、C++、C、Java、Objective-C、Python、IDL
( Corba 、Microsoft 風) 、Fortran、VHDL、PHP、C#
向けのドキュメンテーション・システムです。
D にもある程度対応しています。 Doxygen は、C++、C、Java、Objective-C、Python、IDL
( Corba 、Microsoft 風) 、Fortran、VHDL、PHP、C#
向けのドキュメンテーション・システムです。
D にもある程度対応しています。 Doxygen には、次 の３つの利点があります。 文書化されたソースファイルのセットから、 オンライン・ドキュメント・ブラウザ ( HTML形式 ) やオフラインのリファレンス・マニュアル ( 形式 ) を生成することができます。 RTF ( MS - Word ) 、PostScript、ハイパーリンク PDF 、圧縮 HTML 、Unix man ページ形式の出力もサポートされています。ドキュメントは、ソースから直接抽出されます。これにより、ドキュメントとソースコードの一貫性を保つことがとても容易になります。
Doxygen は、文書化されていないソースファイルから、 コードの構造を抽出するように設定することができます。 これにより、大規模で分散化されたソースの中を探ることが容易になります。 様々な要素間の関係が、内包・依存図、継承図、 およびコラボレーション図により視覚化されます。しかもすべて自動的に生成されます。 また 、Doxygen を「乱用 ( abuse ) 」して、 通常のドキュメントを作成することもできます ( このマニュアルでやっているように ) 。
Doxygen は、 Linux 環境 とMac OS X環境で開発されていますが、 移植性が高くなるように設計してあります。 従って、他のほとんど の
Unix システムでも動作します。 さらに 、Windows 用実行ファイルも得られます 。 Doxygen は、環境 とMac OS X環境で開発されていますが、 移植性が高くなるように設計してあります。 従って、他のほとんど の
Unix システムでも動作します。 さらに 、Windows 用実行ファイルも得られます。 Doxygen ライセンス Copyright © 1997 -2009 by Dimitri van Heesch .
Permission to use , copy , modify , and distribute this software and its documentation under the terms of the GNU General Public License is hereby granted .
No representations are made about the suitability of this software for any purpose .
It is provided " as is " without express or implied warranty .
See the GNU General Public License for more details .
Documents produced by doxygen are derivative works derived from the input used in their production ; they are not affected by this license .
使用例 Doxygenは、HTMLなど多くの出力フォーマットをサポートしています。作者は、
Doxygen を実際に使用しているプロジェクトを幾つかまとめました。 これらは 、doxygenを使用しているプロジェクトの一部です。 もし他に使用しているプロジェクトをご存じなら作者までお知らせください。リストに追加したいと思います。 将来に向け て
Doxygen は、すでに多くの人々が上手く使っておられますが、 改良の余地というのは常にあるものです。 そこで作者は、可能な、かつ/または、要求のある拡張についての、
Doxygen は、すでに多くの人々が上手く使っておられますが、 改良の余地というのは常にあるものです。 そこで作者は、可能な、かつ/または、要求のある拡張についての、 todo / wish リスト をまとめています。 謝辞
Thanks go to : Malte Zöckler and Roland Wunderling , authors of DOC ++.
The first version of doxygen borrowed some code of an old version of DOC ++.
Although I have rewritten practically all code since then , DOC ++ has still given me a good start in writing doxygen .
All people at Qt Software , for creating a beautiful GUI Toolkit ( which is very useful as a Windows / Unix platform abstraction layer :-)
Kevin McBride for maintaining the subversion reporsitory for doxygen .
My brother Frank for rendering the logos .
Harm van der Heijden for adding HTML help support .
Wouter Slegers of Your Creative Solutions for registering the www.doxygen.org domain .
Parker Waechter for adding the RTF output generator .
Joerg Baumann , for adding conditional documentation blocks , PDF links , and the configuration generator .
Matthias Andree for providing a .spec script for building rpms from the sources .
Tim Mensch for adding the todo command .
Christian Hammond for redesigning the web - site .
Ken Wong for providing the HTML tree view code .
Talin for adding support for C# style comments with XML markup .
Petr Prikryl for coordinating the internationalisation support .
All language maintainers for providing translations into many languages .
The band Porcupine Tree for providing hours of great music to listen to while coding .
many , many others for suggestions , patches and bug reports .
紹介 WEBサイト
Five days after the killings , Kilo Company celebrated Thanksgiving with a turkey dinner , including stuffing and potatoes .
The occasion was recorded on video .
Before the meal McConnell led the men in prayer .
He said , “ Father , we thank you for this food which you have prepared for us .
Please bless this food with your great grace , and please let us take the sustenance that you provide for us , and go forth and do great things in your name .
We are very grateful here in Kilo Company for many things .
We thank you for the mission that you have provided for us , to leave America and go into foreign lands and try to do good things for the world and for our country .
It ’s our greatest honor , and we thank you for that .
We thank you for our families , who support us back in the States , and the brotherhood that we have here .
It is our greatest strength , and we thank you for that as well .
We also want to thank you for the veterans and those who have gone before us , because without them there would be no Marine Corps legacy , and there would n’t be that great standard to uphold .
So we thank you for that because it guides us , it keeps us on the right track , and it ’s that steering factor that helps us go forth and do great things .
We thank you for the memory and the life of Lance Corporal Miguel Terrazas , who did great things in his life , did great things for all of us , was a great friend and a great Marine .
We just ask that you help us take this food that you ’ve provided us here today , help it maintain , sustain our bodies so we can uphold that legacy that our fallen comrades have provided for us .
We say all these things in your great name .
Amen . ”
The men answered with Marine Corps Hoo-rahs and Amens .
McConnell said , “ Hey , please enjoy the meal .
Make sure you pat the cooks on the back .
They work hard .
And if you see someone from the Four shop here in the near future that you know , pat them on the back , because they get all that stuff out here , and it ’s not the most safest place to be pushing food around
But I appreciate you all being here , and first and foremost Happy Thanksgiving .
Go forth and do great things .
Hoo-rah ! ”
Hoo-rah .
Iraqis live in an honor - bound society , built of tight family ties .
When noncombatants are killed , it matters little to the survivors whether the American rules allowed it , or what the U.S. military courts decide .
The survivors go to war in return , which provokes more of the same in a circular dive that spirals beyond recovery .
Haditha is just a small example .
By now , nearly one year later , hatred of the American forces in the city has turned so fierce that military investigators for the trials at Pendleton have given up on going there .
That hatred is blood hatred .
It is the kind of hatred people are willing to die for , with no expectation but revenge .
This was immediately apparent on a video that was taken the day after the killings by an Iraqi from the neighborhood — the same video that was later passed along to Time .
The Marine Corps was wrong to dismiss the video as propaganda and fiction .
It is an authentic Iraqi artifact .
It should be shown to the grunts in training .
It should be shown to the generals in command .
The scenes it depicts are raw .
People move among the hideous corpses , wailing their grief and vowing vengeance before God .
“ This is my brother !
My brother !
My brother ! ”
In one of the killing rooms , a hard - looking boy insists that the camera show the body of his father .
Sobbing angrily , he shouts , “ I want to say this is my father !
God will punish you Americans !
Show me on the camera !
This is my father !
He just bought a car showroom !
He did not pay all the money to the owner yet , and he got killed ! ”
A man cries , “ This is an act denied by God .
What did he do ?
To be executed in the closet ?
Those bastards !
Even the Jews would not do such an act !
Why ?
Why did they kill him this way ?
Look , this is his brain on the ground ! ”
The boy continues to sob over the corpse on the floor .
He shouts , “ Father !
I want my father ! ”
Another man cries , “ This is democracy ? ”
Well yeah , well no , well actually this is Haditha .
For the United States , it is what defeat looks like in this war .
Also on VF.com : Q&A with William Langewiesche
William Langewiesche is Vanity Fair ’s international correspondent .
His next book , Atomic Bazaar : The Rise of the Nuclear - Armed Poor , will be published next year by Farrar , Straus & Giroux .
Before joining V.F. earlier this year , he spent 15 years covering the Middle East and much of the rest of the world for The Atlantic .
He has been working in Iraq since 2003 .
Less signs , less accidents Jason 71 comments Latest by Ron
Roads Gone
Wild is a piece in Wired from December 2004 that a reader just brought to my attention .
I love it .
Here ’s why :
Hans Monderman is a traffic engineer who hates traffic signs .
Oh , he can put up with the well - placed speed limit placard or a dangerous curve warning on a major highway , but Monderman considers most signs to be not only annoying but downright dangerous .
To him , they are an admission of failure , a sign - literally - that a road designer somewhere has n’t done his job .
“ The trouble with traffic engineers is that when there ’s a problem with a road , they always try to add something , ” Monderman says .
“ To my mind , it ’s much better to remove things . ”
The piece goes on to talk about how roundabouts ( a.k.a. traffic circles ) are safer than intersections with carefully controlled signage and permission patterns .
Several years ago , Monderman ripped out all the traditional instruments used by traffic engineers to influence driver behavior - traffic lights , road markings , and some pedestrian crossings - and in their place created a roundabout , or traffic circle .
The circle is remarkable for what it does n’t contain : signs or signals telling drivers how fast to go , who has the right - of - way , or how to behave .
There are no lane markers or curbs separating street and sidewalk , so it ’s unclear exactly where the car zone ends and the pedestrian zone begins .
To an approaching driver , the intersection is utterly ambiguous - and that ’s the point .
Monderman and I stand in silence by the side of the road a few minutes , watching the stream of motorists , cyclists , and pedestrians make their way through the circle , a giant concrete mixing bowl of transport .
Somehow it all works .
The drivers slow to gauge the intentions of crossing bicyclists and walkers .
Negotiations over right - of - way are made through fleeting eye contact .
Remarkably , traffic moves smoothly around the circle with hardly a brake screeching , horn honking , or obscene gesture .
“ I love it ! ” Monderman says at last .
“ Pedestrians and cyclists used to avoid this place , but now , as you see , the cars look out for the cyclists , the cyclists look out for the pedestrians , and everyone looks out for each other .
You ca n’t expect traffic signs and street markings to encourage that sort of behavior .
You have to build it into the design of the road . ”
Beautiful .
The solution is n’t more rules , it ’s fewer rules .
The only rule is : pay attention .
Nothing like less to solve a problem .
It was a matter of time before someone stepped up and funded Linden Labs and it was announced yesterday that Globespan Partners along with some big name entrepreneurs like Jeff Bezos , Mitch Kapor , and Pierre Omidyar put $ 11 million into Linden Labs .
That 's great news .
I think the Globespan guys are great and think they 'll make excellent partners for Linden Labs .
But the bigger story is what 's going on inside Second Life .
It 's a virtual economy where anyone can build anything and it is amazing what is being built .
It is also amazing how much money is being spent there .
As I said in prior posts , I am spending some time in Second Life .
My name is Flat Plasma and I am mostly checking it out right now .
But even so , I have to say that I agree with Scoble .
Second Life is a platform ( he calls it an OS ) to build a lot of interesting businesses on .
So congrats to Linden Labs on their financing , on Globespan for making what seems to me to be a good bet , and to the Second Life community for creating such an interesting environment .
This article has been moved to the How to Eat Sushi - sushi etiquette page on The Sushi FAQ .
Please follow the aforementioned link to an e...
経済産業省は7月、国内の総合電機メーカーや大学など38団体とともに、国産の検索エンジンを開発する「情報大航海プロジェクト・コンソーシアム」を設立する。企業や大学がこれまで研究してきた検索技術やノウハウを持ち寄り、成果物はオープンソースとして広く公開する考えだ。
検索エンジンの分野では現在、Google、Yahoo!、Microsoftといった米国の大手企業が火花を散らしている。この分野で国が音頭を取って研究開発を進める狙いは何なのか。経済産業省
商務情報政策局 情報政策ユニット 情報経済企画調査官で、今回のプロジェクトを推進した立役者である八尋俊英氏に聞いた。
--情報大航海プロジェクト・コンソーシアムを結成した狙いはどこにあるのでしょう。
まず前提として、現在は情報がとにかく山のように沢山あり、その中から必要なものだけをうまく抽出して知識化する技術が求められているということがあります。こういった「知識化」をできる国とそうでない国や企業では大きく違ってくるという議論を、これまで経済産業省内でずっとしてきました。
--なぜ検索技術に着目したのですか。
例えば、10年前、ちょう どYahoo!
JAPANができたころは、集客力の大きいサイトのトップページに広告を掲載するのが主流でした。これはテレビの延長線上でイメージできるので、非常に分かりやすかった。しかしいま急速に普及している検索連動型広告では、ある言葉と別の言葉をうまく関連づけた人が勝つといったことが起きています。
そしてこの延長線上に、言葉と画像や映像が結びつくといったことが起きる。今ある画像検索は画像にひもづいたテキストを検索しているに過ぎませんが、特に情報家電などの分野では、画像や映像自体を検索のクエリとして利用するようになると考えています。その時に、今のキーワード検索に代わるようなものを誰が作るのだろうか、という議論になったんです。例えば、大阪を定義するものがたこやきなのか、道頓堀なのか。そういうことが実は非常に重要になります。
そして、これを実現するための技術、例えばオントロジー技術（※編集部注：言葉を体系づけて機械処理できるようにするための技術）などは、日本でもいろいろな企業や大学が研究を進めてきました。ただ、ある意味Googleがすご過ぎるがゆえに、大量の情報を処理する技術の研究開発がどこも止まっていたんです。
もともと情報家電が強い日本ですから、画像のハンドリング技術はあります。また、大量情報の中から特定のデータを探し出す技術は、実は日本もかつては強いものを持っていた。検索エンジンは、実は米国よりも日本のほうが開発が早かったくらいですから。ただ、多くの人が無料で利用できて、広告が表示されるというようなモデルで提供したものがないだけなんです。
これは自然言語処理技術（※編集部注：「2002年のワールドカップで優勝した国は？」といった自然文をコンピュータが理解して処理する技術のこと）でも同じです。京都大学の研究水準は世界でもトップクラスで、いまでもGoogleに追いつかれていないとまでいわれている。でも、「自然言語処理でなにができるの？」と言われてしまって、研究者が冷遇されてしまっているのが現状です。
もともと日本がこの分野に弱いというのならば話は別なのですが、実際のところ、要素技術は日本のほうが強い。問題は、それぞれの技術がいろいろな企業や大学に点在していて、しかもその技術をどう生かすかという目標がこれまで存在しなかった点にあります。
また、いまは企業が業績を四半期開示するようになるなど、短期間で収益を上げることが求められています。そのため、企業の研究所でも10年先を見据えた研究が少なくなっています。
そこで、情報経済社会の基盤となるイノベーションプラットフォームの部分はみんなで情報開示をしてしまって、アプリケーションの部分でそれぞれの企業が競争するようにしようと呼びかけたのが今回のプロジェクトです。プラットフォームについてはみんなでノウハウを共有して活用しようということです。
05
24
06
Right - wing bloggers and their supporters perpetuate myths about Iran in a push for war
In and around May 19 ( it ’s hard to remember the exact date and the article has since disappeared from the web ) , the [ tag ]
National Post [ / tag ] ran a front - page story by neo-con writer Amir Taheri about Iran .
It claimed Iran was passing a law that required religious minorities like Jews and Christians to wear colour - coded badges identifying their religion .
The article was soon picked up by major news organizations , causing outrage among columnists , bloggers and prime minister Stephen Harper , who said , “ We ’ve seen a number of things from the Iranian regime that are along these lines
…
It boggles the mind that any regime on the face of the Earth would want to do anything that could remind people of Nazi Germany . ”
But the story was n’t true .
Regardless , in a phenomenon reminiscent of Iraqi WMDs , just because it is n’t true has n’t stopped people from believing it .
Small Dead Animals posted the story when it broke , quoting Bernard Lewis as saying “ I feel it ’s 1938 again ” .
But SDA and friends are not backing down , posting a lame response by the original author who says he “ raised the issue not as a news story ” and in general making the case that regardless of whether or not the story is true , Iran is evil / needs to be bombed / needs to be invaded / etc .
Michelle Malkin also posted about the story , although she has since qualified the story with a link that says it “ may not be true ” [ emphasis mine ] .
Malkin is popular among conservatives , and her post alerted numerous conservative bloggers who proceeded to feature the story .
Not all of them have informed their readers that the story is false .
Here is a sampling :
Iran might as well put different colored bullseyes on Jews and Christians backs instead .
When will the Ayatollah come out with a small mustache and goose step to Wagner ?
Westerners have no clue of the barbarity that followers of Islam have toward their fellow man .
No one took Hitler seriously back in the 30’s .
Iran Needs To Be Taken Out
In the comments on Right Voices , we ’ve got : “ We shoud put bullseyes on muslimsâ ¦ ” ; “ Mohammed was no saint .
He was a pedophile , plain and simple . ” ; “ Islam is evil on earth , mohammed mass murdered millions of people ” ; and more cheerful musings .
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad IS a madman , whether you want to admit it or not .
As many others have mentioned , the parallels between this lunatic and Adolph Hitler are very similar .
I agree there are parallels between Nazi Germany and today .
Parallels such as aggressive nationalism , patriotic jingoism , and rigid right - wing ideology .
Plus , a vast propaganda apparatus , with one remarkable difference between then and now : then , the apparatus was operated by the state .
Today , the state merely needs to give a little shove in the right direction , and legions of amateur propagandists take over .
[ tags ] right - wing propaganda , Iran , Amir Taheri , Islam , Iranian colour - coded badge story [ / tags ]
Dominic Armato
The garlic press has always been a forbidden item in my kitchen .
It 's a prejudice I 've held for a long , long time .
I 've always believed that whether garlic is minced or crushed has a significant effect on the dish the garlic flavors .
While I 've always felt that minced or sliced garlic is far , far superior to its crushed counterpart when it comes to pasta sauces , I 've also wondered in the back of my head if this preference was purely a figment of my imagination .
Then , way back in January , a thread popped up on LTH Forum wherein there was a lively discussion regarding whether alternate means of breaking down garlic affected the character of the flavor , or merely its strength .
The suggestion was also made that microplaning garlic , which I had never tried , might achieve a minced garlic flavor with a crushed garlic potency .
At that time , I resolved to approach this question in a semi-scientific manner .
It ... uh ... took a little while , but I finally got around to it this evening .
As such , without further ado , I present my semi-scientific findings .
Question , Purpose , Hypothesis
The subject of this experiment is the effect that various methods of breaking down garlic have on its flavor when used to prepare a dish .
The hypothesis is that not only does mincing garlic create a different flavor than crushing it , but also that mincing is the preferred method for pasta sauces .
Furthermore , the experiment is intended to determine if microplaning garlic achieves a character different from mincing or crushing .
Dominic Armato
Materials and Method
The following items were used to perform this experiment :
• 1 8 " Le Creuset cast iron skillet
• 1 wooden spatula
• 1 chef 's knife
• mortar & pestle
• 1 microplane
• 1 measuring cup
• 1 measuring spoon
• Raineri silver extra virgin olive oil
• Carmelina San Marzano tomato puree
• 12 garlic cloves
• coarse sea salt
To simulate a real - world application , three quick tomato sauces were prepared , each utilizing a different preparation of garlic .
The garlic used for each version of the sauce was made from four cloves of approximately equal size .
The first sauce was made with garlic that was finely minced using a chef 's knife .
The second sauce was made with garlic that was very finely shredded using a microplane grater .
The third sauce was made with garlic that was crushed using a mortar and pestle .
Other than the garlic preparation , every effort was made to ensure that the sauces were prepared in exactly the same manner .
A test batch of tomato sauce was first made and discarded so that all three sauces would be prepared with a warm skillet .
The following steps were common to all three sauces .
First , the pan was washed , dried and set over medium - low heat .
1 Tbsp. of the olive oil was added to the pan , and allowed to heat for one minute .
The garlic was added to the pan and sauteed while being mixed with the wooden spatula .
After 30 seconds , 1/2 C. tomato puree and 1/2 tsp. salt were added to the pan , the sauce was stirred , and the heat increased to medium .
As soon as the sauce showed signs of bubbling , the heat was turned to low , and the sauce was allowed to simmer , undisturbed , for exactly five minutes .
The sauce was transferred to a small prep bowl , the skillet was washed and dried , and the entire process was repeated for the other two garlic preparations .
Dominic Armato
When all three sauces were prepared , they were allowed to sit at room temperature for ten minutes .
After this time , they were placed atop ramekins containing a scrap of paper identifying the garlic preparation used for that sauce .
They were then covered with plastic wrap and allowed to sit at room temperature for approximately one hour , to lessen the chance of the order of preparation affecting the flavor at the time of tasting .
After sitting for an hour , the finished sauces were microwaved for ten seconds .
This was to achieve two purposes , first to heat them slightly , and second so that the microwave turntable could randomize their placement , making it impossible for the taster to identify which sauce was which .
The sauces were then tasted in sequence twice , to lessen the variation caused by tasting one sauce cleanly while tasting the others having come off another sauce .
They were tasted in very low light conditions , to make it impossible for the taster to identify the sauces by the very slight variations in appearance .
A small piece of plain bread was eaten in between each tasting to act as a palate cleanser .
After the tasting was completed , the prep bowls were removed from the ramekins so that tasting notes could be matched up with the appropriate garlic preparations .
Dominic Armato
Results
The minced garlic sauce had a fairly strong garlic flavor , which was described by the taster as sweet , mellow and slightly tart and spicy .
The crushed garlic sauce had a garlic flavor that was similar to the minced garlic sauce in terms of potency , but different in terms of character .
The taster described the crushed garlic sauce as fairly sour up front , with a slightly spicy but mostly bitter tail and an almost metallic aftertaste .
The microplaned garlic sauce was by far the strongest of the three , characterized as extremely potent .
The taster described it as having a very spicy and peppery flavor , with a little bitterness and no detectable sweetness .
In terms of preference , the taster expressed a very strong preference for the minced garlic sauce , which was described as delicious .
The crushed garlic sauce was described as edible , but not very good .
The microplaned garlic sauce was described as very bad , and not at all pleasant .
Conclusions
This experiment has helped to erase any lingering doubts I had about my convictions when it comes to sliced or minced versus crushed garlic .
In fact , I was surprised to discover that the difference between the minced and crushed garlic sauces was even more significant than I had previously thought .
The crushed garlic was n't bad , but it was an obvious difference and far less desirable for any pasta sauce application that I can think of offhand .
However , I think it 's important to note that the crushed garlic flavor was n't necessarily bad in general , it was simply inappropriate in this context .
The microplaned garlic , however , was an entirely different matter .
It was considerably stronger , to be sure , but it was also a very different character .
It was not at all pleasant .
While there are clearly applications for crushed garlic , I have a much harder time imagining a a recipe for which I 'd use the microplaned garlic .
I await peer review .
Abstinence message goes beyond teens
The federal government 's " no sex without marriage " message is n't just for kids anymore .
Now the government is targeting unmarried adults up to age 29 as part of its abstinence - only programs , which include millions of dollars in federal money that will be available to the states under revised federal grant guidelines for 2007 .
The government says the change is a clarification .
But critics say it's a clear signal of a more directed policy targeting the sexual behavior of adults .
" They 've stepped over the line of common sense , " said James Wagoner , president of Advocates for Youth , a Washington , D.C. - based non-profit that supports sex education .
" To be preaching abstinence when 90 % of people are having sex is in essence to lose touch with reality .
It 's an ideological campaign .
It has nothing to do with public health . "
Abstinence education programs , which have focused on preteens and teens , teach that abstaining from sex is the only effective or acceptable method to prevent pregnancy or disease .
They give no instruction on birth control or safe sex .
The National Center for Health Statistics says well over 90 % of adults ages 20 - 29 have had sexual intercourse .
But Wade Horn , assistant secretary for children and families at the Department of Health and Human Services , said the revision is aimed at 19 - to 29 - year - olds because more unmarried women in that age group are having children .
Government data released last month show that 998,262 births in 2004 were to unmarried women 19 - 29 , the ages with the most births to unmarried women .
" The message is ' It 's better to wait until you 're married to bear or father children , ' " Horn said .
" The only 100 % effective way of getting there is abstinence . "
The revised guidelines specify that states seeking grants are " to identify groups ... most likely to bear children out - of - wedlock , targeting adolescents and / or adults within the 12 - through 29 - year - old age range . "
Previous guidelines did n't mention targeting of an age group .
" We wanted to remind states they could use these funds not only to target adolescents , " Horn said .
" It 's a reminder . "
Last year , 46 states applied for the federal abstinence - education money , to fund programs in schools , neighborhood clubs and faith - based organizations .
Sarah Brown , director of the National Campaign to Prevent Teen Pregnancy , says abstinence programs are among many messages that have helped reduce teen pregnancy rates .
But " the notion that the federal government is supporting millions of dollars worth of messages to people who are grown adults about how to conduct their sex life is a very divisive policy , " she says .
" We would oppose any program that stigmatizes unmarried people , " adds Nicky Grist , executive director of the Alternatives to Marriage Project , a non-profit organization based in Brooklyn , N.Y. , that advocates for the rights of unmarried people .
For last year 's state grants , Congress appropriated $ 50 million .
A similar amount is expected for 2007 , but the money has not yet been allocated , according to the Administration for Children and Families .
" I think the program should talk about the problem with out - of - wedlock childbearing — not about your sex life , " Brown says .
" If you use contraception effectively and consistently , you will not be in the pool of out - of - wedlock births . "
突然ですが、皆さんは次のようなコピペを目にしたことがありますか？
何年か前 の 「 朝まで生テレビ」での再現。
その日のテーマは 「 警察官の拳銃使用について 」 。
司会の田原総一郎と福島瑞穂の会話。 福島 「 警察官の拳銃使用は絶対反対。犯罪者と言えども
人権はある訳ですしぃ〜、犯人には傷一つ付けてはいけない。
例え凶器を持った凶悪犯と言えども警察官は丸腰で逮捕に向かうべき」
田 原 「そんな事して、警察官が殺されたら？」
福 島 「 それは警察官の職務ですしぃ〜〜 」
（ 「ええっ〜」と言う驚きの声がスタジオ中に響き渡る）
その声にまずいと思ったか福島が続ける。
福島 「それに犯人がそんなに抵抗するんだったら無理して逮捕する
必要は無いと思うんですよぉ〜、逃がしても良い訳ですしぃ〜」
田原 「じゃっ、逃がした犯人が別の所でまた人を殺したら？」
福 島 「 それはそれで別の問題ですしぃ〜 」
（他のパネリストの 「おい、おいっ」という声と共にスタジオ中に 失笑が漏れる。）
それ以降、福島に発言を振らなかったのは司会の田原総一郎の良識か？
このコピペは結構いろんなところで見かけますし、鵜呑みにしている人もかなり多いようです。たとえば２ちゃんねるなんかでは、このコピペを元に「社民党って頭悪すぎ」「本当に東大卒？ 」「これで弁護士？ 」
「これだからバカ女は」みたいなコメントが頻繁にやりとりされているし、ブログなどでも「わが国を憂う！」「これでは捨民党だ！」みたいなニュアンスでこのコピペを槍玉に挙げている人が少なくない。「拳銃使用 福島 田原」でググるとかなりの数です。
ただ、このコピペ、色々気になるところがあるんですよね。例えば「何年か前の」というのはいつのことなのか、「再現」といいつつスタジオの反応までクリアに描かれているのはなぜなのか（そもそも「朝生」ってスタジオが大きく反応するような番組だっけ？）、これだけ話題の映像がキャプチャー画像とか動画とかで出回らないのはなぜなのか、などなど。そんなわけで、まずはこのコピペがいつ誕生したのかを調べてみました。
ヒントになると思ったのは、このコピペの最初に「599 名前： 名無しさん＠４周 年
03/07/19 10:25 id:h3NMxlu1」という部分が一緒に貼ってあるのをよくみかけたこと。「名無しさん＠４周年」という名前が自動入力されていることから2003年の「ニュー速+」板に狙いを定め、関連しそうなログを手当たりしだいチェックしてみました。そしてみつかったのが「【社民】辻元前衆院議員を逮捕
秘書給与詐取の疑い 土井党首の元秘書も★５」というログ。この599番目の書き込みに、例のコピペが書き込まれているのがわかります。それより上にはありません。また、「★５」となっているとおり、この社民党ディスのスレは１〜４までの前スレがあるのですが、それらのなかにはこのコピペが登場していません。
◆ 「 【辻元前衆院議員を逮捕 」
◆ 「 【社民】辻元前衆院議員を逮捕 秘書給与詐取の疑い 土井党首の元秘書も★２ 」
◆ 「 【社民】辻元前衆院議員を逮捕 秘書給与詐取の疑い 土井党首の元秘書も★３ 」
◆ 「 【社民】辻元前衆院議員を逮捕 秘書給与詐取の疑い 土井党首の元秘書も★４ 」
しかし、★５のスレで初めて登場して以降、このコピペが繰り返し用いられるようになります。
◆ 「 【社民】辻元前衆院議員を逮捕 秘書給与詐取の疑い 土井党首の元秘書も★７ 」
◆ 「 【社民】辻元前衆院議員を逮捕 秘書給与詐取の疑い 土井党首の元秘書も★８ 」
◆ 「 【社民】辻元前衆院議員を逮捕 秘書給与詐取の疑い 土井党首の元秘書も★９ 」
念のため、そのほ か1999 年の「社民党福島瑞穂罵倒スレ」、2001年の「今度は社民党福島瑞穂がドキュン発言！」、「朝まで生テレビ名言迷言スレッド」、2003年4月の「【福島瑞穂】朝日、毎日などが防衛庁に言いがかり★６【ホームラン】
」などなどなどなど、この手の話題で福島瑞穂を罵倒しそうなスレをいくつもチェックしてみました。しかし、このコピペ、ないし同趣旨の発言内容を指摘する書き込みは見当たらず。
そんなわけで、調べた限りではどうやら2003年07月19日10:25の書き込みがこのコピペの元と考えてよさそうです。で、このコピペが誕生した直後、「★★流行らして欲しいコピペはここに書け★★
」というスレにコピペが張られてたりして、色々なところに広がっていく模様が観測できます。また、その過程では、「【政治】社民党・福島幹事長、辻元問題で警視庁を批判 」や「【政治】社民党・福島幹事長、辻元問題で警視庁を批判
- 秘書給与詐欺事件★２ 」などのスレにコピペしている「o60w5vtD」の人のように、あちこちのスレに貼りまくる熱心な人も何人か観察できます。以降、現在では福島瑞穂関連のスレがたつと、必ずといっていいほどこのコピペが貼られるようになっています。
最初の書き込みが特定できたと思われるので、2003年7月以前に福島瑞穂が出演し、司会が田原総一郎であった回を調べてみました。「朝生過去のデータ」からチェックしたところ、福島瑞穂が出演した各会のテーマはご覧のとおりです。
福島瑞穂の出演は計６回。これ以前には、1996年7月12日放送「激論！日本異常事態宣言・若者編」というテーマの回に出演していますが、この回の司会は田原ではなく梶原しげるなので除外。それ以前は「何年か前」と呼ぶにふさわしくないので除外。で、コピペの元には「その日のテーマは『警察官の拳銃使用について』」という書き込みがされていましたが、見てのとおり「警察官の拳銃使用について」というテーマはありません。仮に2003年より前にこのコピペがあったとすれば、コピペにとっての「何年か前」というのはそれよりさらにさかのぼることになるわけですが、「朝まで生テレビ！
総目録」などを見てもやはりそういうテーマはありません。さらに念のため、過去の「朝まで生テレビ」の実況スレを一通りチェックしてみましたが（参照）、それらしき実況も見当たらず。もちろん2003年の7月まで、似たような発言を批判する趣旨のコメントも見つけられません。
なお、このコピペはしばらくすると次のようなコピペに発展します。
福島瑞穂 「 警察官の拳銃使用は絶対だめです。犯罪者にも人権があります。例え凶器を持った犯人にでも警察官は丸腰で確保すべきなんです。」
田原総一朗 「 それで警察官が殉職したら？ 」
福島 「 それは警察の職務ですよ。」さらりと簡単に言う。
会場 「 ええ！！？？っ」という驚愕の声が響き渡った。福島も気まずくなり、
福島 「 それに犯人が抵抗したら無理して逮捕する必要ないと思うんですよ。逃がしてもいい訳ですしぃー。」
田原 「 じゃ、その犯人が別の殺人事件起こしたら？」
福島 「 それは、それで別の問題ですしぃー 」
福島 「 ですから、日本はスイスのような平和中立国を目指すべきなんですぅ。」
田原 「 スイスは国民皆兵制で、一般家庭に自動小銃が有る国だよ。」
福島 「 いえ、例えばスウェーデンみたいな中立国もあるわけですしぃ…」
田原 「 スウェーデンはナチに協力して中立を守った国だし、今では武器輸出大国だよ。」
福島 「 えーと、ベルギーのように歴史的に中立を貫いた国もあるんですぅ。」
田原 「 ベルギーみたいに何度も外国軍に蹂躙されてもいいの？」
福島 「 ・・・・ 」
番組名や時期が隠され、代わりに後半部分に別のコピペが一緒に付け加えられています。このほか、いくつかの派生コピペも生まれていきます。
さて、とりあえずここまで調べた上で、福島みずほ事務所とテレビ朝日に上のような調査趣旨のコメントを沿え、「これは実際にあった発言か、それとも流言蜚語か。もし実際にあった発言であれば、何月何日にどのような文脈であった発言なのか。返事はブログで取り上げてよいか」という問い合わせのメールを送ったところ、福島みずほ事務所から以下のお返事をいただきました。掲載の許可をいただいたので、公開します。
荻上チキさ ま
このたびはご連絡をいただきありがとうございます。
お返事が遅くなり、申し訳ありません。
お問い合わせいただいた2件ですが、こちらでも発言についての問い合わせが多くありましたので、テレビ朝日に問い合わせたところ、調査したが見当たらないという回答をいただきました。
ぜひブログで取り上げていただいきたいと思います。
福島みずほ事務 所
問い合わせた２件とは、「拳銃使用」云々という部分と「日本はスイスのような平和中立国を目指すべきなんですぅ」以降の部分のことなんですが、そのような発言はないとのこと。コピペの検証と、本人事務所やテレビ朝日がこのようなレスポンスをしてくれたことからも、この発言はネタ、デマの可能性が極めて高いと思います。無論、コメントが誤りで動画が出てきた場合に限り別なのでしょうが、テレビ朝日も否定しているのでその可能性は極めて低く、これまでも動画はずっと出てこなかったのだからこれからも出てこないのではないかと。というわけでこのコピペはガセビアと確定してよさそうです*1。
以上コピペについて検証してみましたが、せっかくなので以下にこのコピペをめぐって行われてきたコミュニケーションについて気になった点について吟味してみようかと。
まず気になるのは、コピペを元に「これだから○○は」みたいな大雑把なラベリングに基づく中傷ネタとして盛り上がるだけでなく、このようなコピペを取り上げて国のあり方を憂うというようなポーズ、あるいは「真実」を知らない人を嘲笑するというポーズをとる人が非常に多いこと。例えばあるサイトでは、例のコピペをさらに改変した「愛知県安城市のイトーヨーカドー幼児殺害犯について」バージョンを取り上げて教育問題などを憂いているんですが、本人が自身のリテラシー教育や調査能力を省みていないのはきわめてアイロニカル。また、「虚像」や「イメージ」で語ることが、「ピントのずれた批判につながる危険性をはらんでいる」ことを指摘するはずのエントリー自体が、ソースが曖昧な発言を批判したうえで「批判するならするで、まずは現状をちゃんと確認しましょうね」と呼びかけているケースも。
それから 、 「デマではないか」という懐疑が示されたときによくあるパターンとして、「福島ならありうる」「たとえそれがデマがあってもイメージによってそれが真実と思えるから社民党のせい」という発言や「いちいち調べないと自由に文章を書いてはいけないのか」という反応も結構多く見受けられます。もちろん私は、前者はスケープゴートを正当化してしまうロジックなのでまずいと思うし、後者は根拠なき中傷や差別を拡大再生産するくらいなら黙ってもらったほうがよいと思っています。それと、コピペの利用は、基本的には政治コミュニケーションではなくむしろ人気度コミュニケーションみたいなものなので、必ずしも常に政治的である必要はないと思うのですが、しかし選挙期間などにこのコピペが結構出回っていたり、ポピュリズム状況では人気度≒政治的信頼度と重ねがきされることも多くあるので、その真偽および効果には注意を払う必要もあるでしょう。
このほか、懐疑が示された際、結構な頻度で「これがウソだという証拠はない」という反論（？）や「自分は生で見たんだ！」と主張する書き込みが登場しています。その際も具体的に日時などを指定した書き込みがされることはなく、あっても次のような形のものが多かったように思います。
514 名前： 名無しさん＠６ 周 年
2005/10/19 (水) 20:49:53 id : UTVEH2aE0
コイツの拳銃非使用の発言はリアルタイムで見たっけなあ。
も う8〜9年近く前の話じゃないか？
マジで抹殺してくれんかね
コミュニケーションを一元的に見た場合、このような反応は社民党バッシングによって継続されている「ネタ的コミュニケーション」を断絶させないために自己生成されているが如くで、それなら「動画マダー」と動画を待ちわびつつ、しかし動画はいつまでたっても投下されないのだから、延々とコミュニケーションを続けることができるのかもしれない。であれば、社民党バッシングにコミットしていた人のうちおそらく大部分の人は、仮にこのエントリーを読んだとしても、「それがたとえデマでも、とりあえず社民や福島瑞穂はキライである」というように自らの認識を新たにはしないのかもしれません。なぜなら、それが事実であるか否かは端的に意味を持たず、別のネタを探せば事足りるからです。個人的にはそういう態度も問題かなあと思うけれど、それはそれでいたしかたないとも思います。
ただ、その判断にデマが使われるのか、それとも具体的政策などが論点となるのかでは、結構大きな違いがあると思うので、とりあえずあまりコピペとかで議論を進めないほうがいいのではないかなあと思う次第。特に他人の評価が関わっている場合は。
このほか、思うところ多々あれど、長くなったので別の機会に触れたいと思います。要するに、ソースが不明のコピペには全般的に気をつけましょうということでここはひとつ。
※コピペを貼っていたサイトを荒らす人が出てきてしまったので、参考サイトへのリンクをはずしました。
つづき
福島瑞穂コピペ検証、暫定まとめ。
さらにつづ き
続 ・ 「福島瑞穂の迷言」というコピペについて
Paris Hilton 's album entered the UK chart at number 29 last week
Banksy has replaced Hilton 's CD with his own remixes and given them titles such as Why am I Famous ? , What Have I Done ? and What Am I For ?
He has also changed pictures of her on the CD sleeve to show the US socialite topless and with a dog's head .
A spokeswoman for Banksy said he had doctored 500 copies of her debut album Paris in 48 record shops across the UK .
She told the BBC News website : " He switched the CDs in store , so he took the old ones out and put his version in . "
It might be that there will be some people who agree with his views on the Paris Hilton album
HMV spokesman
Banksy is notorious for his secretive and subversive stunts such as sneaking doctored versions of classic paintings into major art galleries .
His spokeswoman said he had tampered with the CDs in branches of HMV and Virgin as well as independent record stores .
He visited cities including Bristol , Brighton , Birmingham , Newcastle , Glasgow and London , she added .
A spokesman for HMV said the chain had recovered seven CDs from two Brighton shops but was unaware that other locations were affected .
Artistic leeway
No customers had complained or returned a doctored version , he said .
" It 's not the type of behaviour you 'd want to see happening very often , " he said .
" I guess you can give an individual such as Banksy a little bit of leeway for his own particular brand of artistic engagement .
" Often people might have a view on something but feel they can't always express it , but it 's down to the likes of Banksy to say often what people think about things .
" And it might be that there will be some people who agree with his views on the Paris Hilton album . "
A spokesman for Virgin Megastores said staff were searching for affected CDs but it was proving hard to find them all .
" I have to take my hat off - it's a very good stunt , " he added .
The RIAA 's ongoing campaign to stamp out file trading by suing consumers is old news .
But when details of one of their latest lawsuits became public , it was too good to pass up .
A suit filed recently in US District Court named 83 - year - old Gertrude Walton as a defendant , accusing her of serving up over 700 songs onto peer - to - peer networks .
Now , the RIAA has gone after grandmothers before .
In 2003 , they mistakenly targeted a 66 - year - old woman for allegedly sharing gangsta rap .
But this case goes a bit further , as Mrs. Walton actually passed away in December 2004 .
Perhaps granny was dishing out illicit mp3s prior to her demise .
Not so , says her daughter Robin Chianumba , who says her mother did n't want PCs in the house , and had absolutely zero experience operating them .
A few months after the legal campaign began , the RIAA decided to begin sending letters to suspected file traders prior to filing suit , in an attempt to get them to settle outside the legal system ( " you pay us some money and we make this little problem go away " ) .
By doing so , they hoped to avoid making stupid mistakes such as this one .
However , when Chianumba received such a letter from the trade group , she sent back a copy of her mother 's death certificate in hopes of dissuading them from going ahead with the suit .
The RIAA did n't heed the death certification , but it has apparently been convinced to its satisfaction that Mrs. Walton has passed beyond the earthly veil .
A Recording Industry Association of America spokesman said Thursday that Walton was likely not the smittenedkitten it 's searching for .
" Our evidence gathering and our subsequent legal actions all were initiated weeks and even months ago , " said RIAA spokesman Jonathan Lamy .
" We will now , of course , obviously dismiss this case . "
One would hope that they would be more diligent in ensuring that they have targeted the right people .
Unfortunately , their history does little to inspire such hopes .
Apparently the RIAA does not mind being thought of as a laughingstock .
In a letter to a friend in Europe , Abdul Razaq al - Na'as , a Baghdad university professor in his 50s , grieved for his killed friends and colleagues .
His letter concluded : " I wonder who is next ! "
He was .
On January 28 al - Na 'as drove from his office at Baghdad University .
Two cars blocked his , and gunmen opened fire , killing him instantly .
Al - Na 'as is not the first academic to be killed in the mayhem of the " new Iraq " .
Hundreds of academics and scientists have met this fate since the March 2003 invasion .
Baghdad universities alone have mourned the killing of over 80 members of staff .
The minister of education stated recently that during 2005 , 296 members of education staff were killed and 133 wounded .
Not one of these crimes has been investigated by the occupation forces or the interim governments .
They leave that to international humanitarian groups and anti-war organisations .
Among them is the Brussels Tribunal on Iraq , which has compiled a list to persuade the UN special rapporteur on summary executions to investigate the issue ; they do so with the help of Iraqi academics , who risk their lives in the process .
Their research shows that the victims have been men and women from all over Iraq , from different ethnic , religious and political backgrounds .
Most were vocally opposed to the occupation .
For the most part , they were killed in a fashion that suggests cold - blooded assassination .
No one has claimed responsibility .
Like many Iraqis , I believe these killings are politically motivated and connected to the occupying forces ' failure to gain any significant social support in the country .
For the occupation 's aims to be fulfilled , independent minds have to be eradicated .
We feel that we are witnessing a deliberate attempt to destroy intellectual life in Iraq .
Dr al - Na'as was a familiar face on al - Jazeera and al - Arabiya TV .
He had often condemned the continued presence of US - led troops in Iraq , and criticised the sectarian interim governments and their militias .
His case echoes the assassination of the academic Dr Abdullateef al - Mayah .
A prominent human rights campaigner and critic of the occupation , Mayah was killed only 12 hours after he had appeared on al - Jazeera denouncing the corruption of the US - appointed Iraqi Governing Council .
Militias have replaced the disbanded Iraqi army , applying their own rule of law .
Some units operate under a semblance of " legality " - the " wolf brigade " , attached to the interior ministry , is infamous for its terror raids on mosques and the torture of civilians .
Last month the journalist Abdul Hadi al - Zaidi accused the government 's militias of targeting intellectuals .
He is one of a group of Iraqi journalists who , in the aftermath of al - Na 'as 's assassination , went on strike , demanding an immediate investigation into the " systematic assassination campaign " against intellectuals opposed to the occupation .
After the July London bombings , Tony Blair promised the British people to " bring those responsible to justice " .
In Iraq , the British government does exactly the opposite .
The law of occupation states that : " All foreign soldiers , diplomats or contractors implicated in the killing of Iraqi civilians are immune from arrest or trial in Iraq . "
Both the British and US governments turn a blind eye to the systematic violations of human rights and murders committed by their clients in Iraq .
It has become obvious that the occupation forces , with their elite troops and $ 6 bn - a - month budget , cannot hold Iraq .
The only honorable and realistic way out is genuine dialogue with the Iraqi resistance over a complete withdrawal of foreign troops and adequate reparations and debt - cancellation to rebuild the country .
· Haifa Zangana is an Iraqi - born novelist and former prisoner of Saddam 's regime ; a longer version of this article will appear in Not One More Death , published next month by Verso
haifa_zangana@yahoo.co.uk
It will not have escaped your attention that Microsoft is labouring to finish the next version of its Windows operating system , Vista .
A version aimed at the corporate market is supposed to be ready for Christmas , with the consumer edition following some time later ( missing the Christmas market , which has irritated computer manufacturers and retailers more than somewhat ) .
Last week , Gartner , a leading IT consultancy , predicted that Microsoft would miss those shipping dates .
' Microsoft 's track record is clear : it consistently misses target dates for major operating system releases , ' the firm wrote .
' We do n't expect broad availability of Windows Vista until at least the second quarter of 2007 , which is nine to 12 months after Beta 2 . '
Microsoft challenged this .
A company spokesman told CNET News : ' We remain on track to deliver the final product to volume - licence customers in November 2006 and to other businesses and consumers in January 2007 . '
So there !
The significant thing about Vista , however , is not the shipping date but the fact that it has been an unconscionable time in the making , subject to endless slippages ( which have triggered major organisational changes within the company ) and - when it eventually ships - will be just a shadow of the system envisaged when it was conceived .
And while all this has been going on , Apple has released several major upgrades of its OS X operating system , and the programmers behind Open Source Linux have significant upgrades over the same period .
The difference between Microsoft and Apple can be largely explained by two factors .
One is structural : Apple 's OS X is based on Unix , which has a different architecture from Windows , and may be inherently easier to upgrade .
The other is that Microsoft is a victim of its past monopolistic success : any new version of Windows has to be ' backwards compatible ' with the thousands of programs and hardware devices built to work on earlier versions of the operating system .
Apple has much less of a ' legacy ' problem in this sense .
The really interesting comparison is with Linux , a product of comparable complexity developed by an independent , dispersed community of programmers who communicate mainly over the net .
How come they can outperform a stupendously rich company that can afford to employ very smart people and give them all the resources they need ?
Here 's a possible answer : complexity .
Modern operating systems are staggeringly complicated .
In terms of the number of their components , and the richness of the interactions between them , they are far more complex than an Airbus or a jumbo jet .
Microsoft 's problems with Windows may be an indicator that operating systems are getting beyond the capacity of any single organisation to handle them .
Whatever other charges might be levelled against Microsoft , technical incompetence is n't one .
If the folks at Redmond can't do it , maybe it just can't be done .
Therein may lie the real significance of Open Source .
In a perceptive book published in 2004 , the social scientist , Steve Weber argued that it's not Linux per se but the collaborative process by which the software was created that is the real innovation .
In those terms , Linux is probably the first truly networked enterprise in history .
Weber likened Open Source production to an earlier process which had a revolutionary impact - Toyota 's production system - which in time transformed the way cars are made everywhere .
The Toyota ' system ' , in that sense , was not a car , and it was not uniquely Japanese .
Similarly , Open Source is not a piece of software , and it is not unique to a group of hackers .
It 's a way of building complex things .
Microsoft 's struggles with Vista suggest it may be the only way to do operating systems in future .
And while we 're on the subject of Vista , have you heard Google 's whinge to the folks in Washington ?
It has complained that nasty Bill Gates has made the MSN search engine the default in Vista .
' The market favours open choice for search , ' said Marissa Mayer , vice - president at Google 's search products division .
' We do n't think it 's right for Microsoft to just set the default to MSN .
We believe users should choose . '
Right on .
So will Google provide links to MSN and Yahoo Search on its Home page ?
You only have to ask to know the answer .
Having already ratted on its ' Do n't Be Evil ' motto by capitulating to the Chinese government , maybe Google should try ' Do n't Be Hypocritical ' next .
The support and participation of our members is what makes us able to offer some of the most highly respected conferences and publications in the industry .
The now infamous Blue Screen of Death ( BSoD ) has been around since Windows 3.1 .
However , by chance , this screen made an appearance back in Windows 1.0 !
Have we finally discovered the original origins of this beast !
It 's always great to reflect on how hard it was to get to devices like the Windows Phone or the iPhone .
There are many causes for this error : Bad DLL's , incorrect device drivers , bad memory , damaged registry , etc .
This error has become less predominant in later years .
Receiving such an error now , is much more serious than it used to be in the Windows 3.1/95/98 days .
Below are some of the Top 10 Blue Screen of Death images !
Some of these might be fake images , unless I was to take them myself how could I be sure obviously .
Enjoy !
Blue screen of death on a subway car .
Blue Screen of Death in New York City
With the introduction of the x86 processor to Mac , Blue Screen of Death has finally come to Macintosh !
Blue screen of Death at an airport .
Fidelity gets a visit from the Blue Screen of Death .
I hate seeing the Blue Screen of Death in airports .
World Famous Windows 98 Blue Screen of Death .
This one occurred back at COMDEX , April 20th , 1998 .
" So I 'm just going to go ahead and plug in the new device .
You 'll notice that this scanner ...
Wow !..
Moving right along ... "
" That must be why we 're not shipping Windows 98 yet . "
Not only are Macintosh laptops getting this great Blue Screen of Death upgrade !
Even your public phone and Internet portal systems receive visits from the Blue Screen of Death .
Finally ..
The Original Blue Screen of Death in Windows 1.0 !
Although this is not the true " Blue Screen of Death " , it is funny to see this happened even back in the day !
The origins of the blue screen ....
Bonus Blue Screen of Death Images
New York City , Corner of 42nd street and 8th avenue
Bonus Tips and Tricks
Did you know typing into Internet Explorer Version 4 through 7 " about : mozilla " in the address bar would cause a BSoD ( well , humor me here , its just a blue screen , but still funny ) .
If the above does n't work , you are running Windows XP SP2 , so type : " res://mshtml.dll/about.moz " and you will get it !
I 've started a new blog , www.miguelcarrasco.com focused on social media , digital marketing , and technology .
I think you 'd love it and I 'd love for you to check it out !
Nature magazine has some tough questions to answer after it let its Wikipedia fetish get the better of its responsibilities to reporting science .
The Encyclopedia Britannica has published a devastating response to Nature 's December comparison of Wikipedia and Britannica , and accuses the journal of misrepresenting its own evidence .
Where the evidence did n't fit , says Britannica , Nature 's news team just made it up .
Britannica has called on the journal to repudiate the report , which was put together by its news team .
Independent experts were sent 50 unattributed articles from both Wikipedia and Britannica , and the journal claimed that Britannica turned up 123 " errors " to Wikipedia 's 162 .
But Nature sent only misleading fragments of some Britannica articles to the reviewers , sent extracts of the children 's version and Britannica 's " book of the year " to others , and in one case , simply stitched together bits from different articles and inserted its own material , passing it off as a single Britannica entry .
Nice " Mash - Up " - but bad science .
" Almost everything about the journal 's investigation , from the criteria for identifying inaccuracies to the discrepancy between the article text and its headline , was wrong and misleading , " says Britannica .
" Dozens of inaccuracies attributed to the Britannica were not inaccuracies at all , and a number of the articles Nature examined were not even in the Encyclopedia Britannica .
The study was so poorly carried out and its findings so error - laden that it was completely without merit . "
In one case , for example .
Nature 's peer reviewer was sent only the 350 word introduction to a 6,000 word Britannica article on lipids - which was criticized for containing omissions .
A pattern also emerges which raises questions about the choice of the domain experts picked by Nature 's journalists .
Several got their facts wrong , and in many other cases , simply offered differences of opinion .
" Dozens of the so - called inaccuracies they attributed to us were nothing of the kind ; they were the result of reviewers expressing opinions that differed from ours about what should be included in an encyclopedia article .
In these cases Britannica 's coverage was actually sound . "
Nature only published a summary of the errors its experts found some time after the initial story , and has yet to disclose all the reviewer 's notes .
So how could a respected science publication make such a grave series of errors ?
How much does a barrel of oil cost ?
Oil prices went above $ 65 ( £ 36 ) a barrel for the first time yesterday , notching up yet another record .
Prices have jumped by more than 100 % in the past year and a half and are now well over the $ 22 - $ 28 target range set by the Opec oil cartel .
What are US light and Brent crude ?
There are the two benchmarks for world oil prices .
One is the futures contract - an agreement for future delivery at a specified time , place and price - for US light crude .
The contract is widely used as the benchmark for determining crude oil and refined product prices in the US and abroad .
Brent crude oil is a North Sea crude widely used to determine crude oil prices in Europe as well as other parts of the world .
Together , the light crude oil futures contract and Brent crude are used as the basis for virtually every physical crude oil transaction .
Why have oil prices risen ?
Strong economic growth in the US - which consumes a quarter of the world 's petrol - and Asia , particularly in China , has been putting pressure on prices .
World oil demand grew at its strongest pace in 30 years last year .
Opec is pumping oil pretty much at full capacity .
What about political factors ?
With oil suppliers at full stretch , any hint of political instability in the Middle East easily unsettles the market .
The latest worry is Iran , Opec 's second biggest producer after Saudi Arabia .
Traders worry that the row between the west and Iran over its determination to restart nuclear processes could lead to sanctions that might disrupt oil supplies .
Tension in Saudi Arabia , where Britain and Australia this week warned of attacks from militants , is another political worry .
Are there any other big problems ?
Refining capacity has been one of the biggest pressures on oil prices .
Oil from the ground has to be refined before it can be used , but there is a shortage of refineries .
To make matters worse , US refineries have been plagued by stoppages or accidents .
An explosion at the BP plant in Texas City , near Houston , in March killed 15 people .
Some traders blame such problems on ageing plants that are having difficulty maintaining output at high levels .
Industry officials say these snags are common for this time of year , when plants run hard to meet peak gasoline demand .
What has been the economic impact ?
Advanced economies have soaked up high oil prices remarkably well , with inflation well under wraps .
Britain 's inflation is running at 2 % , whereas it jumped to more than 20 % during the oil price shocks in the 70s .
Why the minimal impact ?
This is partly because western economies use oil less intensively and more efficiently than in the past and so are better able to absorb higher oil prices .
Also important is that the current rise in oil prices is driven by strong demand rather than an interruption to Middle East oil supplies , as happened in 1974 and 1979 .
Oil prices in 1979 hit $ 80 a barrel in the equivalent of today 's money , well above the $ 65 a barrel level .
Does this mean we can relax ?
Not quite .
The rule of thumb is that a $ 5 increase in the price of oil sustained over a one - year period lops 0.3 % off global growth , according to the International Monetary Fund .
Moreover , the three global recessions in the past 30 years were all preceded by a sharp rise in oil prices .
How high will prices go ?
Back in April , the investment bank Goldman Sachs made waves when it warned that the oil market was in the early stages of a " super spike " that could push prices as high as $ 105 a barrel .
But Vince Cable , the Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman and a former economist at Shell , dismissed talk of $ 100 a barrel as alarmist .
He says high oil prices will lead to increased production and exploration , thereby improving supply , and to falling demand , as consuming economies slow in the face of higher energy costs .
Market estimates suggest that oil prices will remain at current levels for the next few years , although some oil experts believe there is roughly a one in 20 chance that oil prices will be $ 100 or higher in a year 's time .
How much is the price of petrol ?
Motorists in the UK are now paying 90 p a litre on average .
In the US , they have also reached record but are still at prices Europeans can only dream of - $ 2.35 a gallon , equivalent to about 34 p a litre .
Is the world running out of oil ?
Major oil reserves are becoming harder to find and more expensive to exploit .
Many of the fields outside Opec countries are mature , which means that finds are now smaller .
They need more costly technology to develop and they fall faster from peak production .
Some experts though , such as Professor Peter Odell of Erasmus University in Rotterdam , think there are plenty of reserves left and that the world is running into oil rather than out of it .
Why did n't you say some of the things you can't say ?
The most extreme of the things you can't say would be very shocking to most readers .
If you doubt that , imagine what people in 1830 would think of our default educated east coast beliefs about , say , premarital sex , homosexuality , or the literal truth of the Bible .
We would seem depraved to them .
So we should expect that someone who similarly violated our taboos would seem depraved to us .
If I said this kind of thing , it would be like someone doing a cannonball into a swimming pool .
Immediately , the essay would be about that , and not about the more general and ultimately more important point .
Another alternative would be to say milder , moderately controversial things , like those Larry Elder wrote about in The Ten Things You Ca n't Say In America .
I have n't read this book and have no idea if it's any good , but these are certainly not the ten things you can't say in America .
I can easily think of ten that would be more shocking .
If I stuck to this kind of mildly shocking statement , it would give people the comforting illusion that these ideas , which you hear often enough on talk radio and in bars , represent the outer limits of what you can't say .
In fact , finding the outer limits is very , very hard .
Popular controversialists just go for the low hanging fruit .
To really solve the problem would take years of introspection .
You have to untangle your ideas from the ideas of your time , and that 's so hard that few people in history have even come close .
Isaac Newton , smart as he was , wasted years on theological controversies .
I disagree with your generalization that physicists are smarter than professors of French Literature .
Actually , for illustrative purposes I did include a few things you can't say , but I stuck to domain - specific ones .
Within university faculties , this is the great unmentionable .
And look at how much trouble I got in for bringing it up .
( So far no one from the US car industry has complained though , perhaps because I mentioned explicitly that a heresy was coming , instead of just inlining it . )
Try this thought experiment .
A dictator takes over the US and sends all the professors to re-education camps .
The physicists are told they have to learn how to write academic articles about French literature , and the French literature professors are told they have to learn how to write original physics papers .
If they fail , they 'll be shot .
Which group is more worried ?
We have some evidence here : the famous parody that physicist Alan Sokal got published in Social Text .
How long did it take him to master the art of writing deep - sounding nonsense well enough to fool the editors ?
A couple weeks ?
What do you suppose would be the odds of a literary theorist getting a parody of a physics paper published in a physics journal ?
The Conformist Test does n't consider a third possibility : that you simply do n't care what anyone thinks .
True enough .
But considering how very hard it is to disentangle yourself from the thinking of your time , someone who comforts himself with this thought is almost certain to be mistaken .
It 's not enough to be an ornery cuss .
You have to be Voltaire , and then some .
We are the product of the our experiences , so of course you 're going to have similar morality to people around you , but that does n't mean you 're not independent .
Sure it does .
Independent people transcend their time .
Copernicus realized the sun did n't go around the earth when traditional teachings , everyone around him , and even the evidence of his senses said that it did .
At the time the idea was such a stretch that he had a hard time believing it himself : he was forced into it , because it was the only way to make the numbers come out right .
It may be hard to transcend your time , but I think one should at least aspire to , instead of comforting oneself with the thought that being the product of a particular time and place excuses one for being mistaken .
The fact that you can't say something does n't mean it 's true .
I believe this is implicit in " So it 's likely that visitors from the future would agree with at least some of the statements that get people in trouble today . "
In an earlier version I made this point explicitly , but it seemed repetitive , so I cut it .
The reason I forbid my children to use words like " fuck " and " shit " is not that I want them to seem innocent , but because these words are ill - mannered and contribute nothing to communication .
If these words did n't serve a purpose , they would n't exist .
One of their purposes is to express strong displeasure .
It may be ill - mannered to be constantly expressing strong displeasure , but there are cases when it 's warranted .
I would not consider someone ill - mannered for saying " oh shit " when told that their house had just burnt down .
I would n't consider a drill instructor ill - mannered for saying " what the fuck do you think you 're doing ? " to a recruit on a firing range who inadvertantly pointed his weapon at another person .
In these situations , " dear dear " ( the alternative my parents taught me ) would be insufficient -- it would be inaccurate .
Here 's a thought experiment you can try to examine your motives .
Is there any situation in which the idea of your children using these words would not seem repellent ?
There are probably moments of strong displeasure in everyone 's life .
So if you dislike the idea of your children using such words regardless of the circumstances , then probably you do , in fact , simply want them to seem innocent .
You claim that it 's lazy to label ideas as x-ist , and yet you say " many otherwise intelligent people were socialists in the middle of the twentieth century . "
This is not using a label to suppress ideas .
They called themselves socialists .
Saying that Sidney Webb was a socialist is like saying that Myron Scholes is an economist .
It 's just a statement of fact .
How can you dismiss socialism so casually ?
I 've thought a lot about this , actually ; it was not a casual remark .
I think the fundamental question is not whether the government pays for schools or medicine , but whether you allow people to get rich .
In England in the 1970s , the top income tax rate was 98 % .
That 's what the Beatles ' song " Tax Man " is referring to when they say " one for you , nineteen for me . "
Any country that makes this choice ends up losing net , because new technology tends to be developed by people trying to make their fortunes .
It 's too much work for anyone to do for ordinary wages .
Smart people might work on sexy projects like fighter planes and space rockets for ordinary wages , but semiconductors or light bulbs or the plumbing of e-commerce probably have to be developed by entrepreneurs .
Life in the Soviet Union would have been even poorer if they had n't had American technologies to copy .
Finland is sometimes given as an example of a prosperous socialist country , but apparently the combined top tax rate is 55 % , only 5 % higher than in California .
So if they seem that much more socialist than the US , it is probably simply because they do n't spend so much on their military .
There are indeed things you can't say in Holland .
Oops , yes , I forgot about the fate of Pim Fortuyn .
What does ABQ stand for ?
Always be questioning .
Given that I helped start the Yahoo !
Developer Network and once again spend my days ( and some nights ) working on it , you should not be shocked to know that I think APIs are pretty important .
This all goes back to something I tried to articulate a couple years ago ( around the time we were working on making the Search APIs available , IIRC ) : Ubiquity in the Internet Age .
In that post I made two claims about the web that I 'd like to make once again :
The web enables infinite distribution of content without any special effort or infrastructure .
The web extends the reach of our apps and services as far as we 're willing to let them go .
I went on to say :
The closer to everywhere you can reach , the better off you 'll be .
Where is everywhere ?
The notion of everywhere has changed too .
It 's not just about every desktop anymore .
It 's about every Internet - enabled device : cell phone , desktop , laptop , tablet , palmtop , PDA , Tivo , set - top box , game console , and so on .
Everywhere also includes being on web sites you 've never seen and in media that you may not yet understand .
That eventually led into a discussion on APIs and Syndication ( RSS / Atom ) that began with :
Giving users the ability to access your data and services on their own terms makes ubiquity possible .
There are so many devices and platforms that it 's really challenging to do a great job of supporting them all .
There are so many web sites on which you have no presence today .
By opening up your content and APIs , anyone with the right skills and tools can extend your reach .
But until that point , this was largely based on evidence I 'd seen elsewhere : Flickr , Amazon.com , and so on .
So we'd been doing some of it on the " if you build it , they will come " faith along with a dose of common sense and reason .
But that was all two years ago , so I 'd largely forgotten that I wrote most of that ( just like most of you , I suspect ) .
It all came back in a flash last week when someone pointed me at Kevin 's Yahoo Answers on Mobile .
It 's a textbook case ( if there is such a thing ) of someone being able to put one of our services on their device :
... For me that geek speak which is foreign to me is soccer .
I played football my whole life and the rules and lingo in soccer leave me baffled .
When folks are talking about soccer , I feel like a shmoe and sort of drift off .
I wish I knew more about the game .
There is clearly a problem here looking for a solution .
I have my cell phone with me and would love to be able look up some of the soccer terms on the fly , get answers , and get involved in that conversation .
To that end , on the way to Emma�s first game we stopped at Barnes and Noble .
I picked up a cup of coffee and an issue of Business 2.0 .
One of the articles was about Yahoo Answers .
Yahoo Answers had 12 million uniques in June ( YouTube had 13 million ) .
This is clearly a hot and valuable web property and for a reason .
It is a great resource for learning things in a hurry .
I could instantly become a soccer expert with Yahoo Answers on my cell phone .
And he did just that .
Back that " Why APIs ? " question ...
So that Kevin can become a soccer expert at his kindergarten daughter 's games .
That 's why .
Posted by jzawodn at October 16 , 2006 02:52 PM
nebensachen aus madrid
: Verrauchte Kneipen wie eh und je oder : Wo Spaniens Anti-Tabak - Gesetz endet
Es ist eine typische españolada – etwas , was nur in Spanien passiert .
Mit riesigem Pressewirbel trat am 1 . Januar das Anti-Tabak - Gesetz in Kraft .
Welcher europäische Sender hatte nicht darüber berichtet ?
„ Spanien lässt das Rauchen “ , hieß es überall , erstaunt .
Doch die Realität ist eine andere .
Zwar verbietet das neue Gesetz erfolgreich den Tabakkonsum am Arbeitsplatz , nicht aber in Kneipen und Restaurants .
Denn die Bestimmung , Raucher - und Nichtraucherzonen baulich zu trennen , betrifft nur Lokale über 100 Quadratmeter .
Darunter beschließt der Chef , ob geraucht wird oder nicht .
Nach der Statistik liegen 90 Prozent der Etablissements unter der 100er - Grenze .
Und da die Kneipiers um ihre Kundschaft bangen , hängt in fast allen Bars ein Zettel im Fenster .
„ In diesem Lokal ist das Rauchen nach dem Gesetz 28/2005 vom 26 .
Dezember 2005 erlaubt . “
Spanien raucht gesetzlich weiter .
Für die Hauptstadt Madrid findet die wichtigste Internetsuchmaschine gerade mal 91 rauchfreie Lokale , die meisten davon Filialen internationaler Ketten rund um die Museen .
Sie haben die in Sachen Tabak bewusstere Touristenklientel im Auge .
Doch wer morgens vor der Arbeit einen Kaffee trinken oder abends Tapas essen und einen Wein schlürfen will , muss den Rauch der Mitgäste hinnehmen .
Und selbst in Kneipen mit Raucherzone setzt kaum jemand die Rechte der Nichtraucher durch .
Läuft Fußball , wird überall gequalmt .
Der Kneipier möchte keinen Streit , macht gute Miene zum bösen Spiel oder raucht gleich mit .
Wenn wundert es da , dass die Nichtraucher kein Vertrauen in die Werbung des „ Clubs der Raucher für die Toleranz “ haben ?
„ Das Gesetz führt zu Streit am Arbeitsplatz “ , heißt es auf den Plakaten , die die Raucherlobby in den staatlichen Rauchwarengeschäften aushängt .
Dialog statt Verbot sei die Lösung .
„ Jetzt geht es gegen die Raucher , wer kommt als Nächster ? “ , mahnt der Club , als würde es sich beim Tabakgesetz um die von Martin Niemöller in seinem bekannten Gedicht beschriebene Verfolgung durch das Naziregime handeln .
Längst ist das Tabakgesetz , das im Parlament von allen Parteien getragen wurde , zum politischen Spielball geworden .
Sowohl im nationalistisch regierten Baskenland als auch in der konservativ regierten Hauptstadtregion wollen die Landesregierungen einen eigenen Weg gehen .
In Madrid wird künftig das Rauchen in großen Festsälen erlaubt sein .
Denn die Gäste auf Hochzeiten , Kommunionen und Taufen wollen nach dem Mahl genüsslich zu café und copa eine Zigarette oder Zigarre genießen .
Dass bei diesen Feiern Kinder anwesend sind , übersehen die Regionalpolitiker .
Mancherorts kam es gar zu Streiks gegen das Tabakgesetz .
So schlossen in einigen Großstädten die Kioske für einen Tag .
„ Zur Verteidigung der Verfassung gegen die Diskriminierung der Zeitungsverkäufer durch das Tabakgesetz “ , stand auf den Plakaten .
Die Regierung lenkte ein .
Die 35.000 Kioske dürfen wieder Zigaretten verkaufen .
Bisher wurden nur zwei Strafmandate wegen Verstoßes gegen das Tabakgesetz bekannt .
Eine Geldstrafe von 300
Euro wurde gegen den Gast einer rauchfreien Cafeteria in Navarra verhängt , der trotz wiederholter Aufforderung das Rauchen nicht einstellte .
Pech , dass ein paar Meter weiter ein Polizist frühstückte .
Der andere Bußgeldbescheid ging an einen Patienten im Krankenhaus von Córdoba .
Der wollte nicht einsehen , dass er auf dem Flur nicht mehr rauchen darf .
Als er aggressiv wurde , riefen die Pfleger die Polizei .
REINER WANDLER
I ’d like to share this with you all , because it seems like for the first time it ’s possible .
Online video has really come into its own in the last year .
There are moments in computer history I read about when I was younger , or heard about through various media , but I never actually got to see .
I ’ve been finding these events in online video .
I ’ll go through them in chronological order .
I ’ve been able to embed some videos in this page .
So you can watch them right here .
Others require you to follow a link to another page to view them .
I ’ve provided these links as well .
Douglas Engelbart —
The mother of all demos
The first is “ The Demo ” ( video link ) , or “ The mother of all demos , ” as it ’s been called , given by Douglas Engelbart .
It happened in 1968 at Menlo Park in San Francisco , CA .
It was so far ahead of its time , some people who saw it thought it was all scripted , that there was no computer power behind it .
They thought it was just smoke and mirrors .
In fact it was all real .
Everything about the system was cutting edge for its time , and it was only a rough prototype .
A lot of work and infrastructure behind the scenes was necessary to make it all come together .
Engelbart is widely credited with creating the computer mouse .
He uses his mouse device in the demo .
However , the software system he helped create , as you ’ll see in a series of videos here as you can see in the series of videos at the link above , embodied principles that did not exist before , and are now everyday features in modern word processors and in some ways , the internet .
In general the demo reminded me a lot of what I had heard about with Project Xanadu .
One principle , user collaboration , which he also demonstrated , has just begun to enter wide use in information technology in the last several years .
You ’ll be amazed .
Engelbart and his team actually managed to implement video conferencing in concert with collaborative computing !
The technology for the internet had not been invented yet , but as Engelbart notes at the end of his presentation , its beginnings would take shape the year after this demo .
Engelbart did not do this using all digital technology , but rather a combination of digital and analog .
The computer displays and mouse cursor movements onscreen were generated using digital computers , and they responded to keyboard input and mouse movements .
The video conferencing was accomplished using a combination of computer networking ( for the digital end of the collaboration ) , and microwave transmitter / receiver microwave technology , analog video camera , video mixer , and projector technology .
There is a part of the demo where Engelbart says he ’s having the computer create a video window for a partner in the collaboration .
I ’m not sure if he ’s saying he ’s telling the computer to move text around so that the video mixer can bring in an analog signal to the display and not cover the digitally produced text , or if the computer is somehow controlling the video mixer to bring in the collaborator ’s video signal .
In any case it ’s impressive .
The computer manipulates the video mixer , to patch in the video signal so he can see the partner he is collaborating with .
Wow !
During the demo he has video footage of some of the technology that was used to create the presentation , plus some of the personnel , so everyone could see the “ wizards behind the curtain . ”
The themes of the demo are using computers to organize information , to manage it , and make it easy to find , and make it easy for people in far flung locations to collaborate on this information .
As I watched the cataloging portion of the demo , it made me think of the WinFS project at Microsoft , though it is now significantly scaled back .
An impressive feature of Engelbart ’s system is that the source code for much of what was seen in the demo was itself cataloged in the system .
So it was possible to go through the source code in a structured manner .
This is somewhat similar to what it ’s like to work with code in modern IDEs , like Visual Studio or Eclipse .
For example they demonstrate expanding and collapsing sections of code .
One of the programmers in this presentation demonstrates how it ’s possible to change the source code from within the catalog , and do what we would now call “ edit and continue ” ( just compiling the piece that was changed and link it into the system–while it ’s running ) .
Impressive !
Although it ’ll be difficult to follow along and understand the code ( they said that a few custom programming languages were created for the system ) , try to follow the general ideas they ’re talking about .
Actually the code demos remind me of programming presentations I ’ve been to at developer user group meetings … Nothing has changed ! 🙂
Smalltalk and Alan Kay
Some of the core concepts of Engelbart ’s work would be incorporated into research accomplishments at Xerox PARC ( Palo Alto Research Center ) .
The above videos are of the Smalltalk - 80 system .
These are based on earlier work on Smalltalk that was done at PARC in the early 1970s by Alan Kay , Dan Ingalls , Adele Goldberg , and other researchers .
The influence of Engelbart ’s research is obvious : everything is organized , cataloged , and documented , but this time in an object - oriented system ; and of course there ’s the mouse .
The Smalltalk system is something I heard about in college , around 1992 .
At first it sounded very foreign .
We were learning Smalltalk strictly as a programming language .
Our professor told us that the original Smalltalk was in fact the operating system of the computer .
Programmers manipulated it through a graphical interface .
You can see this in the demos .
The very idea of an operating system based around a programming language–one that could be used to manipulate the system directly , was a tough one to get my head around at the time .
I would later learn that many operating systems had this characteristic .
Unix and Microsoft Windows were largely written in C , for example , and so C and C++ were the main languages used to work with them , for a time .
The Smalltalk system , however , shared some characteristics with the way that 8 - bit microcomputers were designed in the 1970s and 1980s .
The programming language , usually BASIC , was part of the system .
The system and the language were practically inseparable .
What was unique was Smalltalk had a graphical interface that one could use with the programming language , built in .
Furthermore , you could work with several ideas at the same time , due to the windowing features built in .
And to save screen real estate , windows could be overlapped .
Online video did n’t exist when I was in college , and to the best of my knowledge we had no videotape of this Smalltalk system I ’d heard about .
So all I had was this description to carry around in my head .
Those of us who have used Visual Studio will recognize features similar to IntelliSense in the 2nd video .
Smalltalk was an innovative system that I think embodied something that Alan Kay has always strived for : make it easy to incorporate various forms of media into programmable objects that become part of the overall system .
He has continued this work in the next generation of Smalltalk , in Squeak and Croquet .
If you ’re just interested in seeing these technologies in action , start with Part 3 at the linked page .
Kay is always interesting to listen to , so it would be worth watching Parts 1 - 6 .
Again , he ’s coupled a graphical interface with the language .
Watch for some of these ideas to start becoming mainstream in the next 10 years , though in the usual pattern of events , we ’ll probably see them show up on the Apple Mac ( or its successor ) first .
Smalltalk was the operating system of the Xerox Alto , created in 1973 ( this is according to Kay ) .
This was the famous prototype machine that is now regarded as a marvel , but the Xerox brass rejected .
Incidentally , the Xerox team had in effect created the modern day computer .
The Alto had a GUI ( the Smalltalk system ) , a mouse , ethernet networking ( ethernet was invented at Xerox PARC – the protocol used on the internet ) , word processing , and e-mail sending / receiving over a LAN .
They had about 100 Alto computers networked together .
They had laser printing , using a modified Xerox copier machine .
As Steve Jobs would say later , Xerox had snatched defeat from the jaws of victory .
Their engineers had invented the future ( a famous saying of Kay ’s is that the easiest way to predict the future is to invent it ) , but the higher ups did n’t recognize it .
You can see in the Smalltalk - 80 demos the graphical user interface that Steve Jobs found so inspiring when he visited PARC , which led him to change the direction of Apple towards developing the Apple Lisa ( released in 1983 ) and the Macintosh ( released in 1984 ) , and which eventually led to the development of Microsoft Windows .
It ’s interesting to contrast the objectives between Kay and Jobs .
Kay , I think , has always focused on making computers educational and knowledge management machines , whereas Jobs just wanted to make computers easier to use .
I heard Kay say in an online video recently that he ’s long wanted to “ kill applications . ”
He does n’t like the concept of running separate programs to get things done .
Rather tasks should be accomplished through objects that are just part of the system , which are manipulated through something like “ playfields ” –a place where objects can be placed together and made to interact with each other to create a functional whole .
Interestingly this is kind of the approach that Microsoft has had taken with Windows , Visual Basic , and COM ( and now Windows and .
Net ) , even though Kay hates Windows .
Kay came to work at Apple at the time the Mac was released , so one can assume he approves of its design for the most part .
I believe he wrote one of the first applications for the Mac , MacPaint .
From the research I ’ve been doing , I ’ve come to learn that Smalltalk - 80 was ported to the Macintosh .
Funny I never heard of this before now .
The most widely known effort to come out of Apple that had any resemblance to Smalltalk was Hypercard .
Why Apple stopped development on it I ’ll never know .
The first Macintosh , and Windows 95
The Macintosh , and Windows 95 , from Wikipedia
( 9/7/06 : I originally had the video for the Mac introduction embedded here , but it refused to play .
So there ’s a link to the page for it below )
Oh , and I ’ve included here the event ( video link ) where Jobs introduces the very first Macintosh computer , released in 1984 , a seminal event in the history of personal computers .
At the time I only read about this event .
Again , I did n’t get to see it .
Now I can .
Is n’t online video wonderful ?
I do n’t have any video links for the Windows 3.0 launch , but I do have something for the Windows 95 launch , an episode from The Computer Chronicles from that time .
This was one of my all - time favorite TV shows .
Sadly it was cancelled in 2002 .
The release of Windows 95 was another seminal event in personal computer history .
It ’s the OS that firmly established Windows as the standard OS on PCs .
This history is summarized in Robert X. Cringely ’s “ Triumph of the Nerds ” video series , and in his book “ Accidental Empires . ”
There ’s also a good history here .
The visionaries
We owe a debt of thanks to visionaries like Engelbart and Kay .
As I ’ve researched these people I ’ve come to realize that their vision for computing has not been completely fulfilled .
Both had similar goals .
From what I ’ve seen of him , Kay has a keen interest in social structures , what makes societies tick .
From what I ’ve read about Engelbart , he ’s much the same way .
In every speech Kay gives , he always talks about technology in a social context .
Engelbart and Kay both have complained about how computers have been applied towards automating “ what we already do . ”
Both of them see computers instead as “ mind amplifiers , ” augmenting our intelligence .
They see the human mind as having a great but limited capacity to understand the world and / or universe we live in .
Computers can help expand the mind to make our human existence greater than it once was , to help us understand more than we otherwise would without them .
I do n’t know if they see this , but I think the reason society has not used computers in this way , is that this notion seemed too much like science fiction .
Perhaps their intent behind the vision was n’t expressed so well either .
Most people probably looked at their technology and came to the same conclusions that Steve Jobs did : this will enhance people ’s lives , because it will allow people to more easily automate tasks .
It will make the computer more approachable .
End of story .
My own sense is that the reason computers have been used to “ automate what we already do ” is that there are certain repetitive or mundane tasks which have historically weighed us down in our work .
The idea that people who implement I.T. solutions have is let the computers handle the drudge work , so that people ’s minds are freed to become more creative .
Perhaps once this is done , then people will focus more on using computers to enhance our mind ’s vision of the world and universe we live in .
Special thanks go to those who posted these videos online so that myself and others can finally see them .
I ’ve enjoyed them so much .
Edit 8/25/06 : I found an episode of The Computer Chronicles , focused on the Macintosh , that further ties all this together .
It was made 3/12/85 , about a year after the Mac was launched .
You ’ll notice the guests talking about “ new ” things with respect to the Mac that most of us take for granted now , no matter what system we use .
In 20/20 hindsight I found this to be a very interesting episode in that it hints at the “ battle of the GUIs ” that was to come .
They also hinted at potential problems the Mac was going to have being accepted by the business community , and why those problems existed .
In addition to the Mac interface , Digital Research ’s GEM ( Graphical Environment Manager ) for the PC also gets demo’d , by Lee Lorenzen , an alumnus of Xerox PARC who worked for Digital Research .
Looking at it now , it almost feels like an “ inside job . ”
For you see , Gary Kildall , the co-host of the show , was the head of Digital Research .
You ’ll notice as Stewart Cheifet does that the GEM interface in this demo looks a lot like the Mac interface , but with color .
The interview with Larry Tesler , another Xerox PARC alumnus ( who worked at Apple ) , and Bennet Wiseman is particularly interesting , because they do a review of “ where all this came from . ”
Tesler gives credit to Doug Engelbart , and mentions the Smalltalk system developed at PARC .
Wiseman talks a bit about the Xerox Star , the first commercially available computer with a graphical interface ( though very expensive ) , based on the work done earlier on the Alto .
Paul Schindler makes his pronouncement that despite Apple ’s efforts at the time , the Mac was destined to not be popular with the business community .
Indeed it was not .
Digital Research would go on to get sued by Apple , because its GEM interface “ looked and felt ” too much like the Mac interface .
I remember reading at the time that GEM for the PC ended up being crippled , due to the changes Apple demanded .
Overlapping windows were no longer allowed , the menu at the top of the screen was taken away , disk icons could no longer exist on the desktop , and the desktop trashcan had to go .
It soon faded into obscurity .
For some reason Apple just went after GEM on the PC , but not on Atari computers .
Ironically GEM in its original form lived on for years on the Atari ST series .
When DRI got sued by Apple , Atari joined in as a co-defendant , since the ST depended on GEM .
There were rumors that the Tramiels who ran Atari did n’t try hard to make the ST a success in the U.S. , since if they did , Apple would come after them .
This was never confirmed to my knowledge .
I wonder if one reason Apple went after GEM and other systems with GUIs , like the Commodore Amiga ( Apple lost against them ) , and Microsoft Windows ( Apple lost against them , too ) , was that the original Macintosh only had a monochrome display , but these others could run their GUIs in color .
The Mac ’s monochrome display was mentioned as a drawback in the show .
Edit 9/7/06 : The Dynabook .
I love this topic !
( can you tell ? )
As I ’ve researched more , I ’ve discovered that a discussion of “ great moments in computing ” would not be complete without including Alan Kay ’s Dynabook concept , written about in his paper , “ A Personal Computer for Children of All Ages ” ( PDF ) , written in 1972 at Xerox PARC .
I found it through Thinkubator .
There ’s no video for this .
Just the paper , but what a paper !
Using descriptions and illustrations
Kay outlined his vision for what personal computers would be someday .
As Kay would say , the idea of personal computers had actually been around for a while , at least since the 1960s .
I think what makes Kay ’s idea unique is what he imagined the Dynabook could do , and the size of the machine .
As he says in his paper , some of the technology necessary to make it happen was already available , but some of it was not .
There was some “ hand waving , ” and he readily admitted this , but some of it came true nevertheless .
I do n’t know this for fact , but Kay was perhaps the first to envision a computer that ordinary people would find useful to their lives .
Most people in the computer industry did n’t understand personal computers during this time .
They thought of computers as mainframes that took up entire rooms , and minicomputers that would fit in an office .
The idea of a personal computer , one that people could use in the home , school , or take with them on business trips , was considered impractical by most heads of business .
“ A computer that small ?
What could it do ? ”
Kay had some ideas about that .
The paper is n’t that long either , 11 pages , but in it you can see the computer you are using today .
Kay envisioned the Dynabook as a portable computer , 9 ″ x 12 ″ x 3/4 ″ , about the size of a modern laptop , with its own battery , and would weigh less than 4 pounds .
In fact he said , “ The size should be no larger than a notebook . ”
He envisioned that it would use removable media for file storage ( about 1 MB in size , he said ) , that it might have a keyboard , and that it would record and play audio files , in addition to displaying text .
He said that if no physical keyboard came with the unit , a software keyboard could be brought up , and the screen could be made touch - sensitive so that the user could just type on the screen .
Hmmm .
It sounds a bit like my PDA …
Oh , and he made a wild guess that it would cost no more than $ 500 to the consumer .
He said , “ The owner will be able to maintain and edit his own files of text and programs , when and where he chooses . ”
This was a very important distinction for personal computers during that time .
In the days of mainframes , computer files were maintained by system operators , not the people who submitted tasks to them , though they owned their set of punch cards .
I suppose you could say the data on the punch cards was their files , and the cards were the storage media , but punch cards were clumsy .
Files were stored on drums and tape media nevertheless in the course of executing processes or archiving data .
A key phrase was “ when and where he chooses . ”
Mainframes were of course immovable .
They required a staff to maintain them .
They were typically batch processing systems that required users to bring in their jobs they wanted executed , according to a schedule .
Once the job was submitted to the system operator they had to wait until the job was submitted to the computer by that operator , wait for the computer to finish the task , and the output was delivered via .
printout .
An aspect that Kay expresses throughout the paper is immediacy .
The user interacts with the computer .
There ’s no proscribed process for doing that , as with mainframes .
And there ’s no middleman to get in the way of that interaction .
We take this for granted now , but this was not the way computing was done back then .
He envisioned that the Dynabook would be able to “ dock ” with a larger computer system at work .
The user could download data , and recharge its battery while hooked up .
He figured the transfer rate would be 300 Kbps , about the speed of a DSL connection now .
We ’ve had systems that do just this for the past 15 years , though I think the data transfer rate was faster when they first came into being .
He thought that the device could be hooked up to “ vending machines ” that would supply information for a fee .
Interesting .
It did n’t work out that way , but we have sites on the internet that are like this .
He imagined the Dynabook being connected to an “ information utility , ” like what was called at the time “ the ARPA network , ” which later came to be called the Internet .
He predicted this would open up online access to schools and libraries of information , “ stores ” ( a.k.a. e-commerce sites ) , and would bring “ billboards ” ( a.k.a. web ads ) to the user .
I LOVE this quote : “ One can imagine one of the first programs an owner will write is a filter to eliminate advertising ! ”
Yep , he really said that !
This really gives you an idea of how visionary he is , because people have done this with web browsers –eliminating advertising , pop-ups and such .
Now if we could just have good spam filters …
Another forward - looking concept he imagined is that it might have a flat - panel plasma display .
He was n’t sure if this would work , since it would draw a lot of power , but he thought it was worth trying .
I ’m not sure , but I would n’t be surprised if we have flat - panel plasma displays on laptops and tablet PCs now .
He thought an LCD flat - panel screen was another good option to consider .
Kay thought it essential that the machine make it possible to use different fonts .
He and fellow researchers had already done some experiments with font technology , and he showed some examples of their results in his paper .
He does n’t elaborate on this , but he hints at a graphical interface for the device .
He describes in spots how the user can create and save “ dynamic graphics . ”
In a scenario he illustrates in the paper , two children are playing a game like Space War on the Dynabook , involving graphics animation , experimenting with concepts of gravity .
This scenario lays down the concept of it being a learning machine , and one that ’s easy enough for children to manipulate through a programming language .
Incidentally , in a different paper on the history of Smalltalk , Kay refers to the Xerox Alto as an “ interim Dynabook , ” another concept that was making the rounds at Xerox PARC .
I assume by “ interim , ” he meant “ almost but not quite . ”
Kay has held on to his vision for a long time .
I recently read about an experimental system called “ The $ 100 laptop , ” being spearheaded by the One Laptop Per Child organization , an effort that Kay has been involved in .
It ’s headed by Nicolas Negroponte , an old friend of Kay ’s from MIT .
The hope is that it can be developed for Third World countries , to truly bring computing to the world ’s masses .
From what I ’ve read about it , with the latest developments on it , its price has risen above $ 100 , but they ’re making an effort to keep the unit costs low .
Its design looks innovative , and very stylish .
One of its key features , keeping people of the Third World in mind , is a hand crank for recharging the battery , in case there ’s no electrical outlet at hand to plug it into .
The battery is in the handle of the case .
Great idea !
I can imagine some people in the U.S. wanting to buy one of these .
Last I ’ve heard , it ’s not out yet .
It ’s in the prototype stage , but it looks like it ’s getting more and more defined .
A movie connection
Oh , one other thing .
I ca n’t let this go without mentioning it .
One of my favorite sci- fi movies of all time , Tron , featured a character named “ Alan . ”
In the movie he is the programmer who writes the Tron program , which liberates the mainframe system from the centralized , controlling MCP ( Master Control Program ) .
The movie ’s director , Steven Lisberger , said in an interview about the making of the movie that he had met with Alan Kay , among other people in the computer industry at the time ( around 1980 ) .
Kay told Lisberger about his vision for the Dynabook , the personal computer .
Lisberger said that this was one of the inspirations for the story in Tron .
It does n’t talk about personal computers as an alternative to mainframes though , only that “ running user requests are what computers are for . ”
Anyway , Lisberger said that “ Alan ” was named after Alan Kay .
Neat story . 🙂
Conscientious fans , who buy music legally because it 's the right thing to do , just get insulted .
They 've made the choice not to steal their music , and the labels thank them by giving them an inferior product hampered by software that 's at best a nuisance , and at worst a security threat .
As for musicians , we are left to wonder how many more people could be listening to our music if it were n't such a hassle , and how many more iPods might have our albums on them if our labels had n't sabotaged our releases with cumbersome software .
The truth is that the more a record gets listened to , the more successful it is .
This is not just our megalomania , it 's Marketing 101 : the more times a song gets played , the more of a chance it has to catch the ear of someone new .
It does n't do us much good if people buy our records and promptly shelve them ; we need them to fall in love with our songs and listen to them over and over .
A record that you can't transfer to your iPod is a record you 're less likely to listen to , less likely to get obsessed with and less likely to tell your friends about .
Luckily , my band 's recently released album , " Oh No , " escaped copy control , but only narrowly .
When our album came out , our label 's parent company , EMI , was testing protective software and thought we were a good candidate for it .
Record company executives reasoned that because we appeal to college students who have the high - bandwidth connections necessary for getting access to peer - to - peer networks , we 're the kind of band that gets traded instead of bought .
That may be true , but we are also the sort of band that has n't yet gotten the full attention of MTV and major commercial radio stations , so those college students are our only window onto the world .
They are our best chance for success , and we desperately need them to be listening to us , talking about us , coming to our shows and yes , trading us .
Gehirnwäsche der Sonderklasse Reinhard Jellen
Albrecht Müller über die Riesterrente , die Große Koalition und neoliberale Netzwerke
Albrecht Müller , ehemaliges MdB der SPD , Redenschreiber von Wirtschaftsminister Karl Schiller , Leiter der Planungsabteilung im Bundeskanzleramt unter Willy Brandt und Helmut Schmidt und Initiator des neoliberalismuskritischen Internetforums NachDenkSeiten hat vor zwei Jahren mit dem Buch “ Die Reformlüge “ einen Bestseller gelandet , in dem er allgemeinverständlich die zentralen
Thesen für einen neoliberalen Umbau des Sozialstaats einer empirischen Untersuchung unterzog und auf schlagende Weise relativierte .
Auch seine neueste Publikation “ Machtwahn .
Wie eine mittelmäßige Elite uns zugrunde richtet “ ist bereits nach kürzester Zeit in den Bestsellerlisten , ohne dass der Autor die übliche Tour durch großen Talkshows machte .
Müller untersucht in „ Machtwahn “ den Wahrheitsgehalt der bekannten neoliberalen Dogmen und nimmt sich verschiedene Netzwerke vor , wie etwa die Initiative Neue Soziale Marktwirtschaft ( INSM ) , die diese Leitbilder in Deutschland erst gesellschaftlich wirkungsmächtig haben werden lassen .
Etliche “ unabhängige “ Autoritäten , die in den Medien als prominente Meinungsführer fungieren , werden auf ihre Verstrickungen mit den Wirtschaftslobbies und neoliberalen Netzwerken hin untersucht , was ein zwiespältiges Licht auf die Wirtschaftswissenschaftler , Politiker und Intellektuellen wirft , die scheinbar selbstlos für mehr Eigenverantwortung und Reformen plädieren und sich dies mit Beraterverträgen , lukrativen Aufsichtsratsposten und dergleichen vergelten lassen .
Das Loch in den Rentenkassen wird ausschließlich mit der Bevölkerungsentwicklung in Zusammenhang gebracht .
Dabei wird einiges verschwiegen , wie etwa dass die Rentenkasse seit der Einheit in hohem Maße mit versicherungsfremden Leistungen belastet wurden .
Oder dass durch die Fortschritte in der Produktivität die Abnahme der Einzahler kompensiert wird und zudem das Umlageverfahren relativ krisenfest ist und weniger Betriebskosten verursacht als die kapitalgedeckte Rente .
Wie steht es mit unserem Rentensystem und seinen Alternativen ?
Albrecht Müller : Das Umlageverfahren müsste man erfinden , wenn wir es nicht schon über 100 Jahre hätten .
Denn es arbeitet preiswert und sicher .
Nach meinen Erkundigungen werden gerade mal 4 % der Einnahmen , also der Beiträge für die Verwaltung aufgewandt .
Norbert Blüm spricht von 1,5 % .
In jedem Fall verursacht das Einnehmen der Beiträge und das Auszahlen der Renten um vieles weniger Kosten als die privaten Vorsorgesysteme .
Verwaltung und Vertrieb der Riester - Rente nehmen etwa 10 % in Anspruch ; das chilenische Modell der Privatvorsorge , das ich in meinem Buch erwähne , weil es eine Art Vorreiterrolle für die Kommerzialisierung der Altersvorsorge spielte , verbraucht 18 % der eingenommenen Versicherungsprämien , andere Systeme 25 % , in Großbritannien bis zu 40 % .
Diese Kosten fallen an für den Betrieb , für Vertrieb , für Werbung , für Kapitalanlage und Spekulation , für Provisionen und Beratungshonorare und dann auch noch für den Gewinn der Lebensversicherungsunternehmen .
Diese Kosten müssen erst einmal verdient werden .
Da muss die Rendite schon sehr hoch sein .
Das ist sie aber nicht .
Manche der Versicherer spekulieren auf den Aktienmärkten , um auf bessere Renditen zu kommen .
Viele haben dabei viel verloren .
Das ist der zweite Aspekt : Das Risiko der privaten Vorsorge ist um vieles höher als beim Umlageverfahren .
Und dennoch wird die Zerstörung des Vertrauens in die gesetzliche Rente und das Umlageverfahren bei uns massiv weiter betrieben - ohne Rücksicht darauf , was das für die Masse der Menschen bedeutet .
Diese waren bisher nämlich auf das Funktionieren der gesetzlichen Rente angewiesen .
Wer das Vertrauen zerstört , macht das Funktionieren in Zukunft unmöglich und wird Altersarmut produzieren .
Aber dann sind die Kräfte , die heute die Zerstörung betreiben , nicht mehr im Amt oder es interessiert sie nicht , weil sie von der Politik auf üppig bezahlte Jobs in der Wirtschaft gewechselt sind .
Obwohl also alles für die Erhaltung und Stabilisierung der gesetzlichen Rente spräche , wird der massive Umstieg , beziehungsweise die Ergänzung durch private Vorsorge - wie man verharmlosend sagt - betrieben .
Der Hintergrund ist einfach zu verstehen .
Es geht um viel Geld : wenn es den privaten Lebensversicherern gelingt , nur 10 % des Umsatzes der gesetzlichen Rente , also der eingezahlten Beiträge , auf ihre Mühlen umzulenken , dann erreichen die Versicherungsunternehmen einen Zuwachs von 15 Milliarden pro Jahr .
Bei einem solchen Anstieg lassen sich locker größere Beträge abzweigen : für Werbung - also für Anzeigen , Fernsehspots und Public - Relations Aktionen bei den Medien , für die Einfluss - Arbeit bei Politikern , für Gutachten , Institute und Vortragshonorare für Wissenschaftler .
Das alles ist keine graue Theorie , sondern inzwischen gängige und teilweise schamlose Praxis in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland .
BILD , Allianz und T - Online pro Riesterrente
So arbeitet etwa die Bild - Zeitung mit der Allianz AG und T - Online zu Gunsten ihrer Riester - Rente , der so genannten Volksrente der Allianz , zusammen , nicht nur im erlaubten Bereich der Werbung .
Auch redaktionelle Beiträge der Bild - Zeitung werden auf die Marketing - Strategie des Kooperationspartner Allianz AG abgestimmt .
Monitor hat letzthin diese Absicht , wie sie in einer Schulungsunterlage der Allianz AG für ihre Vertreter formuliert ist , dokumentiert
Hier wird also das publizistische Prinzip , Werbung und redaktionelle Arbeit zu trennen , bewusst und willentlich gebrochen .
Wir alle sind dann Zeugen dieses Bruchs , wenn in der Bildzeitung Schlagzeilen wie „ Schrumpfrente “ auftauchen und in Variationen wiederholt werden .
Wer will , kann auch die Interessenverflechtung von wichtigen Teilen unserer Wissenschaft ohne Schwierigkeiten nachprüfen .
Ich habe in meinem Buch u.a. dokumentiert , wie zum Beispiel der Heidelberger Finanzdienstleister MLP mit den Professoren Raffelhüschen und Rürup wirbt .
Auch die Herren Miegel und Sinn sind als Vortragreisende mit dabei .
Immer wenn ich in den Talkshows erlebe , dass solche Personen als Wissenschaftler vorgestellt werden , muss ich deshalb laut lachen .
Die Versicherungswirtschaft beteiligt sich auch an der Finanzierung von Instituten unserer angeblichen Wissenschaftler .
So gibt es in Mannheim das Institut mea , das von der Versicherungswirtschaft und dem Land Baden - Württemberg finanziert ist .
Im Vorstand sitzen gleich zwei Vertreter des Gesamtverbandes der Deutschen Versicherungswirtschaft GDV .
Den Vorsitz hat der Vorsitzende des angeblich unabhängigen Sachverständigenrates , Bert Rürup .
Das ist ein gutes Beispiel für die Verflechtung .
Strategie der Zerstörung des Vertrauens
Weil ich in früheren Funktionen als Wahlkampfplaner und als Leiter der Planungsabteilung im Bundeskanzleramt immer wieder an der Entwicklung und Formulierung von Strategien der Politik und Öffentlichkeitsarbeit beteiligt war , kann ich mich sehr gut in die Lage jener Personen und Planungsstäbe versetzen , die für die Versicherungswirtschaft und die Banken die Strategie der Störung und Zerstörung des Vertrauens in die gesetzliche Rente und der Werbung für die private Vorsorge formuliert haben .
Ich bewundere sogar ihre Professionalität , nicht ihr Ziel und nicht ihre Methoden .
Aber ihre Professionalität ist Spitze .
Wer meint , es gäbe solche Strategien nicht , den muss ich leider naiv nennen
In meinem neuen Buch habe ich zur Veranschaulichung und zum besseren Verständnis der Leser eine solche Strategie der Finanzwirtschaft formuliert , ich habe mich dazu einfach in die Lage meiner Kolleginnen und Kollegen Strategieplaner der Versicherungswirtschaft und der Banken versetzt .
Man kann davon ausgehen , dass es eine Doppelstrategie gibt : zum einen den Versuch , politische Entscheidungen anzuregen und auf sie einzuwirken zum anderen die Propaganda in allen ihren Facetten .
Die Strategen haben klar erkannt , dass es einiger politischer Entscheidungen bedurfte und bedarf , um die Leistungsfähigkeit der gesetzlichen Rentenversicherung zu mindern und damit das Vertrauen zu zerstören .
Ich zähle einige dieser politischen Entscheidungen auf :
Den Rentenkassen wurden die von Ihnen erwähnten versicherungsfremden Leistungen aufgedrückt .
Man hat in den neunziger Jahren sehr viele Menschen in den Vorruhestand entlassen , einvernehmlich zwischen Wirtschaft und Politik .
Man hat gleichzeitig irrationaler Weise die Beitragsgrenzen fixiert , so als sei die Zahl „ 19,9 “ die von Gott vorgegebene Beitrags - Höchstgrenze .
Dies zusammen hat dazu geführt , dass die Leistungsfähigkeit gesunken ist .
Es gibt vorerst keine Rentenerhöhungen mehr , real sinken sie .
Ebenfalls eine politische
Tat zur Zerstörung des Vertrauens war die kürzlich erfolgte Erhöhung des Renteneintrittsalters auf 67 Jahre .
Rational ist diese Entscheidung nicht zu begreifen .
Bei heute und in absehbarer Zeit über 5 Millionen Arbeitslosen jetzt eine Entscheidung zur treffen , dass ab dem Jahr 2012 stufenweise länger gearbeitet werden soll , ist bar jeder Vernunft .
Dieser Vorgang bekommt nur dann den Anstrich von Vernunft , wenn man mit einbezieht , dass diese jetzt gefällte Entscheidung das Vertrauen in die gesetzliche Rente weiter schwächen soll und damit den privaten Versicherungskonzernen die Hasen in die Küche treibt .
Das ist dann aber keine gesamtgesellschaftliche Vernunft , sondern nur vernünftig aus der Sicht privater Konzerne .
Die Politik macht sich zu ihrem Büttel .
Dafür haben wir unsere Politiker allerdings nicht gewählt .
Es ist interessant , dass sich unsere Politiker auch direkt in die Propaganda der Versicherungswirtschaft haben einspannen lassen .
Sie werben offen und ohne Scham für private Vorsorge .
Die Bundeskanzlerin tut es , der Sozialminister Müntefering und die Gesundheitsministerin Ulla Schmidt tun es. Die erwähnten Wissenschaftler tun es .
Ich erschrecke jedes Mal , wenn ich das höre , von neuem .
Und ich merke : Die Schamlosigkeit hat inzwischen so um sich gegriffen , dass die meisten Menschen schon gar nichts mehr dabei finden , wenn die von ihnen gewählten Politiker und Politikerinnen offen für private Interessen eintreten .
Können
Sie noch andere Reformen aufzählen , an denen sich ähnliche Verlaufsformen feststellen lassen ?
Albrecht Müller : Ich nenne Hartz IV .
Diese Reform hatte aus meiner Sicht in jedem Fall auch das Ziel , das Vertrauen in die Arbeitslosenversicherung zu zerstören .
Das ist umfassend gelungen .
Bisher sind viele Menschen , auch wenn die Arbeitslosenversicherung zeitlich begrenzt war , davon ausgegangen , dass bei einer einigermaßen vernünftigen wirtschaftlichen Entwicklung ihre eingezahlten Beiträge wirklich wie Versicherungsbeiträge wirken und sie für den Fall der Arbeitslosigkeit wenigstens finanziell abgesichert sind und so die Phase der Arbeitslosigkeit ohne sozialen Abstieg durchstehen können .
Mit Hartz IV ist ihnen klargemacht worden - übrigens auch in der Propaganda der Politiker - dass die Arbeitslosenversicherung keine Versicherung ist .
Und schon ist das
Tor auf für ein neues Geschäftsfeld .
Ähnlich wird es bei der Pflegeversicherung laufen , eventuell auch bei der Krankenversicherung .
Als letztes Beispiel in dieser Reihe nenne ich das noch vor der Wahl verabschiedete ÖPP - Gesetz .
Es erleichtert die Privatisierung von öffentlichen – meist kommunalen - Einrichtungen und Unternehmen .
Das ist ein weiteres lukratives Geschäftsfeld für eine Reihe von privaten Personen und Einrichtungen : für Beratungsunternehmen , für Wirtschaftsprüfer , für Rechtsanwälte , für eine Reihe von Spezialisten des Privatisierungsgewerbes .
Hier kommt es offensichtlich nicht auf den Privatisierungserfolg an sondern auf den Privatisierungsvorgang an .
Daran wird verdient .
Ich mache auf diesen Vorgang deshalb aufmerksam , weil wir erleben werden , wie die bisher einigermaßen vernünftige Mischung von privater Wirtschaft einerseits und öffentlichen , meist kommunalen , Unternehmen zur Daseinsvorsorge der Erosion preisgegeben wird .
Nicht weil das Sinn macht .
Es geschieht , weil einzelne Personen , Gruppen und Unternehmen wie private Versorgungsunternehmen und Banken daran kräftig verdienen .
Unter Helmut Kohl wurde seinerzeit z. B. mit der Privatisierung von Rundfunk und Fernsehen eine ideale Plattform installiert , auf der heutzutage die neoliberalen Netzwerke ihre Heilsbotschaften unter das Volk bringen .
Die Regierung Schröder hat dieses neoliberale Credo in einem bisher ungekannten Maß umgesetzt und ist genau dann abgetreten , als sie mit ihrer Politik an die Grenzen ihrer politischen Leistungsfähigkeit gelangt war und eine Diskussion über den tatsächlichen Nutzen der Reformen unausweichlich schien .
Mit Schwarz - Rot wird nun wieder nicht über eine Rückkehr zur Nachfragepolitik nachgedacht , sondern es werden im Gegenteil weitere sozialstaatliche Errungenschaften zur Disposition gestellt .
Albrecht Müller : Ich habe in meinem neuen Buch ausführlich dokumentiert , dass insbesondere im Jahr 2005 eine Bilanz des Scheiterns der Reformen nach der andern erschienen .
Auch Medien , die bis dahin den Reformkurs Schröders unterstützten , mussten zugeben , dass Hartz I bis III und Hartz IV und all die andern Reformen wenig gebracht und viel gekostet haben .
Was viele , auch professionelle Beobachter in Deutschland nicht gesehen haben : Das Neuwahlbegehren von Gerhard Schröder und Franz Müntefering und die Unterstützung dieses seltsamen Begehrens durch Bundespräsident Köhler und das Bundesverfassungsgericht wirkte wie ein Befreiungsschlag für die neoliberale Bewegung .
Ab der Ankündigung von Neuwahlen wurde das Scheitern der Reformen nicht mehr durchschlagend thematisiert .
Statt dessen wurde über die nächste Reform geredet .
Das war eine Gehirnwäsche der Sonderklasse .
Ich spreche auch von Konkursverschleppung .
( Reinhard Jellen )
Hi !
My name is Daniel .
I ’m a multi - format designer with 10 years of experience working in fast - paced tech companies .
In my different roles I ’ve gained experience working across varied design mediums , and over time I ’ve found my passion is to design and build beautiful things , from icons and apps to posters and products .
I 'm not currently looking for new roles , but you can check out some of my work or just get in touch .
Mozart did not come from nowhere .
He was the product of a society that was avid for music on every level , that believed in the possibility of an all - encompassing musical genius .
The society we live in now believes otherwise ; we divide music into subcultures and subgenres , we separate classical music from popular music , we locate genius in the past .
Today , a young man with Mozart 's abilities would very likely labor in obscurity , and perhaps give up in frustration .
As I once wrote , if Mozart were alive today , he'd be dead .
If you really want to celebrate Mozart 's world , Mozart 's culture , Mozart 's life , you would ignore the man himself and listen to music by a living composer .
If you 're not in the habit of doing so , I 'd urge you to pay a little heed to modern composition over the next few days or weeks .
Buy a CD of a contemporary classic ( say , Reich 's Music for 18 Musicians , Ligeti's Lontano , Adams 's Harmonielehre , Pärt 's Tabula Rasa , Gubaidulina 's Offertorium , or , for the radical - minded , Alvin Lucier 's I Am Sitting in a Room or Lachenmann 's Schwankungen am Rand ) .
Better , get out of the technobubble and patronize a live concert : Juilliard 's Focus !
or the Golijov festival here in New York , the LAPhil 's upcoming Minimalist Jukebox , a Berkeley Symphony premiere , a Boston Modern Orchestra Project concert , etc. Celebrate Mozart another time , when he 's not being rammed down your throat .
And , oh yeah , happy birthday , Wolfie .
You do n't look a day over 175 .
— Alex Ross
I keep telling to my users to choose strong , easy to remember passwords , and to never , ever write them down .
Why am I saying this ?
Because today , while reading Watchguard Wire , I stumbled on an article pointing to a guy that has a different point of view on all that " keep your password secure business " .
And I hate to admit it , but he does score some points with his arguments .
Only a few though .
You 've got thousands of dollars worth of stuff in your pockets , or your purse .
Seriously .
You 're carrying keys to your eight - year - old Honda , which is worth about $ 5,000 .
Your credit cards could bring in thousands of dollars for a crook .
You 're carrying the keys to the house where your family sleeps .
It 's hard to put a price on that .
Do any of your passwords really need more security than your pocket provides ?
( Source : The Security Mentor )
The points that Frederick expresses in his post are mostly right .
Writing a strong password on a piece of paper and sticking it in your wallet is a good way of keeping it secure , but I only see one problem with this : Human Nature .
Some people will never forget to put their little piece of paper back in their wallet , but a good proportion of them will constantly leave it on their desk for a few days .
For all to see .
After a while , the ' reminder ' will simply return to under - the - keyboard , where the user used to keep it before having the brilliant idea of putting it inside his wallet .
To my mind , there 's really only one way to truly secure a system : implement a two - factor authentication scheme .
A " factor " of authentication is considered one of these three fundamental " things " :
Something you have ( e.g. a smart card , or a secure ID token )
Something you know ( e.g. , a user ID and a password )
Something you are ( e.g. , a fingerprint , or the tone of a voice )
So there you are .
By combining 2 or more of these ' factors ' , you create an authentication scheme that negates most of the security risks associated with the use of simple , conventional passwords .
So even if someone writes his password down on a piece of paper and this paper falls in the hands of a evil black - hat hacker , the password itself would be of little use to the attacker if he does n't possess one or more of the other authentication factors .
So , what is YOUR position on this ?
To write down or not to write down your password , that is the question .
Newly Forming Solar System Has Planets Running Backwards
Image to right :
Top view - A huge star - forming region is rotating globally in the direction shown by the white arrow .
This large region can give birth to multiple stellar systems .
Middle view - A detailed view inside the large star - forming region shows three protostars forming as the region collapses .
The collapse process is chaotic and can cause eddies , allowing newly - forming stars to rotate in different directions and at different speeds , as shown by the arrows .
Bottom view -
One protostellar cloud collapses further into a disk - like structure that rotates counter - clockwise ( white arrows ) about the newly - formed protostar .
In addition , the protostar siphons off material from a second , passing protostellar cloud rotating in the opposite direction .
Because of this , the outer part of the disk rotates clockwise ( yellow arrows ) .
Eventually , planets will form from the material in this disk , with the outer planets orbiting the star in the opposite direction from the inner planets .
Click on image to enlarge .
Credit : Bill Saxton , NRAO / AUI / NSF
Call it the biggest beltway ever seen .
Astronomers have discovered a newly forming solar system with the inner part orbiting in one direction and the outer part orbiting the other way .
Our solar system is a one - way boulevard .
All the planets --- from Mercury out to Pluto and even the newly discovered objects beyond --- revolve around the Sun in the same direction .
This is because the Sun and planets formed from the same massive , rotating cloud of dust and gas .
The motion of that cloud set the motion of the planets .
The fact that a solar system can have planets running in opposite directions is a shocker .
" This is the first time anyone has seen anything like this , and it means that the process of forming planets from such disks is more complex than we previously expected , " said Anthony Remijan of the National Radio Astronomy Observatory .
Remijan and his colleague Jan Hollis of NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. , used the National Science Foundation 's Very Large Array radio telescope to make the discovery .
Call it one of the largest road construction projects , too .
This solar system , about 500 light - years from Earth in the direction of the constellation Ophiuchus , is a work in progress .
At its center is a young star .
No planets have formed yet and likely wo n't for millions of years .
What Remijan and Hollis saw were two flat and dusty disks rotating around the equatorial plane of the central star in opposite directions .
" The solar system that likely will be formed around this star will include planets orbiting in different directions , unlike our own solar system , " Hollis said .
How did this rare scenario come to be ?
" We think this system may have gotten material from two clouds instead of one , and the two were rotating in opposite directions , " Remijan said .
There is sufficient material to form planets from both parts of the disk , he added .
The budding solar system is in a large , star - forming region where chaotic motions and eddies in the gas and dust result in smaller cloudlets that can rotate in different directions .
Remijan and Hollis study star - forming clouds by analyzing radio waves emitted by molecules within the clouds at specific , known frequencies .
The motion of the molecules will cause the frequency to shift to a higher or lower frequency , depending on the direction of the motion .
This is called a Doppler shift .
Actually , it is the same technology that police officers use to nab speeders on a beltway .
The VLA observations of the " beltway " solar system revealed the motion of silicon monoxide ( SiO ) molecules .
These emit radio waves at about 43 GigaHertz ( GHz ) .
When Remijan and Hollis compared new VLA measurements of the motion of SiO molecules close to the young star with earlier measurements of other molecules farther away from the protostar , they realized the two were orbiting the star in opposite directions .
This is the first time such a phenomenon has been seen in a disk around a young star .
Yet who 's to say the arrangement is uncommon ?
As astronomers find more and more extra-solar planets ( over a hundred so far and counting ) , they are realizing that solar systems come in many shapes and sizes .
A paper describing this result will appear in the April 1 edition of the Astrophysical Journal .
The VLA comprises 27 radio antennas spread out across 36 kilometers in a Y formation outside of Socorro , N.M.
This is the site featured in the movie Contact .
The National Radio Astronomy Observatory operates the facility .
Debunking the myth of the underprivileged soldier By Tim Kane and James Jay Carafano
They all volunteered .
The U.S. soldiers pitching in with hurricane relief along the Gulf Coast and those fighting and dying in Iraq , Afghanistan and elsewhere decided , on their own , to serve their nation .
Or was the decision made so freely ?
Could it be that unscrupulous Pentagon recruiters duped them , taking advantage of their poverty , their lack of education and the bleak futures they share as members of the USA 's urban underclass ?
That 's the view of some critics , such as New York Times columnist Bob Herbert , who writes that " very few " of the soldiers fighting in Iraq " are coming from the privileged economic classes , " and that there would likely be no war if rich kids had to fight .
According to Rep. Charles Rangel , D - N.Y. , social equality demands reinstatement of the draft , which he justifies by asserting that " the most privileged Americans are underrepresented or absent . "
Herbert concludes that there is " something very , very wrong with this picture . "
What 's " very , very wrong " with the Rangel - Herbert picture is that it has no factual basis .
According to a comprehensive study of all enlistees for the years 1998 - 99 and 2003 that The Heritage Foundation just released , the typical recruit in the all - volunteer force is wealthier , more educated and more rural than the average 18 - to 24 - year - old citizen is .
Indeed , for every two recruits coming from the poorest neighborhoods , there are three recruits coming from the richest neighborhoods .
Yes , rural areas and the South produced more soldiers than their percentage of the population would suggest in 2003 .
Indeed , four rural states — Montana , Alaska , Wyoming and Maine — rank 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 in proportion of their 18 - 24 populations enlisted in the military .
But this is n't news .
Enlistees have always come from rural areas .
Yet a new study , reported in The Washington Post earlier this month , suggests that higher enlistment rates in rural counties are new , implying a poorer military .
They err by drawing conclusions from a non-random sample of a few counties , a statistically cloaked anecdote .
The only accurate way to assess military demographics is to consider all recruits .
If , for example , we consider the education of every recruit , 98 % joined with high - school diplomas or better .
By comparison , 75 % of the general population meets that standard .
Among all three - digit ZIP code areas in the USA in 2003 ( one can study larger areas by isolating just the first three digits of ZIP codes ) , not one had a higher graduation rate among civilians than among its recruits .
In fact , since the 9/11 attacks , more volunteers have emerged from the middle and upper classes and fewer from the lowest - income groups .
In 1999 , both the highest fifth of the nation in income and the lowest fifth were slightly underrepresented among military volunteers .
Since 2001 , enlistments have increased in the top two - fifths of income levels but have decreased among the lowest fifth .
Allegations that recruiters are disproportionately targeting blacks also do n't hold water .
First , whites make up 77.4 % of the nation 's population and 75.8 % of its military volunteers , according to our analysis of Department of Defense data .
Second , we explored the 100 three - digit ZIP code areas with the highest concentration of blacks , which range from 24.1 % black up to 68.6 % .
These areas , which account for 14.6 % of the adult population , produced 16.6 % of recruits in 1999 and only 14.1 % in 2003 .
Maintaining the strength and size of our all - volunteer military is n't always easy .
But Americans step up when their country needs them .
To suggest the system is failing or exploiting citizens is wrong .
And to make claims about the nature of U.S. troops to discredit their mission ought to be politically out of bounds .
Tim Kane is an Air Force veteran , and James Jay Carafano is an Army veteran .
Both are research fellows at The Heritage Foundation .
Steve Jobs ’ career at Apple was unique .
His unconventional leadership helped create Apple ’s two most important products of the 70s and 80s : the Apple II and the Macintosh .
Unfortunately for Jobs , the CEO he had recruited , John Sculley , was not happy with the risks Jobs was willing to take .
After a short power struggle that left Sculley in control of Apple , Jobs left the company in 1985 .
After puttering around for several months , Jobs decided that he would return to the computer industry .
He invested $ 7 million to create a brand new company , NeXT Inc .
Unsatisfied with the software available at the time , Jobs set about building a team of software developers to create a new programming environment that would run on top of another operating system .
The environment would be object oriented , which to an end user means that programs could share information and features .
Jobs also hoped to integrate many of the features that were only available on high - end workstations and Macs , including a WYSIWYG interface , an intuitive user interface , and a fully multitasking operating system ( which the Mac did not yet have ) .
Reluctant to release a brand new operating system and computer , NeXT searched for a host operating system for their environment .
The company considered SunOS and several other Unix derivatives but was unable to find a platform where all of the features Jobs wanted could be implemented easily .
Jobs went to several Macintosh developers and sold them on the idea .
Because of Apple ’s copyright policies , several unreleased programs that had been developed at Apple were owned by developers , who now worked at NeXT .
As a result , the first commercial product that NeXT released was WriteNow , which was developed in tandem with MacWrite ( it was meant as a fail - safe in case MacWrite did n’t pull through ) .
WriteNow generated some needed revenues for the company and also attracted new investors .
In early 1986 , Ross Perot became the second largest shareholder in the company .
NeXTstep
Still focused on development of the new operating system and computer , Jobs recruited Avie Tevanian , a major developer of the Mach microkernel , to help create the new NeXT operating system , later dubbed NeXTstep .
( Mach was originally developed at Carnegie Mellon and was meant to be a proof of the microkernel concept . )
Instead of incorporating many features into one large kernel , microkernel operating systems contained only enough code in the kernel to act as a basic interface between the software and core hardware .
Everything else was handled by other programs , called servers .
Each server sent data to other servers through the microkernel .
Carnegie Mellon managed to port BSD ( a version of Unix developed at UC Berkeley in conjunction with Bell Labs in the 1970s ) to Mach , where each part of the system functioned as a server .
This structure lent itself well to an object oriented operating system , and Jobs was enthusiastic about the proposition .
Hardware
The hardware that the new software ran on would be almost as important as the software itself .
A slow , unresponsive computer would reflect poorly on the software .
As a result , the hardware engineers were eager to adopt a high performance CPU .
At the time , several new RISC designs were being introduced , including the ARM , MIPS , and SPARC .
Hesitant to adopt one of the more established ( and very expensive ) processors , NeXT wanted to adopt Motorola ’s RISC chip , the 88000 .
Unfortunately , the 88000 would not be available for several years , and its biggest customers were moving to new chips ( Apple had intended to use the 88000 in its Jaguar system , right ) .
Instead , NeXT adopted the 68030 processor , the same CPU that was used in the Macintosh and early Sun workstations .
At this time , NeXT ’s efforts attracted Apple ’s attention .
Because so many NeXT developers were from the Macintosh team , Apple accused NeXT of stealing Apple ’s intellectual property .
Apple sued , and in an out - of - court settlement , NeXT was barred from competing with the Macintosh .
As a result , NeXT was relegated to the high - end market not populated by Macs .
NeXT was also allowed to continue marketing any unreleased software that the former Macintosh developers had created at Apple .
Objective - C and Display PostScript
Work on NeXTstep pressed on through 1986 and 1987 .
It was relatively easy for the developers to port Mach and BSD to the new hardware platform , but it proved more difficult for the group to create the new servers that would differentiate NeXTstep from its competition .
Objective - C and Display PostScript were the two most ambitious project .
In order to have an object oriented operating system , an object oriented programming language was required .
C++ was not available at the time , so NeXT decided to use Objective - C. Developed in the early eighties by Brad Cox at Stepstone , Objective - C was one of the most respected object oriented programming languages available at the time .
Unlike “ object oriented enabled ” versions of languages like Ada or BASIC , Objective - C had a very low overhead .
It also had a syntax similar to C , making it easier for most programmers to learn and use .
Not satisfied with the Mac ’s method of using QuickDraw for the display and PostScript for printing , Jobs wanted what the user saw on the display to exactly mimic the printed page .
Traditional methods of rendering the graphics were not suitable , so Jobs approached Adobe about bringing PostScript to the desktop .
Adobe was interested .
NeXT began the arduous task of porting PostScript to NeXTstep and actually creating Display PostScript .
The NeXTstep Interface
By 1987 , all of the major components of the operating system were finished or almost finished .
The user interface was still in its infancy , but it was progressing well .
Instead of using a strict desktop metaphor ( like the Macintosh ) to manipulate files and programs , NeXTstep used a looser interpretation .
The most defining feature of the NeXTstep interface was its dock , where frequently used programs or filed programs could be linked and where applets could dock .
There was no desktop in NeXTstep ; users would access their file system through an icon in the dock .
Because of the use of Display PostScript , the graphics were all very crisp , which made the interface look very good .
At the same time that the software was being developed , the hardware was being created .
Centered around a 68030 processor , the NeXT workstation ’s most unique features were its enclosure and its inclusion of a magneto - optical disk drive .
Hard drives were very expensive at the time , and the NeXTstep operating system was very large , requiring around 200 MB .
A hard drive of that capacity would cost thousands of dollars , so the hardware engineers decided to adopt the up - and - coming magneto - optical ( MO ) format .
Slower than an ordinary hard drive , a magneto - optical disc was also substantially faster than floppy disks .
NeXT was the first company to incorporate aan MO drive in a production computer .
Designed by frog ( the same company that had designed the Apple IIc and the Mac II series ) , the new computer ’s case was unique .
Eschewing a standard desktop case , NeXT used a 12 ″ magnesium cube .
A completely automated factory was constructed to produce the computer ( named the NeXTcube ) , and the first Cube was shown to a packed audience in New York city in October 1988 .
Using a beta version of NeXTstep ( version 0.9 ) , NeXT began shipping Cubes in limited numbers to universities and publishers in 1989 .
Most of the reviews and articles written about the computer focused on the hardware , not the software .
Because of the choice to use a magneto - optical drive , performance was very sluggish in comparison to hard drive - based computer , but reviewers usually blamed it on the software .
( Imagine running your computer from a CD - ROM to get some idea of the performance hit . )
Each NeXTcube was bundled with a 17 ″ megapixel grayscale display ( 1120 x 832 pixels with four shades of gray ) , a 400 dpi laser printer ( which was dramatically less expensive than comparable printers , since the computer included a PostScript interpreter ) , and built in ethernet networking .
NeXT bundled lots of software on the magneto - optical disc , including the complete works of Shakespeare , an email client , and the complete Oxford English Dictionary .
Jobs said of the new computer , “ This will either be the last machine to make it or the first to fail . ”
A 25 MHz 68040 - based NeXTcube was officially launched in September 1990 , and it was met with brisk sales to universities and government agencies .
Sensing that the opportunity to introduce a brand new hardware platform was fast fading as IBM clones proliferated in the corporate world , Jobs decided to give heavy discounts to universities and research institutions , hoping that students would become hooked on the machines and encourage their future employers to use them .
The strategy was somewhat effective , as several major universities adopted the Cube for their computer science programs .
In 1990 and 1991 , NeXT promoted its operating system heavily , writing articles for many computer periodicals including Dr. Dobbs .
The most common exercise they would contribute was several pages of code in C++ simplified down to several lines of Objective - C .
This way , the company was able to attract attention to its software rather than its rather sluggish computers .
New Hardware
In early 1991 , NeXT abandoned the magneto - optical drive in the Cube and created a brand new ( slimmer ) workstation built around a hard drive , the NeXTstation .
Another complaint about the Cube was how difficult it was to exchange information between two Cubes – it was impossible without a network , because the machines had only one drive , and that held the operating system and thus could not be removed while the computer was in use .
To address this , the NeXTstation included a floppy drive .
All of this was housed in another frog - designed case that resembled a pizza box ( a little larger than a Centris 610 ) .
The NeXTstation also came bundled with a brand new version of NeXTstep that supported color and more networking protocols .
At the same time , NeXT released an upgrade for Cube users that allowed them to use a color display and a hard drive .
NeXTstep Becomes OpenStep
The new hardware was much more successful than the earlier Cubes , but it still did not sell very well .
In 1993 , NeXT began a major effort to port NeXTstep to several different platforms , including MIPSD , PA - RISC , SPARC , and x86 .
This marked the end of NeXT ’s hardware line .
This announcement drew the attention of Sun , which was eager to beat Microsoft to market with an object oriented environment .
( Microsoft had announced that its Cairo operating system , a version of Windows that never made it to market , would be released in 1996 . )
Sun and NeXT made an agreement to port the NeXTstep environment ( not the entire operating system ) to Sun ’s Solaris .
It was relatively easy , as all NeXT had to do was remove Mach and rewrite several of the low level servers to interface properly with Solaris .
The new product would be called OpenStep .
After it became clear that Cairo was only vaporware , Sun lost interest in OpenStep for Solaris and focused its efforts on readying Java for release .
OpenStep on Windows was very popular , though .
It was adopted by many financial institutions .
NeXT also released WebObjects , a specialized database system for the Internet .
The product was adopted by many different companies , including Dell .
Full Circle
Despite a spate of relatively successful products , NeXT was not doing well .
Ross Perot had sold his share of the company , and Jobs spent very little time there .
Many journalists believed that NeXT would quickly run out of cash and close quietly .
At the same time , Apple was going through its largest losses ever .
Apple management decided that the best way to rejuvenate their platform would to release a brand new operating system that could compete head - to - head with the forthcoming consumer version of Windows NT .
Most analysts expected Apple to acquire or license BeOS from Gassée ’s Be Inc. and quickly release an Apple branded version ( BeOS was already available for Power Macs and had a Mac - like interface ) .
Be apparently demanded too much money , so Apple decided to look elsewhere .
After considering several alternatives , including Solaris and Windows NT , Apple decided to acquire NeXT and base the next generation Mac OS on OpenStep .
Apple acquired NeXT in December 1997 , and Steve Jobs returned to Apple after a dozen years away .
Also see The NeXT Years : Steve Jobs before His Triumphant Return to Apple .
Further Reading
Bibliography
Some of the sources used in writing this article :
Keywords : #nextstep
Short link : http://goo.gl/v1HBgc
searchword : fullcircle
Like this : Like Loading ...
What if you took someone with Britney Spears 's unfailingly wrong instincts about her image , tossed in a dollop of Meryl Streep 's talent and gave her flowing red hair that morphed on a moment 's notice to deepest black or fairest blond ?
You 'd end up with a pretty good facsimile of Lindsay Lohan , whose tabloid - ready partying and shining on - screen talent seem headed for a collision , a crash bigger than the one last year that damaged the Mercedes she was driving ( and that , she said , was caused by paparazzi ) .
At 19 , she is at a turning point in her career .
" Just My Luck , " in which she plays a golden girl whose good fortune turns black , opens on Friday ; it is the last of her teenage comedies .
Soon she will be seen with Ms. Streep in Robert Altman 's ensemble film " A Prairie Home Companion " ( set to open June 9 ) , and her next projects also shout serious actress .
She has completed the independent films " Bobby , " about Robert Kennedy 's assassination , and " Chapter 27 , " about John Lennon 's killer , Mark David Chapman .
Then she moves off the assassination beat with three more films , pairing her with Aaron Eckhart , Jane Fonda and Adrien Brody .
Yet when she was host of " Saturday Night Live " last month , a skit tweaked her reputation for all - night drinking at the hottest clubs and feuding with other starlets , as she lectured the drunken Easter Bunny for his wild partying .
Her image could n't be ignored .
Shaalan took his post after the June 2004 handover of power
The money was allegedly taken from the defence ministry coffers to fund corrupt military procurement deals .
Suspects from the former administration include Defence Minister Hazem Shaalan , who has denied the allegations .
Sub - standard equipment was purchased that seriously impaired the fight against insurgents , it is reported .
Warrants have also been issued against the former labour , transportation , electricity and housing ministers .
Massive fraud
Ali al - Lami of Iraq 's Integrity Commission said the authorities were working with international police to seek the arrest those suspects , including Mr Shaalan , who are believed to be abroad .
" If they are outside Iraq it should be Interpol who brings them back , " he said .
On Monday , reports say parliament met in an attempt to strip Mr Shaalan , who is still an MP , of his immunity from prosecution , but it did not have a quorum .
The government of interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi took office in June 2004 when the US - led coalition handed over sovereignty 14 months after invading Iraq .
" It is nearly 100 % of the ministry 's procurement budget that has gone [ missing ] , " Finance Minister Ali Allawi was quoted saying in the Independent newspaper last month .
The money was reported to have been siphoned abroad in cash and used to buy overpriced outdated equipment in a money laundering scam .
Captain Crunch Michael Arrington 's TechCrunch empire turned one last week .
It still sucks .
But that really does n't matter .
In case you do n't know , TechCrunch is a site which reviews new Web 2.0 offerings .
Like all things geeky , the web has embraced the site making it one of the most popular in the blogosphere .
Let 's forget about the fact that the one doing the reviewing thought Edgeio was a good idea .
Let 's forget about the fact that Mike 's reviews are sometimes wrong .
Let 's look at something else .
Let 's examine how you can build a site just as influential .
I read Steve Rubel 's advice on creating another Techcrunch :
a ) identify a high interest topic online that currently does not have a blog tracking it , b ) write about it very actively and do it well and c ) do n't be afraid to promote it .
True but kind of weak .
TechCrunch 's success has nothing to do with Captain Crunch Arrington .
It has everything to do with tech people .
If you are writing exclusively about my industry , I will probably read it .
If you are writing about me , I will definitely read it .
I do n't care how horrible your writing is , or how wrong headed your opinions are , you can get people reading your stuff if you are writing about them .
If you want to build the next TechCrunch of your industry , here is what you really need to do .
Pick a topic ( It does not matter how crowded the market is )
Let 's use as an example something as mundane as Brick Manufacturing .
Set yourself a few alerts for news about every brick manufacture .
Grab every PR release .
And start blogging .( write about it actively and do it well ( they wo n't really care )
But here 's the key .
You 're not writing about bricks .
You are hardly writing about the brick industry .
You write about the people .
The presidents and vice presidents .
The sales people .
The drivers .
Make them stars .
The problems and controversies in brick .
Make it important .
Promote the hell out of it to brick people .
They are not hiding .
In 90 days you will probably be one of the most influential people in the United States brick industry .
Really .
And then you can put out a Japanese version .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Aggregate rating – Count :
No idea what this is
P=dQ/dt=KQ(1-Q/URR )
dP/dt=(dP/dQ )( dQ/dt ) =( dP/dQ ) P=K(1-2Q/URR )
P
( dP/dt ) / P=K(1-2Q/URR )
Fig .
1 - Standard Hubbert linearization ( top ) and resulting logistic curve ( bottom ) .
The peak date is determined by matching cumulative productions for the last year .
( data from BP 2006 , all liquids excluding refining gains ) .
Click To Enlarge .
Fig .
2 - Hubbert linearization on the production annual increase ( top ) and resulting logistic curve ( bottom ) .
The peak date is determined by matching cumulative productions for the last year .
( data from BP 2006 , all liquids excluding refining gains ) .
Click To Enlarge .
Fig .
3 - Standard Hubbert linearization ( top ) and resulting logistic curve ( bottom ) for the US .
The peak date is determined by matching cumulative productions for the last year .
( data from the EIA , crude oil only ) .
Click To Enlarge .
Fig .
4 - Hubbert linearization on the production annual increase ( top ) and resulting logistic curve ( bottom ) for the US .
The peak date is determined by matching cumulative productions for the last year .
( data from the EIA , crude oil only ) .
Click To Enlarge .
this approach is much more sensitive to noise because of the use of the production first derivative and seems to give more reliable estimates for the URR than for K. the data representation is more symmetric compare to the standard HL approach which is very sensitive to noise for low cumulative production values ( therefore , early production data points are generally excluded ) .
the two HL techniques could be combined .
Fig .
5 - Hybrid Hubbert linearization combining the production annual increase ( blue points ) and the standard P/Q representation ( black points ) , the resulting logistic curve ( bottom ) for the US .
The peak date is determined by matching cumulative productions for the last year .
( data from the EIA , crude oil only ) .
Click To Enlarge .
The logistic differential equation relates the productionto the cumulative productionas following : This equation is the basis for the standard Hubbert Linearization ( HL ) technique as explained by Stuart here .
Let 's differentiateWe get the following new equation for the production relative annual increase :
Therefore , for a logistic curve , the relative annual production increase is a linear function of the cumulative production .
The logistic parameter ( and ) can be estimated by a simple linear fit using the annual production increase versus cumulative production representation ( see Fig. 2 below ) .
The new HL line crosses zero at half thevalue .
There are different ways to numerically estimate the first derivative , for instance we can useor .
The second approach is probably more accurate because less sensitive to noise and it is not shifted as the first one .
We can compared the results of the standard HL and the second HL techniques on the Norway production ( Fig. 1 and Fig. 2 ) and the US production ( Fig. 3 and Fig. 4 ) .
A few comments :
After some thinking , I came up with a simple way to combine the two linearizations : if you look at the original HL equation and the proposed second HL , they only differ by a factor 2 on the slopes , their intercept with the y - axis being the same and equal to K .
Therefore , the two representations could be mixed together by multiplying the cumulative production by a factor two in the second representation ( shown as blue dots on Fig. 5 ) .
Other stories on TOD about the Hubbert Linearization here .
The Datasets used in this post can be found here
I do recommend visiting a right - wing blog (s ) once in a while its makes for an interesting study in cognitive dissonance .
Their ability to deny reality after looking it in the face is quit a psychological feat .
Conservative blog The Strata - Sphere , The Incoherent NY Times , Posted by AJStrata on Tuesday , September 12th , 2006 at 8:03 am .
The NY Times is one of the most incoherent news organizations I have seen .
After exposing the NSA Terrorist Surveillance Program ( which is nothing new per the Church Committee Report from 1978 ) and the SWIFT terrorist financial tracking program , and after all sorts of reports and editorials claiming Bush is hyping the war , that since we have not had an attack we should pull out of the ME , that Bush is war mongering , the NY Times leads with this line :
Nowhere , and I mean nowhere in the NYT editoiral does it say that the U.S. should completely withdraw from the middle - east .
What did the NYT call for ,
Fending off the chaos that would almost certainly come with civil war would be a reason to stay the course , although it does not inspire the full - throated rhetoric about freedom that Mr. Bush offered last night .
But the nation needs to hear a workable plan to stabilize a fractured , disintegrating country and end the violence .
If such a strategy exists , it seems unlikely that Mr. Bush could see it through the filter of his fantasies .
It sounds like someone being very rational and coherent ( and in step with the thoughts of the majority of Americans ) , the exact opposite of what AJ would have the readers of his blog believe .
AJ throws in this non-sequitor ,
The NY Times is claiming everyone knows there is the threat of a new attack ?
So they exposed our anti-terrorism defenses on the word of partisan hacks anyway ?
This requires some translation .
An employee of the NSA informed the NYT that Bush had ordered domestic warrantless spying on American citizens in violation of FISA law .
In the unhinged world of Strata this is exactly the same thing as exposing our anti-terrorism defenses .
AJ provides no proof , no links , no names , no dates , but insists that the NYT piece on Bush ’s illegal domestic spying has gotten people killed ,
Well , actually he does have to remind people , especially those in the advanced stages of BDS like the NY Times that their actions have serious and life ending consequences .
( emphasis mine )
Where was AJ in his hunt for the truth when the New York Times was selling Bush ’s rationales for invading Iraq like a color insert in the Sunday advertising section , New York Times Rewrites Iraq War History
“ Intelligence gathered by this and other governments leaves no doubt that the Iraq regime continues to possess and conceal some of the most lethal weapons ever devised , ” Bush said in a March 17 , 2003 address to the nation .
The New York Times ’ editorial page unskeptically accepted these claims and incorporated them into the paper ’s own arguments .
In a September 18 , 2002 editorial , the paper declared :
What really counts in this conflict …is the destruction of Iraq ’s unconventional weapons and the dismantling of its program to develop nuclear arms … .
What makes Iraq the subject of intense concern , as Mr. Bush noted , is Mr. Hussein ’s defiance of the Security Council ’s longstanding instructions to dismantle Baghdad ’s nuclear weapons program and to eliminate all its biological and chemical weapons and the materials used to make them .
After the U.N. Security Council passed a resolution on inspectors returning to Iraq , the Times editorialized ( 11/9/02 ) :
The unwavering goal is to disarm Iraq , enforcing a string of previous Security Council resolutions that Baghdad has contemptuously ignored .
The cost of letting that happen has been diminished authority for the United Nations and a growing danger that Iraq ’s unconventional weapons will be used in war or passed on to terrorists .
Mr. Bush has galvanized the Security Council to declare that its orders must now be obeyed and those dangers eliminated .
When the inspectors returned , the paper stated ( 12/6/02 ) , “ Iraq has to get rid of its biological and chemical arms and missiles and the means to make them , and abandon its efforts to develop nuclear weapons . ”
When the inspectors failed to find any evidence of banned weapons , the Times insisted ( 2/15/03 ) : “ The Security Council does n’t need to sit through more months of inconclusive reports .
It needs full and immediate Iraqi disarmament .
It needs to say so , backed by the threat of military force . ”
Looking back at the record of the NYT and its role as cheerleader for the Bush administration and every single talking point one has to wonder how far conservatives had their hands up the NYT ’s collective ass .
After nearly eight years of dogged pursuit of any flimsy story they could exploit to destroy President Clinton , the NYT is tied with the lackluster CBS as the favorite straw man liberal media to beat up on .
What is the Right ’s real problem with the NYT ; they ’re not 100 % anti-democrat 100 % of the time .
Its very similar to the whole business with Christianity and religion .
The Democratic party is filled with lay Christians , ministers , priests , and rabbis , but they will never be “ CHRISTIAN ” or religious enough in the way the the far right interprets Christianity or Judaism .
Let ’s look at this story about NYT and the Dole campaign , Election Coverage Narrowed Clinton ’s Lead - and Helped the GOP Keep Congress
Why do you need media critics when you ’ve got Bob Dole ?
In the final weeks of the campaign , as Dole groped for some theme that would prevent him from being buried under a Clinton landslide , the Republican candidate hit on his party ’s favorite imaginary enemy : the “ liberal ” media .
At campaign stop after campaign stop , Dole blamed his dismal poll numbers on the failure of the liberal media to tell the truth about the president ’s character :
In particular , he accused the New York Times of covering up allegations that Democratic National Committee fundraiser John Huang had unethically or illegally raised money from Indonesians and other Asian nationals .
“ They do n’t put any anti-Clinton stories in the New York Times , ” Dole complained after outlining his fundraising charges ( New York Times , 10/31/96 ) , “ only anti-Dole stories in the New York Times . ”
The only problem is that the press in general and the New York Times in particular have devoted vast amounts of space to the “ Indogate ” allegations .
Far from burying the story , the Times did all it could to push it , assigning Jeff Gerth and Steven Labaton to cover it , two zealous reporters whose coverage of Whitewater , columnist Gene Lyons argued in his book Fools for Scandal , amounted to a vendetta against the president .
In the 14 days before Dole began making his complaints , the New York Times ran 11 news stories focused on the fundraising charges , three of them on the front page .
They also ran two editorials criticizing the contributions ; the pundit who did perhaps more than any other to push the story was William Safire , who is based on the Times ’ op - ed page .
Race and Casablanca
The Huang story was ostensibly about illegal contributions raised from foreigners and then returned .
But what seemed to drive the outrage over the story were two points : that Clinton was accepting contributions from people or corporations who hoped to influence U.S. government policy .
And that these people and corporations were Asian .
The first part is indeed a big story , perhaps the biggest in U.S. politics .
It ’s also in the Casablanca category : Pundits were shocked , shocked to find out that donations of money might be influencing a politician .
The fact is that business gave hundreds of millions of dollars to parties and candidates in the last election cycle - all of it self - interested .
To give the impression that the party mainly implicated in this corrupt system is the Democrats - who got a little more than half what the Republicans received from business in this election cycle - is disingenuous in the extreme .
The story illustrates two points really well .
One is that as long as any particular coverage run by NYT is anti-democrat you do n’t hear a word from the fringe right about the ethics of fairness in reporting regardless of politics , and two that while the story should have been covered it was done so from an obvious slant that let Dole and conservatives get away with being two faced hypocrites .
Well there is a third item , the item that Strata points to is an editorial , an opinion which by definition subjective .
The slanted stories about President Clinton were printed under as straight news , when in fact they were taking an editorial stand that leaned strongly Republican .
So for the AJ’s of the right - wing blogosphere the NYT should turn a blind eye to the failures and corruptions of conservatives both in their news reportage and their editorials .
That being his wish and the wish of your average member of the Cult of Bush , just say so .
Just honestly admit that their problem with the NYT and the press in general is that they think conservatives should never be held accountable .
That conservatives should be held to an elite standard , untouchable by the mere common citizenry .
Name a totalitarian movement that has not had the exact same attitude toward the press .
If only conservatives could decide which stories were covered , what the content of editorials contained and how they were covered , then and only then would they be happy .
Pea Brains From the Same Pod
TEHRAN , Iran ( AP ) - Iran ’s hard - line President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad called Tuesday for a purge of liberal and secular teachers from the country ’s universities …
PHOENIX ( AP ) – Conservative state lawmakers are targeting what they see as left - leaning university professors , pushing a series of bills in recent and upcoming sessions designed to ensure that students are not unduly influenced by professors ’ beliefs .
Conservatives are obviously intellectually corrupt , but that is n’t enough they insist on pushing the envelop on material corruption too , BUSH FUNDRAISER
Noe gets 27 months in federal prison for illegal contributions
“ He has risen in the past to positions of respect and power and he violated the trust of those who placed him in those positions , ” Judge Katz said during sentencing .
Most of the conservative movement has violated the trust of the American people and seem not only unashamed , but keep insisting it is their right to do so .
“ There must be something else , ” said the perplexed gentleman .
“ There is something more , if I could find a name for it .
God bless me , the man seems hardly human !
Something troglodytic , shall we say ?
or can it be the old story of Dr. Fell ?
or
Is it the mere radiance of a foul soul that thus transpires through , and transfigures , its clay continent ?
The last , I think ; for , O my poor old Harry Jekyll , if ever I read Satan ’s signature upon a face , it Is on that of your new friend . ”
from The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde by Robert Louis Stevenson
Mark Russinovich with the CD that kicked off the row
The offers are part of a proposed settlement of lawsuits against Sony BMG over the use of software aimed at thwarting illegal copying of CDs .
The programs used left consumers open to attack from viruses that hijacked the music maker 's software .
The proposed deal also forces Sony to stop using the controversial software .
Legal trouble
The row about the software Sony BMG used to try to stop illegal copying of its CDs blew up in October when programmer Mark Russinovich noticed his PC had been infected by a type of malicious program known as a " rootkit " .
He found that the rootkit came from XCP anti-piracy software on a Sony BMG CD .
It also left his machine open to exploit by malicious programmers and computer virus writers .
He publicised his findings and it soon turned into a PR disaster for the music maker .
Sony eventually recalled all CDs using XCP and offered refunds to consumers .
Other researchers found separately that the MediaMax anti-piracy software used by Sony BMG on other CDs also left consumers '
PCs open to a variety of security problems .
In all , millions of CDs are thought to have been sold that use the controversial programs .
Sony BMG has released a list of the 52 discs that use XCP and the 34 that used MediaMax .
All the affected CDs were only sold in North America .
Consumers will be able to download from the Apple iTunes store
Now a month of negotiation between Sony BMG and lawyers representing all the consumers that filed cases has resulted in the proposed settlement .
The document outlining the deal is due to be approved by a US judge on 6 January , but few expect it to be rejected .
Owners of a CD with the XCP program are being offered a replacement disc free of anti-piracy software , $ 7.50 in cash and a free download of a Sony BMG album from an online music service .
Consumers can forgo the cash and get three album downloads instead .
Those owning CDs that use MediaMax only get downloads rather than cash .
Significantly the deal also includes Apple 's iTunes music store as previously Sony offered little help for consumers that wanted to put copy - protected music in their iPod .
Consumers that bought CDs using early versions of the anti-piracy programs only get replacement discs .
Independent audits
The deal also means Sony BMG must abandon use of the XCP and MediaMax programs and provide tools that help people clean the software from their PCs .
It must also fix any new vulnerabilities the programs are found to create or which are created by any anti-piracy system it adopts in the future .
Sony BMG must also change the way that it tries to protect music on discs and in the future must clearly label and test its anti-piracy systems .
The methods it wants to adopt must also be independently audited .
The music maker offered no comment on the news of the settlement .
The deal does not end all the legal action started by the controversy .
A lawsuit started by Texas attorney general Greg Abbott which charges Sony BMG with violating the state 's spyware and anti-deceptive practices law is still outstanding .
Published online 10 April 2006 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news060410-1
News
Microbial adhesive is three times stronger than superglue .
Cauilobacter crescentus is the strongest sticker in nature .
Credit : Yves Brun
Geckos , mussels and barnacles step aside - physicists have found the stickiest customer in all of biology .
The title - holder is an unassuming bacterium that lives anywhere wet .
By copying its feat of strength , material scientists might create new surgical glues .
So secure is the adhesive made by Caulobacter crescentus that the bacterium can cling to a surface even when subjected to a force equivalent to four cars balanced on a coin .
Caulobacter crescentus is usually the first organism to colonize any watery surface , from boat hulls , to water pipes , to medical catheters .
And it 's notoriously difficult to shift , resisting high - pressure water jets with ease .
But nobody knew just how strong it was , until a team of physicists devised a way to measure the strength of its glue , which is made out of long sugar - based molecules called polysaccharides .
Refusing to budge
The researchers grew individual bacterial cells on the tip of a flexible pipette and used a second pipette to suck the cell from its mooring .
By examining the flexible pipette 's deflection , they gauged the force needed to dislodge the bacterium 's tail - like anchor from the surface .
" It took us several months to get the system working , " recalls team member Jay Tang of Brown University in Providence , Rhode Island .
" It was a pretty tedious task . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Eventually , the researchers worked out that the average C. crescentus requires around 70 newtons per square millimetre to rip it from a surface , a grip about seven times stronger than a gecko's footpad .
Commercial ' super ' glue gives up at about 25 newtons per square millimetre .
Because the bacterial glue works in the wet , it might find a use as a surgical adhesive , says Tang , who reports the results in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences1 .
It could be produced simply by culturing the bacterium , or biochemists could study its precise composition in a bid to make their own version .
Visit our makesnatures_strong.html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
The DARPA Grand Challenge race for autonomous robotic vehicles has been run and won , with five robots completing the 132 mile course and the first four all finishing within minutes of each other .
History will record however , that the winner was Stanford University ’s Volkswagen - based " Stanley " beating out the two Carnegie Mellon Team Red entries by 11 minutes and 21 minutes respectively , with the Gray Team a further 16 minutes behind in fourth place .
Had minor circumstances played out differently , any one of those four teams could have taken the US $ 2 million first prize and a place in history .
Read on for a full report from Gizmag ’s Robotics reporter , Dan Christian with images and assistance from Eric Zbinden .
As the Stanford vehicle crossed the line after 132 miles , the team 's followers cheered and lifted team leader Sebastian Thrun shoulder high .
Thrun is the director of Stanford 's Artificial Intelligence Lab and Associate Professor of Computer Science at Stanford University .
Congratulations to Stanford Artificial Intelligence Lab and to the team , and congratulations too to Carnegie Mellon robotics professor William " Red " Whittaker who put two vehicles in the race and finished with a close second and third place .
The event was a far cry from the results of the first DARPA Challenge , where the best - performed vehicle traveled just 7 miles – all but two of the 23 vehicles that started this event bettered that performance and four completed the course inside the allotted time .
Most importantly , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) sponsorship of the event over the last two years has yielded pure gold – the US $ 2 million prize has catalysed a dramatic acceleration in the development of autonomous ground vehicle technologies and demonstrated conclusively that autonomous robotic vehicles can travel long distances across difficult terrain at militarily relevant rates of speed .
Five robots successfully completed the grueling 131.2 - mile course in the Mojave Desert on Saturday ( the Gray Team finished fourth ) , with the Team Terramax entry completing the course on Sunday , October 9 .
The vehicle that completed the course in the shortest amount of time was “ Stanley , ” entered by Stanford University .
The team wins the $ 2 million prize because it finished the entire course in the shortest elapsed time under 10 hours – six hours , 53 minutes and 58 seconds ( 6:53:58 ) .
Two vehicles entered by Carnegie - Mellon University , Red Team ’s “ Sandstorm ” ( 7:04:50 ) and Red Team Too ’s “ H1ghlander ” ( 7:14:00 ) finished close behind .
The Gray Team ’s “ KAT - 5 ” finished at 7:30:16 .
Oshkosh Truck ’s 8 - ton TerraMax , also finished the course , but on Sunday .
Its official elapsed time exceeded the 10 - hour limit .
The first four finishers entered the history books as being the first ground vehicle robots to travel a great distance at relatively high speed within a specified time frame .
Stanley ’s average speed over the 131.6 - mile desert course was 19.1 mph .
Sandstorm averaged 18.6 mph , H1ghlander 18.2 mph , and KAT - 5 17.5 mph .
“ It ’s incredible what Stanford and the two Carnegie - Mellon teams did today , ” said DARPA Director Dr. Tony Tether .
“ When the Wright Brothers flew their little plane , they proved it could be done , ” Tether continued .
“ And just as aviation ‘ took off ’ after those achievements , so will the very exciting and promising robotics technologies displayed here today . ”
“ We established the Grand Challenge program to help foster the development of autonomous vehicle technology that will some day help save the lives of Americans who are protecting our country on the battlefield , ” said DARPA Grand Challenge Program Manager Ron Kurjanowicz .
“ The outcome of this great public event demonstrates that we have succeeded in our mission . ”
“ These vehicles have n’t just achieved world records , they ’ve made history , ” said Tether .
Pointing out that DARPA ’s mission is to accelerate the development of promising technologies , and then turn them over to others for the development of viable applications , Tether continued , “ We have completed our mission here , and look forward to watching these exciting technologies take off . ”
DARPA Grand Challenge Program Manager Ron Kurjanowicz added , “ The Grand Challenge stimulated the creation of a new community of innovators – inventors , mechanics , computer scientists , engineers , and students – who typically have not been involved in Defense - related activities .
The camaraderie and competitiveness that have been the hallmark of the Grand Challenge since its inception demonstrates that America ’s heritage of ingenuity and resourcefulness is strong . ”
It all started at 4AM Saturday when DARPA revealed the race route to the teams for the very first time .
The teams could then review the course against their own maps to determine strategy for the race .
At 6:40 AM , the Red Team 's H1 ghlander left the starting gate .
Stanley from the Stanford Racing Team started five minutes later and the Red Team 's Sandstorm five minutes after that .
As in the very similar format employed by car rallys , though the cars are effectively competing against each other , they are racing the clock , so the order on course is not necessarily the order of performance .
You can start last and still win the race .
To make it even more complicated , the race officials can tell the robot to pause to avoid congestion on the course , and when the dust had settled at the end of the day , we knew that the race had been run and won , but we were n’t sure which of the four teams would take the prize because “ pause time ” is not counted in the official vehicle time and so everybody held their breath ( because the leaderboard was not accounting for the pauses ) .
H1ghlander had the lead early on .
It came through the 68 mile point about seven minutes ahead of Stanley .
But around the 100 mile mark , Stanley pulled past H1 ghlander in a dry lake bed , and the crowd just went wild .
By passing H1ghlander , Stanley showed that it was not only ahead , but at least five minutes ahead .
When it finished 20 minutes ahead of H1ghlander ( unofficially ) , it was really a 25 minute lead .
To complicate matters , Sandstorm was paused several times to avoid running too close to H1ghlander ( Stanley had already passed it ) .
There are only a few passing stretches in the route , so they pause the following vehicle to avoid corrupting its time due to " traffic " .
Since those pause times do n't count , Sandstorm could have had the better overall time .
Meanwhile , there were other problems associated with the 20 other robots running the course .
Some of them started very late , because Team Caltech 's Alice got off course and ran up onto one of the safety barriers .
The race officials towed Alice off the course and repaired the barrier before allowing any other robots to pass .
Between the starting stagger and the delay to repair the barrier , some teams started more than two hours after H1ghlander .
It 's easy to dismiss these teams , because they did n't rank well in the National Qualification Event , but that can be misleading .
All but two robots travelled farther than the best robot from last year .
In particular , two robots performed must better than the NQE would have predicted .
The Gray Team 's KAT - 5 started 16th and made a great run .
Based in Louisiana , they have a decidedly low tech sponsor : The Gray Insurance Company .
In fact , the robot was originally called " GrayBot " until the category 5 hurricane " Katrina " wiped out most of the team ’s homes .
So they renamed the robot , and kept on going .
And going , and going .
In the desert twilight , 12 hours after the first robot started , KAT - 5 crossed the finish line .
KAT - 5 should get a prize for finishing with the lowest budget and the biggest obstacle to overcome .
Most of the other robots have broken down by this point .
There was only one other robot still in action when KAT - 5 crossed the finish line -- Team TerraMax 's TerraMax ( # 21 ) .
Due to darkness , officials halted TerraMax for the night .
The robot probably would have been fine in the dark , but they were worries about the safety of the chase team and course crew .
So they shut it down for the night , and resumed the next morning .
TerraMax is a unique vehicle in the event .
It 's a specially modified 8 ton military truck .
They cut most of the cab off to be able to fit under bridges and underpasses .
Then they add 6 wheel steering to improve its ability to fit its 8 foot wide frame onto tight dirt roads .
TerraMax had 4 good runs in the NQE , but they had to go slow to keep in the narrow routes used for the testing courses .
On a wider route , it will happily go 45 mph .
The robot race of the century did not disappoint – after the ignorance of the mass media was displayed so clearly with its mockery of last year ’s efforts , the ingenuity of man shone through and massive gains were made in understanding what is required for a vehicle to travel on its own , without any human involvement and decision - making , across 132 miles of desert and thousands of obstacles .
Watching the teams on the day before the event was a privilege .
Most were sitting calmly , knowing that all the work had been done months ago , and ther robots were as ready as they ’d ever be .
Most are doing last minute adjustments .
A few were performing major repairs .
Many teams have dozens of people that have dedicated the last few months to testing their robots .
They have come to respect how tough the desert can be .
If they can't win the race , they still want to conquer this hostile terrain and the field was full of immensely capable machines that 12 months ago would all represented the pinnacle of human knowledge in the area .
DARPA has done the world an enormous service as the technologies that were developed specifically for this race will filter down into the robots which will populate our homes , assist us to run our lives , and most likely assist us to drive our cars more safely .
Murphy 's law ( anything that can go wrong , will go wrong ) was in full force on the day prior .
The Cornell team ( # 26 ) had their generator seize up the day before the race .
They swapped in a spare in the hours prior to the flag dropping .
How dedicated are the team ?
Well , they had a new transmission flown in from Singapore and installed during the NQE .
The top teams had spares of every major component , including a spare vehicle .
They wanted every chance of taking the $ 2 million dollar prize .
For example , the eventual winner , team Stanford ( # 3 ) has autonomous diagnosis on - board .
They can power cycle problematic systems and resume racing .
The Red Team that filled the placings ( #19 and # 25 ) can run a virtual course built using detailed satellite maps .
The robots had " experienced " the course before they even got to the starting gate .
This cued the robot when to be careful and when to be aggressive .
The race itself was surreal – most unlike most motor racing events where if telemetry is n’t available , voice communications with the driver plays a significant role in the strategy .
The start and finish were located on a dry lake bed , so the robots were far away before they hit the harder terrain .
There are no direct communications from the robot allowed , so their creators could only watch the data feed provided by DARPA .
Until their robot crossed the finish line or DARPA told them where to pick it up , they could only watch and wait .
Dan Christian
If you would like to use any of these x-rays for use in an article or on a website ,
please contact us to receive permission first before using anything from this page
and we will forward on your request to the appropriate parties .
Looking for an interesting program with an award - winning speaker for a science or medical center ,
festival , event , lecture , convention , museum , association meeting , documentary , article , or interview ?
More info here .
DIGG THIS
u201CWhat if they gave a war and nobody came ?
u201D
This was one of the better bumper - sticker messages of the Vietnam War years .
Its sentiments provide an insight to the question of whether it is truly possible to end the war system .
There is a way to end all wars , and the means of doing so can be stated in the following words : we must learn to love our children and grandchildren more than we do the state .
That ’s it .
No international treaties ; no candlelight vigils ; no referenda by the electorate ; no abstract philosophic doctrines to recite .
All that is required to end the wholesale butchery that most of us are eager to celebrate with the waving of flags is for each of us to put the faces of our children and grandchildren alongside the image of the state and ask ourselves : which am I prepared to sacrifice for the sake of the other ?
There is a common assumption , the falsity of which is most often revealed in times of crisis , namely , that parents have an intense love for their children .
When the costs of protecting and fostering the interests of our children are relatively low , this statement probably finds a great deal of support in human behavior .
I would go even further and , consistent with Richard Dawkins ’ book The Selfish Gene , add that most parents would likely risk their own lives to save those of their offspring .
I have seen mother birds fake an injury to themselves in order to draw a predator away from her nest of chicks , a practice as instinctively based as that of a human mother putting her children behind her when confronted by an attacker .
What we think of as our u201 C free will u201D is not always the product of our conscious thinking , but is often driven by a genetic disposition to continue itself into another generation .
If this is so , what kind of u201 Ccrisisu201D could cause parents to override these natural tendencies to protect their children from harm or death ?
This inquiry raises the question of u201 Cwhou201D we are .
If , as I believe to be beyond all doubt , each of us is motivated by self - interest , u201 Cwhou201D is the u201Cselfu201D whose interests we are fostering ?
Is it our protoplasmic and / or egoistic sense of being ?
Does it include our extended family relationships , and perhaps that of our friends , neighbors , and work associates ?
In the words of Alice ’s caterpillar , u201 Cwho are you ?
u201D
Since early childhood , our minds have been carefully conditioned — by institutions presuming the authority to train us in mindsets that serve their interests — to regard our subservience to organizational purposes as an integral part of who we are .
In a secular society , such subservience is to the state .
This is not simply a matter of being trained to favor state interests over our own , but of learning to have such interests coalesce into a unified sense of self .
It is in this way that we develop u201 Cego - boundary u201D definitions of u201 Cwhou201D we are .
Such categories go far beyond political classifications , to include race , nationality , religion , gender , ethnicity , lifestyle , ideology , or any of numerous other categories by which we have come to think of u201 Courselves .
u201D
In our politically - structured world , most of us have learned to identify ourselves through the nation - state of which we are a part .
From this transformation from our biological / egoistic definition of u201Cselfu201D into a u201Cnationu201D or u201Cstateu201D meaning , our minds become prepared — like that of a mother bird — to risk our individual lives in order to protect our enlarged definition of u201Cself.u201D
It is a mistake to assume that we are u201 Csacrificing u201D our sense of self in going off to war : the interests of the nation - state are the self - interests of the person who has identified himself with this ego - boundary .
This is what drives the suicide - bomber to destroy both himself and others .
How does one break into this vicious circle of institutionalized and sanctified destruction and put an end to it ?
We make the feeble excuse that wars will end when u201Cothersu201D change their ways and decide to quit the practice .
But you have no control over others .
The illusion that you do is what creates the war system .
Since war involves two or more parties , and you cannot control the energies of others , your efforts to end wars is necessarily confined to the withdrawing of your participation in the system .
But how is this to be done ?
Our conditioning often leads us to suppose that political involvement — such as working on behalf of candidates — is the way out of war ’s destructive ways .
But politics is the war system , whether conducted against domestic or foreign enemies .
Believing that you can excise the most vicious and destructive part from the political thinking that spawns it , is like believing you can end cirrhosis of the liver without confronting the addiction of alcoholism .
Such an approach is a total evasion of the problem .
It is as though ending wars is only a matter of generating popular slogans , spreading the use of bumper - stickers , or erecting international scarecrows to ward off the same forces that underlie all political action .
If you have been conditioned to see yourself as a manifestation of the u201 Cego - boundaries u201D with which you have identified yourself , is it not evident that examining your own thinking — including the processes of your conditioning — might be a place to begin ?
Does your very soul insist — as it was trained to do — upon maintaining its u201 Cpledge - of - allegianceu201D commitment to the state ?
If you consider your existence subordinate to the state ’s interests , upon what basis could you urge a higher purpose for your children ?
During the Vietnam War years , I recall hearing a few fathers — themselves veterans of World War II — expressing shame over their sons who fled to Canada rather than getting themselves fed into the war machine .
I also recalled the statement — whose author I no longer remember — that a man had a moral duty to not allow his children to grow up under tyranny .
What pathetic beings , and what terrible parents , were those men who felt disgraced by sons who regarded their well - being more highly than they did that of the state .
There are few more depraved forms of child abuse than those found in parents not only allowing , but eagerly promoting , the sacrifice of their children to any purpose .
This tendency is often brought on , I suppose , by a lack of awareness of the harm faced by the child .
Politics feeds and depends upon an ignorance of the costs of its undertakings , a lack of awareness that government schools , the media , and other statist voices have no interest in helping people to overcome .
If we were able to comprehend the consequences implicit in our present action , we would be less inclined to act without assessing the costs of our doing so .
If your child wished to participate in military action that others portray as u201 Cheroicu201D — an image reinforced by movies starring the likes of John Wayne ( who had the good judgment to remain out of World War II ! ) — your sense of parental love and responsibility might dictate your taking him or her to visit a veterans hospital or cemetery to see the costs others have borne .
I disagree with those who do not want to see military caskets or the bodies of dead children shown on television .
The sociopaths who tune in to Faux News in order to tune out to reality should — along with other defenders of the war system — be provided a steady showing of decapitated children , or bodies blown apart by cluster bombs .
Likewise , parents whose children are of military age and inclination should be shown photographs of soldiers blown into many pieces by an artillery shell .
The purpose of making such pictures available is not to gratify perverted tastes , but to give everyone a demonstration of the real costs of warfare .
It is the essence of responsible behavior for individuals to experience all the costs of undertakings of which they approve .
Most of us prefer to hide behind and take refuge in our ignorance .
Perhaps pictures of dead and maimed soldiers and children can help overcome this trait , tempering the enthusiasm with which so many people feed their children to the war machine .
How do we dismantle the ego - boundary structures in our mind , and walk away from the citadels of state power ?
Is it possible for us to discover how to be an American — or an Australian , Norwegian , or Egyptian — without attaching existential importance to that fact ?
If so , we will likely end the divisions between ourselves and others and end our contributions to the war system that is the state .
We will then be able to embrace our children and grandchildren with the love we have hitherto given to the nation - state , and no longer be willing to sacrifice their lives in the playing of this insane game .
Perhaps Dawkins ’ book may help us discover the fact of our genetic commonality with all human beings , an awareness that will help us break down the walls states find it advantageous to their interests to erect among us .
By ending the separation between u201 Cusu201D and u201 Cthem , u201D we may find ourselves unwilling to sacrifice the lives of other people ’s children for the u201 Coffenseu201D of having been born in the u201 Cwrongu201D country , or of parents of the u201 Cwrongu201D religious views .
Can the war system long survive if the anger and hatred generated by political systems were to be dissipated by the forces of love for our children ?
The Best of Butler Shaffer
As readers may have noticed , I 've held the view that the post - peak era is likely to be more inflation - prone than the pre-peak era .
The reason for this is the strong correlation between inflation rates in the past and oil shocks .
I even had a mechanism in mind : that in an oil shock , there is less aggregate supply of goods and services , since just about any good or service requires energy to make and deliver , and so if there 's unexpectedly less energy , there 's going to be less goods and services .
I further assumed that people would respond to this by borrowing and / or liquidating assets in an attempt to maintain their lifestyle .
This " bidding war " for the unexpectedly reduced goods and services would in effect raise the velocity of money and cause a rise in the price level .
I was over today at Calculated Risk , and he had a post on the personal savings rate , which had this graph :
Personal savings rate Jan 2004 - May 2006 .
Source : BEA via Calculated Risk .
It occurred to me that the personal savings rate is a way to test my mental model of what 's going on , so I investigated further .
The idea is that if my model is correct that during a resource - constraint people are borrowing and / or liquidating assets in order to bid for the remaining goods and services , that ought to show up as a drop in the personal savings rate .
To summarize the punchline , I discovered that there 's some evidence that things are working according to my model at present , but no evidence that things worked that way in past oil shocks .
So I am suitably mystified .
First off , given the controversy this tends to cause with various folks of the Austrian persuasion , I should say that what I mean by inflation is a change in the average price level in the economy , causing currency to be worth less relative to goods and services .
This is measured by things like the CPI - U , the GDP deflator , etc ( and to the extent they differ , I view that as an estimate of the measurement error in observing inflation ) .
One can have short bursts of inflation , or large sustained amounts of inflation .
( The US has not really experienced the latter at any time , but various developing countries have and do . )
I 'm not a fan of throwing away parts of the data under various pretexts ( as " core " inflation does ) .
You 're welcome to use some other definition of inflation in your writings , but in my posts , that 's what I mean by the term .
Firstly , why do I think there 's this connection between inflation and oil shocks .
Well , as I observed a few months ago , there have been six more - or - less significant oil shocks in the last 55 years ( including the current plateau as a very mild one so far ) , and eight noticeable peaks in the US inflation rates .
All six oil shocks coincide with one of the significant peaks , and the three largest inflation peaks are associated with severe oil shocks .
The odds of that happening in the absence of a strong causal connection of some kind are miniscule , and it 's sure hard to see how inflation could cause the oil shocks , rather than the other way around .
US inflation rate ( calculated two ways ) since 1950 with various oil shocks labeled .
The green line is inflation calculated from the quarterly GDP deflator numbers ( percentage change from four quarters earlier ) .
Source : Bureau of Economic Affairs .
The purple line is calculated from the monthly CPI - U index ( percentage change from 12 months earlier ) .
Source : Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Anyway , I began by looking at the recent situation .
The personal income data are available from the Bureau of Economic Analysis ( eg see the most recent release , or go here for raw data ) .
I was mostly working from Table 2.6 for monthly statistics , and Table 2.1 for longer - term quarterly and annual stats .
The data cover the total amount of personal income Americans received ( with some breakdown ) , the amount they spent , and computes personal savings as the difference .
It 's a nice series because it goes back a very long way .
I also went to the EIA , and dragged out numbers for gasoline consumption , gasoline prices , natural gas residential consumption , and prices .
That allowed me to compute the proportion of personal disposable income ( income after taxes and other payroll contributions ) being spent on gasoline and natural gas :
Proportion of personal disposable income being spent on gasoline and natural gas Jan 2002 - April 2006 .
Source : BEA NIPA
Table 2.6 for personal savings data , and EIA for gasoline consumption , gasoline prices , natural gas residential consumption , and prices .
As you can see , the proportion of income going on these has roughly doubled in four years .
The gasoline calculation is a bit crude because it neglects both taxes ( which would increase it ) and the fact that some gasoline is bought by commercial and industrial customers ( which would decrease it ) .
Hopefully the residual error is fairly small .
In addition to gasoline and natural gas , households spend a couple of percent of PDI on electricity but electricity prices have been fairly stable .
There 's also heating oil and diesel but these are a much smaller contribution to household expenses ( on average - they are important regionally ) .
So given that the personal savings rate is the difference between income and expenses for the aggregate of US households -- their profitability if you will -- to the extent they had n't had to spend money unexpectedly on energy , they might have saved more and borrowed less .
Hence this graph which takes out the money spent on natural gas and gasoline over the January 2002 level , and puts it back into the personal savings rate :
Monthly savings rate for January 2002 - May 2006 ( plum ) , together with a version that assumed prices of gasoline and natural gas had not changed ( green ) .
Click to enlarge .
The fine lines are the monthly figures , and the heavy lines are a 13 month centered moving average .
Graph is not zero scaled , and x-axis is not at zero .
Source : BEA NIPA
Table 2.6 for personal savings data , and EIA for gasoline consumption , gasoline prices , natural gas residential consumption , and prices .
( The spike up at the end of 2004 is due to Microsoft 's special dividend , and the spike down in summer 2005 is due to hurricanes ) .
As you can see , personal savings would have been fairly flat until the beginning of 2005 but for energy cost increases .
And one might imagine that , now energy prices are starting to bleed through into core inflation , if we took into account the indirect effects of energy in the same way , personal savings might have been completely flat .
Of course , this is n't proof that there 's a causal connection - it 's just consistent with it and an interesting piece of evidence .
Let 's now look at the separate components of the personal savings rates : the after - income and the personal outlays :
Monthly disposable income and personal outlays for January 2002 - May 2006 ( nominal dollars ) .
Graph is not zero - scaled .
Click to enlarge .
Source : BEA NIPA Table 2.6 .
As you can see , the problem is not that income was n't increasing fairly briskly , it 's just that we felt a need to increase expenses faster again .
Let 's pull back for a broader view :
Quarterly personal savings rate from 1950 - I to 2006 - I. Graph is not zero - scaled .
Click to enlarge .
Source : BEA NIPA Table 2.1 .
Well !
Is it that we are moral degenerates who live on credit cards instead of saving like our virtuous parents ?
Or that it 's getting harder and harder to make a surplus , indeed even get by , now that globalization is moving our jobs to Outer Mongolia for the low wages ?
Or that all our jobs and heavy industry is moving somewhere they still have cheap energy since the peak of US oil and natural gas in the seventies ?
All of the above ?
Whatever it was , around 1985 , the rot sets in and things have been getting steadily worse ever since .
Anyway , we must n't get too distracted by the big secular trends ; our main mission here is a hunt for oil shocks .
Let 's start at the lower right .
That giant dive in the personal savings rate in 2005 sure looks like it matches my model for oil - shock induced profligacy .
However , I 'm clearly in big trouble in the earlier cases .
For example , the Abadan crisis ( where the British blockaded Iranian oil after Mossadegh nationalized the Iranian oil industry ) began in mid 1951 .
It gives a huge ( if brief ) inflation spike immediately .
But the PSR had dropped in 1950 , and rises again through the oil shock .
Likewise 1973 or 1979 are completely not there as big spikes downward from the prevailing rate .
In general , past oil shocks seem to have had very little influence on the savings rate .
Here 's per capita PDI and personal outlays in chained 2000 dollars ( ie this is real , not nominal , dollars ) .
Real personal disposable income and personal outlays per capita 1950 - I to 2006 - I. Numbers are chained 2000 dollars deflated by the personal income deflator .
Click to enlarge .
Source : BEA NIPA Table 2.1 .
Hmmm .
Are we really 3 1/2 times better off than our grandparents ?
Sure houses are somewhat bigger ( though somebody 's probably still living in Granny 's house ) , cars accelerate faster , stereos sounds better , and kids have more toys .
Computers and the Internet are really cool .
But somehow it does n't seem like a 3.5 x improvement .
I 'd give it 1.5 x maybe .
How much would you pay , or need to be paid , to go back and live in 1950 instead of 2006 ?
The furniture and clothing is nowhere near the quality of Granny's , we do n't get to go to the symphony as often , and TV is execrable .
But I digress again .
The point I really wanted to make is that before about 1980 , the two curves ( income and expenditure ) were almost exactly the same shape - every little wiggle in income was reproduced in outlays .
But since then , they have increasingly diverged with the outlay curve getting smoother ( including smoothly blasting through the flattening in income in 2005 ) .
This next graph gives us a more precise look at the situation , at the expense of being more difficult to read .
It shows the four quarter percentage change in both personal disposable income and personal outlays ( economy - wide totals ) so that we can see how both income and spending respond to shocks .
Percentage change from four quarters earlier for real personal disposable income and personal outlays 1951 - I to 2006 - I. Click to enlarge .
Source : BEA NIPA Table 2.1 .
We can at least see the shocks now - remember in approximate severity order they are 1973 , 1979 , 1951 , 1955 , 1990 , 2005 .
Each caused a sharp dive in income ( though they are by no means the only things to do so ) .
However , prior to this most recent one , all caused at least as large a dive in the personal outlay line .
In some cases outlays fell more than income .
But as you can see , since 1980 , it 's increasingly the case that when income stops growing , spending does n't follow suit - we just borrow our way through it .
Not always though - but obviously often enough that the personal savings rate is tanking .
So I think while my theory may have some value in the near term ( as long as we remain such credit hungry spendthrifts ) it does n't appear to have much merit as an explanation in the past .
And that begs the question what does mediate an oil shock into such big spikes in the inflation rate ?
My new hypothesis is as follows .
When there 's an energy shock , there 's less energy ( or at least less energy than households and businesses were planning on based on recent trends ) .
Since it 's very hard for anyone to use energy more efficiently in the very short term ( before capital investments in more efficient equipment can be made ) , this means that someone is going to have to engage in less economic activity .
The firms and households whose energy use will be dropped will presumably be those whose energy use is large compared to the amount of value they create with that energy .
However , this process involves bidding up the price of energy ( or it 's most relevant subform : oil ) , and that affects the income statement for all businesses and all households , even those who win the bidding war to keep using as much energy as they were using .
Let 's focus on the businesses for a moment ; I now suspect they might be the more important actors .
If 5 % of a business 's costs are oil and the price of oil doubled , and the business cannot use less in the short term , then expenses just went up by 5 % over what was expected .
Since pre-tax net margins are typically only in the range of 0 - 10 % , that is a huge potential impact on net profits .
Since shareholders hate that kind of thing , the business is now under huge pressure to either reduce expenses or increase revenues to increase profits .
Since all businesses are in variants of this dilemma , there is n't really an opportunity to increase real revenues on an economy - wide basis , so the only choices are to cut costs ( which promotes a recession ) , or increase prices ( which promotes inflation ) .
The degree to which one or other occurs is going to depend on how much spare capacity there is .
If the economy is already in recession , pricing power will be poor , and the effect of the oil shock will go more to deepening the recession .
If the economy is strong entering the shock , pricing power might be good and firms will strive to maintain their profitability by raising prices .
Households will tend to follow suit to the extent they have pricing power for their labor ( demanding wage increases to compensate them for their increased cost of living ) .
If everyone does raise prices , and thereby spark a spike in inflation , the Fed is likely to notice ( with some lag ) , and respond by increasing interest rates .
This will then trigger a recession with some delay ( if the initial shock was strong enough ) , and also bring the inflation level back down .
I 'll check this storyline out in more detail in future posts at some time ...
In the last few years , physicists have learned that the different string theories discovered and studied in different ways are limiting cases of a single , more powerful theory , known as M theory .
" M " stands for magic , mystery , or matrix , according to taste .
Some of these developments will be explained in this lecture .
Edward Witten , professor of physics at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , N.J. , is arguably the premier theoretical physicist of our time .
Renowned for his many contributions to particle physics and string theory , Witten has almost single - handedly constructed a new branch of mathematical physics
For his achievements , he has been awarded mathematics ' highest prize , the 1990 Fields Medal .
A member of the National Academy of Sciences , he is a recipient of a MacArthur Prize , the Dirac Medal , and many other honors .
When I do these more serious posts about workplaces issues , not so much of my angry persona leaks out .
A little does , to be sure , but not so much as , say , when I ’m foolish enough to get into politics .
Part of this is not wanting to completely obscure serious points with humour but part of it is my nature ; when I ’m dealing with situations that require more analysis I tend to get more clinical and I try to keep emotional responses to a minimum .
I ’m sure this is true in business generally but I know for a fact it ’s painfully true for IT workers : sometimes you have to deal with “ customers ” ( whether internal people / departments that have a stake in IT development or actual paying customers ) who are absolutely infuriating .
The disconnect between customer thinking and what is possible , sensible or even a vaguely good idea is sometimes truly staggering .
But then again , if we were honest , we ’d have to admit that some of the thinking coming out of IT departments is not even a distant relation to common sense or reality .
As a Business Analyst , I tend to be put between these two ( often conflicting ) worlds .
When I ’m in a good mood I feel like I ’m the bridge between two worlds , clarifying and translating when IT does n’t understand business needs and the business side does n’t understand IT needs .
On bad days I feel like the meat in the sandwich .
My starting point is that I ’m in IT and I ’m usually representing IT interests – so how do I do this without losing my cool in the face of what seems to be insurmountable ignorance ?
I should probably start by giving an example of a fairly dramatic failure on my part to do this well .
A little while ago I was contracting with a little start - up who were doing some interesting work , very web 2.0 stuff .
They are probably the best at executing this type of web based services I have seen in Australia .
But , inevitably , the day came when something really dumb was proposed .
A web application aimed at the advertising industry was under development but progress had stalled and I was working on resolving some of the issues .
It soon became clear that the biggest issue was the manager of the internal business unit that was selling the product to advertising agencies ( selling a product that did n’t actually exist – is this sounding familiar to anyone ? )
The concept itself was extremely strong – an online communication tool that let everyone involved in the very complex of shooting an ad stay in touch and book each other ’s time .
The development was well - advanced , we had a prototype that showed how to turn what had been a manual process that could take weeks to resolve into an online process that could be set up in one or two days .
But then the product manager saw some over - designed Flash - based website with animation out the wazoo that he decided was “ sexy ” .
Everyone wants to be sexy .
People in the advertising industry definitely want to be sexy .
So when he showed this example to potential client and promoted how sexy it was , of course they all said that was exactly what they wanted .
Nobody wants to say “ no thanks , I ’d rather not be sexy . ”
The problem is , this was a product designed to be used all day every day for people ’s core work .
No matter what someone tells you they want , what they need is something that is functional and does n’t get in their way when they ’re working .
The primary problem with this over - designed monstrosity is that it would slow down every single task for the sake of animated menus , rounded edges and general “ sexiness ” .
I needed a way to convince the product manager that his central idea that he was so excited about simply could n’t work .
No matter how much people said ahead of time they loved the idea ( nobody will say they do n’t want to be sexy ) they will hate you five minutes after they start using it and it becomes clear this application will make their life a misery .
So I sat him down and calmly said :
“ This is a really dumb idea .
You have to go with the simpler interface the programmers have already developed .
I know everyone at the advertising agencies told you they loved the concept but trust me , they ’ll find it impossible to use .
If you insist on following this , the developers will hate you for making them do it and the customers will hate you for making them use it . ”
Did I mention that the product manager was a senior boss ’s brother ?
All in all , not the best career move I ’ve ever made .
On the plus side , after saying this the development team really , really wanted my contract to be extended .
On the negative side , nobody on the business side seemed particularly impressed that I ’d held up one of their own to ridicule and started to argue that “ I was n’t a good cultural fit ” for the company .
I probably could have stayed there if I had really wanted to ( the CEO was on my side ) but it was a really good job market and I decided I did n’t need to put up with that sort of crap .
So there ’s a prime example of how not to do it .
Here ’s a few examples of how to handle difficult customers in a way that ’s more likely to generate a positive outcome for everyone concerned :
1 . Do n’t tell someone their idea is stupid .
Instead of what I did in the above example , try to steer the discussion towards a positive outcome rather than highlighting how stupid the proposed idea is .
The best way to do this is to ask questions rather than make statements .
People can argue with statements but they have to answer questions .
I learned while researching something else that this is essentially Socratic Irony – you play dumb and treat the person you disagree with as an expert .
Eventually , they ’ll talk themselves into a corner .
2. Start the analysis at the highest level possible .
Any discussion with a customer that starts with “ I want this type of system that uses this framework and looks like that ” is destined to have a lot of problems .
It ’s surprising how often people who dive straight into “ solution mode ” ca n’t clearly articulate the central problem they ’re trying to solve when you put them on the spot .
How can you arrive at a solution when you ca n’t even say what the problem is ?
Discussions should start at cloud level ( to borrow a term from use case methodology ) and ask in the broadest possible terms : what are we trying to achieve ?
Ideally , the first people to talk about an actual IT solution should be programmers .
3 . Know when to stop analysing .
I ’m not an advocate of Agile methodology per se but you definitely need to avoid analysis paralysis .
If a customer is driving you crazy with over analysis of requirements , know when to move from thinking to action .
There are too many variables in any IT project to know without doubt how things are going to turn out .
I ’m in favour of having clearly defined goals and a plan on how to reach said goals but at a certain point you need to stop planning and start delivering .
Sadly , this is more art than science and it ’s impossible to define exactly how much analysis will be required in all cases ( anyone who says otherwise is trying to sell you books and / or seminars ) .
The right amount is however much it takes to execute the project successfully – do n’t stop too soon and do n’t go on too long .
4 . Define what you ’re going to deliver .
It ’s an irony of IT that the customer who wants something is often very bad at defining what they actually want .
One of the most important roles of a BA is to articulate what is actually going to be delivered in a way that ’s clear enough for the business side to understand yet precise enough for the development side to deliver on .
It ’s easier to avoid getting angry with a difficult customer if there ’s an objective source to refer back to , that way you do n’t have to argue over points in isolation because there ’s always a way to bring focus back to the conversation .
And my number one tip for avoiding getting angry with a difficult customer :
5 . Know when to walk away from a discussion .
There will come a time when it feels like you have two choices with a particularly insane customer who is placing unreasonable demands on you : strangle them or walk away .
Walking away is always the right response no matter how satisfying you think it might be to strangle them .
End the discussion in a dignified way , not with a screaming hissy fit .
Say : “ I think we ’ve reached a point where further discussion is n’t getting us anywhere , let ’s leave this for a while so we can all think about it and get back together later , ” and set a time for another discussion .
This is infinitely more useful than screaming “ I hate you !
I ’m not putting up with this crap any more ! ” and storming out .
The sad fact is that in most organisations , IT people are lower on the food chain than sales people and we simply have to deal with that .
Mastering the anger that threatens to well up when dealing with people that we quite frankly consider to be idiots is a skill everyone should master .
I ’ve seen too many people who were completely in the right lose all credibility because they shouted , swore or stormed out of a difficult meeting .
Find you own way of dealing with customer - inspired anger if none of these work for you but for your own sake , do n’t let the bastards get to you .
More Information About Broadband Internet
Broadband Internet , generally known simply as Broadband , is the name given to high speed internet access .
Standard broadband is 512 kb and is 10 times faster than dial - up that is just 56 k .
In addition , dial - up access requires disrupting your telephone service whereas Broadband does not .
Broadband can be delivered in a number of different ways .
The three most popular ways are DSL Broadband , Cable Broadband and Satellite Broadband .
DSL is currently the most popular delivery method for Broadband .
Cable Broadband is the next most popular method and Satellite Broadband is the least popular method .
DSL and Cable Broadband are generally the least expensive and most effective forms of Broadband .
Satellite Broadband is generally the most expensive form due to the equipment needed .
It is also the slowest due to the 35,000 miles the signal has to travel to reach the satellite .
It is generally used in rural areas where DSL and Cable Broadband are not available .
One of the most important factors when choosing a broadband delivery method is the amount of bandwidth available .
Bandwidth is the amount of data that you are allowed to download / upload at any given time .
All Broadband ISP providers publish their bandwidth capabilities which aregenerally what people use to determine which plan is best for them .
However , the advertised Bandwidth is not always accurate .
ISPs often allow a greater number of users to operate on their network than their network can handle at the download speeds published .
ISPs assume that not all users will be on the network at once and not using the maximum download capabilities available .
Therefore , your Broadband download speed can vary significantlyby time of day and day of the week depending on how busy the network is .
That is why it is important to test your Broadband connection at different times .
Your ISP may advertise a high Broadband Bandwidth , but you may only get that advertised Broadband Bandwidth at certain times of the week .
That is why we allow you to set up an account with Internet Frogthat saves your Broadband test results so you can compare download speeds at different times .
This service is free and only requires you to register with us .
To do so , you can register here .
Definition of Terms
This is a picture I did not take
when I saw it unfold for the second consecutive day : a man standing in the middle of the street ( coincidentally in front of a three - story - tall mural of a photograph by Richard Avedon ) and each time I drove toward the man , I thought he was standing in the street taking a selfie with a large phone — standing right there in traffic , with a phone or tablet ( with the Avedon mural behind him ) taking a selfie in traffic which is something people do these days , but in the exact location and approximate time I 'd seen him the previous day , 4:25 on a Tuesday , again on Wednesday ; but as I drew closer , both days , the man 's phone began to look different , and it was n't until he was right in front of me that I realized he was n't taking a portrait of himself that incorporated his face with the Avedon mural and the history of photography in the background — he was just standing in front of my car , looking at his own reflection in an ornate , hand - held , victorian - era mirror , stopping traffic .
Show pointers
Show labels
Show list All modalities to : MR - T1 MR - T2 FDG T1/ FDG T2/ FDG
Help Home
Dick Marty says his investigation into the claims is continuing
The preliminary report comes from Swiss MP Dick Marty , for the human rights watchdog the Council of Europe .
The US admits picking up terrorism suspects but denies sending them to Arab nations to face torture .
Mr Marty said he could not be certain that the CIA used secret prisons in Europe to interrogate terror suspects .
The BBC's Tim Franks at the Council of Europe says the Swiss senator 's report does not appear to reveal hard new facts .
' Great deal of evidence '
Mr Marty began his investigation in November and presented his interim report to the Council of Europe in Strasbourg on Tuesday morning .
In his report , he said " rendition " - the secret transport of prisoners via Europe to third countries where they may have been tortured - seemed to have affected more than 100 people in recent years .
The facts had " not even been denied " , he said .
At a news conference he denounced the practice as " criminal acts " which " run counter to the laws that prevail in all civilised countries today " .
He cited the case of the Egyptian political refugee , Abu Omar , who was , he said , abducted by the CIA in the middle of the Italian city , Milan , in 2003 , flown to Egypt and then tortured .
The report said his case was just one part of " a great deal of coherent , convergent evidence pointing to the existence of a system of ' relocation ' or ' outsourcing ' of torture " .
Mr Marty singled out the Italian judiciary for praise and said the CIA kidnapping had " completely destroyed " an Italian police investigation into Abu Omar and his associates .
In another case , a German man was said to have been kidnapped in Macedonia and taken to Afghanistan .
COUNCIL OF EUROPE Founded in 1949 and based in Strasbourg , France Forty - six members , 21 of them from Central and Eastern Europe Set up to defend human rights , parliamentary democracy and the rule of law Acts as human rights watchdog for Europe Oversees the European Court of Human Rights Comprises a decision - making committee of ministers and 630 - member parliamentary assembly
Mr Marty also looked into allegations of secret CIA detention centres in Romania and Poland .
Here he said there was " no formal , irrefutable evidence " , although he said that there should be further investigation .
Several Eastern and Central European countries accused of hosting them have all strenuously denied the charge .
Mr Marty 's report talks about CIA activities challenging the very functioning of the law - based state and its democratic foundation .
" Acts of torture or severe violation of detainees ' dignity through the administration of inhuman or degrading treatment are carried out outside national territory , and beyond the authority of national intelligence services ...
" It is highly unlikely that European governments , or at least their intelligence services , were unaware , " the report said .
' Black sites '
Mr Marty told the Council of Europe that the investigation into CIA renditions was continuing .
He welcomed the fact that the European Parliament had also set up an ad hoc committee to investigate the controversial flights .
HAVE YOUR SAY Mr Marty is conducting a difficult and important investigation
Rory Morty , Giessen , Germany
Send us your comments
And he said he had received detailed information on Monday from Eurocontrol - the Brussels - based air safety organisation - and from the EU 's Satellite Centre , including sites located in Romania .
The prisons story broke in early November , when the Washington Post newspaper said the CIA had been running facilities in Eastern Europe , Afghanistan and Thailand .
It said more than 100 people had been sent to facilities known as " black sites " since they were set up following the 11 September 2001 attacks .
With hormonal male contraception likely to be available in the near future , results of a study in this week 's issue of THE LANCET highlight how such contraception is reversible within a few months .
Currently available male contraceptive methods ( condoms , withdrawal , and vasectomy ) are not acceptable to many couples because they are either not sufficiently reliable or not easily reversible .
In a similar way to ovulation suppression by hormone treatment in women , sperm production can be fully inhibited by androgen or androgen - progestagen treatment combinations in men .
With such hormone treatment , azoospermia ( no sperm in ejaculate ) or severe oligozoospermia ( less than 3 million sperm per mL of semen ) , which is sufficient for contraceptive purposes , can be achieved .
Currently , a large phase III study with an androgen treatment and a large , multicentre phase II study of androgen - progestagen combinations are being completed in China and Europe , respectively .
Peter Liu from the Los Angeles Biomedical Research Institute at Harbor - UCLA Medical Center ( LA BioMed ) , who is currently located at the ANZAC Research Institute , University of Sydney , Australia , and colleagues analysed data from individual participants in 30 studies published in 1990 - 2005 , in which sperm output was monitored every month until recovery .
The primary outcome was the time for the sperm concentration to recover to a threshold of 20 million per mL , an indicator of fertility .
Data were available for around 1500 men .
The average time for sperm recovery to 20 million / mL was 3•4 months .
Various factors were associated with higher rates of recovery including older age , Asian origin , shorter treatment duration , and higher sperm concentrations at baseline .
Although these factors modulated the speed of recovery , spermatogenesis recovered to levels compatible with fertility in all men .
Dr Liu and colleagues comment : " Our data provide strong assurance that the previously described efficacy of hormonal male contraceptives is coupled with highly predictable recovery to semen characteristics that are compatible with fertility .
These findings thereby increase the promise of new contraceptive drugs allowing men to share more fairly the satisfaction and burden of family planning . "
###
Contacts : Dr Peter Y Liu , Department of Andrology , Concord Hospital and ANZAC Research Institute , University of Sydney , Sydney 2139 , NSW , Australia ; T ) + 61 2 9767 9100 ; pliu@mail.usyd.edu.au , or Professor Christina Wang , General Clinical Research Center , Los Angeles Biomedical Research Institute at Harbor - UCLA Medical Center , 90509 , Torrance , CA , USA ; 310 222 2503 ; wang@labiomed.org
The Los Angeles Biomedical Research Institute at Harbor - UCLA Medical Center ( LA BioMed ) is one of the largest independent , not - for - profit biomedical research institutes in Los Angeles County .
Affiliated with both the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA and the Harbor - UCLA Medical Center , the Institute has an annual budget of over $ 72 million and currently supports more than 1,000 research studies in areas such as cardiology , emerging infections , cancer , women 's health , reproductive health , vaccine research , respiratory physiology , neonatology , molecular biology , and genetics .
Surveillance and Oversight
Christmas 2003 , Las Vegas .
Intelligence hinted at a terrorist attack on New Year ’s Eve .
In the absence of any real evidence , the FBI tried to compile a real - time database of everyone who was visiting the city .
It collected customer data from airlines , hotels , casinos , rental car companies , even storage locker rental companies .
All this information went into a massive database — probably close to a million people overall — that the FBI ’s computers analyzed , looking for links to known terrorists .
Of course , no terrorist attack occurred and no plot was discovered :
The intelligence was wrong .
A typical American citizen spending the holidays in Vegas might be surprised to learn that the FBI collected his personal data , but this kind of thing is increasingly common .
Since 9/11 , the FBI has been collecting all sorts of personal information on ordinary Americans , and it shows no signs of letting up .
The FBI has two basic tools for gathering information on large groups of Americans .
Both were created in the 1970s to gather information solely on foreign terrorists and spies .
Both were greatly expanded by the USA Patriot Act and other laws , and are now routinely used against ordinary , law - abiding Americans who have no connection to terrorism .
Together , they represent an enormous increase in police power in the United States .
The first are FISA warrants ( sometimes called Section 215 warrants , after the section of the Patriot Act that expanded their scope ) .
These are issued in secret , by a secret court .
The second are national security letters , less well known but much more powerful , and which FBI field supervisors can issue all by themselves .
The exact numbers are secret , but a recent Washington Post article estimated that 30,000 letters each year demand telephone records , banking data , customer data , library records , and so on .
In both cases , the recipients of these orders are prohibited by law from disclosing the fact that they received them .
And two years ago , Attorney General John Ashcroft rescinded a 1995 guideline that this information be destroyed if it is not relevant to whatever investigation it was collected for .
Now , it can be saved indefinitely , and disseminated freely .
September 2005 , Rotterdam .
The police had already identified some of the 250 suspects in a soccer riot from the previous April , but most were unidentified but captured on video .
In an effort to help , they sent text messages to 17,000 phones known to be in the vicinity of the riots , asking that anyone with information contact the police .
The result was more evidence , and more arrests .
The differences between the Rotterdam and Las Vegas incidents are instructive .
The Rotterdam police needed specific data for a specific purpose .
Its members worked with federal justice officials to ensure that they complied with the country ’s strict privacy laws .
They obtained the phone numbers without any names attached , and deleted them immediately after sending the single text message .
And their actions were public , widely reported in the press .
On the other hand , the FBI has no judicial oversight .
With only a vague hinting that a Las Vegas attack might occur , the bureau vacuumed up an enormous amount of information .
First its members tried asking for the data ; then they turned to national security letters and , in some cases , subpoenas .
There was no requirement to delete the data , and there is every reason to believe that the FBI still has it all .
And the bureau worked in secret ; the only reason we know this happened is that the operation leaked .
These differences illustrate four principles that should guide our use of personal information by the police .
The first is oversight :
In order to obtain personal information , the police should be required to show probable cause , and convince a judge to issue a warrant for the specific information needed .
Second , minimization :
The police should only get the specific information they need , and not any more .
Nor should they be allowed to collect large blocks of information in order to go on “ fishing expeditions , ” looking for suspicious behavior .
The third is transparency :
The public should know , if not immediately then eventually , what information the police are getting and how it is being used .
And fourth , destruction .
Any data the police obtains should be destroyed immediately after its court - authorized purpose is achieved .
The police should not be able to hold on to it , just in case it might become useful at some future date .
This is n’t about our ability to combat terrorism ; it ’s about police power .
Traditional law already gives police enormous power to peer into the personal lives of people , to use new crime - fighting technologies , and to correlate that information .
But unfettered police power quickly resembles a police state , and checks on that power make us all safer .
As more of our lives become digital , we leave an ever - widening audit trail in our wake .
This information has enormous social value — not just for national security and law enforcement , but for purposes as mundane as using cell - phone data to track road congestion , and as important as using medical data to track the spread of diseases .
Our challenge is to make this information available when and where it needs to be , but also to protect the principles of privacy and liberty our country is built on .
This essay originally appeared in the Minneapolis Star - Tribune .
Posted on November 22 , 2005 at 6:06 AM • 34 Comments
Stephen Colbert wo n't be taking the advice offered in this guide .
He has dedicated his career to passing himself off as an expert on anything .
Colbert honed this skill on The Daily Show With Jon Stewart , where he served as an analyst on everything from the Middle East to presidential gastronomy before gaining the title Senior Expert News Correspondent .
He is a specialist in improv comedy , which he says " is partly about making people believe you know everything . "
On Comedy Central 's hit show The Colbert Report , he goes beyond expertise into the arena of what he calls the anti-expert .
" My show is an exercise in willfully ignorant , emotionally based , non-intellectual , - incurious passion about things .
For instance , what gives Britannica the right to tell me that the Panama Canal was built in 1914 ?
If I want to say 1941 , that 's my right . "
Do n't even think about arguing with him .
- John Hockenberry
PICK A FIELD THAT CAN'T BE VERIFIED .
Try something like string theory or God 's will : " I speak to God .
I 'm sorry that you can't also . "
Security experts are in this category :
They have security clearances , we do n't .
We can't question the expertise of the NSA because we are not in the NSA .
CHOOSE A SUBJECT THAT'S ACTUALLY SECRET .
Dan Brown invented a secret subject for The Da Vinci Code , so now he is forever an expert on this secret subject that no one can challenge .
Anybody who attacks the secret subject is , by definition , part of the cabal .
GET YOUR OWN ENTRY IN AN ENCYCLOPEDIA .
In the media age , everybody was famous for 15 minutes .
In the Wikipedia age , everybody can be an expert in five minutes .
Special bonus :
You can edit your own entry to make yourself seem even smarter .
USE THE WORD ZEITGEIST AS OFTEN AS POSSIBLE .
Ideally , you want to find words that sound familiar but people do n't really know their definitions : zeitgeist , bildungsroman , doppelgänger - better yet , anything Latin .
But avoid paradigm .
It 's so 1994 .
If you say the word paradigm , everybody knows you 're a poser .
BE SURE TO USE LOTS OF ABBREVIATIONS AND ACRONYMS .
Someone who says the words operations security may be educated , but the person who uses the military abbreviation Opsec is clearly an expert .
If I use the term Gitmo , that means I 've actually been there .
If you say , " We 're going to Defcon 1 , " it means you probably have the launch codes .
Real experts do n't have time for extra syllables .
SPEAK FROM THE BALLS , NOT FROM THE DIAPHRAGM .
In the expert game , you 've got to have sack .
That means speaking with confidence .
In America , you 've got to steer clear of nuance and ambivalence - and do n't even contemplate doubt .
DON'T BE AFRAID TO MAKE THINGS UP .
Never fear being exposed as a fraud .
Experts make things up all the time .
They 're qualified to .
DON'T LIMIT YOURSELF TO CURRENT KNOWLEDGE .
If you worry too much about being up - to - date , you miss out on vast territories of obsolete knowledge just waiting to be reclaimed .
Think of leech - craft and all the lonely experts in the use of the little creatures , which are now experiencing a renaissance in health care .
GET AN HONORARY PHD .
They work wonders .
I have a doctorate in fine arts from Knox College in Illinois .
All I did was give a speech , and now everybody has to call me Dr. Colbert .
MAKE A HABIT OF NAME - DROPPING .
Say things like " I was talking to John Hockenberry yesterday for my story in Wired .
Have you seen my cover ? "
I plan to use this issue of Wired to assert that I now know everything about wires .
BE FAMOUS .
IT HELPS .
credit : Jill Greenberg
Look confident .
Act confident .
Be confident .
And when defusing a bomb , take your time .
Oh , and always cut the green wire first .
How To :
>
Intro
Be an Expert on Anything
Play
>
Take Great Photos
Turn Up Your Music
Optimize Your Web Site
Get Your Game On
Shoot Like Spielberg
Work
>
Be More Productive
Secure Your Data
Get Ahead
Work Smarter
Make Work Less Hellish
Live
>
Live Healthier
Play With Your Food
Optimize Your Digital Life
Pimp Your Ride
Save the Earth
Mention the words " maintenance programming " to a group of developers and they 'll , to a man ( or woman ) , recoil in horror .
Maintenance programming is widely viewed as janitorial work .
But maybe that 's an unfair characterization .
In Software Conflict 2.0 : The Art and Science of Software Engineering , Robert L. Glass extols the virtues of software maintenance :
Software maintenance is ...
Intellectually complex - it requires innovation while placing severe constraints on the innovator
- it requires innovation while placing severe constraints on the innovator Technically difficult - the maintainer must be able to work with a concept and a design and its code all at the same time
- the maintainer must be able to work with a concept and a design and its code all at the same time Unfair - the maintainer never gets all the things the maintainer needs , such as documentation
- the maintainer never gets all the things the maintainer needs , such as documentation No-win - the maintainer only sees people who have problems
- the maintainer only sees people who have problems Dirty work - the maintainer must work at the grubby level of detailed coding
- the maintainer must work at the grubby level of detailed coding Living in the past - the code was probably written by someone else before they got good at it
- the code was probably written by someone else before they got good at it Conservative - the going motto for maintenance is " if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it " Software maintenance is pretty complex , challenging stuff .
In most computing installations , the people who do maintenance tend to be those who are new on the job or not very good at development .
There 's a reason for that .
Most people would rather do original development ; maintenance is too constraining to the creative juices for most people to enjoy doing it .
And so by default , the least capable and the least in demand are the ones who most often do the maintenance .
The status quo is all wrong .
Maintenance is a significant intellectual challenge as well as a solution and not a problem .
If we want to maximize our effectiveness at doing it , we need to significantly change the way in which we assign people to it .
Perhaps it depends on how you look at your code .
According to Andy and Dave , all programming is maintenance programming :
Dave Thomas :
All programming is maintenance programming , because you are rarely writing original code .
If you look at the actual time you spend programming , you write a bit here and then you go back and make a change .
Or you go back and fix a bug .
Or you rip it out altogether and replace it with something else .
But you are very quickly maintaining code even if it's a brand new project with a fresh source file .
You spend most of your time in maintenance mode .
So you may as well just bite the bullet and say , " I 'm maintaining from day one . "
The disciplines that apply to maintenance should apply globally .
Andy Hunt :
It 's only the first 10 minutes that the code 's original , when you type it in the first time .
That 's it .
According to Joel Spolsky , developers are too lazy to do software maintenance :
We 're programmers .
Programmers are , in their hearts , architects , and the first thing they want to do when they get to a site is to bulldoze the place flat and build something grand .
We 're not excited by incremental renovation : tinkering , improving , planting flower beds .
There 's a subtle reason that programmers always want to throw away the code and start over .
The reason is that they think the old code is a mess .
And here is the interesting observation : they are probably wrong .
The reason that they think the old code is a mess is because of a cardinal , fundamental law of programming :
It 's harder to read code than to write it .
This is why code reuse is so hard .
This is why everybody on your team has a different function they like to use for splitting strings into arrays of strings .
They write their own function because it 's easier and more fun than figuring out how the old function works .
As a corollary of this axiom , you can ask almost any programmer today about the code they are working on .
" It 's a big hairy mess , " they will tell you .
" I 'd like nothing better than to throw it out and start over . "
I agree that most developers have an unnatural knee - jerk tendency to rewrite for the sake of rewriting .
But other than resisting this urge , I can't agree with Joel .
It 's a balancing act .
We should probably have our best developers doing software maintenance , not whoever draws the shortest straw .
I 've seen too many systems devolve into a patchwork of duct tape , spit , and a prayer .
Probably because the least experienced and least talented developers are the only ones left to do any maintenance .
At some point , you have to bite the bullet and reset the foundation so you have a stable platform to build on .
If a house 's foundation is unsound , no amount of routine maintenance is going to fix it .
Total rewrites like Mozilla and Windows NT may have taken years to get traction , but imagine where open - source browsers -- and Microsoft -- would be if they had n't ever started .
Software maintenance , like Rodney Dangerfield , gets no respect .
It 's time we changed that perception .
But do n't use maintenance as a crutch for deeper problems , either ; renovate fearlessly when the situation calls for it .
An alternative explanation for the plateau ( besides probably the start of peak oil ) runs as follows :
There is a speculative bubble going on in the oil markets .
Financial institutions ( optionally aided by too much money supply from the Fed ) are pumping money into the oil futures market and jacking up prices .
This is depressing demand and meaning that suppliers have to leave oil in the ground because there 's no customers for it , even though prices are very high .
I 've been hearing this argument with increasing frequency - it seems to be particularly beloved by OPEC ministers and oil company executives that do n't want to acknowledge peak oil , but also do n't want to be blamed for high oil prices .
One variant of it is articulated clearly over at A greek speculator 's journal .
Aspects of it have also been discussed by James Hamilton here in Contango , speculation , and the price of oil , in commenting on strange remarks by Al - Naimi , and then in the last few days in a debate in comments here .
The core issue with this storyline is well put by Professor Hamilton :
I do not share the view that speculation should be thought of as a separate force from supply and demand contributing to the price of oil .
An investment fund that today buys a September 2006 futures contract for $ 75 ( $ 3 above the current spot price of $ 72 ) will only make a profit if the spot price of oil in September turns out to be above $ 75 a barrel .
If such speculators prove to be correct and the spot price does rise from its current $ 72 to , say , $ 80 a barrel by September , that price hike would be a further factor depressing September demand and potentially increasing September supply .
Why would the September spot price be even higher than the current spot price , if users of oil in September will be buying less oil than they are now ?
According to the speculation theory , we'd have to see even more investment dollars flowing into the market in September than we are currently , causing an even bigger addition to stockpiles ( that is , the rate at which oil is added to storage must itself go up at an ever - increasing rate ) in order to compensate for the lost demand that $ 80 oil would choke off as well as to justify an even higher price than at present .
And that additional money , in turn , would supposedly be going into February 2007 contracts for $ 83 oil , in hopes that the February 2007 spot price would be even higher , say $ 85 .
All this only makes sense if one believes that investment funds will continue to pour ever - increasing sums into oil futures and an ever - increasing volume of oil gets added to inventory each month .
Since the total investment funds and physical facilities for storage are inherently finite , someone in this chain is going to find that they have irrationally thrown their money away .
I would argue that this someone is in fact the joker at square 1 who thought you could make money with a September 2006 futures contract betting against the fundamentals .
To me , a much more natural way to try to interpret this phenomenon is that the investment funds are betting not on a bigger fool to bail them out in September , but rather are trying to evaluate the September fundamentals for supply and demand .
First , let 's look at the upside .
There is currently very little spare capacity in global oil production , meaning that a supply disruption of just a few million barrels a day could easily result in a pretty impressive spike up in the spot price of oil in September .
Where might such a supply disruption come from ?
Oh , maybe Nigeria , or Iran , or Iraq , or Saudi Arabia , or Venezuela , or Russia , to name a few .
Even if the probability of such an event is low , the large payoff if it occurs could give an attractive expected rate of return -- play such a gamble over a long enough time period , and you could make out quite well , even if everything remains calm over this particular coming six months .
I agree with almost all of this ( in general my views on peak oil are quite similar to Professor Hamilton's ) .
However , one area in which I differ is that I do believe in bubbles in general , and in particular I believe that a bubble in oil market prices is a logical possibility , and it is an empirical question to decide whether or not it is happening .
Professor Hamilton is a neoclassical economist , with a strong commitment to the idea that humans always behave rationally .
That leads to the efficient markets hypothesis - the idea that markets will immediately incorporate all useful information about future events , and therefore prices will appear to move randomly ( because if future market movements were predictable , people would trade on those predictions to make money and thus cause the anticipated movement to happen immediately rather than on the anticipated future schedule ) .
I have noticed that Prof Hamilton , like other neoclassical economists , is quite resistant to calling anything a bubble .
I view the efficient market hypothesis as a frequently useful approximation because it certainly is the case that most financial market participants are very interested in enriching themselves , highly driven and motivated in this pursuit , and capable of at least some degree of rational analysis .
( As an aside , I should stress that I do not think that humanity generally is primarily driven by self - interest , but the more altruistic members of the species become social workers , nurses , and environmental activists , people driven by intellectual curiousity become professors , and so on , while the people extremely anxious to make a financial killing become investment bankers and hedge fund managers and it is the latter subspecies who 's nature mainly shows up in financial markets .
From this standpoint , the neoclassical economics professor , who spends his ( or her ) life studying and justifying the rational selfish behavior of financial market participants while himself forgoing most of the opportunity to engage in this kind of accumulation in order to educate the young and write scholarly papers , makes an interesting paradox . )
However , it is also the case that humans are a highly social species .
Psychologists and neuroscientists have shown pretty persuasively that our emotions profoundly color our judgements ( indeed emotions are critical to the process of forming a judgement - people with brain lesions that interfere with their emotional machinery are unable to perform the simplest everyday tasks because they cannot prioritize ) .
( See , for example , Antonia Damasio's fascinating book Descartes Error ) .
Furthermore , our emotions and judgements are infectious - we influence the people we talk to to share both our moods and our opinions .
Thus human judgements ( eg about market prices ) are the result of a collective social / emotional process which can undergo large scale self - organizing phenomena .
This means that it is possible for booms and busts to occur as a kind of occasional outlying anomaly in the normally more - or - less efficient operation of the market .
A wonderfully concise and jaundiced view of the phenomenon is the late J.K. Galbraith 's book A Short History of Financial Euphoria .
Galbraith 's introductory description of a bubble will serve admirably here :
The more obvious features of the speculative episode are manifestly clear to anyone open to understanding .
Some artifact or some development , seemingly new and desirable -- tulips in Holland , gold in Louisiana , real estate in Florida , the superb economic designs of Ronald Reagan -- captures the financial mind or perhaps , more accurately , what so passes .
The price of the object of speculation goes up .
Securities , land , objets d'art , and other property , when bought today , are worth more tomorrow .
This increase and the prospect attract new buyers ; the new buyers assure a further increase .
Yet more are attracted ; yet more buy ; the increase continues .
The speculation building on itself provides its own momentum .
This process once it is recognized , is clearly evident , and especially so after the fact .
So also , if more subjectively , are the basic attitudes of the participants .
These take two forms .
There are those who are persuaded that some new price - enhancing circumstance is in control , and they expect the market to stay up and go up , perhaps indefinitely .
It is adjusting to a new situation , a new world of greatly , even infinitely increasing returns and resulting values .
Then there are those , superficially more astute and generally fewer in number , who perceive or believe themselves to perceive the speculative mood of the moment .
They are in to ride the upward wave ; their particular genius , they are convinced , will allow them to get out before the speculation runs its course .
They will get the maximum reward from the increase as it continues ; they will be out before the eventual fall .
For built into this situation is the eventual and inevitable fall .
Built in also is the circumstance that it cannot come gently or gradually .
When it comes , it bears the grim face of disaster .
That is because both of the groups of participans in the speculative situation are programmed for sudden efforts at escape .
Something , it matter little what -- although it will always be much debated -- triggers the ultimate reversal .
Those who had been riding the upward wave decide now is the time to get out .
Those who thought the increase would be forever find their illusion destroyed abruptly , and they , also , respond to the newly revealed reality by selling or trying to sell .
Thus the collapse .
And thus the rule , supported by the experience of centuries : the speculative episode always ends not with a whimper but with a bang .
Here will be occcasion to see this rule frequently repeated .
So much , as I 've said , is clear .
Less understood is the mass psychology of the speculative mood .
When it is fully comprehended , it allows those so favored to save themselves from disaster .
Given the pressure of this crowd psychology , however , the saved will be the exception to a very broad and binding rule .
They will be required to resist two compelling forces : one , the powerful personal interest the develops in the euphoric belief , and the other , the pressure of public and seemingly superior financial opinion that is brought to bear on behalf of such belief .
Both stand as proof of Schiller 's dictum that the crowd converts the individual from reasonably good sense to the stupidity against which , as he also said , " the very Gods Themselves contend in vain . "
Although only a few observers have noted the vested interest in error that accompanies speculative euphoria , it is , nonetheless , an extremely plausible phenomenon .
Those involved with the speculation are experiencing an increase in wealth - - getting rich or being further enriched .
No one wishes to believe that this is fortuitous or undeserved ; all wish to think that it is the result of their own superior insight or intuition .
The very increase in values thus captures the thoughts and minds of those being rewarded .
Speculation buys up , in a very practical way , the intelligence of those involved .
Ok .
So in my mind it 's very clear that this kind of dynamicget established in the oil markets as a result of peak oil .
The question is , has it yet ?
Are we , at the moment , in Professor Hamilton 's efficient oil market world where speculators are rationally profiting from correctly anticipating constrictions in oil supply and the robustness of demand ?
Or have we made the irrevocable crossing into the delirious territory of irrational exuberance , where money can only be made as long as there are enough greater fools still wishing to rush across the river after us ?
As best I can judge , we have not yet crossed into irrational territory .
( Though I think this is something we should stay constantly on our guard about - it could easily happen in the future ) .
I will make two arguments .
The first is based on Professor Hamilton 's observation that excessive irrational speculation in oil futures would have to end up showing up in oil inventories .
Are oil inventories excessive ?
The EIA keeps publishing graphs like this one :
suggesting that stocks are anomalously high , which would seem , on the face of it , as though there is something strange and bubbly going on .
However , if we step back and take a broader ( and zero - scaled ) view , I think the effect largely goes away .
Here 's the recent history of OECD oil stocks ( which are the only ones for which data are compiled as far as I know ) .
Breakdown of OECD stocks from Jan 2001 - Jan 2006 .
Source : Table 1.5 of EIA IPM ( May 2006 ) .
We can see that there has been some increase in inventories during the recent price run-up ( which started at the bottom on Nov 15th 2001 ) , but it does n't seem too enormous given the excess geopolitical risks that the market is now facing ) .
In fact , looked at another way , there is really no increase at all .
We would expect the amount of stocks oil consumers hold to grow over time because the amount of oil being used is growing over time .
Thus to maintain the same number of days supply ( to provide a fixed level of security against logistical or geopolitical disruptions ) , the physical amount of oil in stocks must grow over the years .
And if we look at the number of days supply , there has been no significant trend of increasing stocks at all :
I did it two ways .
One ( the upper , plum , curve ) was to divide OECD stocks by OECD oil consumption ( on the view that the stocks are essentially inventory for those country 's consumption ) .
The other is to divide OECD stocks by global production ( on the theory that the OECD -- especially via IEA mechanisms -- is holding stocks with a view to stabilizing the entire global oil market ) .
That gives the lower , green , curve .
Either way , the curves have no real trend and current values are not abnormal relative to the entire history of the price run-up .
If there was an irrational bubble , we might expect these curves to be trending upwards , probably at an increasing rate .
Another possibility is that speculators are not holding claims against oil in the storage system that the EIA tracks , but instead are holding the oil in their own facilities which are not counted as stocks , thus meaning the stocks are under -reported .
There are news reports of investment banks buying warehouses to put oil in .
However , while this is clearly happening on some scale , this cannot be any part of the explanation for the production plateau - such oil if it is not counted as stocks must be being counted as sales to final customers , and therefore is adding to demand for physical oil ( not depressing it ) .
The hedge fund warehouse is directly in competition with the consumer gas - tank for the ( non-increasing ) amount of oil the producers are able to ship .
My second argument against the idea that there is an oil market bubble at present derives from the work of Didier Sornette and his collaborators .
Sornette comes from a background in physics studying sudden ruptures in materials , but has increasingly applied physical techniques of statistical mechanics to financial markets , in particular to bubbles and crashes ( a crash in a market being somewhat analagous to a sudden rupture in a strained physical material ) .
Long ago , I knew quite a lot of statistical mechanics so I have been able to understand some of Sornette 's papers , and book Why Stock Markets Crash : Critical Events in Complex Financial Systems , which I highly recommend .
However , in the interests of keeping an already long post from getting too much longer , I am going to leave a fuller treatment to some future occasion .
At the moment I will just observe that one of the signatures Sornette has identified of a bubble in the making is that the rate of growth in the price of the asset is growing faster than exponential .
This happens roughly because the positive feedback process inherent in the bubble draws in more and more buyers and causes prices to go up faster and faster .
If we plot the log of price against time , a non -bubbly exponential price rise will be a straight line .
However , a bubbly situation will lead to a log - price line that is curving up .
Let me illustrate with some examples from a paper Is There a Real - Estate Bubble in the US ?
which Zhou and Sornette wrote last year which predicted that the US housing bubble would end around now ( largely successfully , I would say - they also earlier successfully identified the end of the UK housing bubble ) .
The paper identifies some states with markets that were not bubbly :
House price indexes for non -bubbly US states .
This is Figure 3 of Zhou and Sornette , Is There a Real - Estate Bubble in the US ?.
As you can see , these states have straight line growth in their log -prices .
These states are largely those that Paul Krugman memorably described as Flatland :
In Flatland , which occupies the middle of the country , it 's easy to build houses .
When the demand for houses rises , Flatland metropolitan areas , which do n't really have traditional downtowns , just sprawl some more .
As a result , housing prices are basically determined by the cost of construction .
In Flatland , a housing bubble can't even get started .
Other states , however , Zhou and Sornette identified as bubbly because the log - price graph curves upwards :
House price indexes for bubbly US states .
This is Figure 5 of Zhou and Sornette , Is There a Real - Estate Bubble in the US ?.
These states correspond roughly to what Krugman called " The Zoned Zone " :
But in the Zoned Zone , which lies along the coasts , a combination of high population density and land - use restrictions -- hence '' zoned ' ' -- makes it hard to build new houses .
So when people become willing to spend more on houses , say because of a fall in mortgage rates , some houses get built , but the prices of existing houses also go up .
And if people think that prices will continue to rise , they become willing to spend even more , driving prices still higher , and so on .
In other words , the Zoned Zone is prone to housing bubbles .
So it would seem , according to Sornette 's methodology .
Anyway , looked at with that lens , how does oil look ?
Here 's a quick and dirty way to assess it :
Log ( base 2 ) of West Texas Intermediate spot price in nominal US dollars Jan 2000 - Jun 20th , 2006 , together with linear and quadratic fits to the data from Nov 15th , 2001 onwards ( the low before the recent price run - up ) .
On this scale , 4 is $ 16 , 5 is $ 32 , and 6 is $ 64 .
Graph is not zero - scaled .
Source : EIA .
The graph above shows the log spot price of WTI from Jan 2000 to June 20th of this year .
( I used log base 2 because I find it a little easier to figure out what the numbers mean than natural logs , and logs base 10 do n't have any useful dividers between $ 10 and $ 100 ) I have taken the start of the price rise as November 15th 2001 which is when prices bottomed out after the tech crash and the events of 9/11 .
To that price rise I fit both a linear trend , and a quadratic .
To the extent the price was curving up in a bubblicious manner , we would expect the quadratic to depart markedly from the straight line .
It elects not to do so - the two are very close .
Thus we see that although there is considerable volatility in the price ( and the pattern of that is worth further analysis in the future ) the price rise is very much exponential in nature .
So I take this as further evidence that we do not have a self - reinforcing bubble .
At least not yet .
Correction Appended
EVEN in his sleep , Stever Robbins , an executive adviser , could not escape his e-mail .
" I was buried under a pile of e-mail , " Mr. Robbins , 41 , said .
" I can't remember ever having a nightmare .
For my first nightmare to be about e-mail , that was pathetic . "
In his waking life , at the consulting company where he worked , Mr. Robbins sometimes had to troll through 120 e-mail messages a day , many of them from his boss .
" By the time I got done triaging the e-mail , I did n't have energy to do the rest of the work , " Mr. Robbins said .
So Mr. Robbins sent his boss and colleagues a series of recommendations about changing their e-mail ways .
When the suggestions were ignored , Mr. Robbins quit his job and went into business for himself , helping executives improve their job performance .
High on his list of priorities was helping them wrestle down their e-mail .
" I quit my job because of the stress , and it had almost everything to do with e-mail , " he said .
It was not so long ago that e-mail dashed around the world with abundant good cheer , prompting people to race to the keyboard with anticipation , punctuate their sign - offs with smiley faces or TTYL ( talk to you later ) and express general wonderment at how life was ever lived before the in - box was invented .
A scientific view of our inner experiences
Science has profoundly changed the way we view reality , but there is so much more waiting to be discovered .
A more complete understanding of our world requires a more advanced set of tools and practices .
IONS uses scientific exploration and personal discovery to push beyond the current limits of human knowledge .
404 - Not Found
The page you 're attempting to view was not found on our server .
« Return to Home Page
When the neocons launched the Bush administration ’s invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq and announced plans for invading Syria and Iran , I labeled Bush , Cheney , Rumsfeld , Wolfowitz , and Rice " the Five Morons . "
With the passage of time , I see that I overestimated their mental capabilities .
The " cakewalk " war has now lasted longer than World War II with Nazi Germany , and no end is in sight .
It has cost the U.S. taxpayers $ 310 billion in out - of - pocket costs , with many additional hundreds of billions coming due in veterans ’ medical bills and other expenses yet to be paid .
To carry on this pointless war , which has achieved nothing but death , destruction , and hatred of America , Bush has had to call up inactive reserves who long ago completed their active - duty service to their country and have managed to get on with their lives .
It is well known that the older one gets the harder it is to find employment or the energy to restart a mothballed business .
But Bush is too busy saving us from terrorism to care about people ’s lives .
Despite the lack of U.S. troops and Bush ’s inability to prevail in Afghanistan and Iraq , neocons in Bush ’s government are working around the clock to instigate war with Iran and Syria .
I thought that I had Rumsfeld pegged as the complete dolt , but I was stunned when I read Associated Press reporter Robert Burns ’ account of what Rumsfeld told 200 Navy aviators in a question and answer session at Fallon Naval Air Station on Aug. 28 .
" The thing that keeps me up at night , " said Rumsfeld , is the success of terrorist groups in " manipulating the media . "
Rumsfeld told the pilots that terrorists " are actively manipulating the media in this country " by falsely blaming U.S. troops for civilian deaths in Iraq and Afghanistan .
All that " collateral damage " we hear about , the tens of thousands of dead and maimed civilians , is just terrorist propaganda .
" The enemy lies constantly and with impunity .
The enemy is so much better at communicating . "
Rumsfeld made similar remarks to the Veterans of Foreign Wars convention in Reno , Nevada , where he was presented the Dwight D. Eisenhower Distinguished Service Award .
Eisenhower must be rolling over in his grave .
Now I get it .
When Fox News ’ Sean Hannity and Bill O’Reilly assured us that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction that would be used against us if we did n’t strike first , they were being manipulated by Osama bin Laden , who used America to get rid of the secular Saddam Hussein and to create a new training and recruitment ground for al - Qaeda and fundamentalist fanatics .
When the New York Times let Judith Miller serve as a propagandist for war with Iraq , the Times was being manipulated by Muslim terrorists , not by neocons .
When CNN and columnists like Ann Coulter and Michelle Malkin reassure us that we will win the war unless we pull out prematurely , they are being manipulated by terrorists .
Finally I understand what the Weekly Standard , National Review , the Wall Street Journal editorial page , the American Enterprise Institute , and the online site FrontPageMag are all about .
The terrorists are so clever at manipulation that Americans cannot perceive that we have been sucked deep into a war that is creating the Islamic fundamentalism we so desperately fear .
Obviously , I misjudged Rumsfeld ’s intelligence .
Anyone who can figure out the Muslim conspiracy is off the charts .
What I can’t figure is why Rumsfeld is willing for America to continue to be sucked in .
Do n’t tell me that terrorists are manipulating Rumsfeld , too !
I keep waiting for the money appeal from AIPAC .
I already know what it is going to say : " Although AIPAC is undisputedly the most powerful lobby in America and can determine with impunity the fate of every elected official , we cannot match the terrorists ’ ability to manipulate the media .
Polls show that terrorists ’ manipulation of the U.S. media is causing American support for the war to dwindle away .
Please send more millions to counter the terrorists ’ control of the American media .
We are winning in the Middle East but losing at home . "
One of the lessons one learns in life is that things are not always what they seem to be .
Before I watched Stephen Walt and John Mearsheimer ’s National Press Club broadcast on C - SPAN ( Aug. 28 ) , I regarded AIPAC as Israel ’s friend and promoter .
Now I realize that I was wrong .
As the two distinguished professors made perfectly clear , anyone who cares about the survival of Israel should scorn the bribes , threats , and blandishments of AIPAC .
AIPAC led the Israeli government onto a path where diplomacy is no longer a tool that Israel can use .
Instead , Israel relies on Mao ’s dictum that " power comes out of the barrel of a gun , " or from a bulldozer that knocks down Palestinians ’ homes , uproots their olive groves , and enrages Muslims at Israel ’s inhumanity .
Backed into a corner with no tool but violence , Israel faces hundreds of millions of increasingly angry Muslims .
If Bush were a true friend of Israel , he would never have let Israel again destroy Lebanon , this time under the pretext of striking at Hezbollah .
AIPAC and Bush have allowed , or caused , Israel to do itself so much damage in the eyes of Muslims and the wider world that a peaceful resolution in the Middle East is no longer in people ’s thoughts .
With the mighty U.S. military checked in Iraq by a handful of Sunnis , and the mighty Israeli army checked in Lebanon by a handful of Hezbollah , violence is unlikely to settle the matter in a way that neocons in the U.S. and hardliners in Israel would like .
The only hope is that Bush and Olmert miraculously turn into grown men , admit their mistakes , apologize , send reparations , and commit to winning acceptance of Israel and America based on their good behavior .
It would be nice to see in operation some of the superior morality that the two claim .
Considering their extraordinary hubris and self - righteousness , nothing like this can possibly happen .
Israel , the U.S. , and the Muslim world will continue to bleed .
People , on the other hand , are anything but straightforward .
They dissemble , evade and lie - even to themselves .
They confuse what they want to be true with what they know to be true .
A person who does not contradict himself or herself is a bore , an ideologue or both .
To fit people into a bigger picture , you must first change their shape .
With just one week to go before the midterm elections , the polls speak with one voice .
The Republicans are heading for resounding defeat .
A Pew research poll released late last week shows the Democrats with a double - digit lead among likely voters in the crucial competitive districts .
The Democrats need 15 seats to retake the House of Representatives and six to win the Senate .
In the 131 House seats where John Kerry mustered only 40 - 49 % of the vote two years ago , Democrats now have a lead of about 5 % .
They are ahead among men , whites , suburbanites , southerners and rural voters , all groups in which they trailed heavily in 2004 .
Independents now favour Democrats by 16 % ; four years ago it was just 3 % .
The Republicans are favoured for dealing with terrorism , North Korea and immigration .
On everything else , including Iraq , the economy , healthcare , morality and taxes , the Democrats are ahead .
Even the Republicans ' most faithful supporters are rapidly losing confidence in the administration 's strategy on Iraq .
Almost half of white evangelical Protestants believe the US should set a timetable for withdrawal - a 40 % hike in just two months .
If the pollsters are correct , the US is set for a transformation on a scale somewhere between the Gingrich revolution of 1994 , the last Republican legislative revival , and the Blair landslide of 1997 .
Republicans are about to be crushed by a series of meteorological metaphors - tsunamis , floods and hurricanes are poised to descend on the US electoral landscape with devastating effect .
But , to hear the people talk , you would think the country was in store for little more than grey skies with a chance of rain .
Many voters in key districts in the midwest say they are undecided or just plain uninterested .
Ask them what will swing it for them and they shrug .
The big issues , they say , are Iraq and something else - usually healthcare , the economy or social security .
Hurricane Katrina , corruption and terrorism never come up .
They will answer questions about the election if you ask them , but it rarely seems to have been on their minds before you interrupted .
Even big regional papers , such as the Chicago Tribune , are more focused on the races for local and state office ( if indeed they are looking at politics at all ) than the national scene .
The issues people say are important are national but for the most part the voters insist on a local remedy .
" I 'll vote for the man not the party , " they say .
And which man do they like best ?
They 're not sure .
Take Barbara , a " staunch Democrat " , who lives in Chicago 's suburbs , in one of the most hotly contested districts in the country , and voted for Bush in 2000 .
She is opposed to the war , but she is not yet sure whether she will vote for Democratic candidate Tammy Duckworth , the Iraq war veteran who lost her leg in the conflict .
" I do n't have any real feelings about her one way or another , " she says .
What will swing it for Barbara ?
" I do n't know .
Something will hit me . "
The Democrats do seem more determined ; those who voted for Bush in the last election are having second thoughts about both him and his party .
But you come away with a sense that this could end up resembling Kerry 's defeat in 2004 or John Major 's victory in 1992 .
None the less , two common strands do tie the people and the polls .
First , the American public has concluded that the Iraq war has been an abject failure and wants the troops to come home .
In 1999 , George Bush Sr explained why he did n't move on to Baghdad after the first Gulf war .
" Whose life would be on my hands as the commander - in - chief because I , unilaterally , went beyond international law , went beyond the stated mission and said , ' We 're going to show our macho ?
We 're going to be into Baghdad .
We 're going to be an occupying power - America in an Arab land - with no allies at our side . '
It would have been disastrous . "
This accurately describes his son's actions and , more importantly , the way they are commonly understood .
The principle determinant of American support for any military intervention is not whether it is right or wrong but whether people think it will be successful .
For the past three years Bush has been telling anyone who would listen that the only option was to " stay the course " .
So long as people thought things were going well , they backed him .
With US casualties rising and talk of civil war no longer taboo , the mood has soured .
Last week he said that staying the course had never been his strategy .
He refused to set a timetable but instead referred to " benchmarks " .
This may be one semantic illusion too many .
They now fear that , having lied his way into it , he will lie his way out of it .
The second is that , largely as a result of the war , Bush has become a political liability .
Attempts to pass this off as midterm blues simply do not wash .
Six years into Clinton 's presidency in 1998 - after the Lewinsky scandal had broken - the Democrats picked up five seats .
In Reagan 's sixth year , Republicans once again lost just five .
In 2004 Bush stood not for president but for commander - in - chief - the war leader .
He called himself " the decider " - a man of principle and determination who checked his gut before he checked the polls .
Unlike Kerry , the " flip - flopper " , he would stand his ground when times were hard .
" The greatest thing about this man is he 's steady , " said comedian Stephen Colbert in a now famous parody before the White House correspondents ' dinner in May .
" You know where he stands .
He believes the same thing on Wednesday that he believed on Monday , no matter what happened Tuesday .
Events can change ; this man 's beliefs never will . "
With Bush 's approval ratings stuck in the high 30s and low 40s since Katrina , Democrats run ads tarring their opponents by association with the president .
One ad in Colorado shows Republican Rick O'Donnell standing alongside Bush , and warns that a vote for O'Donnell means " another vote for George Bush 's agenda " .
Meanwhile , many Republicans are desperate to distance themselves from him .
" George Bush is not a message I want to talk about , " struggling Indiana congressman John Hostettler told the Chicago Tribune recently .
Quite what impact this will have on the elections on November 7 is not quite clear .
Bush is n't on the ballot and the House of Representatives could not recall the troops even if it wanted to .
The fact that Americans want to change course at home as well as abroad does not mean that they want to follow the Democratic course - even if they knew what it was .
People are complicated .
And the only poll that matters has not yet taken place .
g.younge@theguardian.com
Mass Media
Funk is a commentary on mass media stories about the scientific , the paranormal , the supernatural , and anything else that yanks at my eyebrows .
47
December 7 , 2005 .
Update on Paul Mirecki .
He was attacked by two white men in their thirties who made reference to his Internet insults of Christian fundamentalists .
December 1 , 2005 .
Update on class in ID mythology at UK : Class cancelled .
It seems that Paul Mirecki , the head of the Religious Studies Department , had designed the class primarily to insult " fundies , " as he referred to fundamentalist Christians in an e-mail .
" This will be a nice slap in their big fat face by teaching it as a religious studies class under the category mythology , " Mirecki wrote .
KU Chancellor Robert Hemenway called Mirecki's words " repugnant and vile . "
Twenty - five students had signed up for the course .
Mirecki , who is the faculty adviser to the KU Society of Open - Minded Atheists and Agnostics , also made sarcastic comments about conservative Jews and Catholics .
He apologized and asked forgiveness from those he might have offended .
Pat Robertson has asked for Mirecki's head and has warned Kansas that if anything bad happens there , they can blame Mirecki for bringing down the wrath of God upon them .
November 22 , 2005 .
" Intelligent Design , Creationism and other Religious Mythologies " is the title of a new course to be offered by the religious studies department at the University of Kansas next term .
The course is in response to the recent vote by the Kansas state Board of Education , which adopted new science teaching standards that treat evolution as a flawed theory and intelligent design as an alternative flaw .
November 5 , 2005 .
There are very few certainties in this life but one of them seems to be that if the government calls a law The Clean Air Act the air will probably get dirtier .
Anything called The Tort Reform Act or Class Action Fairness
Act is unlikely to have any interest in tort reform and is probably designed to protect corporations from being sued while protecting the right of corporations to sue as they see fit . *
So , what are we to make of a bill called The Fairness in Asbestos Injury Resolution Act ( the FAIR Act - - is n't that clever ? ) ?
The bill is sponsored by Patrick Leahy , the highest ranking Democrat in the Senate , and Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Arlen Specter .
Is this bill just a fancy way of pretending to help the victims of years of abuse by mining companies while actually making sure that those companies do n't get sued too badly for all their wrongdoing ?
Many people in Libby , Montana , seem to think so .
The Fairness in Asbestos Injury Resolution
Act establishes a $ 140 billion privately financed trust fund that would compensate asbestos claimants who agree to give up their right to sue .
That sounds like a lot of money , but the extent of the asbestos poisoning is so vast that even that huge amount would n't begin to pay for the damage that has been done over the past forty years .
The bill also caps liability for companies that made or sold products containing asbestos .
Companies routinely declare bankruptcy to avoid having to pay out huge settlements because of lawsuits .
To avoid paying out on asbestos claims scores of U.S. companies have filed for bankruptcy .*
More than 250,000 asbestos - related suits have been filed against just one company , W. R. Grace & Co. *
The company has closed its mine in Libby and has declared bankruptcy , restructured itself , and continues to make about $ 1.4 billion in sales per year .
Last February , W.R. Grace & Co. and seven current or former executives were indicted in federal court in Missoula , Montana , for breaking environmental laws and conspiring to cover up what the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) has described as the biggest environmental disaster to human health it has ever faced .
According to the EPA ,
W.R. Grace and its executives , as far back as the 1970's , attempted to hide the fact that toxic asbestos was present in vermiculite products at the company 's Libby , Montana plant .
The grand jury charged the defendants with conspiring to conceal information about the hazardous nature of the company 's asbestos contaminated vermiculite products , obstructing the government 's clean - up efforts , and wire fraud .
To date , according to the indictment , approximately 1,200 residents [ out of a population of about 3,000 ] of Libby have been identified as suffering from some kind of asbestos - related abnormality .
A mortality review , which compared death rates for residents of the Libby area with those in Montana and the United States for selected diseases associated with exposure to asbestos found that for the 20 - year period examined ( 1979 - 1998 ) mortality from asbestosis was approximately 40 times higher than the rest of Montana and 60 times higher than the rest of the United States . *
Another report claims that asbestos from the now - closed vermiculite mine on a mountain near Libby has killed 192 people and left at least 375 with fatal diseases .
Thousands more who live or grew up in Libby are expected to die from asbestos - related diseases in the coming decades . *
The asbestos fibers contaminated not only workers at the mine , but also their families when they brought home the asbestos fibers on their clothing and in their hair .
Even local ball fields and an athletic track were contaminated from fallout and fill .
Grace shipped its asbestos contaminated vermiculite , called Zonolite® Attic Insulation , to 42 states .
The product is in the walls and attics of millions of American homes .
( Note : not all vermiculite is contaminated with asbestos . *)
Our government has responded by protecting the ones who made and shipped the Zonolite® when it should be trying to protect the millions of people who are affected by it every day : firefighters , plumbers , construction workers doing remodels or demolition , and so on , not to mention all the people living in those homes .
Our government wo n't even spend a few bucks to notify us of the problem .
The EPA had planned to put notices in hardware stores across the country and have representatives go on talk shows to spread the word about the potential dangers of Zonolite .
They 've been ordered to do no more than post some information on their website .
To find out about the asbestos danger , we have to see a movie with John Travolta ( " A Civil Action " ) , read a newspaper , watch " Nightline " , stumble upon some blogger 's site , or go to the EPA 's web page on vermiculite .
The worst thing you can do if you suspect you have Zonolite insulation is to try to remove it yourself .
To do so could be hazardous to your health .
The EPA recommends the following :
If possible , leave the insulation undisturbed .
Asbestos fibers will not become airborne if the insulation is well contained .
If the vermiculite is sealed behind wallboards and floorboards or is isolated in an attic that is vented outside , the best approach to avoid exposure to asbestos is to keep the vermiculite in place .
If a ventilation system within the attic disturbs the material , it may be appropriate to have the air tested in your home .
Until there are better methods to analyze for asbestos in vermiculite , and to know what that means in terms of risk , it is best to assume the material may contain asbestos .
If you decide to remove the vermiculite home insulation , use accredited , licensed asbestos removal professionals .
Use of a " negative pressure enclosure " technique will prevent asbestos fibers and dust from escaping from the attic into the rest of the home .
Do not attempt to do this yourself .
You could spread asbestos fibers throughout your home , putting you and your family at risk of inhaling asbestos fibers .
( EPA )
Last June President Bush responded by appointing lawyer and engineer Granta Y. Nakayama as head of the Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assurance ( OECA ) , the enforcement division of the EPA .
At the time of his appointment , Nakayama was serving as a " Partner for Environmental Law and Product Safety " at Kirkland & Ellis , a law firm in Washington , DC , that is representing Grace in its troubles with the federal government .
The Senate confirmed Nakayama on July 29 , 2005 .
Nakayama 's law firm helped Grace file for bankruptcy and restructure so it could continue in business .
In January , in his state of the union address , Bush forewarned us : " Justice is distorted , and our economy is held back by irresponsible class - actions and frivolous asbestos claims -- and I urge Congress to pass legal reforms this year . "
Is a translation needed ?
The " Nightline " report was especially disturbing .
The evidence is strong that the executives at Grace knew about the dangers of their product as far back as the 1960s , even before they bought the vermiculite mine in Libby .
They suppressed evidence not only about their product but about the health of their employees .
For more than thirty years they knowingly sent out a dangerous product that would be used in somewhere between 15 and 30 million homes across America .
True patriots , these fellows .
And true patriots the politicians who are stepping in the protect such kinds from suffering serious financial consequences for their assault secret attack upon millions of Americans .
Grace 's company slogan is " Enriching Lives , Everywhere . "
further reading
W.R. Grace acquitted in Montana asbestos case ( " A jury Friday acquitted W.R. Grace & Company and three of its former executives of having knowingly exposed mine workers and residents of Libby , Montana , to asbestos ....
Federal prosecutors had accused the mining company and its executives of exposing Libby 's 100,000 residents to asbestos for decades , resulting in more than 200 deaths and 1,000 illnesses .
The product covered patches of grass , dusted the tops of cars and drifted through the air in a hazy smoke that became a part of residents ' daily lives . "
The indictment said W.R. Grace tried to " defraud the United States and others by impairing , impeding , and frustrating " the Environmental Protection Agency and other government agencies once they launched an investigation in 1999 . )
: June 21 , 2009 .
Asbestos emergency declared in Libby , Montana ( " The EPA declared a public health emergency in Libby , Mont. , after decades of asbestos - related diseases and deaths in the tiny community .
Hundreds of people there have died and thousands have been sickened by a poisonous legacy of mining .
W.R. Grace & Co. and its officials were acquitted in May of charges that officials knowingly concealed the dangers of mining asbestos - contaminated vermiculite .
The company supplied more than 70 % of U.S. vermiculite , a mineral used for insulation , from 1919 to 1990 . " )
: September 25 , 2009 .
Mesothelioma Risk Reduction : Asbestos Cleanup Underway at Montana Golf Course " Work crews garbed in white protective suits and filtered breathing masks are digging up substantial amounts of topsoil polluted with the mineral vermiculite from part of a golf course near the small town of Libby , Montana .
While the older portion of the course is undergoing an extensive decontamination operation , investigators have not detected any problems on the newer part of the course at the Cabinet View Country Club . "
October 28 , 2005 .
" Behe Disproves Irreducible Complexity " is the title of an article recommended by Bill Rozell .
Ed , who evaluates Behe 's testimony in the Dover trial , comments on Behe 's responses to cross-examination from Mr. Rothschild regarding Behe 's paper ( with David Snoke ) " Simulating Evolution by Gene Duplication of Protein Feature that Requires Multiple Amino Acid Residues " :
In other words , even under the most absurd and other - worldly assumptions to make it as hard as possible , even while ruling out the most powerful sources of genetic variation , an irreducibly complex new trait requiring multiple unselected mutations can evolve within 20,000 years .
And if you use more realistic population figures , in considerably less time than that .
It sounds to me like this is a heck of an argument against irreducible complexity , not for it .
The paper in question is one that William Dembski declared " may well be the nail in the coffin [ and ] the crumbling of the Berlin wall of Darwinian evolution . "
So much for prophecy by pious frauds who mislead the faithful into thinking intelligent design is new , scientific , and contrary to evolution , when it is an old philosophical argument that can be reasonably accommodated to the scientific theory of natural selection .
For an alternative view on the societal effects of believing in a creation story that conflicts with natural selection see " Cross - National Correlations of Quantifiable Societal Health with Popular Religiosity and Secularism in the Prosperous Democracies " from the Journal of Religion & Society .
September 27 , 2005 .
The Skeptic 's Dictionary was featured on our local public radio station , KXJZ .
Listen to the interview before it vanishes into cyberspace .
September 15 , 2005 .
The lawsuit against the Dover Area School Board for requiring biology teachers to present " intelligent design " as an alternative to the scientific theory of evolution will move forward .
U.S. District Judge John E. Jones III denied Dover 's request for summary judgment to throw out the case filed against the district by 11 parents over the intelligent design requirement .
The trial is scheduled to begin Sept. 26 in Harrisburg federal court .
In other court action , a federal judge declared the reciting of the Pledge of Allegiance with the words " under God " in public schools unconstitutional .
U.S. District Judge Lawrence Karlton ruled that the pledge 's reference to one nation " under God " violates schoolchildren 's right to be " free from a coercive requirement to affirm God . "
Karlton said he was bound by precedent of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , which in 2002 ruled in favor of Michael Newdow that the pledge is unconstitutional when recited in public schools .
September 11 , 2005 .
Today might be a good day to reflect on the key findings of the 9/11 Commission , including this one : " There was no operational link between al - Qaeda and ousted Iraqi President Saddam Hussein . "
Today , like any day , is also a good day to reflect on how quickly lives can be turned around by forces great and small over which we have no control .
We 're all aware of what Hurricane Katrina has wrought .
Every day , countless others have their lives irreversibly altered as well .
Last Friday , I opened up iTunes to download the latest Skepticality program and found a short message from co-host Swoopy .
Derek Colanduno complained of a headache , got very ill , and was rushed to the hospital where it was determined that there was bleeding in his brain .
His prognosis is uncertain .
For those of you who do n't know of Derek , he co-hosts Skepticality , a podcast devoted to reality - based programming .
For those who want their science and thinking straight , rather than diluted by appeals to faith , wishful thinking , and other assorted cognitive illusions , Skepticality is for you .
Obviously , the show will be on hiatus until the full extent of Derek 's condition is known , which may not be for several weeks .
If good will could cure , Derek would be back broadcasting tonight .
Swoopy has been keeping his many friends and admirers informed of Derek 's condition on their website .
September 8 , 2005 .
President George W. Bush has declared a national day of prayer for the Hurricane Katrina victims .
Is n't it about time to move from a faith - based agenda to one that is reality - based ?
September 5 , 2005 .
The Australian Skeptics announced the winner of their annual Bent Spoon Award about three weeks ago .
Good news travels slowly , I guess .
Every year since 1982 , Australian Skeptics has awarded the prestigious Bent Spoon Trophy to the organisation or person who has been deemed to have been the " perpetrator of the most preposterous piece of paranormal or pseudoscientific piffle " in Australia during the preceding twelve months
As this award was designed to rival the Nobels , the Miles Franklins , the Oscars and the Ernies in its impact on public awareness , hardly any expense was spared in the construction of the trophy .
A piece of timber , which we had no reason to doubt was an off cut of gopher wood from the Ark construction site , was polished to a high gloss and thereupon was affixed a spoon , which , rumour suggests , may have been used at the Last Supper .
The spoon , having been tastefully bent into a graceful curve , by energies that are , we suspect , unknown to science , is plated with gold by means of a deposition process long thought lost with the submergence of Atlantis .
Previous winners have included Jasmuheen , the lady who lives only on light , the Complementary Healthcare Council of Australia , Australia 's best - ever touring car driver , Peter Brock , the producers of the ABC television series " The New Inventors " , and journalist Mike Willessee ( the only person to be honoured with both a Bent Spoon Award and a Skeptical Journalism prize , although not in the same year ) .
In 2005 , Australian Skeptics is both proud and saddened to announce that the winner is yet another ABC television series , Second Opinion .
Each week this show presents an uncritical ( and even encouraging ) look at an aspect of alternative medicine , usually at the less scientific and more quacky end of the spectrum .
It is significant to note that the program received the highest number of Bent Spoon nominations since the award was instigated .
As is the usual practice , the winners have been notified by telepathy and are invited to collect their trophy by paranormal means .
For more information please contact Barry Williams editor@skeptics.com.au ( 02 ) 9417 2071 www.skeptics.com.au
August 29 , 2005 .
Think it 's possible to teleport a human being like they do on Star Trek ?
the computing - encoding of the entire contents of a human body would require 10 to the 28th ( the number one followed by 28 zeroes ) kilobytes of computer storage capacity .
It would take 100 quintillion of the world 's best commercially available hard drives " to store the encoded information of just one human being . "
Also , " it will take more than 2,400 times the present age of the universe ( about 13 billion years ) to access this amount of data " from the computers ... " to heat up and dematerialize one human being would require . .. the energy equivalent of 330 one - megaton thermonuclear bombs . "
Yet , our Air Force has spent tax dollars investigating such a device .
August 20 , 2005 .
The 14th and 15th meetings of the Skeptics ' Circle are up .
August 15 , 2005 .
A company called Authentic Entertainment is making a film about the life of Edgar Cayce for the History Channel .
The working title is " The Other Nostradamus . "
Sounds authentic to me .
Stuart Chait , a producer of the program , said the film " will examine the effects of Cayce 's work on history . "
Does that mean he will examine the effect of Cayce on gullibility and the increasing retreat into irrationality and magical thinking that beguiles our age ?
Mr. Chait should consider doing a program on Emma King .
He could call it " The Other Jon Edward " and he could examine the effects of King on history .
Emma King is from Glenrothes in Fife , Scotland .
She calls herself " one of the United Kingdom 's most gifted psychic mediums . "
( What other kind of medium is there ? )
The Galway ( Ireland ) Advertiser announced that she 's going to set up a school for the psychic arts in Galway where she will teach such things as " creating harmony in your life , better awareness and understanding , dowsing , dream analysis , clairvoyance , numerology , tarot , psychometry and mediumship . "
Students who finish the course get a Diploma in Psychic Development and will be fully qualified to expostulate on the joys of magical thinking and self - deception .
King is the president of the Scottish Psychic and Medium Society .
For such an eminent psychic there is precious little information about her on the Internet .
I found a post from The Skeptic ( UK ) Digest that mentions King and claims that it costs £ 544 ( $ 983 ) to take her psychic development course .
It seems she 's offered her psychic course in Glasgow , Dunfermline , and Edinburgh .
According to The Scotsman , King is a 50 year - old mother of four and fishes competitively for Scotland .
update : Read about Emma 's first graduating class !
Web skepdic.com
