For those who dug our recent piece on UC Berkeley 's 59 courses available on iTunes , here 's another little item for you .
Susan Stuart , a lecturer at the University of Glasgow , recently taught a course on the epistemology ( or theory of knowledge ) of the great German philosopher , Immanuel Kant .
And figuring that it might help her students if she recorded these lectures , she put on a lapel mic and did her thing .
Then , as fate would have it , her lectures were loaded onto iTunes ( iTunes - rss feed - web site ) and , not unlike Lars Brownworth 's lectures on the Byzantine World , they went viral and became iTunes ' # 1 educational podcast for a while .
The recordings have a homegrown feel to them .
But they get the job done if you 're up for grappling with Kant 's difficult but foundational philosophy .
If you want more information on these podcasts , here 's the written preface that comes along with the taped course .
" Kant wrote extensively on all major topics of intellectual interest .
In terms of the publication of major texts his most prolific period was 1781 to 1790 .
In the domains of epistemology and metaphysics he published the Critique of Pure Reason in 1781 , with a second edition in 1787 .
In the domain of ethics he published the Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals in 1785 and the Critique of Practical Reason in 1788 .
In the domain of asthetics he presented his theory in 1790 in the form of the Critique of Judgment .
As a form of shorthand the three Critiques are known as the First , Second , and Third , respectively .
In the first Critique Kant deals with how we come to understand our world ; in the second Critique he deals with practical reason and how we act in our world ; and in the third Critique he attempts to show a systematic connection between the first two .
So , the first deals with how we think about our sensible world , the second deals with how we act in it , and the third supplies a link between the two in terms of felt judgement .
In the first he draws together our inner experience with our necessary perception of an external world .
He combines perception and understanding through the application of the productive imagination in such a way as to make judgements possible .
He links the First and the Third Critiques by arguing that aesthetic judgments , that is , judgements about what is beautiful or sublime , derive from our determination to impose order on our sensory experience .
Thus , aesthetics is just like mathematics : it attempts to find unity in experience .
So , each of the Critiques is concerned with judgement , judgements of reason , moral judgements , and aesthetic judgements . "
See our complete list of university podcasts here , and our larger podcast collection here .
Like the banners condemning hate and the chalked peace signs on sidewalks , the makeshift scarecrow that stands on the tree - lined Guilford College campus is a testament to the trauma gripping this small Quaker school , as well its determination to heal .
With a mop for hair and a cardboard - box face , the scarecrow wears a sign inviting students to " Write the definition of community . "
Pinned to the corkboard hanging around its neck are scraps of paper with words like " Tolerance , " " Accepting of all , " and " Well - being . "
The community scarecrow , as it's called , was erected last week by students after at least five members of the school 's football team were accused of attacking three Palestinian students .
According to court documents , the players allegedly beat the students with feet , fists , and brass knuckles , while calling them " terrorists " and racial epithets .
This coming week , the FBI and local prosecutors will begin interviewing football players .
They 'll also interview the three alleged victims .
Five of the football players have already been charged with assault and battery , as well as " ethnic intimidation , " North Carolina 's formal name for its hate - crimes law .
The FBI is also investigating whether the Palestinian students ' civil rights were violated .
The altercation shocked the campus and the surrounding community – in no small measure because Guilford is dedicated to core Quaker values like diversity , integrity , and community .
It also has a long history of recruiting Palestinians from the Friends Schools in the West Bank , offering them scholarships and paths to a new life .
National hate - crime experts contend the fact that such an alleged attack could take place at a school like Guilford – voted by Newsweek as the " hottest for social conscience " in 2006 – is a reflection of how deeply distrust of Islam now permeates the United States .
For data , they point to polls , such as one done by CBS last April .
It found that 45 percent of Americans now have a negative view of Islam – more than 9 percentage points higher than in the tense months following the 9/11 attacks .
And a Washington
Post poll found that the number of Americans who believe Islam stokes violence has more than doubled – from 14 percent in January 2002 to 33 percent in March 2006 .
" What we have here is a climate where Islamaphobia is not only considered mainstream , it 's considered patriotic by some , and that 's something that makes these kinds of attacks even more despicable , " says Brian Levin , director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University , San Bernardino .
[ Editor 's note :
The original version misnamed the center 's university . ]
The only facts not in dispute surrounding the events of that late Saturday night at Guilford are that a fight occurred , racial slurs were thrown as well as fists , and people were hurt .
The three Palestinian students , one of whom was a visitor from North Carolina State University , all sustained concussions and contusions .
One also has a broken jaw , another a broken nose .
And a third has back injuries .
All have been released from the hospital .
" At the end of the day , we believe the facts will show they were attacked by a group of individuals , and it was an unprovoked attack , " says Seth Cohen , a lawyer who is representing the Palestinian students .
The father of one of the football players , who was arrested and charged , released a picture to the media that showed his son had a bruise shaped like a belt buckle on his back .
He says that is proof the football players were not the only culpable ones .
In a statement released to the media last Friday , he wrote : " When all of the facts are revealed , we believe that those who are sensationalizing this story will be rightly embarrassed .... "
The college administration , which has its own independent investigation under way , is determined to quell the excited emotions on both sides of the debate .
It has said it will not pass any judgments until its review is complete .
" We seek truth , justice , and reconciliation , " Guilford College President Kent Chabotar told students at an open forum last Wednesday .
" Those are hard – impossible to achieve without due process and without listening to each other . "
That determination to uphold the Quaker value of patience has angered some students at Guilford who believe that the college should be moving faster to label the incident a hate crime .
During the past week , they 've held candlelight vigils , staged a one - day boycott of classes , and held repeated meetings with top college officials .
" If there 's one thing almost everybody ... agrees on , is that it was a hate crime , " says Yuri Woodstock , a freshman from Roanoke , Va .
Other students believe the school is handling things well .
And they 've found their colleagues ' way of expressing their anger inappropriate .
" Despite being somewhat displeased with the almost irrational initial reaction , I was also pleased to see that people actually cared , " says Wes Corning , a senior from Washington , D.C. , and president of the school 's Community Senate .
" It 's formed into a real sign that the students like to protect Guilford and all it stands for – they do take the Quaker values really seriously here . "
Those values have also helped the local Muslim - American community , which has always had good relations with the college , come to terms with the incident .
" If it had happened at any other college , I 'd be standing on the corner raising [ a ruckus ] , " says Isa Abuzuaiter , chairman of the Board of the Islamic Center of the Triad , which represents the estimated 10,000 Muslims in the Greensboro area .
" But it 's Guilford , and so we really do n't know what to do . "
Mr. Abuzuaiter and others in the area are doing their best to support the three students .
But they are worried about the impact of the incident on their own children .
His son Michael , who was born and raised in Greensboro , plays football for Guilford 's archrival , Greensboro College .
" Would these players take revenge on my son and try to hurt him on the field ?
I do n't know , " he says .
But he and his colleagues are also optimistic about the future for Muslims in America , despite the current climate .
And one reason , they say , is the way that Guilford College and its students are responding to the incident .
" The Quakers are our friends .
They have always opened their hearts to us , " says Badi Ali , president of the Islamic Center .
" What we 're seeing now is the fruit of those years of cooperation ....
We need more education and exposure to each other .
We need to stand up for victims and to challenge the racist mood in this country . "
It started with a shrink - wrapped coconut .
Then , as we delved further into the murky depths of the packaging industry , we discovered some startling facts .
How much energy does it take to produce the yogurt pots , carrier bags and plastic bottles that end up in your bin ?
We asked four families to collect a month 's worth of rubbish and our experts put their waste to the test .
By Lucy Siegle
Now that I 've purchased 30 of them from the Stratford - upon - Avon branch of Morrisons , I can legitimately declare that I have a lovely bunch of coconuts .
Actually , I 've always had a fondness for coconut .
Not just the taste , but because they represent a peerless example of mother nature 's ability to provide a delicious foodstuff in a robust , appropriate , convenient and ultimately biodegradable container ( ie the husk ) .
Sadly , however , this bunch is not as lovely as it should be - each coconut being individually shrink - wrapped and daubed with a metalised sticker , presumably for barcode reasons .
This also explains why I bought the entire stock to record for posterity and research purposes .
We were alerted to the shrink - wrapped coconut phenomenon by Sam Dixon , one of our readers who has had enough of the excess baggage that apparently comes with the 21st - century food shop : ' This is the most ridiculous piece of packaging I 've ever come across , ' he wrote unequivocally , enclosing Exhibit A , ' and the moment at which I realised I never needed to see another piece of shrink - wrapping again .
Ever .'
Increasingly , householders , shoppers , people who like wildlife , those inclined to worry about squandering resources , landfill , pollution or energy use , agree with Mr Dixon .
As do people who are just tired of walking down the high street dodging swirling plastic bags or spending 15 minutes trying to work out whether a laminated pasta packet will contaminate their recycling .
The world is not entirely unfamiliar with anti-packaging protests : the Bavarian equivalent of the Women 's Institute became something of a professional anti-packaging organisation in the early Nineties when a determined mob of angry hausfraus occupied the main supermarkets and refused to leave until retailers acquiesced to their demands for simplified , eco-friendly packaging .
By comparison , the UK has kept fairly quiet - perhaps that nation of shopkeepers thing meant we have traditionally been tolerant of ever more elaborate means to make us part with our cash .
However , in an age where anti-supermarket polemics ( such as Joanna Blythman 's Shopped and William Young 's Sold Out ) are the equivalent of ethical chick lit , it was inevitable that the 4.6 m tonnes of packaging waste we throw away each year , adding around £ 480 a year to the average food bill , and considered by many consumers to be beyond the pale in environmental terms , would become a topic for consumer rebellion .
So expect to see an increasing amount of direct action like the ' Take It Back ' protests in Brighton , which organises the severely disgruntled to arrive at a particular supermarket at a pre-appointed time and , rip the excess packaging off their shopping and dump it right there in the supermarket .
Back to coconutgate , and an official response from Morrisons : ' Morrisons coconuts are shrink - wrapped to ensure that they reach the customer in the very best condition .
The packaging helps to keep the product fresh , limit damage from breakages , stop coconut hairs getting into other foodstuffs during transport and allows an information label to be attached . '
While coconut hair has never been one of my top 10 worries , this is probably enough for the supermarket to justify its shrink - wrap decision on the grounds that the consumer demands it .
Crediting dodgy packaging to the consumer 's wants and needs is difficult to refute and explains why , despite an EU law which forbids overpackaging , experts can only cite three examples of prosecutions in the UK in the past decade .
It 's also part of the reason why we decided to ask four Sussex families to collect their own packaging waste for an entire month , as an experiment to see not only what they generated , but whether they really wanted as much packaging , and for the same reasons as the manufacturers and retailers like to claim .
After all , there 's nothing quite like having your photo taken with an entire month 's packaging waste at your feet , to give you a fresh perspective .
Unsurprisingly , parts of the packaging industry are on the defensive .
It 's not always easy to speak to packaging representatives , particularly about plastics .
You can't , for example , just phone up for a chat about the amount of oil used to make a ketchup bottle lid ( a Heinz ' stay clean cap ' uses 14.4g of oil as opposed to 3.8g for a normal lid ) , but must rather submit your questions , negotiate with a variety of press officers and then endure a rather tense conference call with a CEO and his or her advisors coughing at strategic points .
This is hardly surprising .
Plastics in particular is a multi-billion pound industry : the advice Dustin Hoffman 's character Benjamin receives in The Graduate - ' There 's a great future in plastics ' - still seems to hold true in fiscal terms .
Now it 's just environmentally contentious .
To be fair , some manufacturers also seem genuinely perplexed that the consumer might have a problem with the way their goods are packaged in a hygienic , cost - effective way that enables them to get pretty much whatever consumable their heart desires , from anywhere in the world .
They think we 're ungrateful .
Packaging , they contend , continues to be the ' skin of commerce ' , it protects at least 10 times its own weight of goods and around 63 per cent of our packaging waste is now recovered and recycled .
Jane Bickerstaff , who runs INCPEN , the Industry Council for Packaging and the Environment , does n't have much time for the idea of banning plastic carrier bags either : ' Then you 're getting to the idea that you might as well ban all choice in society .
You might as well ban all cars that have sun roofs or extra features and just have the basic model . '
This is the first time I 've heard the right to a free plastic bag compared to the right to convertibles .
' Banning plastic bags is going too far and in Ireland , where there 's a levy .
it 's interesting environmentally , because it looks as if that levy has had a detrimental effects - simply because people do n't have a thin bag to use as a bin liner , so they 're buying tailor - made bin liners with much more plastic in them . '
Elsewhere , it should be said that Ireland 's levy on plastic bags has been credited with reducing plastic bag use by 90 per cent , and in a world that uses 750bn oil - derived carrier bags each year , surely it 's worth a try ?
A visit to Valpak , the company that regulates packaging recycling , where four members of staff spend three days painstakingly weighing every component of our families ' packaging waste , convinces me it probably is .
Sifting through sacks and sacks of packaging waste , they document each lid , rivet and cardboard fold , separating 1,015 different products and 352 different brands so that our eco scientists can assess the true impact of this nation 's packaging habit .
As it transpires , we consumers do n't know the half of it .
This is because , in order to get a clear picture of the respective and combined impacts of plastic , glass , aluminium and other packaging materials , you also need to add on the materials ' ecological rucksack , or ' overburden ' - the hidden waste that the consumer never sees .
Essentially , this factors in the earth ore , rubble and other waste generated in the extraction and processing operations .
In the case of aluminium cans , for example , it requires our eco analysts to take into account all the energy used from the raw material to the product , including the extraction of alumina from the ground .
In real terms , this means the actual waste caused by packaging in the UK is more in the region of 10 m tonnes a year , and growing , at nearly three per cent .
Recycling rates are growing too , and in order to meet upcoming European waste directives , based on weight , consumers need to be encouraged to recycle even more .
But it 's only part of the answer ; an increase in recycling has all but been negated by an increase in consumerism , thanks to a surge in single households and a continued upward trajectory in the amount we buy .
When Valpak employees are n't weighing our families ' ketchup bottles , they are busy presiding over a complex European packaging compliance scheme that affects the way we consumers recycle .
If you struggle to understand aggregate scoring systems for European football , for instance , it is virtually unfathomable .
Terry Robins , a packaging technologist now working on biodegradable materials with Stanelco , claims that ' the recycling packaging system is so complex it would n't exist without spreadsheets . '
But he reserves his real censure for faux - environmentally friendly packaging : ' I find some of the packaging out there at the moment abhorrent , disgusting , totally disgraceful and a complete con , ' he says .
' The average consumer does n't know the difference between degradable and biodegradable , so they think when the major supermarkets start giving out 100 per cent degradable packaging that that is the environmental answer . '
Turns out it is n't .
Degradable packaging disappointingly uses ordinary fossil fuels , with all that environmental baggage .
' Furthermore , ' Robins continues , ' they put cobalt steroid in it - not a heavy metal , OK , but nevertheless you do n't want it going into plastic bags , then landfill , then finishing up as a concentrate in an area .
Neither do you want this stuff going into recycling where it messes up the system . '
Biodegradable packaging , however , is a different matter : ' This is material that bacteria will eat and which ends up as water vapour and a little material that mulches down and saves the Irish peat bog .
Not only does it degrade , but it contributes something . '
In a world where one drink carton might have five different laminates , it quickly became clear from our families that recycling is a mind boggling issues for the consumers , too .
Rob Holdway , director of Giraffe Innovation and an eco-design expert , is busy deconstructing a Dairylea lunch pack .
Millions of children are becoming increasingly familiar with this product , and it is not for us to speculate how many similar packs will be dumped around playgrounds , contributing to the £ 39 m playground clean - up bill .
' Apart from the nutritional value , which I can't comment on , ' Holdway says , ' there 's a polyethylene sealant on top as a barrier film heat - sealed on to the plastic base , which shows the number 7 , meaning " other " plastic , in this case a composite which is difficult to recycle .
Then there 's a compartment for the formed ham , which is half full , and a larger compartment , which is a third air , and contains a vacuum - packed breadstick and cheese in a polyethylene film of unmarked plastic .
I would say this packaging is unlikely to be recycled , ' he concludes .
At least one of our families singled it out as being ' outrageously overpackaged ' .
Although many people feel strongly about packaging from an environmental point of view , few can tell you about their favourite examples full of sustainable promise .
Holdway has two .
One is the classic WOBO Heineken bottle , designed so that once finished it can be used as a brick - a classic example of upcycling .
His second is the current Evian bottle : ' When you dispose of your ketchup bottle , you can't reduce the volume , so at some stage the lorry comes to pick this up and ends up transporting air .
At Evian the way they 've structured the flutes and the way they 've webbed the outside of the bottle means the consumer can easily compress it .
It 's good branding , too , ' he says .
' They 've reduced the materials by redesigning the flute , but managed to give it an iceberg shape which conveys the meaning .
Every aspect performs a function , giving strength and rigidity to the bottle , and you can crush it at the end of its life .
I 'd class that as brilliant eco design . '
Arguably , it 's exactly the sort of design that 's urgently needed if we 're going to avoid swimming about in our own cast - off packaging , and if the 13 major retailers signed up to the Courtauld Commitment ( including coconut purveyors Morrisons ) are to meet their targets to reduce packaging waste by March 2010 .
Altogether , our families collected 103.97 kg of rubbish .
Adding the ' overburden ' or ' rucksack ' , this rises to 200.09kg , an amount they all found alarming .
' It 's really a challenge to stop these figures going any higher , ' says Dr Richard Swannell , from Wrap ( the waste resources action programme ) , 'especially when the trends in the sector show more of us living by ourselves , more convenience food and more purchases .
Let 's be really clear about this : you need to buy as simple and as little packaging as possible .
If you then recycle the packaging that 's helpful again , but it 's the cutting down which is most helpful .
As for the manufacturers , at the moment we 're doing best - in - class analysis , trying to find out why one bottle of wine is in a heavier bottle than another .
We 've analysed the 25 heaviest products which have the biggest impact on the bin , and we estimate that we could save 200,000 tonnes of waste a year just through lightweighting those items . '
Looking at the many forms of plastic , cardboard , cans and composites spewed over the living room of one of our test families , it 's not hard to spot examples of excessive packaging , brain - dead design or both .
The eco designers will need all their innovative powers and cunning to reverse industry apathy and denial , and to save us from drowning in a sea of our consumerist excesses .
It 's not exactly reinventing the wheel , but it 's about time we unwrapped it .
The families
Steve , Juliette and children
Total packaging waste collected in a month 20kg ( with an ecological ' overburden ' of 45kg ) .
This translates into an energy equivalent of 197KWH - or 821 days of light bulb usage ( assuming average use of a 60W bulb )
Steve 's kitchen includes an aesthetically pleasing sardine tin from France which he has kept as a memento and because he likes the colour , and a cupboard full of corks .
However , he 's does n't seem to have developed an emotional or artistic attachment to any of the packaging from this experiment .
In fact , much of it has annoyed him .
' I 've got no problems with steel or aluminium tin cans because they can easily be recycled , but what 's really annoying are those things where different materials are glued together . '
He cites a box for his daughter 's Bratz doll , which joins plastic and cardboard .
As for toothpaste dispensers with pumps : ' It 's too hard for the girls to get the toothpaste out , so you end up wasting half of it .
' Juliette also brings up the issue of organic produce and overpacking , citing a packet of rice in a waxed plastic packet .
' I do n't think this looks particular sustainable , which kind of goes against the ethos . '
Hilary , Andrew , Maya , 4 , and Samuel , 8 months
Total packaging waste : 42kg ( ecological ' overburden ' 76kg ) .
Energy equivalent : 1,090 days ' light bulb use
' I'm actually quite worried by the volume of plastic we 've accumulated , ' says Hilary .
' I would normally recycle a lot of it , including yogurt pots and food trays although I 've just looked in the recycling leaflet and found out they are excluded , so I 've been contaminating my recycling . '
A lot of it can also be attributed to plastic bags from the family 's weekly Ocado delivery , which seems to place a maximum of two items in a single carrier bag .
Andrew admits that convenience takes precedence .
' If a product was marketed in such a way that you could tell that it was better for the environment than another , then I would probably go for that , ' he concludes , ' but it would have to be very clearly labelled , because we 're already busy concentrating on looking for low - sugar products and seeing where food 's from .
It 's one more issue to think about . '
Lucy and Archie , 3
Total packaging waste : 27kg ( ecological ' overburden ' 50kg ) .
Energy equivalent : 968 days ' light bulb use
A design technology teacher , Lucy has high expectations of design and the efforts of the packaging designers that have ended up in her bin have n't impress her .
' I always thought design was supposed to be about making society better , not trying to get consumers to buy stay - clean sauce caps .
I mean those kind of things really do n't matter and they also have an environmental penalty , because they use more resources .
I think I would actually probably pay more for environmentally sound packaging . '
She also has strong views on nutrition , and tends to avoid buying anything that could be classified as ' junk food ' for her son , Archie .
In fact this informs most of her shopping : ' As far as I can see , most of the crap products in the shops are overpacked and often nutritionally valueless as well .
They make me feel quite violent in the supermarket . '
The family receives a weekly organic vegetable box and Lucy only buys non-packed English fruit .
The volume of packaging from the experiment has a lot to do with Christmas , containing most of the boxes from Archie 's Star Wars toys , for instance , and a ' ridiculously wrapped ' Wagamama - branded china set Lucy was given as a present .
In common with other families , she 's not entirely sure what can be recycled in the local authority system - some plastics are a hazy area , and at the moment the biodegradable tomato trays go straight into the bin and are headed off to landfill - ' I did try composting , but I was too tight to buy a proper compost bin so used an old water butt , and it did n't quite work out , ' she admits .
' Maybe I 'll have another go , with a proper composter . '
Eva , Dale and Maia , 3
Total packaging waste : 16kg ( ecological ' overburden ' 29kg ) .
Energy equivalent : 637 days ' light bulb use
' It does look like a hell of a lot when you put it all together , ' says Eva , surveying the damage that has accumulated in the family 's living room .
The family used to have their rubbish collected by Magpie ( a co-operative waste collection business based in Brighton ) which deals with most sorts of plastic , but have since started to rely on the local authority service , which is yet to offer any plastic recycling .
Dale has his eye on several big plastic tubs , formerly home to hair products or lotion for his daughter 's eczema , as he uses these for washing brushes in - he 's a painter and decorator , and in fact he can't get enough plastic tubs because people ' nick them from work ' .
Eva finds the amount of plastic packaging the most shocking : ' I do go through a lot of water bottles , ' she admits , ' but I had n't realised quite how many .
And there is a lot more waste from my business - I have a business selling fair - trade products on a market stall - and had n't realised how much arrives in plastic .
'
Because of Maia 's eczema the whole family eats carefully , including a lot of fresh fruit and vegetables which are bought loose .
' If Maia did n't have eczema we would probably have a lot more junk food and even more plastic , ' admits Dale .
Watch your waste
10 packaging offenders
1. Felix pouch
This is probably a laminate of three different materials and is difficult to recycle .
2. Mr Muscle
Has a complex and resource - intensive trigger spray which will be thrown away with the bottle .
3. Fuji film
Why do we need a plastic blister pack for this product ?
Wasteful and difficult to get into .
4. Easy Iron fabric conditioner Resource - intense .
It could only justify its existence if it was refillable , but most manufacturers have stopped making refills .
5. Dora the Explorer toothbrush Oversized sealed plastic presentation pack with extra plastic interior - all unmarked , so impossible to tell if it 's recyclable .
6. Whiskas Four material - intensive foil pouches in a polyethylene wrap , each separately branded .
7. Baby Bell cheese Wrapped in wax , with plastic layer and net bag .
Could the plastic layer be shed ?
8. Jaffa Cakes
What was wrong with the cardboard box ?
Outer wrap opening up into six single portions .
9. Maltesers Plastic wrapping and foil lid - the ball shape means you will ship a lot of air in transit .
10 . Coconut Shrink - wrapped despite its own natural packaging .
Aluminised sticker added .
Foreign firms are increasingly looking to Africa for oil
Reserves in the Mahogany exploration well were far greater than the 250 million barrels than the firm had earlier forecast , it said .
Tullow - which saw its shares rise 10 % on the news - jointly owns the West Cape block where the drilling took place with Anadarko Petroleum .
It was one of the biggest oil finds in Africa in recent times , Tullow said .
Tullow and Anadarko firms share rights to the adjacent Tano basin , which could yield more oil .
With oil as a shot in the arm , we 're going to fly
John Kufuor , President of Ghana
" Based on evidence to date , ultimate reserves are likely to be materially in excess of previous estimates , with some high potential zones still to be drilled , " said Tullow chief executive Aidan Heavey .
However , Mr Heavey warned that it could be up to seven years before the oil started to flow .
' Boost to economy '
Ghana 's President John Kufuor told the BBC that the discovery would give a major boost to Ghana 's economy .
" Oil is money , and we need money to do the schools , the roads , the hospitals .
If you find oil , you manage it well , can you complain about that ?
" Even without oil , we are doing so well , already .
Now , with oil as a shot in the arm , we 're going to fly , " he said .
Tullow Oil holds a 22.9 % stake in the West Cape Three Points licence and just under 50 % in the Deepwater Tano licence .
The move comes as foreign firms are increasingly tapping into Africa for oil .
Tullow shares closed up more than 12 % on the news in trading in London .
O Lord , bless this thy Angel Sword Guitar , that with it thou mayst blow Christina Aguilera and A - HA and Ricky Martin and Enrique Iglesias to tiny bits , in thy mercy .
If you want it , follow these steps : first shalt thou get to eBay .
Then shalt thou pay $ 4,500 , no more , no less .
$ 4,500 shall be the number thou shalt pay , and the number of the payment shall be $ 4,500 .
Once the number $ 4,500 be paid , then riffed thou thy Angel Sword Guitar towards thy foe , who , being naughty in my sight , shall snuff it .
Advertisement
Or thou jump for a high definition image and more details .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
From their page :
It was custom made for the Alfee 's guitar player Takamizawa .
This is an awesome one of a kind guitar .
The Alfee is one of the biggest rock acts in Japan and Takamizawa is well known for his Angel and other Gothic themed guitars .
Notice the cool as hell wings on this baby !!!
Advertisement
Yes , we do notice them .
But unfortunately , it wo n't work with Guitar Hero .
Advertisement
ESP Sword Angel Guitar Custom Shop Takamizawa ALFEE [ eBay - Thanks Oscar ! ]
By Monica Chadha
BBC News , Mumbai
The form asks for a " detailed menstrual history "
Under the new nationwide requirements , female officials also have to say when they last sought maternity leave .
Women civil servants say the questions are a gross invasion of privacy .
One told the BBC she was " gobsmacked " .
Annual appraisals and health checks are mandatory in India 's civil service .
The ministry was unavailable for comment .
But one of its most senior bureaucrats was quoted in the press as saying the new questions had been based on advice from health officials .
' No words '
The questions at the root of the controversy are on page 58 of the new appraisal forms for the current year issued by the federal Ministry for Personnel , Public Grievances and Pensions .
I have no intention of telling them anything about my personal life
Sharwari Gokhale ,
Maharashtra environment secretary
Women officers must write down their " detailed menstrual history and history of LMP [ last menstrual period ] including date of last confinement [ maternity leave ] , " the form says .
Women working in the civil service told the BBC the government had no need for this kind of personal information .
" I am completely shocked ! " said Sharwari Gokhale , environment secretary in western Maharashtra state .
" I have absolutely no words to describe how I feel and I have no intention of telling them anything about my personal life .
" It 's gob smacking . "
Ms Gokhale said she had also served in the personnel department at the ministry which drafted the new forms and , while the health of officials was always a concern , asking such questions never crossed their minds .
' Natural phenomenon '
Maharashtra 's joint secretary for general administration , Seema Vyas , agreed that the new questions were uncalled for .
I assume this will help evaluate the officer 's fitness
Satyanand Mishra ,
Personnel department secretary
" Menstrual cycles are a natural phenomenon , they are not an aberration .
One does not object to questions related to fitness levels - they are important as they can affect work .
" But there is no need for these details as this does not have any bearing on our work , " she told the BBC .
" When we apply for maternity leave , we put in the appropriate application and the government already has those records so why ask again ? "
HAVE YOUR SAY
There are some things that employers do n't need to know and this is one of them
Stacey , USA
Send us your comments
She said she and her colleagues were thinking of writing a letter to the authorities protesting at the questions .
Despite repeated attempts , the BBC was unable to speak to the head of the personnel department , Satyanand Mishra .
The Hindustan Times newspaper quoted him as saying the questions were based on advice from the Ministry of Health .
" We sought the ministry 's help to draw up a health - history format .
I assume this will help evaluate the officer 's fitness , " he told the paper .
Ben Carpenter was kept secure by his wheelchair 's seatbelt
Interview with Ben
The back of Ben Carpenter 's wheelchair was scooped up as he passed in front of a lorry leaving a petrol station .
The driver was completely unaware that he had a new passenger , kept in his wheelchair by a seatbelt .
Passing motorists told police , who found the man unhurt - but still attached to the front of the truck .
Police in the town of Paw Paw , Michigan , said Mr Carpenter had told them " it was quite a ride " , but complained only that he had spilled his soda .
The lorry reached speeds of 50 mph ( 80 km / h ) as it drove down the Red Arrow Highway .
After several miles the driver pulled over at the depot of a trucking company where police then told him about the man on his front end .
He refused to believe there was a man in a wheelchair stuck to the front of his truck until he saw it for himself , police said .
" It 's fast , I know that , " Ben Carpenter told local Wood TV .
" I was probably thinking that he [ the driver ] is going to keep going , not stop anywhere , go 50 - 60 miles somewhere " .
" I mean I would have been dead way before that , " he added . "
Researchers at Harvard University and Princeton University have made a crucial step toward building biological computers , tiny implantable devices that can monitor the activities and characteristics of human cells .
The information provided by these “ molecular doctors , ” constructed entirely of DNA , RNA , and proteins , could eventually revolutionize medicine by directing therapies only to diseased cells or tissues .
The results will be published this week in the journal Nature Biotechnology .
“ Each human cell already has all of the tools required to build these biocomputers on its own , ” says Harvard ’s Yaakov ( Kobi ) Benenson , a Bauer Fellow in the Faculty of Arts and Sciences ’ Center for Systems Biology .
“ All that must be provided is a genetic blueprint of the machine and our own biology will do the rest .
Your cells will literally build these biocomputers for you . ”
Evaluating Boolean logic equations inside cells , these molecular automata will detect anything from the presence of a mutated gene to the activity of genes within the cell .
The biocomputers ’ “ input ” is RNA , proteins , and chemicals found in the cytoplasm ; “ output ” molecules indicating the presence of the telltale signals are easily discernable with basic laboratory equipment .
“ Currently we have no tools for reading cellular signals , ” Benenson says .
“ These biocomputers can translate complex cellular signatures , such as activities of multiple genes , into a readily observed output .
They can even be programmed to automatically translate that output into a concrete action , meaning they could either be used to label a cell for a clinician to treat or they could trigger therapeutic action themselves . ”
Benenson and his colleagues demonstrate in their Nature Biotechnology paper that biocomputers can work in human kidney cells in culture .
Research into the system ’s ability to monitor and interact with intracellular cues such as mutations and abnormal gene levels is still in progress .
Benenson and colleagues including Ron Weiss , associate professor of electrical engineering at Princeton , have also developed a conceptual framework by which various phenotypes could be represented logically .
A biocomputer ’s calculations , while mathematically simple , could allow researchers to build biosensors or medicine delivery systems capable of singling out very specific types or groups of cells in the human body .
Molecular automata could allow doctors to specifically target only cancerous or diseased cells via a sophisticated integration of intracellular disease signals , leaving healthy cells completely unaffected .
Source : Harvard University
ACLU Seeks Release of NSA Wiretap Records
May 24 , 2007
The American Civil Liberties Union , the National Security Archive and the Electronic Privacy Information Center filed new legal papers urging a federal judge to compel the Justice Department to release documents pertaining to the National Security Agency ’s warrantless surveillance program .
The move comes after former Deputy Attorney General James Comey testified that the Justice Department determined in March 2004 that the NSA program was unlawful .
“ As Mr. Comey ’s testimony makes clear , the NSA ’s warrantless surveillance program was illegal , and even the Justice Department ’s own attorneys reached that conclusion , ” said Jameel Jaffer , Director of the ACLU ’s National Security Project .
“ Full disclosure about this blatantly illegal program is imperative , particularly because President Bush continues to assert the authority to resurrect the program at any time . ”
On December 20 , 2005 , the ACLU and the National Security Archive submitted multiple requests under the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) to the NSA , the Justice Department and the Central Intelligence Agency seeking all records about “ the policies , procedures and / or practices of the National Security Agency for gathering information through warrantless electronic surveillance and / or warrantless physical searches in the United States . ”
The ACLU and the Archive filed a lawsuit to enforce the FOIA requests and the case was consolidated with a similar lawsuit brought by the Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) .
The government is asking the court to permit it to keep the NSA documents secret .
In today ’s brief , the three groups ask Judge Henry H. Kennedy of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia to deny the government ’s motion and to review the documents himself to determine whether the documents should be released .
The ACLU said that Comey ’s testimony last week clearly underscores the need for more information on the NSA program .
Comey testified that not only did President Bush reauthorize the NSA program in 2004 without a signature from the Justice Department ; he reauthorized the program even after both Comey and then - Attorney General John Ashcroft determined that the program was illegal .
The series of events nearly culminated in the resignation of several senior Justice Department officials , Comey said .
Members of the Senate Judiciary Committee are also seeking release of records on the illegal surveillance program .
In a letter sent on May 21 to Attorney General Alberto Gonzales , Senators Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) and Arlen Specter ( R - PA ) said that Comey ’s testimony “ obviously raises very serious questions about your personal behavior and commitment to the rule of law , ” and called for an end to the stonewalling by Gonzales and the administration .
Though the Senate Judiciary Committee has made eight formal requests over the past 18 months for documents and information related to the NSA program , both the White House and Justice Department have refused to comply .
In early 2006 , soon after the NSA ’s illegal activities became public , the ACLU filed a seperate lawsuit on behalf of criminal defense attorneys , journalists and scholars challenging the NSA ’s warrantless surveillance of Americans ’ calls and e-mails .
The government responded to the legal challenge not by defending the legality of the NSA ’s surveillance activities , but by invoking secrecy as the basis for dismissing the lawsuit .
The administration argued that the NSA ’s surveillance was so secret that not even a court could determine its legality .
On August 17 , 2006 , a federal court in Michigan agreed with the ACLU that the program was illegal .
The government appealed that ruling to the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals .
A decision from the appeals court is expected soon .
While the case was on appeal , the Justice Department conceded that the judicial branch has a role in overseeing surveillance by the NSA , and announced that it had obtained some kind of belated authorization from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court approving the surveillance .
However , the Justice Department refused to provide any information about the secret approvals and claimed that the president could resume the warrantless surveillance at any time .
Our students this semester in 6.171 , Software Engineering for Internet Applications have divided themselves into roughly three groups .
One third has chosen to use Microsoft .NET , building pages in C# / ASP.NET connecting to SQL Server .
One third has chosen to use scripting languages such as PHP connecting to PostgreSQL and sometimes Oracle .
The final third , which seems to be struggling the most , is using Java Server Pages ( JSP ) with Oracle on Linux .
JSP is fantastically simpler than “ full - blown J2EE ” , which is the recommended - by - Sun way of building applications , but still it seems to be too complex for seniors and graduate students in the MIT computer science program , despite the fact that they all had at least one semester of Java experience in 6.170 .
After researching how to do bind variables in Java ( see the very end of http://philip.greenspun.com/internet-application-workbook/software-structure), which turns out to be much harder and more error - prone than in 20 - year - old C interfaces to relational databases , I had an epiphany : Java is the SUV of programming tools .
A project done in Java will cost 5 times as much , take twice as long , and be harder to maintain than a project done in a scripting language such as PHP or Perl .
People who are serious about getting the job done on time and under budget will use tools such as Visual Basic ( controlled all the machines that decoded the human genome ) .
But the programmers and managers using Java will feel good about themselves because they are using a tool that , in theory , has a lot of power for handling problems of tremendous complexity .
Just like the suburbanite who drives his SUV to the 7 - 11 on a paved road but feels good because in theory he could climb a 45 - degree dirt slope .
If a programmer is attacking a truly difficult problem he or she will generally have to use a language with systems programming and dynamic type extension capability , such as Lisp .
This corresponds to the situation in which my friend , the proud owner of an original - style Hummer , got stuck in the sand on his first off - road excursion ; an SUV ca n’t handle a true off - road adventure for which a tracked vehicle is required .
With Web applications , nearly all of the engineering happens in the SQL database and the interaction design , which is embedded in the page flow links .
None of the extra power of Java is useful when the source of persistence is a relational database management system such as Oracle or SQL Server .
Mostly what you get with Java are reams of repetitive declarations at the top of every script so that the relevant code for serving a page is buried several screens down .
With a dynamic language such as Lisp , PHP , Perl , Python , Tcl , you could do bind variables by having the database interface look at local variables in the caller ’s environment .
With Java the programmer is counting question marks in the SQL query and saying “ Associate the 7th question mark with the number 4247 ” , an action that will introduce a bug into the program as soon as the SQL query is modified ( since now the 7th question mark has been moved to become the 8th question mark in the query ) .
Tony Wright , 42 , from Penzance , was trying to beat the Guinness world record of 264 sleepless hours set by Randy Gardner in the US in 1964 .
He fought off tiredness by drinking tea , playing pool and keeping a diary .
The Guinness Book of Records has since withdrawn its backing of a sleep deprivation class because of the associated health risks .
Hardest part
Weary Mr Wright told BBC
News : " I feel pretty good , It 's been a bit of a slog , but I got there . "
He said that his ' Stone Age ' diet of raw food helped parts of his brain to stay awake and remain functional for long periods .
He said : " It makes it much easier to switch from one side of the brain which is really tired , to the other .
" But both are pretty tired at the moment . "
During the record attempt , Mr Wright noticed his speech becoming incomprehensible at times and colours appearing very bright .
A webcam and CCTV cameras monitored him 24 - hours a day .
The attempt was part of Mr Wright 's research into the body 's relationship to sleep .
He argues that parts of the human brain require a different amount of sleep and it is possible to stay awake and remain functional for long periods .
He said the hardest part was staying in one place - Penzance 's Studio Bar - in order to prove that he was not popping out for a sleep .
He set out to keep a full video record of the entire 11 days as proof he stayed awake .
We 've already discussed how to replace Windows Explorer with the excellent , tabbed Xplorer 2 , which is a lot like Firefox for files .
Now reader Mark says he actually uses Firefox - with the IETab extension - to browse web pages and local folders all in one Firefox window :
I just have IEtab set up to automatically engage whenever the page begins with " file:///*" and set the folders I open often as my homepage such as Recently Downloaded Music , My Documents , iTunes Music , etc .
Advertisement
The great thing about this method is that all of Firefox 's tabbed bookmark and keyboard quick search tricks work just as well with file :// URLs as web site URLs .
Thanks ,
Mark !
Advertisement
IETab
AP Via Yahoo :
Federal and state authorities are investigating suspicious options trading in Dow Jones & Co. stock prior to an announcement last week of News Corp .'s $ 5 billion bid for the financial news publisher .
News last Tuesday of the $ 60 - per- share bid by Rupert Murdoch 's company sent Dow Jones shares soaring .
A spokesman for Dow Jones , which publishes The Wall Street Journal , said Monday that it has received a subpoena from the New York attorney general 's office and a request for information from the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding options trading .
News Corp. did n't immediately return a telephone call seeking comment Monday .
A company spokesman told the Journal late last week that News Corp. had received a subpoena from Cuomo 's office and an inquiry from the SEC .
Read more ...
This weeks ' collaboration with Cellar Image of the Day brings us this gruesome yet interesting picture , with translated caption from 20 minutos.es :
Selváticos .
American Marine drinks the blood of a cobra after an exercise of survival in the jungle in a field of training in Chanthaburi , Thailand .
Blood of cobra ?
Yum .
For more amazing pictures ( 6 years worth of archive !
How awesome is that ? ) , check out Cellar IoTD .
I 've recently been pondering models of concurrent programming .
One of the simplest , most beautiful and most powerful is the π calculus - it 's effetively the λ calculus of concurrent programming .
The π calculus is oriented around channels , which can be read from , written to , and passed along channels : that is , they can be passed between processes ( though processes are implicit ) .
Reading and writing are synchronous : if a process wants to read or write a channel , it blocks until there is another process wanting to do the opposite , and after the communication both processes can proceed with their sequels .
The alternative to this is for writes to be asynchronous : they do not block .
The problem with synchronous writes is that they do not translate well into a distributed setting .
An asynchronous write translates directly into a network transmission , but a synchronous write requires a round trip to unblock the writer .
As a result it is less efficient and more vulnerable to failure .
Even in a simple local setting , asynchronous sends may be preferable : in fact , Pict , a programming language closely based on the π calculus , is restricted to asynchronous writes .
On the other hand , with asynchronous writes you may need a queue on the reader 's end , and some way to avoid running out of memory because of overflowing queues .
Another design alternative is to focus on processes instead of channels .
Messages are sent to processes , and PIDs can be transmitted between processes .
In this model the read ends of channels are effectively fixed .
This is the actor model as used by Erlang .
The problem with the π calculus 's channels , or a distributed - object system like Obliq or E ( see § 17.4 on p. 126 ) , is that you need distributed garbage collection .
If I spawn a process to listen on a channel locally , and send the channel to a remote system , I must keep the process around as long as that remote system may want to write on the channel .
Distributed garbage collection is far too difficult .
On the other hand , in the actor model a process is the master of its own lifetime , because it lasts until its thread of execution completes .
Thus you avoid relying on tricky algorithms , at the cost of needing some way of dealing with failed message sends .
But in a distributed system you have to deal with failure anyway , and the same mechanism can deal with the queue overflow problem .
So I conclude that the π calculus is wrong for distributed programming and that Erlang 's actor model is right .
Those Erlang designers are clever chaps .
April 16 , 2007  -- Attorney General Alberto Gonzales ' assertion that he was not involved in identifying the eight U.S. attorneys who were asked to resign last year is at odds with a recently released internal Department of Justice e-mail , ABC News has learned .
That e-mail said that Gonzales supported firing one federal prosecutor six months before she was asked to leave .
Gonzales was scheduled to testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee Tuesday , but his testimony was postponed until Thursday because of the shooting rampage at Virginia Tech University .
When Gonzales appears before the committee , a central focus will be the extent of his involvement in the firings .
Gonzales has insisted he left those decisions to his staff , but ABC News has learned he was so concerned about U.S. attorney Carol Lam 's lackluster record on immigration enforcement in San Diego that he supported firing her months before she was dismissed , according to a newly released e-mail from his former chief of staff .
The e-mail , which came from Gonzales aide Kyle Sampson , appeared to contradict the prepared written testimony Gonzales submitted to Congress over the weekend in advance of his Senate Judiciary Committee hearing Tuesday .
In his prepared testimony , Gonzales said that during the months that his senior staff was evaluating U.S. attorneys , including Lam , " I did not make the decisions about who should or should not be asked to resign . "
But the recently released e-mail from Sampson , dated June 1 , 2006 , indicated that Gonzales was actively involved in discussions about Lam and had decided to fire her if she did not improve .
In the e-mail to other top Justice Department officials , Sampson outlined several steps that Gonzales suggested , culminating in Lam 's replacement if she failed to bolster immigration enforcement .
" AG [ Attorney General ] has given additional thought to the San Diego situation and now believes that we should adopt a plan " that would lead to her removal if she " balks " at immigration reform , Sampson wrote .
The e-mail laid out other possible ways to deal with Lam short of dismissal .
Gonzales supported the idea of first having " a heart to heart with Lam about the urgent need to improve immigration enforcement " and of working with her " to develop a plan for addressing the problem . "
Sampson said another alternative would be to " put her on a very short leash .
" If she balks on any of the foregoing or otherwise does not perform in a measurable way … remove her , " Sampson wrote of Gonzales ' suggested plan .
" AG then appoints new U.S. [ attorney ] from outside the office . "
The Lam situation gets to the heart of the U.S. attorney controversy and the focus of the upcoming Gonzales hearing .
Senators want to know why the eight prosecutors were fired .
Were they fired for cause ?
Was their performance at issue ?
Or were their political motives ?
Regarding Lam 's dismissal , the e-mails show that Sampson asked Justice Department officials William Mercer and Michael Elston for help in presenting a formal plan for Gonzales to approve .
Justice Department official William W. Mercer told congressional investigators on April 11 that he attended a meeting with the attorney general days later to discuss Lam 's situation , according to congressional sources .
During the meeting , Mercer told Gonzales he was " very concerned " with the problems regarding Lam .
In an e-mail released in the recent document dump from Capitol Hill , Mercer 's calendar includes a notation for a 3 p.m. meeting on June 5 -- four days after Sampson 's e-mail -- with the attorney general , Sampson , Mercer and Jeff Taylor .
The subject of the meeting is listed as " Immigration Enforcement / San Diego USAO [ U.S. attorney 's office ] . "
Interestingly , in an e-mail six months earlier , Sampson listed Taylor , who was then a top aide to Gonzales , as a possible replacement for Lam 's seat .
Taylor was later appointed U.S. attorney in Washington .
By Mary Elizabeth Fratini , Vermont Guardian —
An impromptu , and at times contentious , 40 - minute meeting between Speaker of the House Gaye Symington , D- Jericho , Senate Pres.
Pro-Tem Peter Shumlin , D - Windham , and more than 100 people in support of an impeachment resolution this afternoon ended abruptly when Shumlin walked out of the room .
“ The reason we are here is because we do n’t want to be good Germans , and we do n’t want you to be good Germans either , ” said Fletcher Dean of Calais , to wild applause from the packed room .
The exchange drew enough bystanders , including legislators and media , to render the scheduled press conference unnecessary .
On Town Meeting Day , 38 towns passed resolutions calling for Congress to introduce articles of impeachment against Pres. George W. Bush and Vice Pres. Dick Cheney .
Since then , supporters have been urging state lawmakers to pass a similar measure .
“ Vermont has so often been the moral compass of the nation .
Huge swaths of Americans have hope in this resolution , and huge swaths of Vermonters support this critical issue , and you know that you are standing in the way of that , ”  said Barry Aleshnick of Guilford .
Last week , the popular comic strip Doonesbury profiled Vermont ’s impeachment efforts during a six - day run .
Symington reiterated her steadfast belief that a resolution supporting impeachment was not the solution when asked what could change her mind .
“ I do n’t disagree with your goals , but I do n’t believe that this is the way to achieve them , ”  she said .
One of the meeting ’s organizers Liza Earle of Richmond noted that they were asking for a vote , not a victory , to which Symington replied , “ In the House it is a simple action :
Any legislator can ask the Judiciary Committee to lead the resolution and we will vote on that . ” 
Likewise , Shumlin said , “ I would welcome anyone to introduce the resolution and I will vote for it . ” 
That is a different position than Shumlin took earlier this year in public statements , including in statements at a monthly meeting of the state committee of the Vermont Democratic Party .
He said earlier that if the resolution made it to the Senate it would receive immediate hearings ; however , all of those statements were made before Legislative Counsel said that the resolution did not have to start in the House .
In recent weeks , Shumlin has said that there is not enough time remaining in the legislative session to take up the resolution .
“ Each of them , on their first day , took a solemn oath to support the Constitution of the United States , ”  Earle said after the meeting .
“ The oath is to protect the Constitution , period , not if it is not divisive , or if there is time , or after discussing broadband . ”  …
Impeachment timeline
February 13 : The Vermont State Senate adopts a resolution in support of bringing American troops home from Iraq now .
Dan Dewalt of Newfane asks Shumlin if the impeachment resolution can be taken up simultaneously in the Senate as was done with the troops resolution .
Shumlin says he will look into it , but encourages Dewalt to focus attention on the House .
March 2 : Dewalt again asks Shumlin to introduce the impeachment resolution in the Senate .
But Shumlin says that he prefers to let the House pass it first .
March 6 : 38 Vermont towns pass impeachment resolutions , including Putney and Jericho , the hometowns of Shumlin and Symington .
March 20 : Shumlin tells the Rutland Herald that if the measure did pass the Vermont House “ it would immediately be brought up in the Senate for hearings . ” 
March 24 : The Democratic State Committee passes the impeachment resolution after hearing Shumlin speak strongly in support .
March 27 : Shumlin asks the Legislative Counsel to research whether the resolution can be introduced first in the Senate ; the answer is yes .
April 3 : Legislative Counsel provides Sen. Jeannette
White , D - Windham , with text for new resolution at her request that avoids the need for any investigation in Vermont .
Shumlin tells
White not to introduce that resolution , meeting later with Liza Earle , Adrienne Kinne , and Leas to say his reason for not going forward is his relationship with Symington .
April 11 : Earle , Kinne and Leas meet with Shumlin and Symington .
Symington says Shumlin can introduce the resolution in the Senate and it wo n’t affect their relationship .
Shumlin says there is no time left and says the citizens are to blame .
( More )
What can WE do ?
Contact Speaker of the VT House Gaye Symington and Senate President Pro Tem Peter Shumlin , and tell them they ’re failing to fulfill their oaths to defend / protect the Constitution .
Peter Shumlin “ “ ( Home ) 802-387-4447
Gaye Symington ( Home ) 802-899-3324
115 State Street
Montpelier , Vermont 05633-530
( Work ) 802-828-2231
[ email protected ]
German drivers cherish their freedom on the Autobahn
Stavros Dimas told the Bild am Sonntag newspaper that the " simple measure " of a general speed limit on the Autobahnen ( motorways ) would cut carbon emissions .
His call followed the EU 's summit pledge to cut greenhouse gases - with the German chancellor in the vanguard .
But Germans say restricting speeds on their famously unrestricted motorways would make little difference .
A spokesman for the German transport ministry , Dirk Inger , said an overall Autobahn limit of 100 km / h ( 62 mph ) would reduce CO2 emissions by only 0.6 % .
The ministry also said 98 % of German roads already had speed limits .
Social Democrat ( SPD ) leader Peter Struck warned against " climate hysteria " and stressed that " our economic position has to be considered too " .
German lead role
The German Association of the Automotive Industry - a body which includes BMW , Porsche and Volkswagen - said Germany needed " no coaching " from Brussels on climate protection , the Associated Press reported .
Germany 's car manufacturers take pride in the popularity of their high - performance models .
Mr Dimas argued that speed limits were the norm in most EU states and in the US - " and only in Germany , strangely , is this controversial " .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel - currently the EU president - says the EU should spearhead global efforts to prevent climate change .
She steered last week 's EU summit where leaders pledged to cut CO2 emissions by 20 % from 1990 levels by 2020 .
Passenger cars alone account for more than one - tenth of the EU 's CO2 emissions .
In 1998 , the European Automobile Manufacturers Association ( Acea ) pledged to the European Union on behalf of its members to reduce the average CO2 emissions for new cars to 140g / km by 2008 .
According to industry figures , Fiat , Citroen and Renault have gone much further towards meeting their targets for emissions cuts than German manufacturers BMW and Volkswagen .
The truth is , I should have started the blog with this article .
After choosing a camera ( this a huge subject too ! ) , once you start taking photos and before considering lighting , exposure , noise and other settings , you should take good care of composition .
There are some rules  ( never call them rules because from definition art is free from rules ) that make your pictures better , depending on the photography type .
Rule of Thirds
This rule applies for everything : landscape , macro and portraits , but exception would be the classic portrait .
This means that instead of placing the subject ( main focus of interest ) in the centre of the frame put it on an intersection of the thirds .
For me it is much simple to consider this mind drawing  where my subject is placed either in point 1 or 2 or 3 or 4 :
Cropping
Sometimes cropping a subject to make the viewer focus on some specific detail is an extremely good idea .
But other times , when it ’s not about details , it ’s good to have the entire subject inside the picture and do n’t take a shoot as if the subject is just about to leave , but rather just about to come if it is not standing .
If you are in hurry or not so sure about what you want and you also got a high megapixel camera , you can afford thinking about cropping after shooting in the post - editing process .
Otherwise , get closer and if getting closer will scare away your subject ( hehe ) then use your zoom .
Straight Horizons
Even if the Earth is not plane , we are walking on a plane land .
Therefore , if the pictures are meant to reflect reality , just keep the horizontal and vertical the way you see it with the eyes .
The most common example of the placement of the horizon line is in landscape photography .
Sometimes , however , the pictures are not meant to depict reality and just by questioning your imagination you ’ll be able to find situations ( frequent in architecture photography ) when shapes look more interesting deformed .
Using Diagonals
For an unknown reason , this is my favorite rule .
No matter of what or who your subject is , imagine a diagonal ( I ’ve been once told that down left – up right is better than up left – down right because it appears like going up instead of going down but I would n’t care too much about that ) .
This is very easy if you have a road or a river or some other natural line , and harder if do n’t have anything alike .
Viewpoint
Most people keep the camera at the level of their eye but this is just the classic way of shooting .
The perspective can change quite drastically , especially with wider angled lenses .
Sometimes the subject requires you to get down .
I ’m a short person so I ask people to take pictures of me that way because it makes me look taller .
Pointing up - down is a quite more seen situation than pointing down - up .
Some cameras come with rotating LCD-s and I find this quite useful : you do n’t need to stretch yourself and the camera to get a down - up photo , you only rotate the LCD until it meets your eyes .
Background
Even if your eye caught something that makes you say this is worth shooting , after a while , you or other people looking at the picture may spend minutes until realizing where in that photo is the thing !
This is happening when shooting against a busy background with many elements and colors ( ex : people on the street ) .
Macro and product photography mostly deal with background problems : it should be something as simple as possible not to disturb the attention from the main ( and only ! ) subject .
Simplicity
I say the main and only subject because : another rule in photography spokes that one subject is better than two and also better than none .
You must definitely have a subject , which means you are not shooting without thinking of something , and , if you really like to catch more objects that are not related to each other , just take separate shots .
Contrast
The subject pops out when its colors and / or tones are in contrast to the background and / or other elements of the picture .
This adds to the simplicity and background rules .
A book I recommend on this subject is Master Composition Guide for Digital Photographers .
In addition to these you may consider natural framing .
N'kisi & the N'kisi Project
N'kisi ( pronounced ‘ ‘ in - key - see ’’ ) is a captive bred eight or nine - year - old hand raised African Grey Parrot whose owner , Aimée Morgana , thinks uses language .
She does n't think he just sounds out words .
She thinks he communicates with her in language , which would in effect make N'kisi a rational parrot .
For example , N'kisi utters " pretty smell medicine " when he wants to describe the aromatherapy oils that Aimée uses . *
Furthermore , Aimée says her parrot has a fine sense of humor and knows how to laugh .
Imagine having conversations with a humorous parrot .
Think of all the things you could talk and joke about , besides aromatherapy .
You could discuss the fame that would come to anyone who had a parrot that can think and converse in intelligent discourse , like pretty smell medicine and look at my pretty naked body . *
And when some nasty skeptic makes fun of you , the two of you can joke about it .
I 'm afraid that this story stretches the boundaries of reasonable credibility , though stories of rational parrots go back at least to the 17th century .
John Locke , for example , relates a tale of a Portuguese - speaking parrot of some note in his Essay Concerning Human Understanding ( II.xxvii.8 ) .
These cases are more likely cases of self - deception , delusion , and gullibility than of language - using parrots .
Listen to this audio clip of N'kisi , Aimée , and a toy that " talks " when a button is pushed .
First listen without reading the transcript .
Some of it is intelligible , especially after the fourth or fifth repetition , but it is difficult to understand the " conversation , " especially with the toy making its sounds as Aimée stimulates her parrot .
Some of the tape sounds like gibberish until you are told what to listen for .
When you listen while reading the transcript something amazing happens : you can hear just what you 're reading .
Why is that ?
The same thing happens when you listen to audio tapes played backward .
When you just listen without anyone telling you what to listen for , you usually do n't understand anything intelligible .
But as soon as someone shows or tells you what to listen for , you can hear the message .
Such is the power of suggestion and the way of audio perception .
Hearing is a constructive process , like vision , in that bits of sensory data are " filled in " by the brain to produce a visual or auditory perception that is clear and distinct , and in accord with your expectations .
Consider the following from an interview with Dr. Irene Pepperberg , Morgana 's inspiration , who has been studying Alex , an African Grey Parrot , for many years :
We were doing demos at the Media Lab [ at MIT ] for our corporate sponsors ; we had a very small amount of time scheduled and the visitors wanted to see Alex work .
So we put a number of differently colored letters on the tray that we use , put the tray in front of Alex , and asked , " Alex , what sound is blue ? "
He answers , " Ssss . "
It was an " s " , so we say " Good birdie " and he replies , " Want a nut . "
Well , I do n't want him sitting there using our limited amount of time to eat a nut , so I tell him to wait , and I ask , " What sound is green ? "
Alex answers , " Ssshh . "
He 's right , it 's " sh , " and we go through the routine again : " Good parrot . "
" Want a nut . "
" Alex , wait .
What sound is orange ? " " ch . "
" Good bird ! " " Want a nut . "
We 're going on and on and Alex is clearly getting more and more frustrated .
He finally gets very slitty - eyed and he looks at me and states , " Want a nut .
Nnn , uh , tuh . "
Not only could you imagine him thinking , " Hey , stupid , do I have to spell it for you ? " but the point was that he had leaped over where we were and had begun sounding out the letters of the words for us .
This was in a sense his way of saying to us , " I know where you 're headed !
Let 's get on with it , " which gave us the feeling that we were on the right track with what we were doing .*
Dr. Pepperberg thinks the bird is responding cognitively to her questions rather than simply responding to a stimulus .
She thinks the bird is getting frustrated , but she has stipulated earlier in the interview :
I never claim that Alex has full - blown language ; I never would .
I 'm not going to be able to put Alex on a " T " stand and have you interview him the way you interview me .
So , whereas you or I might say " give me the nut or this interview is over " were we parrots with intentionality and language , the parrot 's movements and sounds have to be less direct and more complex , so that they have to be interpreted for us by Pepperberg .
In her view , Alex is " clearly getting more frustrated " and his frustration culminates with a " very slitty - eyed " expression .
But this is Pepperberg 's interpretation , as is her hearing the bird sound out the letters of the word ' nut ' .
It could have been a stutter for all we know , but Pepperberg is facilitating Alex 's communication by telling us what she hears .
The final paragraph indicates that Pepperberg is having a hard time drawing the line between imagining what a parrot might be thinking and projecting those thoughts into the parrot 's movements and sounds .
She 's also having a hard time getting grant money ( NIH turned her down ) , so she started her own private foundation , the Alex Foundation .
When news of N'kisi broke on the pages of BBC online , there was no mention in the article by Alex Kirby of the parrot having conversations with people other than Aimée Morgana .
( The story was originally told in USA Today in the February 12 , 2001 , edition . )
Despite the headline " Parrot 's oratory stuns scientists , " there was no evidence given that the parrot had stunned anyone during a conversation .
It seems that Aimée is to her parrot what the facilitator is to her client in facilitated communication , except that the parrot is actually providing data to interpret and is more like clever Hans , the horse that responded to unconscious movements of his master , than a disabled human who may not be providing any content or direction at all to the facilitator .
It is Aimée who gives intentionality to the parrot 's sounds .
She is the one who attributes ' laughter ' to his shrieks and conscious awareness to his responses , though those responses could be due to any one of many stimuli , consciously or unconsciously provided by Aimée or items in the immediate environment .
Nevertheless , Dr. Jane Goodall , who studies chimpanzees , met N'kisi and said that he provides an " outstanding example of interspecies communication . "
There is some evidence , however , that much of the work with language - using primates also mistakes subjective validation by scientists for complex linguistic abilities of their animal subjects ( Wallman 1992 ) .
According to Mr. Kirby , N'kisi not only uses language but has been tested for telepathy and he passed the test with flying colors :
New York Architecture Images - Gone Spite House
architect
location Lexington Avenue Between 82nd and 83rd Streets
date 1882
style Renaissance Revival
construction brick
type House
images
VALENTINE'S MANUAL OF OLD NEW YORK ( 1929 )
THE QUEEREST HOUSE IN THIS COUNTRY
A.G. Van der Weyde
New York for a period of thirty - two years boasted the queerest house in this country , if not in the entire world .
This was the famous Richardson " Spite House . " at Lexington Avenue and 43rd Street .
The house extended north 104 feet on the avenue , but was only , five feet wide .
In general appearance it was not unlike a bicycle case set on end .
The house attracted much attention during its brief existence .
which terminated a little less than five years ago .
The house was erected to satisfy a personal grudge and the owner lived fifteen years to enjoy the discomfort that it caused the man he wished to spite .
The story of the " Spite House , " as a result of much litigation in the courts , is voluminously told in the court records .
Briefly this is the story :
In the year 1882 one Hyman Sarner , a clothier , who owned several lots on East 82nd Street , wished to build apartment houses on his property , which extended to within a few feet of Lexington Avenue .
On the Lexington Avenue side was a very long and very narrow strip of land , absolutely valueless , he thought , for any building purpose , unless taken in conjunction with adjoining land .
Sarner ascertained that one Joseph Richardson was the owner of the narrow strip along the Avenue .
He offered Richardson $ 1,000 for the land , but Richardson demurred , saying he considered the property worth very much more .
He wanted $ 5,000 .
Sarner refused to pay this price and Richardson called his
visitor a " tight - wad " and slammed the door on him .
Sarner then proceeded with the construction of his apartment house and arranged with the architect who drew the plans that there should be windows overlooking Lexington Avenue .
When the . houses were finished Richardson noted the windows and then and there determined upon his curious revenge .
" I shall build me , " he said to his daughtter , " a couple of tall houses on the little strip which will bar the light from Sarner 's windows overlooking my land , and he 'll find he would have profited had he paid me the $ 5,000 . "
The daughter , Della by name , unavailingly protested , as did also Richardson 's wife , that a house only five feet wide would he uninhabitable .
The old man , who had acquired a reputation as a miser , was obdurate .
" Not only will I build the houses , " he insisted , " but I will live in one of them and I shall rent to other tenants as well .
Everybody is not fat and there will be room enough for people who are not circus or museum folk . "
So , within a year , the house was built .
It effectively blocked out the light from all the side windows on Sarner 's property , and old Dir. Richardson was happy .
The Richardson " Spite House " was four stories in height and was divided into eight suites , two on each floor .
Each suite consisted of three rooms and bath , running along the Lexington Avenue side of the structure .
Only the very smallest furniture could be fitted into the rooms .
The stairways were so narrow that only one person could use a stair at a time .
If a tenant wished to descend or ascend , from one floor to another , he would , of necessity , have to ascertain that no one else was using the stair .
The halls throughout the house were so narrow that one person could pass another only by dodging into of the rooms until the other had passed by .
The largest dining table in any of the suites was 18 inches in width .
The chairs were proportionately small .
The kitchen stoves were the very smallest that are made .
Richardson , with his wife .
Emma - she was the old man 's second wife occupying a suite on the ground floor .
" Miss Della . " as she was known , the daughter , who followed the example of her penurious father in her mode of life declined to live in the Spite House , declaring that it was " too swell " a structure for her .
She was now far along in years and preferred to remain where she had long lived in a dwelling called " the Prison House " on East Houston Street .
She was seen by the neighbors only in the early morning , when she swept the steps , visited the grocery store for some bare necessities and returned to immulate herself in her " prison house ; ' where she refused to see any visitors .
" Miss Della " was almost as wealthy as her father .
She was as avaricious and parsimonious as the old man and owned much property in New York City .
Joseph Richardson died in 1897 at the age of eightyfour .
He left his preoperty - including , of course , the famous " Spite .
House " - to his widow and the two children , one of whom was the " Miss Della " of " Prison House " fame .
The builder of the " Spite House " was buried in a coffin which he had had made thirty - two , years earlier and which he had always stored in a room of the house where he lived .
Soon after the old man 's death " Miss Della " brought suit against her stepmother to dispossess her from her quarters in the " Spite House , " Miss Della " claiming that the aged miser 's wife was merely a tenant and could he evicted upon due notice .
Mrs. Richardson fought the case in the courts for many months .
In the year 1902 the " Spite House " was sold by the heirs to James V. Graham and Charles Reckling .
later it passed into the possession of C. .A. Stein .
a real estate dealer of East 752h Street .
and in 1909 it again changed hands .
On August Z( 1 , 1915 .
the career of the strange house cattle to a sudden end when I3ing & Bing. real estate operators of 119 West 401h Street , abruptly bought the old building , and in short order tore it down , as well as two adjoining houses .
and erected fit their place the big clcvcn - slory apartment house that now stands on the location made historic by the " Spite House . "
New York newspaper turn who visited the " Spite House " wrote interesting stories about the queer building , and it was the subject a generation ago of many jokes and humorous drawings .
Deacon Terry . of " The American . " who is now dead , and who was of rotund figure , was sent by his paper one day in the 90s , to interview Richardson at the " Spite House , *'
He was told at the entrance that Richardson was not in his own apartment on the ground floor and that probable fie had gone up to the roof to see some workmen who were making repairs .
Terry started up but got stuck in the narrow stairway and found that the more he struggled to extricate himself the faster he seemed to become wedged .
A tenant from the ground floor tried to help by pushing from below and a tenant from above who wanted to reach the street pushed in the opposite direction .
It was a hot midsummer day and the corpulent reporter , perspiring profusely , was getting a pretty good mauling between the two tenants when the happy thought occurred to him of slipping out of his clothes .
He found the expedient difficult enough of accomplishment but not impossible .
After ten minutes of hard work he had rid himself of his outer garments .
Forcing the upstairs tenant before him he proceeded to the roof , and to the interview , in his underclothes .
In telling about his adventure later .
Terry said that as he struggled on the stairway , he constantly thought of the loss of weight that attends profuse perspiration and could not but wonder how much or how long he would have to perspire to reduce his avoirdupois to such a point that he could disengage himself from the grasp of the stairway .
With special thanks to Peter Sefton , www.victoriansecrets.net
Feature : Just for Spite
Andrew Alpern , Esq .
The physicists tell us that for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction .
Push against an object and the object pushes back , at least until the force of your action becomes greater than the ability of the object to resist .
There is apparently an element of the human character that parallels that law of physics .
It is evident when an attempt is made to have a little boy take a bath , or to have a teenager clean up her room .
Sometimes , the push - back becomes so counter - productive and even self - defeating that it appears to be generated merely by spite , rather than by rational thought .
This human element of spitefulness appears to come to its fullest flower when adjoining property owners disagree .
Spite fences had a long tradition in urban America , at least until legal statutes and judicial decisions evolved as ammunition against them .
Their builders have ranged across the social and economic spectrum , with the most spectacular barriers erected by people who possessed large amounts of both spite and money .
Blocking the Sun
Charles Crocker was a very wealthy man in pre-earthquake San Francisco .
He erected one of the grandest and most pretentious homes that city had ever seen .
With the house sitting on a huge lot that fronted on three streets , one would have assumed that Crocker owned the whole block .
In fact , a small house on a small plot fronting on only one of the surrounding streets was owned by one Nicholas Yung , who steadfastly refused to sell to Crocker .
Exceptionally spiteful , Crocker determined to blot out the offending holdout structure from view , as well as blocking the sun from reaching Yung 's house .
Crocker 's solution was to erect a 40 - foot - high wall on his own property that surrounded the holdout land on three sides .
This spite fence may have given Crocker satisfaction , but it did n't budge Mr. Yung , who later moved away but never sold out to Crocker .
Curious Notoriety
The spitefulness of Mr. Crocker and his spite fence fades into the minor leagues , however , when compared with the spitefulness of Joseph Richardson and his Spite House .
What is a mere fence when one considers a 100 - foot - long four - story brick and stone house ?
Many building lots in New York City antedate the mapping of the adjoining streets , so when those streets were cut through , odd - shaped parcels were left over .
It was n't until the 1870s that upper Lexington Avenue came into being on the East Side of Manhattan , and when it was laid out , a narrow piece of land at the northwest corner of 82nd Street was left over .
It was 102 feet long but only five feet wide , so it appeared not to have much use .
It was part of a large parcel of land that had been assembled by Thomas W. McLeay and inherited by his wife Emma Jane when he died in 1865 .
In 1881 the skinny site was bought by Emily Emmett , along with two more conventionally shaped adjoining lots .
Although Emmett 's name appears on the deed , the actual owner was her uncle , Joseph Richardson .
Mr. Richardson was a building contractor , a sometimes - developer , and a real estate manipulator who considered it prudent to keep many of his assets in the names of various relatives .
He executed projects for the Vanderbilt and Gould families , and was responsible for constructing the expansion of the original Grand Central Depot ( now known as Grand Central Terminal ) .
Within the context of the normal business practices of that time , his actions in concealing assets from potential creditors were not especially unusual .
It is not known which was the outgrowth of the other , but besides indirectly buying Emma McLeay 's land in 1881 , Mr. Richardson became engaged to her the same year .
Early in 1882 they were married , and concurrently Mr. Richardson 's eccentric behavior gained him a curious notoriety .
Patrick McQuade intended to build a pair of walk - up apartment houses on land he owned on 82nd Street directly adjacent to Mr. Richardson 's five - foot strip on Lexington .
He felt it would be more profitable if one of his houses could enjoy the benefits of a corner location .
He assumed that nothing could be built on the leftover five feet , so he offered $ 1000 for the strip — $ 200 less than the figure at which the city had assessed it .
Mr. Richardson was said to have had more grandiose ideas , and to have held out for $ 5000 , a price Mr. McQuade was unwilling to pay .
The Bay Window Clause
Undaunted , Mr. McQuade hired the prolific architect Alfred B. Ogden to design his apartment buildings , including windows on the lot line under the assumption that Mr. Richardson 's lot would forever remain vacant .
Construction of the pair of buildings began on May 22 , 1882 , triggering Richardson 's spitefulness .
Fresh from just having completed the construction of a marble - fronted row of three conventional one - family residences adjoining to the north , he returned to the drafting board and less than a month later , filed plans for a pair of buildings of his own , each 51 feet long , on the Lexington Avenue sliver lot .
While each house was nominally only five feet wide , advantage was taken of a clause in the New York City building regulations that permitted corner houses to have bay window extensions .
This enabled the main rooms on each floor to be a little more than seven feet wide .
Since the Richardson buildings were much smaller than those of Mr. McQuade , they took less effort to construct , and were completed in November 1882 , almost five months earlier than the side - street houses .
Perhaps exhausted from the battle with Richardson , Mr. McQuade sold his two apartment houses on September 1 , 1884 , to Heyman Sarner , a local clothier .
While Richardson must have been a trifle odd to have built such a pair of houses just for spite , he proved himself even stranger , because he actually moved into one of them and lived in it .
He rented the other out to tenants at $ 500 per year .
Furnishing a house as narrow as Richardson 's required specially made furniture , the dining table being only 18 inches wide and the chairs proportionately small .
The kitchen stove was the smallest the manufacturer had ever constructed , and the beds were barely wide enough to hold their occupants .
The staircase and halls in the Spite House were too narrow to permit two people to pass , and for some they were n't even wide enough for one .
The story is told that Deacon Terry , a reporter for The American , was sent to the house one summer day to interview Mr. Richardson and got stuck in the winding staircase .
Despite the efforts of neighbors to push him one way or the other , the broad - girthed Mr. Terry remained firmly wedged in .
Only by wriggling out of his clothes was he able to extricate himself , and he finished the interview on the roof in his shorts .
Having arrived in New York from his native England in 1833 , Mr. Richardson forged a successful career as a contractor and accumulated significant wealth in the process .
Despite this , he was frugal in the extreme and went to great lengths to conserve his funds .
For years he carried his lunch to work with him in a paper bag ( reused until it wore out ) , and Richardson himself confirmed that he had once persuaded a physician to halve his bill , much in the manner of the infamous multimillionaire Hetty Green , by disguising himself in the raiment of a hod carrier and pleading poverty .
Joseph and Emma Richardson were content to live in the Spite House , but Dellaripha Richardson , Joseph 's daughter by his first wife , refused to visit it , declaring that it was " too swell " for her tastes .
She preferred to remain where she had long lived , in a dwelling on East Houston Street called by her neighbors " the Prison House . "
Reflecting her father 's penchant for odd behavior , she was seen by the neighbors only in the early morning , when she swept the steps , visited the grocery store for some bare necessities , and returned to immure herself behind barred windows , where she refused to see any visitors .
Spitefulness in the Family
The daughter was as avaricious and parsimonious as the father , and after his death in 1897 , she brought suit to contest the will , which gave her stepmother a portion of her father 's estate .
Joseph Richardson 's holdings were said to have been worth something between $ 4 million and $ 30 million , but little could be located .
Dellaripha herself refused to turn over to the Surrogate 's Court some strongboxes of her father 's she had been keeping , and did so only when threatened with jail .
When the boxes were opened , the bonds they were supposed to have contained had vanished .
Other assets similarly disappeared , showing up later in her vault and that of her brother George .
When the legal battle over the will was finally resolved and the document admitted to probate two years later , barely enough cash was realized to pay the $ 50,000 legacy Mr. Richardson had left to his Baptist pastor , the $ 17,500 he left to pay off the mortgage on his church , and to reimburse the $ 200,000 his widow asserted she had spent on legal fees .
Emma Richardson was not finished fighting with her stepdaughter , however .
In August 1900 and again the following November , Dellaripha brought a claim against her stepmother in an attempt to dispossess her from the Spite House so it could be sold for the daughter 's benefit .
Although Joseph Richardson had transferred ownership of the Spite House to his wife in 1892 , in 1896 he gave his daughter a deed to the same property .
Thinking she owned the building , Dellaripha claimed the old woman was merely a tenant - at - will and could be evicted .
The judge who dismissed the suits expressed regret that he could n't find some harsher way to deal with the difficult stepdaughter .
Mr. Richardson 's Spite House cramped his neighbor 's building , and was a local landmark for more than thirty years , but in September of 1915 it vanished , a victim of progress .
The real estate development firm of Bing and Bing bought the Richardson property as well as the adjacent Sarner houses and tore them down to make room for a newer and larger apartment house .
Mr. Richardson 's adjoining marble - fronted row remains , however , converted to stores on the ground floor with apartments above .
Andrew Alpern is an architectural historian , architect , and attorney .
This article is adapted from his 1984 book , New York 's Architectural Holdouts , republished in 1996 by Dover Publications .
Alpern 's latest book is The New York Apartment Houses of Rosario Candela and James Carpenter , published by Acanthus Press .
Those little ads - 12 word snippets of text , linked to topics that interest users - have turned Google into one of the biggest advertising vehicles the world has ever seen .
This year , Google will sell $ US6.1 billion ( $ 8.26 billion ) in ads , nearly double what it sold last year , according to Anthony Noto , an analyst at Goldman Sachs .
That is more than is sold by any newspaper chain , magazine publisher or television network .
By next year , Noto says , he expects Google to have ad revenue of $ US9.5 billion .
That would place it fourth among US media companies in total ad sales after Viacom , News Corporation and the Walt Disney Co , but ahead of giants including NBC Universal and Time Warner .
Not content to just suck advertising dollars from web searches , Google is using its windfall to pay for ambitious projects that could radically disrupt other industries .
Among other things , it is offering to build a free wireless internet network in San Francisco , plans to scan nearly every book published and is testing a free classified advertising system it calls Google Base .
More quietly , Google is also preparing to disrupt the advertising business itself , by replacing creative salesmanship with cold number - crunching .
Its premise so far is that advertising is most effective when seen only by people who are interested in what 's for sale , based on what they are searching for or reading about on the web .
Because Google 's ad - buying clients pay for ads only when users click on them , they can precisely measure their effectiveness - and will pay more for ads that really sell their products .
Google created what it says is one of the most sophisticated artificial intelligence systems ever built .
In a fraction of a second , it can evaluate millions of variables about its users and advertisers , correlate them with its potential database of billions of ads and deliver the message to which each user is most likely to respond .
Users click ads 50 - 100 per cent more often on Google than they do on Yahoo , Noto estimates , and that is a powerful driver of growth and profits .
" Because the ads are more relevant , " he says , " they create a better return for advertisers , which causes them to spend more money , which gives Google better margins . "
( Yahoo is working on its own technology to narrow that gap . )
Google already sells its text ads for many other sites on the internet and is also moving to sell the picture - based interactive advertising preferred by marketers .
Now it is preparing to extend its technology to nearly every other medium , most significantly television .
It is looking toward a world of digital cable boxes and internet - delivered television that will allow it to show commercials tailored for each viewer , as it does now for each Web page it displays .
EricE .Schmidt , Google 's chief executive , explains its astounding success in advertising - and reconciles it with the founders ' distrust of hucksterism - by suggesting that advertising should be interesting , relevant and useful to users .
" Improving ad quality improves Google 's revenue , " he said in an interview at the company 's headquarters , known as the Googleplex .
" If we target the right ad to the right person at the right time and they click it , we win . "
This proposition , he continues , is applicable to other media .
" If we can figure out a way to improve the quality of ads on television with ads that have real value for end - users , we should do it , " he said .
While he is watching television , for example , " Why do I see women 's clothing ads ? " he says .
" Why do n't I see just men 's clothing ads ? "
The media and advertising industries certainly see a future in which television ads are aimed at individual viewers .
But few apart from the engineering PhDs at Google think that television ads should simply be utilitarian , rather than entertaining , provocative or annoyingly repetitive - the models that have worked so far .
And some media industry executives wonder whether Google , which has become the most powerful force in internet advertising , should also become the clearing house for ads - a kind of advertising Nasdaq .
" For all of us to throw all our eggs in the Google basket is dangerous , because no one should have that much power , " says Jeff Jarvis , who publishes BuzzMachine , a blog about the media , and is a consultant for About.com , a division of The New York Times Company .
He adds that if Google were to expand its ad sales to other media outlets , prices would fall .
" Google commoditises everything , " he says .
There is no better example of that than Google Base , which allows users to post all sorts of information free , including classified ads , he says .
Newspapers , which increasingly use Google to sell ads on their own web pages , will see Google Base as a " frontal assault " on their lucrative classified - ad business , and they will say , " I ca n't trust Google , " Jarvis says .
Brin says preliminary versions of Google Base have leaked onto the internet and that the company 's partners should not fear it .
" Google Base is as much about classified as it is about zoology , " he says .
The job of sourcing revenue for Google fell to Omid Kordestani , a former Netscape sales executive who was brought to the company in 1999 by K. Ram Shriram , another Netscape alumnus and an early Google investor .
Kordestani explored a range of ideas , including charging users for searches as well as selling Google 's technology to corporations or to other websites - notably Yahoo - that were less shy about selling ads .
Eventually , in 2000 , Google started to sell text ads on its own site , but they were only a few lines of text placed above the search results .
There were no graphics and no banners and the ads were sold at fixed prices .
In early 2002 , a Google employee , Salar Kamangar , now 28 , convinced Schmidt and the founders to switch to an auction - based system where advertisers paid only if their ad was clicked on , and the advertiser who bid the most per click was listed first .
Kamangar , though , argued that rather than giving priority to advertisers that bid the most per click , they should prefer ads that brought in the most money - a combination of the bid and the number of ad clicks on the ad .
This was more profitable and linked readers to ads that were more relevant to them .
He also suggested using a Vickrey auction - that is , charging the winner only US1c more than the second - highest bidder .
That gives advertisers an incentive to bid high .
Page and Brin were suspicious of any system that put high - bidding advertisers at the top , Kamangar says .
" They thought if someone was willing to pay more it was a negative , " he recalls .
But he was able to convince them that the site could be improved by incorporating how often users clicked on an ad .
Schmidt , who was still new as chief executive , feared moving to an entirely auction - based system - amid a recession in online advertising - could be financially disastrous .
In fact , revenue quickly increased tenfold .
As Google 's audience took off , advertisers large and small came running .
Among the largest is eBay , which has long bought keywords for nearly every sort of merchandise it sells .
" The smartest thing that Google did was getting smaller advertisers to buy in , " says Ellen Siminoff , the chief executive of Efficient Frontier , an agency that helps advertisers manage their campaigns on search engines .
She estimates Google has two to three times as many advertisers as Yahoo does , largely because Yahoo has a US10c minimum bid .
This lets Google earn money on more obscure search terms for which rivals have no ads .
This growing advertising business gave Google the confidence to expand its audience .
Most significantly , in 2002 , America Online brought in Google to replace Overture , which provided both searches and search ads ; that deal enshrined Google as the premier search engine and ad network .
Google won the deal by guaranteeing AOL a substantial sum , which it will not disclose .
" If we were wrong , " Kordestani says , " there were some scenarios that would bankrupt the company . "
But by that point , Google had figured out that the same sort of computing and engineering skill that it used to find web pages could also be used to improve the quality and , ultimately , the profitability of advertising .
Google introduced its current system for determining which ad to show on which page late last year .
It is a wonder of technology that rivals its search engine in complexity .
For every page that Google shows , more than 100 computers evaluate more than a million variables to choose the advertisements in its database to display - in milliseconds .
The computers look at the amount bid and the budget of the advertiser , but they also consider the user , including their location ( by analysing internet connections ) , the time of day and myriad other factors Google has tracked and analysed from its experience with advertisements .
This technology is both amazing and potentially frightening .
Google already collects and keeps vast amount of data about what web pages and advertisements each of its users click on to select the ad shown on each page .
For now , Google says it identifies users only by a number in a cookie it places on each computer that uses Google .
It says it has not connected the vast dossier of interests and behaviour to specific users by name .
But that could change as it offers more personal services and works more tightly with partners who already have such personal information .
Lauren Weinstein , the founder of the Privacy Forum , said the data that Google collects creates troubling privacy issues , especially because it declines to say what data it keeps or for how long .
" If you start to target people based on a corpus of data , it can be abused in various ways , " he says .
Government investigators and lawyers in civil suits regularly get court orders to force internet companies to reveal email messages and other personal information about users .
Google recently rewrote its privacy policy to make it easier to understand what data it collects , but it did not scale back its data retention .
Nor did it , as Weinstein and others have demanded , give users the right to see the data collected about them .
For now , the only personal information Google says it considers is the user 's location , which allows it to display ads for local merchants .
It is starting to encourage other websites to send it the ZIP codes of their registered users so Google can display ads relevant to their location .
Brin says
Google will not use the data inappropriately .
" I do n't think it 's a big deal to show opera glasses to someone searching for binoculars that you somehow infer is a woman , " he says .
" But you do n't want to pop up ads for HIV drugs on someone 's page , because you inferred they have HIV , when their boss is standing there looking at their computer . "
To be sure , other websites are far more aggressive in using personal information .
Yahoo , for example , will let marketers display ads to users based on demographic information the users provide as well as the users ' surfing and searching history .
Microsoft 's new system for MSN explicitly allows advertisers to bid different prices for clicks from users of different ages , sexes and locations .
In addition to selling ads on its site and sites that use its search technology , Google places text ads on sites published by professional media companies and by amateurs .
Created in 2003 , this technology , called AdSense for Content , has made advertising on Google more attractive and was the economic foundation for the rise of blogs .
Advertisers , meanwhile , have had to scramble to adapt to this completely different approach to buying ads .
They needed to find ways to keep track of bids on thousands of keywords , and to measure which ads , tied to which keywords , produced which sales - and then to figure out if they had bid the right amount for the ad .
Many advertisers and their agencies have a powerful love - hate relationship with Google .
They find it a meaningful source of leads and sales , but Google has sometimes been hard to deal with .
There is a growing sense that a significant number of clicks that advertisers pay for are fraudulent - made by competitors trying to deplete advertising budgets or by websites trying to bolster the revenue they get for displaying the ads .
Google says it has technology to minimise " click fraud " , but many think the incidence of fraud is not as low as Google contends .
Here , as in other places , many advertisers criticise Google for being like a black box , because the company gives them less specific information and control than they would like .
Until recently , for example , advertisers could not specify where their ads ran , though they were convinced that some websites in Google 's network were much more likely than others to send them customers .
Google responded with what it calls " smart pricing " technology that discounts certain ads if Google 's analysis shows that they are seen on sites it determines are less likely to produce paying customers .
But Google discloses little about how this works , and advertisers find it frustrating .
" Google is very opaque and bizarre to deal with , " says Joshua Stylman , a managing partner at Reprise Media , a search advertising agency , but he adds that Google has become somewhat more responsive in recent months .
Schmidt addresses those complaints by saying that advertisers are missing the point of Google 's new model .
It should n't matter what Google does with their ads , he argues , so long as the received value , which advertisers can measure , is higher than the price they pay .
The entire discipline of media planning may be rendered obsolete - just as Google 's automated news website threatens the livelihoods of human news editors .
In any case , Schmidt believes that science will replace much of the art of marketing .
" I have this fantasy that goes like this , " he said at one point .
" You are the CEO of a large company , and I come to you and say , ' Give me $ US1 million and give me your website , and we will guarantee you will get $ US100 million in sales . '
Which CEO would turn that down ? "
Google is n't quite pursuing that sort of deal , but it is trying to have big retailers link their inventory systems directly to its advertising auction .
That way , a toy store chain , for example , could respond to a search for dolls with an ad for Barbies or Bratz , depending on which were overstocked in the store near the user 's home .
" Most retailers only advertise 5 per cent of their products , " says Tim Armstrong , Google 's vice president for ad sales .
" We can let them advertise all of them . "
On the other end of the spectrum , Google is trying to focus on what the internet market calls branding advertising - the sort that dominates television and magazines and creates awareness of a product , but does n't directly call on viewers to buy right away .
Yahoo , AOL and MSN have all evolved the simple banner ad into more elaborate units with animation , interactivity and sometimes video formats that have been embraced by national advertisers .
Google has convinced some companies that its text ads can help build awareness of their products , even if people do n't click on them to buy something .
But top executives are also developing a broader strategy for branding advertisements .
Google has already allowed its so - called publisher network - sites for which it sells ads - to accept advertising with limited graphics .
At first , these were simple images , perhaps with a little animation .
It is now moving to accept ads that use the popular Flash technology that allows for more interactivity .
So far , these ads have been only a tiny part of Google 's business .
Indeed , such ads shine a spotlight on the mental compromise that Brin and Page made when they overcame their initial objections to advertising on their service .
Text ads , they argued , were not the normal fluff of Madison Avenue , but useful information .
" Advertising was not a business built by logic , and we do n't work by algorithm , " says Wenda Harris Millard , Yahoo's chief sales officer .
" We need to be more accountable , but that does n't mean you sacrifice art and creativity . "
Schmidt acknowledges that as Google explores moving into television , it may well face a conflict between its core belief that advertising must be useful and the typical television commercial that is " based on feeling and emotion . "
" Our model is likely to affect television last , " he said , while expressing optimism that a formula for useful , targeted commercials could be found .
For now , he quickly adds , the market for various forms of direct marketing is three times larger than that for television ads .
" We are in the really boring part of the business , " Schmidt concludes , " the boring big business . "
The New York Times
An Estimate of the Number of Shakespeare 's Atoms
in a Living Human Being
I. The General Mathematical Analysis
W ith reasonable assumptions , it is possible to estimate the number of atoms in one 's body that originated from within William Shakespeare .
There are three sources of Shakespearean atoms : ( i ) those produced at the time of his death , ( ii ) those breathed out during his lifetime and ( iii ) and those that exited in the form of solid , liquid and gaseous waste ( Please avoid imaginative thought here ) while he was alive .
It turns out that source ( i ) is considerably smaller than sources ( ii ) and ( iii ) .
Let S be the total number of atoms that originated from Shakespeare and entered the environment .
Most of these source atoms are rapidly dispersed .
For example , winds and weather thoroughly mix atmospheric molecules around the world within a few months .
Any atoms entering the ocean are probably thoroughly distributed within a few years .
The same is true of waste that is processed by microbes .
Rain , evaporation and other natural processes also lead to molecular exchanges among oceans , land and air .
Let E be the total number of atoms in the environment .
Then the probability P that such an atom came from Shakespeare is
P = S/ E
N = P B = S x B/E ( 1 )
in
out
in
out
p = A / B
r out p = r A / B ( 2 )
r in P = r S/E ( 3 )
A = S x B/E
II .
Estimating the Numbers
T o determine N , we need estimates for S , B and E .
Take the mass of a human to be about 80 kilograms .
Since each mole ( 6 x 10 23 atoms = N A = " Avogadro's number " ) weighs about 12 grams ( the molar mass of a carbon atom ) , there are 80,000 x ( 6 x 10 23 ) / 12 atoms in a human body :
B = 4 x 10 27
18
21
A
44
24
47
44
E = 1.4 x 10 47
23
22
30
26
30
S = 7 x 10 30
N = 2 x 10 11
III .
Conclusions , Comments and Other Interesting Facts
Adjust font size :
Editor 's note : Jay Bakker , son of former Praise The Lord leaders Jim Bakker and Tammy Faye Messner , is minister of Revolution Church and subject of a new documentary series , " One Punk Under God , " on Sundance Channel .
Marc Brown is a Revolution staff member .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
What the hell happened ?
Where did we go wrong ?
How was Christianity co-opted by a political party ?
Why are Christians supporting laws that force others to live by their standards ?
The answers to these questions are integral to the survival of Christianity .
While the current state of Christianity might seem normal and business - as - usual to some , most see through the judgment and hypocrisy that has permeated the church for so long .
People witness this and say to themselves , " Why would I want to be a part of that ? "
They are turned off by Christians and eventually , to Christianity altogether .
We can't even count the number of times someone has given us a weird stare or completely brushed us off when they discover we work for a church .
( Watch how self - proclaimed punk preacher Jay Bakker has found his own niche in the Christian community )
So when did the focus of Christianity shift from the unconditional love and acceptance preached by Christ to the hate and condemnation spewed forth by certain groups today ?
Some say it was during the rise of Conservative Christianity in the early 1980s with political action groups like the Moral Majority .
Others say it goes way back to the 300s , when Rome 's Christian Emperor Constantine initiated a set of laws limiting the rights of Roman non-Christians .
Regardless of the origin , one thing is crystal clear :
It 's not what Jesus stood for .
His parables and lessons were focused on love and forgiveness , a message of " come as you are , not as you should be . "
The bulk of his time was spent preaching about helping the poor and those who are unable to help themselves .
At the very least , Christians should be counted on to lend a helping hand to the poor and others in need .
This brings us to the big issues of American Christianity : Abortion and gay marriage .
These two highly debatable topics will not be going away anytime soon .
Obviously , the discussion centers around whether they are right or wrong , but is the screaming really necessary ?
After years of witnessing the dark side of religion , Marc and I think not .
Christians should be able to look past their differences and agree to disagree .
This allows people to discuss issues with respect for one another .
Christians are called to love others just as they are , without an agenda .
Only then will Christianity see a return to its roots : Loving
God with all of your heart and loving your neighbor as yourself .
The Apostle Paul describes this idea of love beautifully in 1 Corinthians 13:4 - 7 : " Love is patient and kind .
Love is not jealous or boastful or proud or rude .
It does not demand its own way .
It is not irritable , and it keeps no record of being wronged .
It does not rejoice about injustice but rejoices whenever the truth wins out .
Love never gives up , never loses faith , is always hopeful , and endures through every circumstance . "
But do n't take our word for it ; look at what Jesus and his followers stood for in his time and what Christianity stands for today .
Then come to your own conclusion .
What is your take on this commentary ?
E-mail us
The opinions expressed in this commentary are those of the writer .
This is part of an occasional series of commentaries on CNN.com that offers a broad range of perspectives , thoughts and points of view .
Your responses
CNN.com asked readers for their thoughts on this commentary .
We received a lot of excellent responses .
Below you will find a small selection of those e-mails , some of which have been edited for length and spelling .
Jennifer Miller , Sycamore , Illinois
I am so encouraged to hear someone express what I feel is never stated .
Christianity should always have been about love and acceptance , " come as you are , " and our family has always felt like we need to meet some criteria to worship , and that has kept us away .
Christianity strayed from its true goal as soon as money and power became part of the equation -- what a shame .
Tim Shank , Pemberville , Ohio
I would like to know if the writers of this article ever sat down and read the Gospel of Matthew , the Gospel of Mark , the Gospel of Luke , and the Gospel of John from the first verse of Chapter 1 to the last verse of each book ?
It is quite clear the writers are erroneous in their understanding of Jesus birth , life , and death , and the purpose for which He came .
Peter Carylyle - Gordge , Winnipeg , Canada
Those frauds and hypocrites who subvert the Christian message for their own agenda are actually damaging to Christ .
Remember who Christ hung around with .... tax collectors and hookers :
The despised in society .
Mainline religious attitudes to gay rights and many other issues long ago convinced me to stop attending church .
I worship God in my own way .
The hypocrites who cloak themselves and their evil prejudices in the clothes of the savior do not have a clue who he is or what he means .
Robert Hvarven , Black , Alabama
Yes , Jesus preached love and acceptance , but he also preached against Sin .
We are to love the sinner while despising the sin .
The Word of God tells us WE cannot judge the person as only God is the final authority and judge of our lives .
But , we are supposed to judge the " fruit " of one 's life and admonish those that do not follow the nature of God in the personal life .
Kelly Hahn , Wilmore , Kentucky
I agree with the assessment that Christianity and conservative politics should not be tied at the hip , but I disagree that abortion does n't warrant screaming .
For those convinced that a fetus is a living person , screaming on behalf of that life which is threatened to be snuffed out is a Christian move .
Sam Harris , Lenexa , Kansas
Amen .
As an elder in our church , thank you for your outstanding column .
Too many times , the message from Jesus has been twisted to suit someone 's personal agenda .
Glenda Harris , New Bern , North Carolina
God is a loving God.
But
He is also a God of judgment .
It 's all through the Old Testament and the New Testament .
God will not stand for flesh exalting itself or doing as it pleases .
We reap what we sow in all cases .
God is pure and He is Holy .
He can not lie and He chanages not .
We rebel against Him and we reap the consequences .
But , if we diligently seek after God , He will reward His people .
To love God with all your heart is to mortify the deeds of this flesh .
Ramey , Plymouth , Massachusetts
At what point is change required ?
Being Christian demands change .
God loves the one who is sinning , but remember , Jesus came to preach forgiveness of sins and repentance .
You mention nothing of repentance -- the mark of a true follower of Christ .
If the sinner does not repent , God still loves them and so should we who are Christian , but that does not mean we approve of or accept sinful behaviors .
Remember this kingdom axiom --
It is OK to not be OK , it is not OK to stay not OK .
Margot Fernandez , Tucson , Arizona
Homosexuals are today 's lepers .
They are discriminated against , hated and marginalized .
The Republican Party is actually seeking to take rights away from them -- rights that they have both as human beings and as American citizens .
And lest we forget : Jesus and his followers ministered to lepers .
Sometimes they healed them , yes , but also they simply took care of them .
We should remember the words of Jesus : " Go and do thou likewise . "
Aaron Hinkley , Houston , Texas
As an Eastern Orthodox Christian and a political moderate , I have never felt comfortable with the American Evangelical Christian Right .
However , I do take offense at the contention of this commentary that St. Constantine the Great and his legalization of Christianity within the Roman Empire is somehow responsible for the Christian Right in this country .
By legalizing Christianity , Constantine had an enormous impact on western civilization for the better .
Undertoad Radical Centrist
Join Date : Jan 2001 Location : Cottage of Prussia Posts : 31,292
March 21 , 2007 : Giant crystal cave in Mexico
( c ) Javier Trueba / Madrid Scientific Films /
Yes , it 's another of those images too wide for your browser .
But I had to keep these sized
like this , because you wanted to see the large version .
You know you did .
It 's another axlrosen submittal , which was also
( c ) Javier Trueba / Madrid Scientific Films /
The complete explanation comes from
Quote :
The crystal cavern was discovered within the same limestone body that hosts
the silver - zinc - lead ore bodies exploited by the mine .
The cavern was probably
dissolved by the same hydrothermal fluids that deposited the metals with the gypsum
being crystallized during the waning stages of mineralization .
The crystals probably grew
relatively quickly to their immense size within a completely liquid - filled cavern .
They 're working to document this place , but it 's difficult , because it stays 125 - 150
degrees F ( 50 - 65 degrees C ) and stays at 100 % humidity .
So , just when you thought this
place was eerie enough , back to the explanation :
Quote :
In April 2000 , brothers Juan and Pedro Sanchez were drilling a new tunnel when they made
a truly spectacular discovery .
While Naica miners are accustomed to finding crystals , Juan and
Pedro were absolutely amazed by the cavern that they found .
The brothers immediately informed
the engineer in charge , Roberto Gonzalez .
Ing .
Gonzalez realized that they had discovered a
natural treasure and quickly rerouted the tunnel .
During this phase some damage was done
as several miners tried to remove pieces of the mega- crystals , so the mining company soon
installed an iron door to protect the find .
Later , one of the workers , with the intention of
stealing crystals , managed to get in through a narrow hole .
He tried to take some plastic bags
filled with fresh air inside , but the strategy did n't work .
He lost consciousness and later was
found thoroughly baked .
( c ) Javier Trueba / Madrid Scientific Films / ( c ) Javier Trueba / Madrid Scientific Films / madridsf@gmail.com
Yes , it 's another of those images too wide for your browser .
But I had to keep these sizedlike this , because you wanted to see the large version .
You know you did .
It 's another axlrosen submittal , which was also Boing Boing'd .
The shots at the site BB links to have extreme JPEG compression issues .
Snooping around for better ones , only Snopes message board had clearer original photos .
( c ) Javier Trueba / Madrid Scientific Films / madridsf@gmail.com
The complete explanation comes from here
No I do n't understand it either .
But it 's gypsum .
They 're working to document this place , but it 's difficult , because it stays 125 - 150 degrees F ( 50 - 65 degrees C ) and stays at 100 % humidity .
So , just when you thought thisplace was eerie enough , back to the explanation : ( c ) Javier Trueba / Madrid Scientific Films / madridsf@gmail.com
Faculty fakes gunman attack on crying 6th graders RAW STORY
Published : Monday May 14 , 2007 Print This Email
This A teacher and assistant principal at a Tennessee elementary school staged a fake gun attack on frightened students during a class trip , sparking outrage among parents , according to a report from CNN 's Newsroom .
According to school board member Lon Nuell , the prank was poorly timed .
" Ghost stories are standard , and you scare the kids out of their wits , " said Nuell .
" But this was very unfortunate timing , if the timing would ever be good for this sort of thing , this was not it , " referring to the Virginia Tech shootings that killed 33 students and professors in April .
According to one student who participated in the trip , Dalton Brown , the assistant principal instructed the students to get under desks and said that they had a " code red "  reserved for when an individual is in possession of a gun , knife , or bomb .
The school later issued a press release classifying the events as a " typical campfire prank . "
According to Brown 's mother , the prank crossed the line .
" It 's just appalling that they would classify this as such a thing , because there 's nothing typical about what they did to our children , " said Brown .
" The kids were underneath tables crying and praying to God and begging for their lives , thinking that they were gonna die and that they were never going to see their families again . "
By Nicola Cook
BBC Horizon
The so - called perfect murder - an undetectable crime where the killer gets away scot free - has long been the stuff of mystery fiction .
From the icicle to the leg of lamb , authors have strived to come up with more imaginative weapons and crimes than their predecessors .
But would any of these ingenious methods work ?
Staging a death to look like an accident is one of the first things an aspiring murderer might try .
But when a pathologist examines the body of the victim they 're not just looking for the cause of death .
Other minor injuries - like bruising from a struggle , or scratch marks where a body has been dragged - can reveal a murder .
If you 're dumping a body , of course you do n't think where 's the hypostasis , you just dump the body and run
Dr Richard Shepherd
Pathologist
If a body is found lying on its right - hand side , but the red staining due to hypostasis is down the left - hand side , then the body has clearly been moved .
" It gives us a very important clue , " says pathologist Dr Richard Shepherd .
" If you 're dumping a body , of course you do n't think where 's the hypostasis , you just dump the body and run . "
The body can reveal a lot of secrets , so a number of killers have tried to get rid of their victim 's body altogether .
Mass graves
In the 1940s the " acid bath murderer " John Haigh attempted to dissolve the bodies of six victims in sulphuric acid .
This destroys bones and tissue but it can't digest fats - or plastic .
This is how John Haigh was caught .
A pair of dentures , a red plastic handbag , and three human gallstones - covered in a layer of fat - were retrieved from the acid sludge found at his workshop .
One mistake and a killer is caught
Another method of body disposal comes from forensic scientists themselves .
DNA expert Eleanor Graham at the University of Leicester says : " It was developed for situations like the mass graves in Bosnia Herzegovina , where you find mostly skeletonised remains , but a bit of soft tissue adhering .
" You need to clean these bones up and to preserve the DNA for identification purposes .
The old systems included boiling at high temperatures which was extremely destructive to the DNA . "
What these scientists now do is simply heat the remains gently with biological washing powder .
The biological enzymes eat away at the flesh , leaving just the bones behind .
This would certainly make a murder more difficult to investigate but not impossible .
Some people are more likely to deposit their DNA than other people
Eleanor Graham
DNA expert
Gunshot and knife wounds may still be visible on the bones , and any blow with a blunt instrument is likely to have shattered or cracked them .
But there is a weapon that would n't leave visible evidence behind .
It 's the one professional assassins favour - poison .
The victim may not even realise what 's happened until the murderer is many miles away .
The most recent example is Alexander Litvinenko 's poisoning with polonium late last year .
It took the investigators weeks to identify the poison , because polonium - 210 had never been used in this way before .
But what Litvinenko's poisoner may not have realised is that this ingenious poison might also give them away .
Tiny fibres
The alpha radiation given out by polonium - 210 can be detected in incredibly small quantities .
As the poisoner escaped they were leaving behind a radioactive trail that may yet lead to their capture .
This type of trace evidence is the final piece of the perfect murder puzzle .
Modern crime scene investigators can spot much more than just fingerprints .
The CSI team can pick up tiny fibres of clothing , shoeprints from a carpet , and of course DNA .
The world 's best detectives are one step ahead
And Ms Graham says our DNA may actually make some of us better criminals than others .
" Some people are more likely to deposit their DNA than other people .
One person could pick up a bottle of water , put it down , you get a full profile .
" Another one could drink from it and you would n't pick up very much .
No one knows exactly why this is but there does seem to be a very big difference . "
So if someone sheds less DNA , that would reduce the risk of leaving tell - tale evidence .
But that 's also why the real - life " perfect " murder is likely to fail .
It relies too heavily on chance .
Every single element must come together perfectly .
The forensic scientists need just one mistake and the criminal could be caught .
If someone wants to get away with murder their best hope is to be very , very lucky .
Horizon :
How to commit the perfect murder is on BBC Two at 2100 BST on Tuesday 8 May
One of the American Mafia bosses had sign above his desk saying something like " the best secret is known by three men , and two of them are dead " .
The only way to commit a " perfect " murder is by conspiracy and to have bent cops on your side .... there is always a mistake , or a link to the killer otherwise .
The other way to do a perfect murder would be in a totally random way - like some kind of psycho , killing a stranger then leaving the country .
Phil Harrington , Newport S Wales
If you want to kill someone and get away with it ; run them over .
Many car - related crimes are unsolved and killing someone with a car is seen , in our society , as far less serious than doing so with a gun .
Has anyone found the white Fiat that was in the underpass with Diana 's Merc ?
Hoddy , Croydon
The perfect murder was the execution of Charles I .
The man had a mask on , there were no forensics then , and despite scores of witnesses , the killer was never even questioned .
Nigel Macarthur , London , England
Of course there may be thousands of perfect murders a year - the point being that if they are perfect murders then no - one will recognise them as such , they will be suicides , accidents or natural deaths .
We therefore have no way of knowing quite how good current forensics are .
Kasimir , Oxford
Perfect Murder ?
Elvis Presley .
Amara , USA
Perfect murders happen all the time .
Every unsolved murder , every missing person , perhaps .
The greatest perfect murders have probably already happened because the police defined them suicides or accidents .
So the perfect murder is one that one even thinks is a murder .
Reno , Southampton , UK
If people think that shows like Quincy or CSI show how to commit a perfect murder then they are very much mistaken .
Both shows are riddled with scientific errors even an A level student would see through .
Regardless of forensic evidence , it 's still possible to be convicted of murder even without a body being found .
John Airey , Peterborough , UK
I think that there is the " perfect " murder , but probably just by accident .
JonBenet Ramsey is one example .
Kara Tyson , Mobile , AL USA
This is all very interesting , but is it really responsible journalism ?
Programs like CSI have already been accused of the " CSI effect " - and they 're really just entertainment programs , so the details are n't always realistic or accurate .
Even if people do n't use your information to get away with crimes , they may think they 'll be able to get away with crimes .
Therefore , people might commit crimes they 'd otherwise have not committed , because of fear of getting caught .
There is some information that should be closely guarded - here , the benefit of the information is limited , whilst the potential cost is high .
Ankush , Leeds , UK
Ankush , get a grip .
This article reveals very little , and probably nothing that could n't be found in an introductory pathology text book .
Skid , UK
I think that this article is irresponsible .
Is n't there enough crime and murders in the world without giving hints on how to create the perfect crime and avoid being caught ?!
Some people may read this article and find it interesting .
However , what about the people who are n't of sound mind ?
Surely this puts ideas into their head .
Victoria Charles , Leeds
While I see merit in comments relating to copy - cat style happenings , if someone is willing to commit a murder , they will do it regardless of whether they read / saw something that would ' help ' them .
There is way too much finger - pointing going on in today 's society , what is wrong with portraying an informative subject on a darker matter ?
It 's much better than another show about driving decorated cars too fast or making way for another fickle reality show .
Simon Clements - Hawes , Truro , Cornwall
Sounds like an interesting programme - pity it clashes with CSI .
TeeGee , Belfast
EL ZACATON , Mexico ( Reuters ) - NASA is testing an underwater robot in one of Earth ’s deepest sinkholes in a first step toward searching for life on Jupiter ’s icy moon , Europa .
Nathaniel Fairfield , an expert in robotics at Carnegie Mellon University , prepares the self - automated " DEPTHX " ( Deep Phreatic Thermal Explorer ) robot to explore El Zacaton sinkhole , or cenote , in the northwestern Mexican state of Tamaulipas May 17 , 2007 .
NASA is testing an underwater robot in one of the world 's deepest sinkholes to search for tiny creatures on Jupiter 's icy moon Europa , speculating that the dark well on Mexico 's Gulf coast may help to discover life beyond earth .
REUTERS / Tomas Bravo
El Zacaton , near the Gulf coast of northeastern Mexico , is about 100 metres ( 328 feet ) wide and more than 1,000 metres ( 3,280 feet ) deep .
It could easily hold the Eiffel Tower .
Scientists plan to map and take samples in the dark , water - filled fissure with the 1.5 tonne DEPTHX robot over the next two weeks as a prelude to the proposed navigation of Europa ’s ice - capped oceans in about 20 years .
The mission is the latest step in a 400 - year - old endeavor to understand Jupiter and its distant moons .
“ We ’re so sure there ’s water on Europa that the real question is whether there is also life , whether there ’s something in the ocean that bugs can eat , ” said Chris McKay of the NASA Ames Research Center in California .
“ This robot is the ideal way to search , ” he said .
Lowered by a 60 - tonne crane , the battery - powered robot , nicknamed “ Clementine ” for its round shape and orange color , will make daily descents into the vertical cave known in Mexico as a cenote .
It will produce three - dimensional maps , collect rock samples and using floodlights , film nooks and crannies too deep for divers to reach .
Mars , Europa and Saturn ’s moon Enceladus are the only known places in the solar system known to have or have had water , the basis for all life .
Finding organisms different from those on Earth may provide scientists with answers to questions ranging from where diseases come from to how our sun and planets formed more than 4.5 billion years ago .
“ Plants , animals , fungus , microbes and bacteria are the known forms of life .
But there may be more branches to the tree on Europa , ” said John Spear , a microbiology expert at the Colorado School of Mines and part of the NASA project .
“ Learning more about life tells you more about our own heritage and the benefits in health and medicine that could bring , ” he added .
MAPPING OCEANS
The idea of mapping Europa ’s oceans with an automated robot was dreamed up by Texas scientist Marcus Gary at a barbecue in 2001 .
In 2003 , his team won NASA funding for the $ 5.3 million project .
Gary chose El Zacaton to do the first major test run of the robot , which is about the size of a small car , because its sheer depth meant the site was an unknown quantity .
A U.S. diver died trying to swim to the bottom in 1994 .
“ It is an ideal testing ground because we can test out the robot ’s mapping powers in untried waters , ” Gary said .
Its great depth also means that many of its microbes live without light or oxygen and may be similar to what could exist on Europa .
Thought to have twice as much water as Earth , Europa has intrigued scientists ever since Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei observed Jupiter ’s four largest moons for the first time in 1610 .
NASA hopes to take the probe to Antarctica in November 2008 to test it in much colder waters below the frozen ice that resembles Europa .
If funding can be found , the scientists could send a much smaller version of the robot to Europa in about 20 years .
“ It takes at least five years to reach Europa so we ’ll have to be patient , ” McKay said .
The CIA operated secret prisons in Europe where terrorism suspects could be interrogated and were allegedly tortured , an official inquiry will conclude tomorrow .
Despite denials by their governments , senior security officials in Poland and Romania have confirmed to investigators for the Council of Europe that their countries were used to hold some of America 's most important prisoners captured after 9/11 in secret .
None of the prisoners had access to the Red Cross and many were subject to what George Bush has called the CIA 's " enhanced " interrogation methods .
These included water - boarding which leads detainees to believe they are drowning , which critics have condemned as severe torture .
Although suspicions about the secret CIA prisons have existed for more than a year , the council 's report , which has been seen by the Guardian , appears to offer the first concrete evidence .
It also details the prisons ' operations and the identities of some of the prisoners .
The council has also established that within weeks of the 9/11 attacks , Nato signed an agreement with the US that allowed civilian jets used by the CIA during its so - called extraordinary rendition programme to move across member states ' airspace .
The report states : " We have sufficient grounds to declare that the highest state authorities were aware of the CIA 's illegal activities on their territories . "
That agreement may have been illegal , the council 's investigators believe .
The full extent of British logistic support for the extraordinary rendition programme was first disclosed by the Guardian , which reported in September 2005 that aircraft operated by the CIA had flown in and out of UK civilian and military airports hundreds of times .
The 19 - month inquiry by the council , which is responsible for promoting human rights across Europe , was headed by Dick Marty , a Swiss senator and former state prosecutor .
He said : " What was previously just a set of allegations is now proven : large numbers of people have been abducted from various locations across the world and transferred to countries where they have been persecuted and where it is known that torture is common practice . "
His report says that there is " now enough evidence to state that secret detention facilities run by the CIA did exist in Europe from 2003 to 2005 , in particular in Poland and Romania " .
Mr Marty has told Channel 4's Dispatches , in a report to be broadcast on Monday , that although the jails were run " directly and exclusively " by the CIA with local officials barred from access the prisons were only possible because of " collaboration at various institutional levels of America 's many partner countries " .
He succeeded in confirming details of the CIA 's closely - guarded secret by using his own " intelligence methods " , which included tracking and persuading to talk intelligence agents on both sides of the Atlantic , including serving members of the CIA 's counter - terrorism centre .
" All the conclusions drawn in this report rely upon multiple sources , " he said .
He concludes that in eastern Europe , the CIA had trusted " point - men " who alone knew about the prisons ; their partners were Poland and Romania 's military intelligence agencies who reported directly to then president Aleksander Kwasniewski in Poland , presidents Ion Iliescu and then Traian Basescu in Romania , and their nearest security advisers .
This meant that civilian intelligence agencies , parliamentary oversight committees , and even the countries ' prime ministers could " credibly deny " knowledge of the CIA facilities .
In Poland the main CIA jail was in a former Soviet - era military compound at Stare Kjekuty , near Szmany airport in north - eastern Poland .
This prison was for the most high value detainees , known as HVDs .
Those held there included Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , the alleged architect of 9/11 .
It was at the Polish site , said Mr Marty , that some of the CIA 's " enhanced methods " of interrogation , such as extreme sleep deprivation and water - boarding were used .
" These methods amounted to illegal torture , " he told Dispatches .
Mr Marty concludes that the CIA was able to move around Europe , flying prisoners to its secret sites and organising renditions of prisoners to other countries , due to an agreement signed by all Nato members , including Britain , just after September 11 .
On October 4 2001 , Nato 's then secretary - general , Lord Robertson , had said alliance members had agreed to grant " blanket over - flight clearances " as well as basing rights to US forces involved in the so - called war on terror .
Although Lord Robertson referred only to military flights , the full text of the agreement has remained classified .
Quoting its own confidential sources , the Council of Europe says a secret part of the agreement also gave total freedom of movement for the civilian jets used by the CIA for its prisoner operations .
Government officials in Poland and Romania have repeatedly denied the existence of CIA facilities or the presence of detainees held by US authorities .
But Mr Marty concluded : " All the members and partners of Nato signed up to the same permissive - not to say illegal - terms that allowed CIA operations to permeate throughout the European continent and beyond ; all knew that CIA practices for the detention , transfer and treatment of terrorist suspects left open considerable scope for abuses and unlawful measures ; yet all remained silent and kept the operations , the practices , their agreements and their participation secret . "
There was no immediate comment from Nato .
· Stephen Grey presents Dispatches - Kidnapped to Order on Monday June 11 at 8 pm on Channel 4
The surveillance society is here
May 4 , 2007 at 3:00 am thinkingshift
I have a curious habit – whenever I ’m in a shopping centre , railway station or other public space , I look for those insidious CCTV cameras .
I blame my reading of Robert O’Harrow ’s book , No Place to Hide , for this paranoid tendency .
As our current civilisation starts to collapse ( I ’ll be doing a future post on this ) , I think we ’ll see more regulations , more rules and more Government intrusion poking into the privacy of our lives .
We ’re already in the grip of a fear society .
So reading this article certainly did n’t allay my fears , in fact I ’m now looking at lamp posts with some suspicion !
The UK is about to install Talking CCTV cameras in 20 areas across the nation .
But the UK’s Information Commissioner , Robert Thomas , says this may be taking things a bit too far ( smart man ! ) .
Thomas has also raised concerns about listening devices being installed alongside cameras ( what ? ? ) so authorities can eavesdrop on private conversations .
Speaking to the Home Affairs Committee inquiring into the surveillance society , Thomas has pointed out that the efficacy of CCTV in detecting or preventing crime has not been shown .
Loudspeakers in lamp posts have been trailed in Middlesbrough and a case in Essex was cited where CCTV images of a man who was trying to commit suicide were later shown on TV to demonstrate the benefits of CCTV in tackling crime ( not sure I see the connection between suicide and crime ) .
Also discussed with the Committee was the prospect of facial recognition technology being used in stores .
Already used by police to spot criminals , this raises the question of whether trying on clothes in a store will be a safe activity for us in the future .
( Great : now I ’ll be looking very closely for cameras in change rooms ! ) .
I would like to know if there ’s a code of practice for use of CCTV – does anyone know ?
And what might be the protocol for agencies sharing images and information ?
What ’s to stop excessive and abusive surveillance of individuals ??
And here ’s some scary statistics : there are up to 4.2 m CCTV cameras in Britain – about one for every 14 people – and the UK also holds 3.6 million DNA samples , which is the world ’s biggest database .
I ’ll be investigating the situation in Australia .
In the meantime , if you have n’t read No Place to Hide do so to be more informed about the hidden web of business and government who are tracking our lives and identities .
And do n’t be complacent : next time you ’re in a public space , check out just how many CCTV cameras watch your every move !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Entry filed under : CCTV , Surveillance society .
How to Steal an Election
Good article .
( Here is the full article in pdf . )
EDITED TO ADD ( 11/2 ) : Here are some additional resources .
“ E - Voting : State by State , ” a guide to e-voting vendors , and a review of HBO ’s “ Hacking Democracy ” documentary .
Also , a debate from The Wall Street Journal on electronic voting , and an Ars Technica article on current - year problems with electronic voting .
EDITED TO ADD ( 11/2 ) : Another review of the documentary .
EDITED TO ADD ( 11/3 ) : And two items from The Brad Blog .
Posted on November 2 , 2006 at 2:26 PM • 35 Comments
The submission behind today 's schedule article was withdrawn ; instead , I 'd like to take this opportunity to present the practice of Soft Coding .
Most programmers consider “ Hard Coding ” to be a Bad Thing : it ’s hack - like , inelegant , and all - around lazy code .
And as such , many programmers try their damnedest to avoid it .
Unfortunately , this quest of avoidance often leads towards a much worse path : complication , convolution , and all - around unmaintainable code .
It ’s a path I like to call Soft Coding .
Before I discuss the finer details of Soft Coding , I ’d like to briefly define Hard Coding .
It ’s the practice of embedding “ things that should n’t be in source code ” directly inside of source code .
The definition is intentionally vague : while most would agree that database connection strings and logfile directories do n’t belong in source code , there ’s a lot of gray area .
Take , for example , this following code :
private void attachSupplementalDocuments ( ) { if ( stateCode == " AZ " || stateCode == " TX " ) { //SR008-04X/I are always required in these states attachDocument ( " SR008-04X " ) ; attachDocument ( " SR008 - 04XI " ) ; } if ( ledgerAmnt >= 500000 ) { // Ledger of 500 K or more requires AUTHLDG - 1A attachDocument ( " AUTHLDG - 1A " ) ; } if ( coInsuredCount >= 5 && orgStatusCode != " CORP " ) { //Non-CORP orgs with 5 or more co-ins require AUTHCNS - 1A attachDocument ( " AUTHCNS - 1A " ) ; } }
I can already feel some of you cringing : Magic Numbers ; String Literals ; eww , that ’s a lot of Hard Coding !
However , not a single character in that example is Hard Coded : there is nothing that “ should n’t be in source code ” in the above code .
The function simply implements a very clear and very specific business requirement with very clear and very specific code .
Anything less and it would be Soft Coded .
This brings us right into the definition of Soft Coding : the practice of removing “ things that should be in source code ” from source code and placing them in some external resource .
It ’s another intentionally vague definition with just as much gray area .
The Enterprise Rules Engine Revisited
Perhaps the most egregious example of Soft Coding I ’ve ever seen was the Enterprise Rules Engine .
The idea behind the ERE seemed innocent enough : business rules change often and the system should be able to handle these changes .
The resulting conclusion and complexity that the ERE created was unfathomable .
In the year since I first discussed the Enterprise Rules Engine , the company behind it has actually managed to build a database schema to store their business rules .
It looks something like this :
Fields ( FieldId , DataTypeId , FieldName )
Atoms ( AtomId , Field1Id , OperatorId , Field2Id )
AtomSets ( AtomSetId , AtomId )
AtomGroups ( AtomGroupId , AtomSetId , BooleanId )
AtomGroupSets ( AtomGroupSetId , AtomGroupId )
… and so on
This improvement meant that , in order to implement a simple rule ( say , “ if ( orderTotal > 50000 and ordersApproved < 3 ) then flagOrderForReview=true ” ) , a developer must add or update anywhere between ten and thirty rows in the database .
Although that may not sound so bad , imagine a floor full of developers concurrently working on this rules database .
As difficult as it was to Soft Code the rules using C# , Soft Coding them in the database was monumentally more difficult and less productive .
In an effort to improve productivity , the Enterprise Rules Engine Team ( yes , there is a full - time team dedicated to this monstrosity ) is hard at work on a language syntax and parser that will allow developers to more easily maintain these database - stored rules .
The idea is that it will be some sort of COmmon Business - Oriented Language that ’s generic enough to code any rule and removes all of the “ complexities ” of “ real ” code like functions and that sort of thing .
Imagine that .
Just Configure It !
{app.cfg} #used in docMgmt.java:attachSupplementalDocuments ( ) LEDGER_AMOUNT_REQUIRING_AUTHLDG1A=500000
Of course , I doubt any of us are deluded enough to create an Enterprise Rules Engine .
But a lot of us – including this developer – occasionally find ourselves on the road of Soft Coding .
It ’s an easy path to stumble upon : at first you ’re just trying to avoid Hard Coding , and next thing you know you ’re drowning in a sea of Soft Coding .
Looking back at the code example above ( attachSupplementalDocuments ) , the most common “ solution ” to the “ problem ” of potentially changing business rules is a configuration file .
I imagine some of you have already decided what you would make configurable above :
While this may seem innocent enough – and even “ cleaner ” to some – it ’s the first very wrong step down Soft Code lane .
If every business rule constant was stored in some configuration file , life would be much difficult for everyone maintaining the software : there ’d be a lot of code files that shared one , big file ( or , the converse , a whole lot of tiny configuration files ) ; deploying changes to the business rules require not new code , but manually changing the configuration files ; and debugging is that much more difficult .
The one and only business rule change that this preceding Soft Coding could ever account for is a change in the ledger amount that required a form AUTHLDG - 1A .
Any other business rule change would require even more work – configuration , documentation , code , etc – to implement :
AUTHLDG -1A need not be attached if the client ’s service level is at least three
CRTAUTH-CA1 should be attached in addition to AUTHLDG - 1A
AUTHLDG - 2A should be attached instead of AUTHLDG - 1A if the ledger amount exceeds 1000000
Between Soft and Hard Code
The reason we find ourselves Soft Coding is because we fear change .
Not the normal Fear of Change , but the fear that the code we write will have to be changed as a result of a business rule change .
It ’s a pretty silly fear to have .
The whole point of software ( hence , the “ soft ” ) is that it can change that it will change .
The only way to insulate your software from business rule changes is to build a completely generic program that ’s devoid of all business rules yet can implement any rule .
Oh , and they ’ve already built that tool .
It ’s called C++. And Java .
And C#. And Basic .
And , dare I say , COBOL .
Those tools are designed to implement very specific business logic using very specific code .
As the above code example demonstrates , there is no clearer way to represent the business logic for attaching supplemental documents .
When the business logic changes , the code can change .
It ’s that simple .
The Dreaded Deployment
The primary fear behind the Fear of Code Change is The Dreaded Deployment .
Soft coding does n’t actually make deployments any easier ; in fact , as the Enterprise Rules Engine shows us , it makes it even harder .
And when you give end users the ability to change business rules , that ’s a whole new nightmare .
But for some reason , many of us find comfort in deploying Soft - Coded changes .
It just feels , pardon the pun , softer .
However , the solution to deployment issues is not to add another problem .
It ’s to address the actual issues .
With the myriad of tools available today , there is no reason that your deployment process need be any more complicated than a simple , automated script that retrieves the code from source control , compiles it , copies / installs the executables , and then runs the relevant database scripts .
Well , that is , unless your program is laden with Soft - Coded business logic .
Tread carefully , politicians – concerned citizens are watching your every move on the web .
Their tools ?
Custom data mashups that use public databases to draw correlations between every vote cast and every dollar spent in Washington .
Take this report about the widely debated and bitterly fought California SB217 , which would have banned clear - cutting in ancient forests .
Generated by the nonpartisan MapLight.org website , the report clearly shows that the logging industry , which opposed the bill , gave nearly twice as much money to politicians as environmental groups did .
The bill was defeated .
Sites like Maplight.org , Opensecrets.org and Follow the Money , along with wiki - based political reporting resources like Congresspedia , are increasingly giving ordinary citizens the ability to easily document the flow of special - interest money and how it influences the legislature .
These new tools are providing an unprecedented level of transparency , exposing patterns of influence that otherwise would have remained invisible to ordinary citizens .
" Prior to the web , you 'd have to visit a secretary of state 's office and sort through paper records , " says MapLight.org executive director Dan Newman .
" The level of access that 's now available to anyone at the click of a button is just tremendous . "
Sheila Krumholz , executive director of the Center for Responsive Politics , or CRP , the organization behind Opensecrets.org , says , " It 's always been the case that there are too many stories in this data set for one class of people to mine .
From our perspective , the more eyes , the better . "
Anyone – from bloggers and students to lobbyists and activists – can use these sites to quickly drill down into the correlation between a politician 's vote and the money he or she received from special interests .
The graphs and reports are easily shared or posted on a blog .
The sites give access to data by legislator , bill number , bill subject or special interest .
Next month , MapLight.org will extend its database , which currently only tracks the California legislature , to include data from the 110th U.S. Congress .
The site will also roll out a custom reporting tool that will let users add their own data .
If the data is accepted by an administrator , it will be included in the central database .
Say someone learns at a cocktail party that the airline industry plans to oppose an upcoming bill .
With the relaunch , that information can be added to MapLight.org 's list of industries opposing the legislation .
The information wo n't be added to the public database until it is verified by the site 's admins , but it will show up in the user 's custom report , which they are free to share .
MapLight.org 's open - data initiative epitomizes a technique known as " database journalism , " a new reporting paradigm that allows citizens to act as consumers , custodians and contributors to vast wells of information stored in web databases .
A survey conducted last month by Opensecrets.org found that 45 percent of its users identified themselves as " interested citizens " rather than journalists , activists , educators or political consultants .
Further , 59 percent of its users said they use the site for personal – not professional – reasons .
In the past , Krumholz says , Opensecrets.org counted the press as its " No. 1 client , " a relationship becoming less and less necessary as citizens begin to research political topics themselves .
" In the era when ( the mainstream media ) was all that existed , an organization like ours would probably have the resources to do custom analysis for the few reporters who requested it , " says Krumholz .
" Now with hundreds of thousands of blogs and niche publications added to the mix , there 's no organization that can afford to do the custom research and analysis for these outlets . "
MapLight.org builds its database from a variety of public sources .
Legislators are required to file campaign contribution information , which is processed by The National Institute on Money in State Politics and the CRP .
MapLight.org 's automated scripts scrape legislators ' voting records from government websites .
Public testimonies , official congressional records and news databases provide information on which special - interest groups support and oppose each bill .
The congressional data for the mid-May launch is being supplied by the CRP .
MapLight.org and the CRP will be rolling out enhancements to their services throughout the year .
Both organizations will also release application programming interfaces , or APIs , by the end of 2007 , allowing web developers to create custom reporting tools based on the community 's data .
Coming soon to a blog near you :
Ajax widgets that track the effects of campaign contributions on congressional votes .
Just in time for the 2008 presidential primaries .
If you find this useful , you might like my other articles , too .
This tutorial shows how to use distributed ruby to connect a rails application with another ruby service not running inside Rails .
Distributed Ruby ( DRb )
I wo n’t waste time here explaining how to use DRb .
Just a short example from Rubycentral with a very simple server :
require ' drb ' class TestServer def doit " Hello , Distributed World " end end aServerObject = TestServer.new DRb.start_service ( ' druby://localhost:9000 ' , aServerObject ) DRb.thread.join #
Do n't exit just yet !
and an even simpler client :
require ' drb ' DRb.start_service obj = DRbObject.new(nil , ' druby://localhost:9000 ')
#
Now use obj puts obj.doit
Active Record
As you want to connect the DRb Server to Rails , you probably want to use your model classes , too .
Just include them ( I ’m still looking for a simple way to automagically include all models ) and configure ActiveRecord :
require ' drb ' require ' rubygems ' require_gem ' activerecord ' require ' app/models/user.rb ' class Server def dump puts User.find ( : first ) .
inspect end end ActiveRecord ::Base.establish_connection ( :adapter => " mysql " , :username => " xxxx " , : host => " localhost " , : password => " xxxx " , : database => " xxxx " ) DRb.start_service ( " druby://localhost:9000 " , Server.new ) puts DRb.uri DRb.thread.join
Do n’t repeat yourself !
Repeating the database configuration as I did in the above example is soooo against The Ruby Way .
A better way is to parse config / database.yml and use the result to configure ActiveRecord .
This has the added benefit of being able to use different database setups :
require ' drb ' require ' rubygems ' require ' yaml ' require_gem ' activerecord ' require ' app/models/user.rb ' class Server def dump puts User. find ( : first ) .
inspect end end abort " usage : #{__FILE__} environment " unless ARGV [ 0 ] database_yaml = YAML.load_file ( " config/database.yml " ) abort " environment '# {ARGV [ 0 ] } ' not found " unless database_config = database_yaml [ ARGV [ 0 ] ]
ActiveRecord ::Base.establish_connection(database_config ) DRb.start_service ( " druby://localhost:9000 " , Server.new ) puts DRb.uri DRb.thread.join
From Rails ?
Just use the simple client from above inside your model or controller without special changes for Rails .
Yes , it ’s that simple .
Enjoy !
require ' drb ' ... class DrbController < ApplicationController def get_user_via_drb DRb.start_service obj = DRbObject.new(nil , ' druby://localhost:9000 ') @user = obj.dump end
Here is a short thread about problems with DRb .
DRb over unix sockets
Brian has a nice writeup how to use DRb over unix sockets – it ’s extremly easy , just change the URI et voila …
[ tags ] ruby , rails , drb [ / tags ]
The three short sentences at the beginning of Chapter 17 of former CIA Director George Tenet ’s memoir , “ At the Center of the Storm , ” tell it all : “ The United States did not go to war in Iraq solely because of WMD .
I doubt it was even the principal cause .
Yet it was the public face that was put on it . ”
Consider the deep cynicism of that statement , playing as it does on the gravest threat to humanity ’s survival — an apocalyptic nuclear conflagration — to exploit the fears of a nation raw from the 9/11 attacks .
The “ mushroom cloud ” over Manhattan that now - Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Vice President Dick Cheney warned against was nothing more than a cheap rhetorical trick to justify an agenda of imperial intervention in the Middle East that long preceded the 9/11 attacks .
The goal was to bamboozle Americans into supporting the restructuring of the politics of the Mideast to accord with the fantasies of a small band of neoconservative rogues who had insinuated themselves into the highest levels of the U.S. government .
That they were rogues was known to the chief of the Central Intelligence Agency , a man rewarded by President Bush with the Medal of Freedom precisely because he provided respectable cover for the chicanery that drove the Iraq debacle .
Pity that it took a $ 4 - million book contract for Tenet to come clean .
While Tenet remained silent , he observed the neocon coup d’état up close .
His most devastating revelations center on the antics of that neocon cabal in the Pentagon and its hit squad , dubbed “ Team Feith ” for Douglas Feith , a protégé of former Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz and , through him , former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Cheney .
Team Feith ’s main task was to create and maintain the fiction of a connection between Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden when no solid evidence supported that assertion .
The intelligence unit Feith headed set about discrediting the conclusions of every other intelligence operation while cherry - picking evidence to support the invasion of Iraq as a logical response to 9/11 .
Tenet ’s high crime — and it is just that — was that he knew of this treachery from the start , yet never exposed it to Congress or the public .
Take Tenet ’s description of the briefing , provided by Feith ’s office throughout the higher reaches of government , entitled “ Iraq and al - Qaa’ida — Making the Case . ”
As Tenet notes , Feith ’s briefer , Tina Shelton , “ started out by saying that there should be ‘ no more debate ’ on the Iraq -al Qaeda relationship .
‘ It is an open - and - shut case , ’ she said .
‘ No further analysis is required . ’
This statement instantly got my attention .
I knew we had trouble on our hands . ”
Shelton ran through a series of fraudulent claims , including one that lead hijacker Mohamed Atta had met with an Iraqi agent in Prague , which the CIA had previously investigated but found to be fraudulent .
Tenet then adds : “ I listened for a few more minutes trying to be polite , before saying , ‘ that ’s very interesting . ’
This was one of my rare moments of trying to be subtle .
What I was really thinking was , this is complete crap , and I want this to end right now . ”
But he did n’t say it .
And the “ complete crap ” of Team Feith carried the day with the Bush administration , from Bush on down , not because they had facts or logic on their side , but because their intellectual bullying served the political agenda of the Karl Rove juggernaut .
The bullying was effective only because Congress and the media were traumatized by 9/11 and because those who knew better , most prominently Tenet , failed to speak out .
In the end , Tenet betrayed the bedrock freedom of representative democracy — the right of the people to be informed — and failed , when it mattered most , his sworn duty to honestly inform the government about issues of vital importance to its security .
Tenet , knowing the administration was willfully leading our nation into a horrific war in Iraq that would detract from the real fight against terrorism , had an obligation to resign and go public with his knowledge when the war could have been prevented .
Tenet knew that the Bush administration had sold the public a package of lies , but he waited to reveal that truth until he could turn a hefty book profit .
Will
Tenet share the book ’s royalties with the grieving families of the dead and wounded from this war that he concedes he could never honestly justify ?
Or with the U.S. taxpayers , who are stuck with the trillion - dollar bill for the never - ending occupation and reconstruction of Iraq ?
After one of his talk show appearances , will he be arrested for complicity in war crimes ?
Watering Down the Declaration US Blocks G8 on Climate Change Commitments
The US is blocking language on climate change in the forthcoming G8 declaration .
It now remains to be seen whether the other leading industrialized nations can salvage a commitment to combat global warming .
Story Highlights • U.S. troopers find girls ' school rigged with explosives
• Military suspects al Qaeda was behind the plot
• Plot was " sophisticated and premeditated attempt to inflict massive casualties "
• Iraqi contractors were in charge of building the school
Adjust font size :
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) -- American soldiers discovered a girls school being built north of Baghdad had become an explosives - rigged " death trap , " the U.S. military said Thursday .
The plot at the Huda Girls ' school in Tarmiya was a " sophisticated and premeditated attempt to inflict massive casualties on our most innocent victims , " military spokesman Maj .
Gen. William Caldwell said .
The military suspects the plot was the work of al Qaeda , because of its nature and sophistication , Caldwell said in an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer .
The plot was uncovered Saturday , when troopers in the Salaheddin province found detonating wire across the street from the school .
They picked up the wire and followed its trail , which led to the school .
Once inside , they found an explosive - filled propane tank buried beneath the floor .
There were artillery shells built into the ceiling and floor , and another propane tank was found , the military said .
The wire was concealed with mortar and concrete , and the propane tanks had been covered with brick and hidden underneath the floor , according to a military statement .
Soldiers were able to clear the building .
" It was truly just an incredibly ugly , dirty kind of vicious killing that would have gone on here , " Caldwell said .
Iraqi contractors were responsible for building the school , which was intended to bring in hundreds of girls .
" Given the care and work put into emplacing this IED , it is likely it had been planned for a long time " and it is thought that " the IED was not intended to be set off until the building was occupied , " the military said .
Authorities intend to question the Iraqis involved in the school 's construction .
Other developments
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said she delivered a " strong message " Thursday to Syria 's foreign minister about foreign fighters who are crossing Syria 's borders into Iraq .
Rice met with Waleed Moallem in the Egyptian resort city of Sharm el - Sheikh -- the first high - level meeting between the two countries in 2 ½ years .
( Full story )
A U.S. military commander said Thursday that an al Qaeda in Iraq militant believed to be involved in the kidnapping of two Americans , journalist Jill Carroll and Christian activist Tom Fox , has been killed .
Muharib Abdul Latif al - Jubouri was identified as the senior minister of information for al Qaeda in Iraq , Caldwell said .
( Full story )
Show New Yorkers a checkout line and they ’ll tell you whether it ’s worth the wait .
Starbucks at 9 a.m.?
Eight minutes , head to the next one down the street .
Duane Reade at 6 p.m.?
Twelve minutes , come back in the morning .
But now a relative newcomer to Manhattan is trying to teach the locals a new rule of living : the longer the line , the shorter the wait .
Come again ?
For its first stores here , Whole Foods , the gourmet supermarket , directs customers to form serpentine single lines that feed into a passel of cash registers .
Banks have used a similar system for decades .
But supermarkets , fearing a long line will scare off shoppers , have generally favored the one - line - per - register system .
Filed in Research News Subscribe to Decision Science News by Email ( one email per week , easy unsubscribe )
ARGUMENTS AGAINST ALL SIGNIFICANCE TESTS
This week , the always - provocative J. Scott Armstrong submits this comment to Decision Science News :
“ About two years ago , I was a reasonable person who argued that tests of statistical significance were useful in some limited situations .
After completing research for “ Significance tests harm progress in forecasting ” in the International Journal of Forecasting , 23 ( 2007 ) , 321-327 , I have concluded that tests of statistical significance should never be used .
Here is the abstract :
I briefly summarize prior research showing that tests of statistical significance are improperly used even in leading scholarly journals .
Attempts to educate researchers to avoid pitfalls have had little success .
Even when done properly , however , statistical significance tests are of no value .
Other researchers have discussed reasons for these failures .
I was unable to find empirical evidence to support the use of significance tests under any conditions .
I then show that tests of statistical significance are harmful to the development of scientific knowledge because they distract the researcher from the use of proper methods .
I illustrate the dangers of significance tests by examining a re-analysis of the M3 - Competition .
Although the authors of the re-analysis conducted a proper series of statistical tests , they suggested that the original M3 - Competition was not justified in concluding that combined forecasts reduce errors , and that the selection of the best method is dependent on the selection of a proper error measure ; however , I show that the original conclusions were correct .
Authors should avoid tests of statistical significance ; instead , they should report on effect sizes , confidence intervals , replications / extensions , and meta-analyses .
Practitioners should ignore significance tests and journals should discourage them .
http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijforecast.2007.03.004
The paper is followed by commentaries by Keith Ord , Herman Stekler , and Paul Goodwin , and by my reply “ Statistical significance tests are unnecessary even when properly done and properly interpreted : Reply to commentaries ” , which can be found online at http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijforecast.2007.01.010
This is happy news for practitioners , researchers , and students .
On the other hand , it might create anguish among faculty who teach people about statistical significance . ”
The photograph is considered one of the most famous of WWII
Enlarge Image
Iwo Jima has now become the island of Iwo To , as it was known before the war .
The battle of Iwo Jima in 1945 saw 100,000 US troops attack 22,000 entrenched Japanese soldiers .
The battle produced one of the most enduring images of the war , showing US troops raising the Stars and Stripes on the island 's highest point .
Evacuated
The island was the first Japanese territory attacked directly by ground troops in the war .
Most of the Japanese soldiers died in battle rather than be taken prisoner .
The Americans occupied the island after the war , and returned it to Japan in 1968 .
In Japanese , the original name Iwo To is written with the same characters as Iwo Jima and means the same thing - Sulphur Island - but it is pronounced differently .
The civilians who lived there were evacuated in 1944 as US forces advanced across the Pacific .
Some Japanese navy officers who moved in to fortify the island mistakenly called it Iwo Jima , and the name stuck , AP says .
Joe Rosenthal , the Associated Press photographer who took the iconic Stars and Stripes photograph four days after US troops landed on the island , died last year aged 94 .
Bubba 's father , Howard Ludwig , applied on his behalf after his grandfather gave him a shotgun as an heirloom .
Mr Ludwig said he had not expected to succeed , but he filled in the online form , paid $ 5 and the licence was his .
US gun laws are regularly the subject of fierce debate , renewed recently after April 's Virginia Tech killings .
Gunman Cho Seung - hui was able to exploit a loophole in Virginia state law and obtain weapons despite having a history of mental illness .
The loophole was later closed .
Technical problems
The licence includes a picture of a toothless Bubba and a squiggle that represents his best attempt at a signature .
It makes an adorable addition to his baby book
Howard Ludwig
In an article in the Chicago Sun -Times , Mr Ludwig , 30 , said that he expected the application to be turned down .
Two rejections did in fact come , he said , but both related to technical problems - on one application he forgot to tick a box stating his son was a US citizen - rather than Bubba 's youth .
His third attempt was rewarded with a state firearm owner 's identification card ( FOID ) , complete with details of Bubba 's height , weight and date of birth .
' No age restrictions '
Illinois gun laws are said to be among the strictest in the US .
But Illinois State Police , who oversee the application process , said that they had followed the law in this case .
" Does a 10 - month - old need a FOID card ?
No , but there are no restrictions under the act regarding age of applicants , " the Associated Press news agency quoted Lt Scott Compton as saying .
Mr Ludwig said Bubba 's gun would likely remain at his grandfather 's house until he was 14 .
" I 'm not about to approve any unsupervised hunting or trap shooting for Bubba , " he wrote in the Chicago daily .
" Still , I 'm glad he was able to get his FOID card .
It makes an adorable addition to his baby book . "
In the 1970 ’s the number of gyms was in short supply , mostly catering to bodybuilders , what with the popularity of Pumping Iron and the golden age with Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Aside from places like Gold ’s Gym Venice and Muscle Beach , most gyms were dark hole ’s in the wall places .
Now there are a multitude of options , appealing to the most discerning user .
1. Location –
At one point I lived 30 minutes from the nearest gym and I made the trip , for most however , this is a convenient way to talk themselves out of going .
When picking a gym , location should be a primary deciding factor .
You should also ask when are you going to work out .
Before or after work , in the morning , afternoon or evening .
You will want to choose a location that is either close to home , work or in between .
This will not only cut down on gas consumption , but increase the odds you will maintain a solid routine .
2. Gym culture –
You may be asking yourself , “ gym culture ? ”
That ’s right , most gyms have their own culture , remember above I was talking about the hole in the wall bodybuilding gym , those still exist .
A number of gyms or ‘ fitness centers ’ attempt to cater to the family environment .
Typically Bally’s , 24 Hour Fitness , Lifetime and LA Fitness appeal to this demographic with a gentler environment and childcare centers , although there are exceptions inside these establishments that lean toward bodybuilding as well .
There are female specific gyms like Curves , senior gyms , kids gyms , personal training studios and the list goes on .
3. Interests –
This is based largely on what you like to do .
Are you a weightlifter , cardio enthusiast , aerobics , or swimming ?
By shopping around you will find a gym or health club that meets your needs .
If you are not sure what those may be , stick to a general all - purpose location .
4. Traffic –
This is another factor that is based on when you decide to work out .
For most of us the options are limited based on work schedules .
When you are taking a tour be sure to ask when the busier times are ( as is expected it will genearlly be between 4 pm and 8 pm on weekdays ) .
5. Staff –
Whether or not you decide to get a personal trainer , it is one thing you should consider before joining a club .
Ask to see the qualifications of the trainers , before and after pictures , and whether or not you can bring your own trainer with you .
Also health clubs , as with car salesmen , believe in two things the hard sell and never trust the “ be back , ” meaning if you do n’t sign up when you first walk in you wo n’t be back after shopping around .
If you have seen the movie BoilerRoom you know what I am talking about .
This is a direct reflection of the organizations culture and an indication of the customer service you are likely to expect in the future .
In a future post , I will highlight some of the tricks the health and fitness industry use to get your signature and credit card .
Tips and Tricks :
One tip I would suggest that I use periodically when choosing a new gym is the guest pass .
After taking the tour and listening to the sales speil , I ask the salesman / fitness counselor for a couple days pass to see how I like the gym .
Most places do n’t like to do this , but if they feel you will eventually sign up they will relent at least a three day trial .
Take this opportunity not only to work out , but ask other patrons how they like the club .
One other thing about membership sales .
Most likely any club you join will have multiple packages , single - club , all - club , super club premier .
When choosing , this is the time to be rational and not practice Sam ’s Club bulk - shopping .
Why buy the 10 gallon drum of peanut butter if you are allergic , so do n’t get nationwide access if you will only use one club .
Thanks for reading and good luck .
Feel free to check out the rest of the Healthier You Series .
Next : How to Pick the Right Personal Trainer
Story Highlights • Maryland may become the first state to drop out of the electoral college
• President Bush won electoral vote in 2000 even though Gore won popular vote
• Under new law voters give all their electoral votes to whoever wins popular vote
• Law activates only if enough states pass similar laws to total 270 electoral votes
Adjust font size :
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
What 's happening in Maryland ?
On Tuesday , Maryland became the first state in the union to drop out of college .
The electoral college , that is .
Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley signed a law that would award the state 's electoral votes to the winner of the national popular vote .
As long as others agree to do the same .
" Actually , Maryland will drop out only if a lot of other states do , too .
Maryland 's new law will go into effect only if enough states pass similar laws to total 270 electoral votes -- the number needed to elect a President , " O'Malley said .
Those states would agree to appoint presidential electors who would vote for the winner of the national popular vote , no matter who wins the vote in each state .
It would be a way to turn presidential elections into a nationwide popular vote without having to amend the Constitution .
That 's the solution .
What 's the problem ?
The problem is what happened in 2000 .
George W. Bush got elected by winning the electoral college , even though Al Gore got more votes .
That 's happened four times in the country 's history .
( Watch Schneider talk about the Maryland law )
In our current system , the president is elected by the electoral college and not directly by the people .
The number of electoral votes each state receives depends on its population and representatives are chosen to vote on behalf of the people in the state .
To win , a candidate has to win 270 electoral votes , which is a majority .
If neither candidate gets that , Congress determines who wins .
A few times , the American people 's choice for president has n't actually moved into the White House .
It 's mostly Democrats who are behind this move .
They 're still angry over how Bush got elected , even though in 2004 , a shift of about 60 thousand votes in Ohio would have elected John Kerry despite Bush 's popular vote margin of over three million .
The new system would also nationalize the presidential campaign .
Right now , candidates spend most of their time campaigning in battleground states .
Often they try to win over voters in little tiny places , like South Succotash , Ohio , and East Icicle , New Hampshire .
If the new system were adopted , constitutional scholar Tom Mann said there would be major changes to campaign strategies .
" You would see a much greater emphasis by the candidates campaigning in large , uncompetitive states .
States like California , Texas and New York , " he said .
The campaigns would go to ignored places like Houston and Los Angeles and New York because there are a lot of voters in those places .
And unlike before , their votes would now matter .
But the new rules would also disconnect a state 's voters from its electors .
Maryland voters could vote 100 percent Democratic , but if the Republican won the national vote , Maryland 's electoral vote would go to the Republican .
" It 's based on the proposition that , say , those of us who live in Maryland care more about the national outcome of the popular vote for the president across the country than we do for our own particular state , " Mann said .
Since independents and third party candidates would no longer have to carry entire states , it would encourage more of them to get in .
Someone could win the national vote with a bare plurality , perhaps as low as 25 or 30 percent .
And a very weak mandate .
Of course , third party candidates make a lot of mischief now .
Look at what Ralph Nader did in 2000 by taking votes from Al Gore in Florida .
" I think Ralph Nader is probably more influential under the current rules , although I think under the proposed rules you would get a lot more players in the game , and therefore , a lot more uncertainty . "
More uncertainty .
Is that what we need ?
But for now , the change is a long way from happening .
The law is awaiting the governor 's signature in one other state , Hawaii .
The California legislature approved the idea last year , but Governor Schwarzenegger vetoed it .
Is this really going to make a difference ?
You need 270 electoral votes to make this thing work .
How many electoral votes does Maryland have ?
Ten .
" SQL Injection is perhaps the most common web - application hacking technique which attempts to pass SQL commands through a web application for execution by the back - end database .
The vulnerability is presented when user input is incorrectly sanitized and thereby executed .
Checking for SQL Injection vulnerabilities involves auditing your web applications and the best ...
In relation to relocating Escalator , switching and stairways hikes really are a prevalent way to get things from one destination to another .
If you adored this article and also you would like to be given more info relating to Escalator drawing kindly visit our own page .
In order for a stairlift to perform the right way it needs to be able to take the body weight of the person who will use read the article stairlift , and also that uses a technique for that person for getting downwards through the stairway elevate and on the surface .
Going hikes are a frequent way of moving stairways .
The problem with many stairlifts is really because they are designed in a way that permits just one single man or woman to work with them at any given time , and this restricts the volume of individuals that can entry a particular floor .
This can lead to issues like a wheelchair receiving bogged down over a stairlift or maybe lift the inability to get down and up .
The solution to this problem is employing Escalator and shifting walks to help you to get staircases .
If you would like get away additionally , on the stairlift correctly and without any setbacks , then Escalator and transferring step must be made use of .
They are also the most dependable .
Escalators are quite obvious systems you can use sometimes to reduce somebody down or up a staircase , although these are generally often the costliest type of stairlift .
The device is … Read the rest
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Home prices may have fallen this year , but a new study says housing has become more unaffordable .
And if interest rates continue to rise , the balance could tip even further .
According to the 2007 State of the Nation 's Housing report from the Joint Center for Housing Studies of Harvard University , 17 million of American households in 2005 were putting more than half their income into paying for shelter - a rise of 1.2 million from the prior year , and a jump of 3.2 million from 2001 .
" There 's an ongoing affordability problem - and it's getting worse , " Rachel Drew , a research analyst with the center , said at a conference earlier this week in New York .
Three main factors intersect to affect affordability : mortgage rates , income and prices .
Mortgage rates have generally been a favorable part of the equation .
Since the start of 2001 , they 've ranged from an average of 5.23 percent for a 30 - year fixed in June , 2003 to 7.16 percent in June of 2006 .
Even after the Federal Reserve started raising its rates in June , 2004 , mortgage rates stayed low .
Median income , however , has dropped .
Real wages fell from 2000 to 2005 , according to the report .
By 2006 household income was 1 percent below 1999 levels , according to stats from the Current Population Study of the U.S. Census Bureau .
Wages dropped but mortgage rates held steady ; affordability should n't have suffered too badly if the third part of the equation - housing costs - remained stable .
But they did n't .
Single - family home prices skyrocketed , from an inflation - adjusted median of $ 154,563 in 2000 to $ 221,900 in 2006 , according to the National Association of Realtors ( NAR ) , for an increase of 46 percent .
According to Drew , the affordability decline trend cuts across all incomes .
The bottom 25 percent of earners have been hit hardest , but even among the top quarter , the number of households that devote more than half their incomes to housing costs has increased .
That trend accelerated through the housing boom .
By 2006 , homeowners paid a median of 25.4 percent of their incomes to mortgage payments alone , according to the Harvard study , up from 18.9 percent in 2003 .
Housing prices have fallen but the drop has been modest so far ; the Mortgage Bankers Association ( MBA ) forecast a total nominal median home price decrease of between 1 percent and 2 percent this year , hardly a huge savings for buyers .
Not only that , but a drop in housing prices could be wiped out by interest - rate hikes .
Freddie Mac , a government - sponsored mortgage - loan buyer , reported that its national average for a 30 - year fixed rate hit 5.53 percent last week , a 10 - month high .
The agency 's next mortgage rate report is due Thursday with higher rates expected .
Mortgage rates are benchmarked to bond yields , which have risen this week - the 10 - year Treasury hit 5.32 Wednesday for a five - year high .
If the trend continues , analysts , like Doug Duncan of the MBA , have said they expect to see 30 - year fixeds topping out near 7 percent by the end of the year , which is 0.85 percent above a May 10th low .
The difference means monthly mortgage payments would be 9 percent higher ; it 's like adding almost a tenth to the cost of a home , which more than offsets the slight price declines .
クリエイティブ・コモンズ・ライセンスのブログ翻訳のススメ
はじめに
この YAMDAS Project というウェブサイトの開設当初より、ワタシはウェブに公開されている英文コンテンツの翻訳を行ってきた。翻訳を始めた理由は必ずしも前向きなものばかりではなかったが、その蓄積により当サイトが「翻訳系」と紹介されることも多い。個人的にはそれはあまり嬉しくないのだが、その翻訳が編集者の目に留まり、『Wiki Way』に始まる書籍翻訳の仕事につながったのだから、当方が文句を言う筋合いにはない。
本文は、そのようにウェブサイトに翻訳を公開する人間からの一つの提案である。
インターネットの共有文化と翻訳の公開
サイトで翻訳を始めた頃、ワタシの興味は主にフリーソフトウェア／オープンソース、現在では
FOSS 、FLOSS と総称される世界に向いていた。この領域ではソフトウェアのライセンスが重要な要素で、それが影響しているのだと当方は勝手に考えているが、自サイトで公開する文書についても翻訳を含む利用条件について明記している人が多く（例：Eric S. Raymond）、当方のような主に個人サイトに掲載されたオープンソース関係の雑文を訳していた人間にはありがたかった。
また利用条件について明示的な記述をしていない人でも、問い合わせをしたときに、個人サイトへの翻訳の自由な公開に難色を示す人はワタシが知る限り一人もいなかった。それどころか日本語訳が公開されるのを大変喜び、当方の仕事を賞賛してくれたことも多い。
この反応は、当方の興味 が Wiki やブログやその他に移り広がって以降も変わらなかった。突き詰めればインターネットの共有文化に行き着くのだろうが、ワタシが翻訳したいと思う良質なコンテンツの作り手は、例外なく皆当然のようにそれを持ち合わせていた。それは個人サイトに公開したコンテンツへのリンクにすら難癖をつける一部の人たち（ワタシが知る限り、彼らの多くは日本人で、それを恥ずかしく思う）の書くもののつまらなさと対照をなしていると思うが、本題から逸れるのでこれ以上触れない。
ウェブ上の勝手翻訳について
ワタシは基本的に原著者に事前に許可を得たコンテンツのみ翻訳するようにしていた。「基本的に」と書いたのは、上に書いた共有意識に甘える形で結局許諾を得ずに翻訳を公開してしまっているものが、ごく少数ながらあるからだ。しかし、ワタシは明示的に権利者に許可を得て、あるいは予め翻訳を許可されているのを確認して翻訳をすべきだと考える人間である。
ただそれは飽くまでワタシのポリシーというだけで他人に押し付けるつもりはない。最近よく見る海外サイトをおそらくは無許可で翻訳して公開するブログについては、疑問に思うところがないわけではないが、特に文句を言うつもりはない（エントリの全体ないし大部分が他サイトの翻訳であることを伏せたパクリブログは論外）。
これにはいくつか理由があり、翻訳の許可を取っているかどうかは、翻訳側の記述だけではよく分からないことが多く（例えば、当方のサイトの翻訳で、どれが上述の無許可のものか分かります？）、多分無許可でやっているのだろうなと思っていた人が、ちゃんと原著者に許可をもらっていることを後で偶然知ったこともある。それにそうした翻訳ブログを貴重な情報源として読ませてもらっているからというのも間違いなくあるだろう。
ここからはワタシの偏見が入るのでそれを差し引いて読んでいただきたいが、著作権がどうこうと翻訳サイトに物言いをつける第三者に限って、問題を言い立てるだけでそれを解決しようと動くことはせず高見の見物を決め込むだけのことが多い印象がある。
ワタシ自身はその手の指弾を受けたことはないが、そうした場面を見るとなんとも嫌な気持ちになる。逆に言うと、当方が許可をもらうようにしているのは、そうした善意の（？）第三者のせいでやる気をそがれるのを防ぐためかもしれない。結局は原著者とその利用者の問題だろうに。
自由に翻訳できるコンテンツを求めて
上のように書いておいてなんだが、そのうちに翻訳をやるたびに原著者に問い合わせを行うのが億劫になってきた。メールのやり取り自体手間がかかるし、それにこちらからのメールになかなか返事が来ないと心理的な負担になる。
当方の場合、主に週末にえいやと翻訳をやり、ある程度目処が立ったところで原著者に許諾を得るメールを送信することが多いが、そのときは相手にとっても週末なわけで、メールのやり取りができる環境にいるとは限らない。
情報には鮮度というものがあるし、こちらにも予定があるので、公開したいときに公開したい。そのうち、はじめから許諾を得なくても翻訳が許可されるコンテンツだけ自然に選んで翻訳するようになっていった。
現在、ワタシがウェブコンテンツの翻訳をする場合、その面白さ、長さ、分野など内容面を問わずライセンス、利用許諾の問題に絞れば、基本的に以下の条件に合致するものだけを対象にしている。
これは大まかな話で、細かくは他にもいろいろあるが、要は好きに翻訳を公開できるということである。
あと付け加えておくと、上の条件は主に個人サイトに適用されるものであり、ワタシは企業サイトに掲載された文章は一部の例外（海外ブログ情報まとめを参照）を除き、はじめから翻訳対象から外している。これは契約条件により文章の原著者に許可を得ただけでは済まない、あと
ITmedia や CNET といった日本のニュースメディアに翻訳記事が出る可能性もあるからだ。企業サイトの文章で面白いものがあれば、当方は翻訳でなしにそれにリンクしてネタ元紹介しながらYAMDAS現更新履歴にエントリを書くことが多い。
クリエイティブ・コモンズという福音
アメリカのサイバー法の第一人者 Lawrence Lessig 教授らが始めた Creative Commons は、著作権や知的財産権の保護を名目に法律による規制が強まり過剰な著作権保護はイノベーションを阻害するという認識の元、作者が著作物の権利を独占することになく、著作物の商用利用や派生作品の扱いなど利用条件を明示できるライセンスを適用することで、それを基にした創作活動を可能にする「コモンズ（共有プール）」の拡大を目指したものである……という能書きだけ書かせてもらい、本文では
Creative Commons 自体の解説は省略させてもらう。
Creative Commons について知りたい場合は、まずはクリエイティブ・コモンズ・ジャパンのサイトや荒川靖弘さんの「クリエイティブ・コモンズ」についてといったウェブ上のリソースをあたり、背景なども含め深く知りたい場合は、レッシグの『コモンズ』や『FREE CULTURE』といった著作を読むとよいだろう。
クリエイティブ・コモンズの評価については、悲観的な見解を含めいろいろ言われるが、ワタシのような人間にとっては、翻訳をやる際の利用許諾を自動化してくれたという一点においてこの上ない価値があったと強く言いたい。
なお、利用許諾を個別にとらなくても翻訳を公開できるというのは、上にも挙げた
GFDL などの文書に適用される自由なライセンス全般にあてはまることだが、本文では話を
CC に絞らせてもらう 。
クリエイティブ・コモンズ・ライセンスのブログ翻訳のススメ
実は本文を書く契機の一つに、iCommons に公開された Paul Jacobson の
Why bloggers should use Creative Commons licences という文章があった 。
これはタイトル通り、ブロガーに CC ライセンスの適用を促すエントリで、間違いなく翻訳の話が入っているだろうと読み始めたが、その期待は裏切られた。もちろんコンテンツの再利用の形態として翻訳も含まれているには違いないが、個人的にはこれこそ特記すべき利点だと思い込んでいたので失望したものだ。
人気ブログの作り方についてはいろんなことが言われるが、海外のブロガーのミームをうまく掴むのが有効な手なのは現在も変わっていない。その意味で、海外のブログでよく書けたエントリを翻訳するというのは分かりやすい手段である。しかもそれがクリエイティブ・コモンズのライセンスが指定されたブログなら、事前に許諾を得る手間をかけることなく翻訳を公開できる。
ここで思い当たるのだが、当方が特に CC
ライセンス指定されたブログを翻訳するのは、そうしたブログの優れたエントリを翻訳という形で紹介し、そしてその翻訳をまた
CC ライセンスで公開することで、クリエイティブ・コモンズの共有経済としての価値を高めたいという想いがあるということだ。上にちろっと書いた無断リンク話と関連して、Lepton さんがかつてサイトポリシーとそのコンテンツの面白さの相関について書いていたが、同じように
CC ライセンスのコンテンツには有用なものが多いというイメージを作り上げられたら、そしてそれにより今より多くの人が
CC を利用するようになれば言うことはない 。
クリエイティブ・コモンズの翻訳に関する注意事項
さて、ここまで話を簡単にするためにわざと伏せていた話がある。クリエイティブ・コモンズのライセンスが指定されてさえいれば、自由に翻訳を公開できるわけではなく、例外がある。
クリエイティブ・コモンズのライセンスで設定される、原作者表示（Attribution , by）、非営利 （Noncommercial , nc）、改変禁 止 （No Derivative Works , nd）、継承 （Share Alike , sa）という四つの権利範囲、特にその中でも非営利と改変禁止が問題となるのだ。
まず非営利。これは文字通り、著作物の営利目的での利用を禁じるもので、あなたのウェブサイトが営利目的の場合、その一環として非営利指定された
CC ライセンスの文書の翻訳を公開することはできない。ただ本文が対象としているのは個人ブログの話なので、これが該当することは少ないだろう。
そして改変禁止。こちらの方が重要で、禁止される「改変」に翻訳も含まれるので、要は
nd が入った CC ライセンスのコンテンツは自由に翻訳を公開できない。ワタシのサイトに
43 Folders の翻訳が載らないのはこのためである。ただ上にも書いたように、海外のブロガーは翻訳されることを意識している人は稀なので、改変禁止を指定していても個別に尋ねれば許可を出してくれる人がほとんどであり、条件的には他の一般のブログと変わりはないと思うが。
クリエイティブ・コモンズの文章を訳す上での注意
クリエイティブ・コモンズの文章を翻訳して公開する場合、必ず原著者名と原文名を明記し、原文へのリンクをはる必要がある……といっても、これは
CC と関係なく、翻訳を公開する場合には必ず行わなくてはならないことだが。あと順番が前後したが、自分が訳そうとする文章を既に他の個人、企業が翻訳を公開していないかは最低限注意する必要がある。作業が無駄になるのは嫌だしね。
当方も日本版がある著名な海外ブログ情報をまとめているが、その後にも
CC 関係では iCommons が CC - JP で一部翻訳されるようになったりいろいろ動きがあるので、翻訳する前に原文名などで検索をかけてみるぐらいはした方がよいかもしれない。
あと翻訳した結果をどのライセンスで公開するかという問題がある。継承属性のつくコンテンツは派生作品のライセンスも自動的に同一になるので迷う必要はない。それ以外の場合だが、当方は基本的に原文と同じライセンスにしており、それが一番トラブルが少ないと思う。
クリエイティブ・コモンズのライセンスは、バージョン2.0以降なら各国版との互換が取れているが、日本版はバージョン2.5以降の改版に随従できていないので、その点でも今のところ「原文と同じライセンス」が無難だろう。CC-JP
はスタッフを募集しているが、人材の不足はこの手のプロジェクトにつきものなので気長に待つのが良いだろう。ブログの翻訳を個人サイトで公開する程度であれば、クリエイティブ・コモンズの国際化の齟齬が重大な問題を引き起こす可能性は低いわけだし。
おわりに（実はまだ終わらない）
長々と書いてきたが、 「 クリエイティブ・コモンズ・ライセンスのブログ翻訳のススメ」というタイトルはある意味便宜的なもので、上に書いたように
GFDL だってあるぞとか、別に翻訳対象をブログに限ることはないだろうとか、いろいろ物言いがあるだろうがご容赦いただきたい。
しかし、クリエイティブ・コモンズ・ライセンスのブログ翻訳を勧めたは良いが、そうしたブログの例を挙げないと片手落ちというものだろう。もちろん
Creative Commons Search で検索という手もあるが、クリエイティブ・コモンズのライセンスが指定された代表的なブログを紹介するほうがよいと思うので、それについてはクリエイティブ・コモンズ・ライセンスの海外ブログ情報まとめに譲ることにする。
初出公開 ： 2007年05月21日、 最終更新日 ： 2011年01月20 日
Copyright © 2007 - 2011 yomoyomo ( E - mail : ymgrtq at yamdas dot org )
作品
semthex from Hackint0sh.org , in collaboration with AppleTVHacks .
net has done it again !
A complete replacement to the Mac OS X kernel has been built which allows the full version of Mac OS X to be run on an Apple TV .
Semthex wrote a processor emulation for the kernel , to sidestep the hardware restrictions that previously disallowed Mac OS X from running on the Apple TV .
AppleTVHacks .net was only too happy to help out , and when it turned out we needed more testers we launched a competition to get some .
Within hours we had hundreds of eager Apple TV hackers submit entries .
Several hours of testing and refining later and our tester , gimli , managed to follow the steps ( included below ) to get Mac OS X booting on his Apple TV ( click to enlarge ) :
The Apple TV running Mac OS X can use the mouse and keyboard normally , and you can run regular OS X apps easily .
You can use either Front Row or Back Row ( or Joost , or VLC , or… ) to watch content , and can use it for most things you would use a Mac for .
Tester , mk500 , made a video to demonstrate it all working :
How to install
This is the process that was used to turn the Apple TV into a full blown Mac OS X machine :
1 ) remove the drive from the Apple TV
2 ) back up your drive !
Make an image of it ( see the harddrive upgrade tutorial for this )
3 ) Connect the drive to a regular Mac ( use a Firewire or USB drive dock )
4 ) Install OS X ( Intel version ) to the drive ( we suggest a slim install – no printer drivers etc . )
5 ) Boot from this drive , and set it up as you would like it .
Make sure you do updates so it is at least 10.4.8 .
6 ) Reboot to your normal OS X install .
Ok , you now have your fresh OS X install which will form the base of the customised OS X you will need for the Apple TV .
7 ) Remove mach_kernel from root of the drive containg the ATV install .
8 ) Replace it with the customised mach_kernel that you ’ll find on Hackint0sh.org .
9 ) Replace / System / Libary / Coreservices / boot.efiwith the same file from your backup of the Apple TV OS drive ( OSBoot partition ) .
10 ) Run bless :
bless -- folder=/Volumes/OSBoot/System/Library/CoreServices
--file=/Volumes/OSBoot/System/Library/CoreServices/boot.efi --setBoot
11 ) Delete all the Nvidia kexts ( all beginning with NVD , there should be 5 ) from the target drive ( in / System / Library / Extensions ) .
12 ) Transfer the drive back to the Apple TV
13 ) Turn the Apple TV on and cross your fingers .
You should boot up into Mac OS X . Woo !
Now what ?
This hack seriously opens up the doors with what the Apple TV could be used for ; and we imagine we are going to see lots of cool hacks , additions and addons .
We will do our best to keep track of them .
A big thanks again to semthex over at Hackint0sh.org ; who did the majority of the work , and built the custom kernel .
The brave testers who helped make this happen : gimli , mk500 , Turbo , Jonathan Bare , l0rdr0ck .
Blog Archive March ( 1 ) January ( 1 ) March ( 1 ) November ( 2 ) October ( 27 ) September ( 19 ) August ( 43 ) July ( 70 ) June ( 40 ) May ( 28 ) April ( 14 ) March ( 21 ) February ( 11 ) January ( 17 ) December ( 4 ) November ( 18 ) October ( 26 ) September ( 62 ) August ( 41 ) July ( 92 ) June ( 88 ) May ( 55 ) April ( 6 ) March ( 1 ) November ( 1 ) October ( 6 ) August ( 9 ) May ( 51 ) April ( 57 ) March ( 107 ) February ( 179 ) January ( 61 ) December ( 15 ) November ( 39 ) October ( 36 )
COMPARED with the pay of celebrity chief executives such as Oracle Corp .'s Larry Ellison , the $ 7.3 million in total compensation pulled down last year by Synnex Corp.
CEO Robert Huang is practically paltry .
But set against the tech - product distributor ’s fiscal 2006 profit of $ 51.8 million , Huang ’s pay looks a lot bigger .
In fact , his compensation amounted to 14 % of the company ’s earnings , the highest pay relative to earnings at California ’s 100 largest public companies .
Anger among investors has intensified in recent years as executive pay has escalated .
One reason for the growing fury , according to corporate governance advocates : Compensation increasingly is taking a noticeable slice out of corporate profits .
Last year , among the state ’s top 100 companies , the typical CEO ’s pay amounted to 2 % of net income , The Times found in its annual report on executive compensation in California .
Advertisement
Put another way , the share price of that typical company would theoretically be 2 % higher if it did n’t have the CEO ’s pay eating up earnings , based on the notion that a firm ’s stock price amounts to a multiple of its earnings .
And how many investors would ignore a 2 % change in the value of their stock portfolios ?
At 14 companies , including Synnex , the chief ’s pay amounted to 5 % or more of net income .
Critics say no one deserves such a big piece of the pie .
“ It does raise the question about whether shareholders are getting adequate bang for their buck , ” said Patrick McGurn , executive vice president of Institutional Shareholder Services , which advises shareholders and campaigns for good corporate governance .
“ These numbers are often material , at least to near - term earnings . ”
Advertisement
This year , for the first time , our compensation listings include a column showing the CEO ’s pay as a percentage of earnings , plus a column showing the theoretical hit to the company ’s stock price ( calculated by multiplying the percentage of profit by the stock price on May 31 ) .
For example , at Synnex , Huang ’s pay theoretically reduces the value of each share by $ 2.90 .
( The stock finished last month at $ 20.48 a share . )
To be sure , these yardsticks have flaws .
For one thing , at 15 companies , the two figures could n’t be calculated because the company lost money or earned less than the person in charge .
In addition , these calculations ignore extraordinary items .
So if a company takes a big charge against earnings , such as a write - off for restructuring costs , the CEO will appear to be comparatively higher paid than he or she would have otherwise .
Advertisement
Also , a certain share of CEO pay is tax - deductible , which means for many companies , their profits and stock prices are hurt somewhat less than the calculations suggest .
( A substantial share of CEO compensation , however , may not be deductible because of tax laws written to reduce incentives to give executives big pay packages . )
And a CEO who is so successful that his company sells at an extraordinarily high multiple of earnings also will appear relatively expensive on a per- share basis , even though his shareholders are likely to feel that the CEO is worth every penny .
But as benchmarks measuring CEO pay go , McGurn said , this is as reasonable as any .
“ We get companies regularly reducing CEO compensation to a ratio of the market capitalization of the company , and saying this is their commission on growth , ” McGurn said .
“ Turnabout is fair play .
If you claim that you are entitled to a percentage of the growth , shareholders can certainly fairly ask , ‘ How much is your pay costing me ? ’ ”
Advertisement
The answer , at many of California ’s biggest companies , is a lot .
By far , the most expensive California CEO relative to net income was Huang at Synnex .
Company spokeswoman Laura Crowley declined to comment on whether it was appropriate to give an executive 14 % of earnings , but she said the company ’s board felt his pay was justified .
“ We do have an executive compensation committee , built of independent directors , who have a wealth of experience formulating the compensation packages that they deem appropriate , ” she said .
“ Bob Huang is the president , CEO and founder of a company that has been around for 27 years .
We have done well as far a being a consistently profitable organization . ”
Gateway Inc.'s Ed Coleman ranked second , pocketing the equivalent of 9.6 % of the Irvine - based computer maker ’s profit .
Coleman was hired in September to turn the struggling company around .
Advertisement
In absolute terms , he earns a relative pittance , taking home just $ 927,122 in cash and stock .
Unfortunately , Gateway ’s shareholders can say the same .
The company earned $ 9.6 million last year on nearly $ 4 billion in sales .
Before Coleman ’s arrival , Gateway had a profit of $ 6.1 million in 2005 after losses of $ 568 million in 2004 and $ 515 million in 2003 .
Gateway declined to comment about Coleman ’s pay , except to emphasize that he was new to the job .
Ranked No. 3 in percentage of pay was Chad Dreier at Ryland Group Inc .
His total pay of $ 31.4 million amounted to 8.7 % of net income .
The home builder says Dreier is worth every penny .
Advertisement
“ Ryland ’s performance over the 14 - year tenure of Mr. Dreier has dramatically exceeded peer companies in and out of the home - building industry , with a 900 % increase in shareholder value since 1993 , ” the company said in a statement .
Richard Ferlauto , director of pension and investment policy at the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees , says his pension fund will systematically take on companies whose directors have allowed CEOs to walk away with an appreciable portion of profits .
“ It does n’t make sense to limit CEO pay to a raw number , ” he said .
“ But pay should be aligned to profits .
If it accounts for too large a percentage of profits , it is an inefficient use of capital that will affect the growth of the company over the long term . ”
The highest - paid executives in total dollar terms are a familiar bunch .
Advertisement
Oracle ’s Ellison is No. 1 with $ 60.5 million , followed by Ray R. Irani , CEO of Occidental Petroleum Corp. , with total compensation of $ 55.6 million .
Countrywide Financial ’s Angelo Mozilo ranked third with total compensation of $ 48.1 million in 2006 .
Proxy Governance , a Vienna , Va. - based shareholder advisory service , is so offended by the pay practices at Occidental and Countrywide that it has advised clients to vote against board members of those companies ’ compensation committees and to vote for proposals demanding a say on pay for shareholders .
The firm has n’t reviewed Oracle ’s latest filings .
“ Even when performance is good , there is a level where you are simply giving away too much pay , period , ” said Shirley Westcott , managing director of policy at Proxy Governance .
Although Ellison , Irani and Mozilo took home a lot in absolute terms , their pay packages as a percentage of earnings were below average -- 1.8 % for Ellison and Mozilo and 1.3 % for Irani .
Advertisement
In addition to now showing percentage - of - pay figures and the related theoretical hits to stock prices , The Times ’ compensation rankings this year are different in other ways .
That ’s because the Securities and Exchange Commission has changed the rules for reporting executive compensation .
The new rules mandate the disclosure of more information about perquisites -- such as personal flights on company aircraft , company - paid country club memberships and tax reimbursements .
The required method for reporting long - term incentive payments , such as grants of stock and stock options , also has changed .
Under the old rules , the payments were reported when they were granted , even if some or all of the award would not be received until a later date and would be contingent on one or more conditions , such as hitting specific performance targets .
The new rules require companies to account for these awards when they “ vest , ” or become the unfettered property of the executive .
However , the new reporting rules do n’t yet apply to all companies .
If a firm ’s latest fiscal year ended before Dec. 15 -- which is the case for more than a third of the companies on our list -- the old rules could be used in the current round of reporting .
Advertisement
That means the figures from some companies ca n’t be compared on an apples - to - apples basis with the data from other companies .
As a result , the rankings accompanying this article have been divided into two tables .
The pay of Ellison at Oracle tops the list of companies reporting under the old rules , and Irani of Occidental is No. 1 on the new - rule list .
It is important to note that the figures in the tables do n’t necessarily include all the pay that the executives took home .
With Irani , for example , in addition to his $ 55.6 million in total 2006 compensation , during the year he cashed in $ 94 million in deferred compensation that had been earned before 2006 and reaped a $ 270 - million profit on previously granted stock options .
If that compensation , which was technically earned in previous years , is included , his unofficial haul for the year exceeded $ 400 million .
Another difference from previous years is that , with most companies using the new method for the first time , the pay of their CEOs in 2006 ca n’t be compared with their 2005 compensation .
Therefore , the tables do not include a column showing percentage change in total pay from the previous year .
Next year all companies will have to use the new rules .
By then , if the recent trend continues , the furor over executive pay may be greater than ever .
Advertisement
This year , that anger has reached such a pitch that Congress has gotten into the act .
The House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed a bill that would allow shareholders to put executive pay packages up for an advisory vote .
In the Senate , the bill has won the support of presidential contenders Hillary Rodham Clinton and Barack Obama .
“ This issue is gaining critical mass , ” said Daniel Pedrotty , director of investment at the AFL - CIO , which has become an activist investor through its pension plan .
“ It ’s not just activists .
It ’s mutual funds and legislators too . ”
Advertisement
kathy.kristof@latimes.com
--
Times researcher Scott Wilson contributed to this report .
--
Advertisement
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
--
Making top dollar
--
Advertisement
The Times this year looks at CEO pay as a percentage of company earnings and shows the theoretical hit it takes on company stock prices .
--
Highest pay in absolute terms
LARRY ELLISON
Advertisement
Oracle
$ 60.51 million
RAY R. IRANI
Occidental Petroleum
Advertisement
$ 55.63 million
ANGELO R. MOZILO
Countrywide Financial
$ 48.13 million
Advertisement
--
Highest pay as percentage of profit
ROBERT HUANG Synnex
14.1 %
Advertisement
J. EDWARD COLEMAN Gateway
9.6 %
R. CHAD DREIER
Ryland Group
Advertisement
8.7 %
--
Profit taking
Here are the chief executives of California ’s largest companies who earned the most by exercising stock options last year .
Advertisement
*--* Gain on options Company CEO ( in millions ) Occidental Petroleum Ray R. Irani $ 270.2 Autodesk Carol A. Bartz $ 80.5 Countrywide Financial Angelo R. Mozilo $ 72.2 Cisco Systems John T. Chambers $ 69.7 Oracle Larry Ellison $ 63.2 Wells Fargo Richard M. Kovacevich $ 62.0 Robert Half Int. Harold M. Messmer Jr. $ 58.4 Lam Research Stephen G. Newberry $ 37.5 Sandisk Eli Harari $ 37.0 Gilead Sciences John C. Martin $ 30.1
*--*
Source : Salary.com
WRAPPING UP HER address to the Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington Friday , bestselling author and right - wing poison - mouth Ann Coulter took a witless swipe at former US senator John Edwards :
" I was going to have a few comments on the other Democratic presidential candidate , John Edwards , " Coulter said , " but it turns out you have to go into rehab if you use the word ' faggot . '
So . . .
I can't really talk about Edwards . "
Judging from Edwards campaign posted the video on its website , along with a statement accusing Coulter of having " brought hate - speech politics to a new low " -- and asking supporters to " help us raise $ 100,000 in ' Coulter Cash ' this week to keep this campaign charging ahead . "
Democratic Party chairman Howard Dean called Coulter 's comments hate - filled and bigoted , " and urged Republicans to " denounce her hateful remarks . "
They needed no urging .
John McCain 's campaign slammed Coulter 's statement as " wildly inappropriate . "
Mitt Romney 's spokesman called it " offensive . "
Rudy Giuliani said " there should be no place for such name - calling in political debate . "
But the candidates ' rebukes were tepid compared with the scalding outrage from movement conservatives .
" There are enough spewers of mindless filth , vulgarity , and hatred " in American life , fumed the influential Michelle Malkin .
" We do n't expect . . . that garbage at the nation 's preeminent conservative gathering . "
The editors of RedState.com announced curtly that " Ann Coulter does n't speak for us , " and said it should be " the last time a candidate for public office willingly accepts her endorsement or appears on the same stage with her . "
Boston 's Dean Barnett , a notable voice at HughHewitt.com , was concise in his appraisal : " Idiotic .
Disgusting .
Stupid . Moronic . "
At GOPUSA.com , Cliff Kincaid blasted Coulter 's " bizarre behavior and utterances " and urged the conservative weekly Human Events to drop her from its masthead .
Rick Moran of Rightwing Nuthouse pronounced Coulter a " despicable woman " who " deliberately uses hate language to get a rise out of the left and get the rest of us talking about her . "
A slew of conservative bloggers simultaneously posted an open letter lambasting Coulter 's invective as " intolerable " and " vicious , " and urging that she henceforth be dropped as a speaker .
" How can we teach young conservatives to fight for their principles with civility and respect , " they demanded , " when Ann Coulter is allowed to address the conference ? "
Meanwhile , Coulter was n't the only performing pundit to say something appalling last Friday .
On his HBO talk show " Real Time , " Bill Maher defended liberals who lamented that last week 's terrorist attack in Afghanistan did n't kill Vice President Dick Cheney .
" If this is n't China , " Maher asked , " should n't you be able to say that ?
. . .
I have zero doubt that if Dick Cheney was not in power , people would n't be dying needlessly tomorrow . "
The audience applauded and laughed .
A moment later Maher said it again , even more emphatically : " I 'm just saying , if he did die , other people -- more people -- would live .
That 's a fact . "
Considering the reaction to Coulter 's crude taunt , it is n't surprising that Maher 's all - but - explicit assassination fantasy triggered an avalanche of criticism .
Except that it did n't .
There was no statement from Howard Dean , no denunciation from the presidential campaigns , no storm of protest from liberal bloggers repelled by Maher 's remarks .
Like Coulter , Maher has a history of repugnant statements .
After a riding accident left Christopher Reeve crippled for life , for example , Maher praised the horse : " If you try to make a horse jump over something that it does n't want to jump over , I think it really should throw you off its back . "
In November , he said on CNN that " the people who really run the underpinnings of the Republican Party are gay , " specifically naming GOP chairman Ken Mehlman .
But while Coulter 's latest puerile insult drew lavish media attention , Maher 's far more offensive remarks barely caused a ripple .
A Nexis search Monday turned up 91 stories mentioning " Ann Coulter and John Edwards " in the previous 2 1 /2 days .
There were four that referred to " Bill Maher and Dick Cheney . "
Google News listed more than 900 web pages dealing with Coulter / Edwards , but only 15 concerning Maher / Cheney .
If there is one thing America 's polarized public discourse desperately needs , it is fewer smears and slurs .
If there is another , it is an end to the double standard that loudly condemns hate speech when it comes from the right , while barely noticing when it spews from the left .
Political passion has its place in the marketplace of ideas .
Poison does n't -- and neither does anyone who can't tell them apart .
Jeff Jacoby 's e-mail address is jacoby@globe.com .
© Copyright 2007 Globe Newspaper Company .
Who Has Files
The website is closed as of February 1 , 2015 .
We recommend using our new storage product Send Ape , www.sendape.com.
We would like to thank you for being with us .
We could n't have made it this far without your attention and your interest .
What started out as a pet project , evolved to a service valued and used by thousands of people .
With all that , Who Has Files was still a child of 2007 , with its form and shape in line with the storage world of 2007 .
A lot has changed since then .
Re-shaping the service into the realities of today would mean creating it from scratch .
So that is why we have taken a tough decision to shut down Who Has Files .
Missing any files ?
Write to who@hasfiles.com .
Kind regards ,
who.hasfiles Team
Konstantin , Dmitry and Felix
What 's it going to take to get the VP impeached ?
I 'm glad Durbin is speaking out against him because it 's like a bad movie .
Cheney Unleashed !
Download Download
The Vice President is arguing that his office is not in the executive branch of government ?
And then for him to abolish the agency that was putting pressure on him to follow the law shows that he 's gone too far ...
Oh , no .
He 'll go much farther than this ..... and you know there has to be a reason for this other than his love of secrecy .
Dan Froomkin has more :
The Method to Cheney 's Madness Why , in 2003 , did Vice President Cheney suddenly become so dead - set against reporting how his office handled government secrets ?
Cheney 's refusal to abide by reporting requirements that apply to everyone else in the Bush administration -- and the audacity of his excuse , that because he is also president of the Senate , his office is not really within the executive branch -- led to a bunch of unflattering front - page headlines this morning .
But let 's assume there 's a method to his madness .
Perhaps
Cheney is rejecting this oversight because he does n't want people to know what he and his aides have been doing with classified information .
Or perhaps he believes in principle that he should n't be subject to constraints that apply to others in the executive branch .
Maybe both .
I 'm betting on both .
UDPATE : The Chronicle has admitted their error .
( UPDATE : SF Chronicle quotes hate group as legit expert saying gas are bad parents , likely to molest kids , just as city of SF prepares pro-gay adoption ad blitz . )
This is an unbelievably sloppy , offensive , and dangerous gaffe by the San Francisco Chronicle and their reporter Ilene Lelchuk .
Not to mention , an incredibly stupid one for a paper headquartered in San Francisco .
Ilene Lelchuk , a reporter with the San Francisco Chronicle , quoted the leader of a known hate group ( without identifying him as such ) as a scientific expert on gay issues ( he claimed that gays molest kids ) in a story just published Monday .
The “ expert ” in question is none of than Paul Cameron .
You may recall that I ’ve been writing a lot about Cameron in the past few weeks ( as has Pam Spaulding ) , as the lead religious right groups keep pushing his hate “ science . ”
What ’s the problem with Cameron ?
He ’s a man who has suggested that the extermination of gays might be necessary .
Per the Southern Poverty Law Center :
He told the 1985 Conservative Political Action Committee conference that “ extermination of homosexuals ” might be needed in the next three to four years .
He has advocated tattooing AIDS patients in the face , and banishment to a former leper colony for any patient who resisted .
He has called for gay bars to be closed and gays to be registered with the government .
He was kicked out of the American Psychological Association , and was publicly rebuked by the Nebraska Psychological Association and the American Sociological Association .
And he has been called the leader of a “ hate group ” by the Southern Poverty Law Center , America ’s number one civil rights organization for tracking the klan , neo -Nazis and white supremacists .
The Southern Poverty Law Center went so far as to say that “ Cameron ’s ‘ science ’ echoes Nazi Germany . ”
And the SPLC tracks actual Nazis , so they have the right to make the comparison .
This is the “ expert ” quoted by the San Francisco Chronicle .
And to make matters worse , not only did the Chronicle quote a known hate group as an expert on civil rights , but they did n’t even identify who Cameron really is .
Nope .
They do n’t tell their readers anything at all about Cameron , simply that he ’s an expert on gays molesting children .
Do you think it ’s relevant that the man ’s “ science ” has been debunked ?
Not according to the “ journalists ” at the Chronicle .
One wonders if the Chronicle would quote the grand wizard of the Klan and not tell its readers that he is in fact with the Klan .
Unlikely .
And they certainly would n’t go to the Klan for a scientific analysis of the black genome .
Then why do they turn to a known hate group that is lumped together with the Klan , white supremacists and neo -Nazis by the Southern Poverty Law Center ?
Oh I ’m sure they ’ll try to say that the reporter screwed up .
How so ?
If you Google “ Paul Cameron , ” the first thing to turn up is a detailed analysis of just how nutty this guy is .
And if that was n’t enough .
Apparently the Chronicle also missed the time that Cameron appeared to endorse Nazi Germany ’s approach to dealing with gays ( they gassed us along with the Jews and people with disabilities and gypsies and the rest ) .
I ’m not kidding .
Cameron wrote an article about how the Nazis apparently had the right idea about how to treat gays .
The article was so offensive that one of the lead academics of the religious right even disowned Cameron over the horrid thing ( link above ) .
It ’s one thing for a newspaper to say that they ’re going to cite a gay critic and we just have to accept that fact .
Fine .
But you do n’t quote a critic who runs the Klan , the neo - Nazis or a white supremacist organization unless you are going to identify him as such .
You do n’t quote that critic ’s “ science , ” unquestioned , when the lead scientific associations in America have called it intentionally misrepresented junk .
To do otherwise legitimizes the critic and their hate .
To quote Cameron at all , let alone as just another guy who thinks that science proves that gays molest kids , is beyond contemptible .
It is the lowest form of journalism .
And what ’s more , the Chronicle has now , for the first time in years , put Cameron ’s name back in play in the mainstream media .
Some other lazy reporter , some other TV station , some other radio show , will see Cameron quoted as an expert in the Chronicle and they ’ll reach out to him , having no idea that they are helping to promote a known hate group .
The Chronicle should be ashamed of itself .
You can contact Ms. Lelchuk here ( you have every right to chew her ear off , but please realize that there ’s a fine line between righteous indignation and simply being rude – she deserves the former ) .
Also contact the Chronicle ’s Reader Rep , i.e. , the ombudsman , here .
Researchers may have explained why a few tiny galaxies around the Milky Way and the Andromeda galaxies are so rich in dark matter , the invisible stuff that makes up most of the matter in the universe .
The key seems to be the bigger , brighter galaxies next door .
Simulations indicate that million - degree coronas around these larger galaxies could have scoured away much of the visible gas in their young neighbors while leaving the dark material behind .
Researchers believe that all galaxies large and small should have started out the same — as a ball of dark matter with a disk of visible matter in the center .
But some small galaxies , called dwarf spheroidals , are relatively dark for their size ; a handful contain roughly 100 times more dark matter per star than the Milky Way and are a million times less luminous .
They also tend to cluster around bigger galaxies such as our own .
The big question is why .
In new simulations of galaxy formation , Lucio Mayer of the University of Zurich and his colleagues find that , 10 billion years ago , the darkest of today 's spheroidals ( such as Draco , Ursa Minor and Andromeda IX ) were forming around big galaxies from the same mix of visible gas and dark matter , much like planets would form around a star .
But they happened to get pulled into orbit around the central galaxy earlier than their counterparts .
Once there , according to the group 's simulations , shocks from the central galaxy 's gravity , and pressure from the hot corona around it , combined to knock loose most of the smaller galaxies ' shimmering gas .
Only a few remaining stars studded each blob of dark matter .
Ultraviolet radiation , which permeated the universe at the time , would have heated the spheroidals ' visible gas , leaving it weakly attracted to the little galaxies and thus easy to scrape away , the group reports in this week 's Nature .
The model is the first to explain why the spheroidals would be both dark and found near bigger galaxies , says co-author Stelios Kazantzidis of Stanford University .
The researchers " do a good job of simulating all of the relevant physics and setting the orbits " of the dwarfs , says astrophysicist James Bullock of the University of California , Irvine .
" They make the case that the Milky Way has very likely stripped the gas ( and the ' life ' ) out of many of the dwarf galaxies we see around us . "
Kazantzidis says the result may also explain why bigger galaxies have many fewer dwarfs around them than the reigning model of " cold , " or slow - moving , dark matter would suggest .
Other spheroidals may have received a larger dose of the same gas - stripping process , leaving them even less visible and waiting to be discovered .
Twenty - two years ago , just before a pilot of The Cosby Show was screened at the New York " upfronts " ( the annual dog and pony act that US television puts on for ad buyers ) , many critics were confidently declaring American television comedy to be dead .
Pleasant procedural cop shows such as Magnum , P.I. and Simon & Simon dominated the ad- supported , lily - white airwaves , and there was not a single comedy in the top 40 programmes .
The argument was that character comedy , which had its roots in 1930s radio plays , simply was not relevant to a modern television audience .
Though the network bosses hoped the jeremiahs were wrong - after all , the network with the number one comedy was always the number one network - then , as now , no one in power rushed to defend the genre .
In fact , comedy has always been viewed as television 's bright but embarrassing stepchild , skulking in the corner and licking the leftovers from other people 's plates .
All that changed when , a few years later , The Cosby Show started to make money .
Big money , especially for the independent production company that owned it .
Bigger money than all the networks combined were pulling in from their in - house shows .
Suddenly , everybody wanted in .
The Cosby Show made so much money for its owners that in 1996 the networks successfully lobbied the Clinton administration to change the law to allow them to own 100 % of the programmes they broadcast .
Now , the vertically integrated big media companies commission 85 % of their shows in - house , the independents have almost been driven out of business , and not a single comedy money - spinner has been developed for nearly a decade .
Still , we in the creative community live with the illusion of accomplishment .
American writers churn out an average 200 comedy scripts a year ( each paid , on average , $ 100,000 ) to get 50 produced pilots ( average cost , $ 2 million each ) to get ( approximately ) 10 new series ( average cost , $ 20 million each ) to , hopefully , get one new ( fingers crossed ) hit .
As they say in Hollywood , we 're talking real money here .
Yet not since Will & Grace and That Seventies Show premiered within a few weeks of each other nearly nine years ago has anything even raised a pulse in American syndication markets .
Sure , there 's been the odd hit , or something off HBO , but , for the most part , network television comedy does n't seem to be connecting with the audiences in that nice ( kerching ! ) way anymore .
So , apart from the colossal financial waste , what is going on ?
First , reality television ( thanks , Britain ! ) is cheap , and , though it does n't repeat well , it consistently occupies at least a third of any schedule .
In fact , the buys this year reflect a decrease not only in narrative comedy , but in scripted programming in general .
It 's just no fun owning this kind of stuff when DVD sales are flattening out , repeats are not delivering , and international buyers are not keen .
In addition , the networks have picked up quite a few spin - offs of existing dramas this year , thus cutting costs by doubling up on writing and production staff , and reducing the need for new ideas .
On top of all that , the smart money is betting there will be a Writers Guild of America strike in October , which is not funny for the networks , and for which they are preparing by arming themselves with increasing amounts of " reality " .
Second , television is a middle - aged medium that has almost given up on providing scripted stuff for the kids , who have registered the lack of interest and gone elsewhere for their giggles .
So the audience is not renewing itself .
Third , even older viewers know how to use their DVD recorders , so why would anyone pay attention to network schedules anyway ?
The networks ' thinking goes like this .
" Things are n't looking good for us .
We need to find a way to make more money , pronto .
Those scripted comedies are costing too much to produce .
No one agrees on what 's funny anyway - even our cool niche cable channels can't seem to come up with any winners .
The syndication market sucks , we 're spending our own money on you , dammit , and we 've tried and tried but nothing 's worked , and we 're frustrated after eight years of this shit , and wipe those crumbs off your chin you stupid idiot ! "
So , all you Brit comedy writers , the next time you whinge about how the BBC , ITV , Channel 4 or any other UK network deals with your scripts - how they mis-schedule them , how they never get back to you , how they give you inscrutable notes when they finally do - just remember that you may go through some rough patches , but you are also loved , appreciated , and sometimes even well paid .
· Caryn Mandabach produced The Cosby Show and Roseanne .
She has a first - look deal with the BBC
Microsoftは米国規格協会（ANSI）の標準として、オフィスフォーマットの「OpenDocument Format（ODF）」承認に賛成票を投じたことを明らかにした。
Microsoftはまた、自社のオフィスフォーマット「 Open XML File Format 」 もANSI標準として提出、承認されることを期待していると述べている。
Microsoftの相互運用性・標準担当ゼネラルマネージャのTom Robertson氏は声明文で、ANSIは国際標準化機構（ISO）標準をANSI標準リストに追加すべきかについて投票することが多いという。ODFは約1年前にISO標準として承認を受けている。
MicrosoftはANSIで投票権を持つ1社で、今回ODFに賛成票を投じた理由として、ODFと自社のOpen XMLはそれぞれ異なる機能を持つため、とRobertson氏は説明している。Open XMLは現在、ISOの承認待ちの状態だ。
ODF は政府顧客を中心に支持を得ており、オープンソースのオフィススイート「OpenOffice」が採用しているフォーマットだ。一方のOpen XML は 、Office 2007 で採用されている。
Iran 's financial system suffered a fresh jolt yesterday with panic selling on the stock market after the president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , abruptly ordered banks to cut interest rates sharply , despite surging inflation .
The order , which Mr Ahmadinejad issued by telephone during a visit to Belarus and which flew in the face of expert advice - has triggered warnings of a financial crisis and spiralling corruption amid fears of a capital flight from the country 's lending institutions .
Mr Ahmadinejad 's decree forced all state - owned and private banks to slash borrowing rates to 12 % .
Inflation is officially 15 % but is generally believed to be much higher .
State banks had been offering rates of 14 % , while those in the private sector ranged from 17 % to 28 % .
The decision caused panic in the Tehran stock exchange , with private banks losing much of their share value overnight .
Shareholders in one bank , Karafarin , queued on Wednesday to sell their stock when previously there had been 1.2 million applicants to buy its shares .
There was speculation yesterday that the move could force the resignation of the economy minister , Davoud Danesh - Ja'afari , who was not consulted .
Interest rates are normally set by the head of the central bank , who is nominally politically independent .
The Hammihan newspaper carried a picture of a disconsolate - looking Mr Danesh - Ja'afari holding his head in his hand under the headline : Shock on the Tehran bourse .
The rate cut was imposed at the same time as Mr Ahmadinejad raised the price of petrol by 1p to 5 p a litre .
That caused anger among motorists , who expected a new rationing system to be introduced on Tuesday .
The government has postponed rationing until next month , citing difficulties in introducing the necessary technology to filling stations .
The interest rate move theoretically helps the less - well - off , for whom Mr Ahmadinejad has pledged support with cheaper loans .
But economists say cutting rates below inflation will scare investors into withdrawing their savings , thereby creating a black market in high interest loans .
They also warn of higher inflation as investors redirect their money into property and push up house prices .
" Mr Ahmadinejad 's argument is that the lower the interest rate , the more access people will have to money , " said one analyst .
" But you can't command interest rates down .
They have to match inflation .
To cut rates , the government has to balance its budget better . "
Another economist , Saeed Leylaz , claimed the move was a reward to powerful groups who had supported Mr Ahmadinejad .
" I believe the president knows the consequence of this decision but he does n't care about the future . "
" There are groups which helped put Mr Ahmadinejad into office and in my opinion , he is paying them back .
In the last two years , the value of ( outstanding ) debts has reached US $ 11bn , compared with $ 3.5 bn in the previous 100 years .
Mr Ahmadinejad ordered the banks to pay these accelerated loans to the special groups .
If you cut interest rates , it means they have less to pay back .
You can imagine how disastrous this is to the banking system . "
The challenge was to do the impossible , fly a huge aerobatic RC - plane under Stockholm through a 3.9 km long tunnel called S?dra l?nken .
The plane is 80 " wide and weighs 13lb .
The mighty electric motor provides 22lb of thrust and a top speed closer to 120 mph .
Happy Birthday , Europe
by Eric Margolis by Eric Margolis
DIGG THIS
In 1945 , when I was two years old , FBI agents barged into our Florida home and arrested my beloved French governess , Mlle Chapuiseau , as a " Nazi spy . "
With the typical dimness of government security agents everywhere , the FBI reasoned : Mlle Chapuiseau was from Alsace .
That bitterly disputed province had been occupied by Germany from 1940 — 1945 .
She was now in the USA .
Ergo she was a Nazi spy .
No matter Mademoiselle Chapuiseau was as French as Joan of Arc .
The poor Alsatians had involuntarily changed French and German nationality four times from 1871 and 1945 .
I recall this lady because I ’m soon off to greet France ’s glorious spring in beautiful Alsace and Lorraine .
Each spring I visit the Maginot Line ’s great forts and the frontier battlefields where millions of French and German soldiers died in three major wars .
The greatest miracle I have ever seen is today ’s French - German border .
Nothing now demarcates this long - disputed frontier , over which so many fought and died .
This blood - drenched border that evoked such madness and violence has almost vanished .
You only know you ’ve crossed the border by seeing billboards in French or German .
France and Germany have truly become brother nations .
If these old foes can achieve fraternity and genuine mutual respect , there is hope for other seemingly irreconcilable groups like Arabs and Jews , Armenians and Turks , Sri Lankans , Indians and Pakistanis , and even the crazy Cypriotes .
This month marks the 50th birthday of the European Union .
Almost everyone these days criticizes the EU .
It ’s horribly bureaucratic and bloated , filled with paper - passers , redundant layers of unresponsive government , and silly arguments about cheese or the size of buttons .
Much of the union ’s time goes to squabbling over trivia or translating boring speeches no one reads into Estonian and Slovenian .
Its 27 member states can’t seem to agree on anything except more meetings .
The core EU economies , France , Germany and Italy , are stagnating .
Unemployment is far too high , though France ’s is actually dropping a bit .
Regulations and overly powerful unions stifle growth and innovation .
Huge EU farm subsidies are an outrage .
The EU has expanded too far , taking in new East European members that are a generation away from being prepared to join western Europe .
The Union has no unified armed forces and nebulous foreign policy .
Many Europeans are fed up with EU and yearn to return to the old Europe .
In 2004 , French and Dutch voters made the EU a punching bag for all their grievances and worries by voting down its proposed new constitution .
Amidst all the criticism and grumbling from EU citizens , and sneering scorn from Americans and Britons ( who benefit from membership when it serves them , but often pretend they are not really EU members ) , let ’s recall the union ’s rarely cited , under - appreciated , but quite remarkable accomplishments .
A recent , 26,000 - person survey by the BBC of 25 nations found the most respected nations on earth were , in order , Canada , France , and Japan .
The much - maligned European Union came next .
Among the EU ’s major accomplishments :
The well - managed Euro , now the world ’s second reserve currency and a refuge from the sinking US dollar .
Stringent green regulations that make Europe the world ’s leading defender of the environment .
In some European nations , a permit is now required to cut down a tree .
The EU has become the world ’s leading defender of human rights , international organizations and international law , putting the erstwhile champion , the United States , to shame .
The EU leads the world in defending the rights of animals and has made major strides combating the evils of industrial factory farming , animal testing , and the barbaric fur trade .
Preservation of historic buildings and quarters , embellishment of public spaces , and strong support for art and culture are hallmarks of the EU .
So , in western Europe , is excellent medical care , reliable public transportation , safety and cleanliness of its streets , and care for unemployed , helpless , and aged .
Some call this socialism ; I call it good , humane , responsive government .
Europe ’s greatest triumph has been to rid itself of mankind ’s greatest evil , nationalism .
The EU has restored Europe to its former role as the center of western civilization , culture , and good taste .
Fifty years in the great sweep of history is nothing .
The task of somehow politically , economically , militarily and legally unifying 27 nations from Portugal to the Black Sea will take generations .
Critics are expecting too much , too fast from the EU .
So far , the EU has made enormous and commendable progress in a relatively short time .
In spite of all your problems , dear EU , a very happy birthday to you .
The Best of Eric S. Margolis
I like to learn programming by doing .
After many attempts to learn Lisp by reading , I tried by doing .
Much higher level of success !
The turning point was finding the online version of Practical Common Lisp .
Aside from being a great book , it also includes a bundled Lisp and Emacs package called - Lispbox .
This provides similar functionality to other languages , such as hugs / ghci for Haskell or the python interpreter .
A quick download for any major platform and you have a Lisp prompt waiting for you to type something useful .
Start reading the book and you learn something useful to type .
Peter Seibel has done a terrific job with this book .
The tone used involves the reader in the Lisp world with glimpses into the long history of Lisp .
All of this with a practical approach to learning .
By the end of the book , a streaming Mp3 server is possible !
Perhaps the biggest barrier to a proper understanding of macros is , ironically , that they ’re so well integrated into the language .
Chapter 8
Lisp macros have started to make sense to me ( help ! ) .
Try to think of being allowed to write any C++ code to generate the expansion of a #define and having the C preprocessor know what you meant .
Very , very powerful .
Why am I learning Lisp ?
One theory is Sapir - Whorf :
the hypothesis argues that the nature of a particular language influences the habitual thought of its speakers .
Different patterns of language yield different patterns of thought .
Possibly .
My main reason is that it looked fun .
I ’ve spent a bit of time playing with languages that owe a lot to Lisp .
It made sense to have a look at Lisp and see for myself .
The scary part is that I may stay a while … writing web services in Lisp is awfully tempting .
Bonus link : http://www.defmacro.org/ramblings/lisp-ducati.html
- discussion as to Lisp vs Haskell and which to learn … Both !
A children ’s book that included the word “ scrotum ” was recently the subject of great controversy in school libraries nationwide .
A Google search has discovered several more questionable titles and excerpts from other works intended for readers twelve and under .
“ The Pretty Little Bunny ”
Melissa , the pretty little bunny , woke up one morning in May and said , “ I think I ’ll hop - hop - hop over to the carrot patch .
I ’m so pretty that all of the carrots will jump right out of the ground to see me . ”
“ You are very pretty , ” said Melissa ’s Bunny Mommy .
“ But your sister is pretty , too , and she does n’t spend all of her time looking at herself in the mirror . ”
“ But is she as pretty as me ? ” asked Melissa .
“ Just look at my vagina . ”
“ The Clattery Caboose ”
Carl the Caboose had worked for the railroad for a long time .
He loved it when little children ran alongside the tracks and waved to him .
But Carl was getting older .
His bright - red paint was peeling , his wheels were getting squeaky , and do n’t even ask about his prostate .
“ Where ’s Waldo ’s Hand ? ”
“ The Lonely Little Moonbeam ”
The lonely little moonbeam would sleep all day , and then wake up and shine all night long , to guide people on their way .
But he was lonely , because people never looked up and smiled at him .
They were too busy performing fellatio .
“ Are You There God ?
It ’s Me , Margaret , and I Need It Bad ”
“ Cornelius Thimbletuck and the Wizard of Trewe ”
Every night , Cornelius would pray that his parents would rescue him from the Smudgebury Orphanatorium , and every morning he ’d awaken on his hard , wooden cot .
And so before eating his meagre ration of watery gruel he would masturbate until his palm bled .
“ Oh , the People You ’ll Do ”
“ The Lion Princess ”
Tarandiria , the beautiful lion princess , was strolling through the tall grass one day with her mother , Queen Malafala .
Tarandiria said , “ Mother lioness , whenever I see that handsome leopard over there I get a strange , tingling feeling . ”
“ Where do you get this feeling , my child ? ” asked the Queen .
Tarandiria told her , “ In my hyena . ”
“ Betsy Barstow , Colonial Girl ”
One fine morning , as Betsy went to the village well in the Olde Massachusetts Baye colony , she ran into her best friend , feisty Katey Karmody .
“ Oh , Katey , ” said Betsy , “ I have such news !
My father and my brothers are joining up with the militia to fight the British , so that we may all be free ! ”
“ Oh , Betsy , that is news ! ” cried Katey .
“ My nipples are like muskets ! ”
“ The Big Floppy Penis ”
“ The Little Mermaid at Sea ”
As Ariel cavorted through the waves and foam , she thought to herself , How I love the sea and all its friendly creatures .
How I love capering and leaping from cove to lagoon .
How I love to be at one with the grand undersea kingdom , but I think I have crabs .
“ A Modern Child ’s Garden of Verses ”
Smart Susie O’Malley just loved her computer ,
She did n’t need pencils or books or a tutor .
Chad had a laptop , a Mac , and a modem ,
He Web - cammed smart Susie a shot of his scrodem . ♦
In 2005 , Singapore scientist King Bang Lee and colleagues invented a battery powered by urine :
To make the battery , Lee and his colleagues soaked a piece of paper in a solution of copper chloride and sandwiched it between strips of magnesium and copper .
This sandwich was then laminated between two sheets of transparent plastic .
When a drop of urine is added to the paper through a slit in the plastic , a chemical reaction takes place that produces electricity , Lee said .
The prototype battery produced about 1.5 volts , the same as a standard AA battery , and runs for about 90 minutes .
Researchers said the power , voltage , and lifetime of the battery can be improved by adjusting the geometry and materials used .
Addington Speaks !
Marty Lederman
At wiseGEEK , we focus on answering common questions , but sometimes we come up with an idea , and we can't resist breaking our standard question / answer format .
This is one such case .
We love air hockey , but we wanted to see if the basic idea would work on real ice as opposed to using the air bearing principle .
We were on a visit up north and an approaching cold weather front provided the perfect opportunity .
Unfortunately , we were away from our workshop , so we had to design and build our prototype without all the tools that we are accustomed to .
In the end , however , we achieved a surprisingly great result :
Introducing : Table Ice Hockey
We started with a full sheet ( 4 ' x 8 ' or 122 x 244 cm ) of thick MDF as the base .
We placed the base on a sturdy table .
To ensure that the color of the ice resembled that full size hockey rinks , we lined the bottom with some white dropcloth .
We would have painted the MDF , but it was too cold outside to get paint to dry properly .
Water expands as it freezes , and our research showed that it could expand a remarkable 9 % in volume !
This means that it could expand 2.08 % in any given direction .
We were n't sure if it would expand with force given that the top of the rink would be open .
Since this was our first prototype , we wanted to play it safe .
To accomplish this , we arranged 2 " x 3 " ( actual dimensions : 1 7/16 " x 2 7/16 " or 37 mm x 62 mm ) wooden boards around the periphery of the base without fastening them to anything .
If the water pushed the boards as it froze , the ice would be able to maintain its integrity and nothing would break .
Next , we positioned a single 4 mil ( .1 mm ) plastic sheet to contain all the water .
Some bricks on the top held the plastic in place and prevented the water from pushing the boards off the base .
After a night of frigid temperatures , we had a solid block of ice , and with no perceptable expansion .
It appears that the majority or all of the expansion was directed upward and not outward into the sidewalls of our basin .
Now that we had a frozen block of ice , we removed the sidewalls and took them inside to paint .
Next , we made some simple cutouts for the goals and then mounted the walls to the base with a series of screws .
Then we filled in the gaps between the ice and the mounted walls with some more water - the expansion of freezing of this small channel of water was not a threat .
The following morning , we had a beautiful block of ice .
We cut the excess plastic , and prepared the surface .
A large ice scraper proved to be the perfect tool to even out small anomalies in the ice surface .
Toweling down the surface created perfect playing conditions .
We used some air hockey mallets and a puck that we found at a local sporting goods store .
The quality of these items left a little to be desired , but despite their deficiencies , the game play was excellent .
The puck travelled very fast and rebounded well off the walls .
Notes :
Why I have given up
In P. Kurtz ( Ed ) Skeptical Odysseys : Personal Accounts by the World ’s Leading Paranormal Inquirers , Amherst , New York , Prometheus Books , 2001 , 85-94
Imagine this …
Imagine a world in which if you love someone enough , or need them enough , your minds will communicate across the world wherever you are , regardless of space and time .
Imagine a world in which , if only you can think a thought clearly and powerfully enough it can take on a life of its own , moving objects and influencing the outcome of events far away .
Imagine a world in which each of us has a special inner core – a ‘ real self ’ – that makes us who we are , that can think and move independently of our coarse physical body , and that ultimately survives death , giving meaning to our otherwise short and pointless lives .
This is ( roughly speaking ) how most people think the world is .
It is how I used to think - and even hope – that the world is .
I devoted 25 years of my life to trying to find out whether it is .
Now I have given up .
If any one of these three possibilities turned out to be true then the world is a fundamentally different place from the one we think we know , and much of our science would have to be overthrown .
Any scientist who discovered the truth of any of these propositions – or , even better , was able to provide a theory to explain them – would surely go down in the history of science as a hero ; as the woman who changed the face of science for ever .
As Richard Dawkins puts it “ The discoverer of the new energy field that links mind to mind in telepathy , or of the new fundamental force that moves objects without trickery around a tabletop , deserves a Nobel Prize , and would probably get one . ”
( Dawkins , 1998 , p 128 ) .
This is something that many critics of skepticism just do n’t see .
I am often accosted by people who seem to think that I think as follows : - ( Note – I do n’t ! )
“ I am a scientist .
I know the truth about the universe from reading my science books .
I know that telepathy , clairvoyance , psychokinesis and life after death are impossible .
I do n’t want to see any evidence that they exist .
I am terrified that I might be wrong . ”
The way I really think is more like this “ I am a scientist .
I think the way to the truth is by investigation .
I suspect that telepathy , clairvoyance , psychokinesis and life after death do not exist because I have been looking in vain for them for 25 years .
I have been wrong lots of times before and am not afraid of it ” .
Indeed I might add that finding out that you are wrong , and throwing out your previous theories , can be the best way to new knowledge and a deeper understanding .
I long ago threw out my own previous beliefs in a soul , telepathy and an astral world , but even then I kept on searching for evidence that my new skepticism was misplaced , and for new theories that might explain the paranormal if it existed ( Blackmore , 1996 ) .
I kept doing experiments and investigating claims of psychic powers .
Finally I have given up that too .
One of the reasons I have given up is probably a trivial and selfish one – that I have simply had enough of fighting the same old battles , of endlessly being accused of being scared of the truth or even of trying to suppress the truth ; of being told that if I do n’t come and investigate x ( my near - death experience , my psychic twin , Edgar Cayce , the miracle of Lourdes , D.D. Hume , or the haunted pub round the corner ) that proves I have a closed mind .
It does n’t .
It only proves that after years of searching for paranormal phenomena and not finding them , I am no longer prepared to spend my precious time and limited energy in documenting yet another NDE , setting up more carefully designed experiments to test telepathy in twins , going over all the reams of published argument about Cayce , Lourdes or Hume , or sitting up all night waiting for the ghost that ( because I am a psi-inhibitory experimenter ) will never come .
I am sick of being told that I do not have a open mind .
Long ago I wrote about the difficulty of having a truly open mind – or even knowing what this means .
I called it ‘ the elusive open mind ’ ( Blackmore 1987 ) because I know , after years and years of struggling with competing beliefs , searching for evidence , and looking deep into my own motivations and fears , that having an open mind is not easy .
To me an open mind means this – that you are prepared to change your mind if the evidence suggests you should .
This sounds simple , but is not .
It is a balancing act between having a mind so open that it changes every time the wind blows , and so closed that impossible standards of evidence are required to change it .
It is a world away from the kind of ‘ open mind ’ that critics love to flaunt – the kind that really means “ If you agree with me you have an open mind – if you agree with scientists you do n’t ” .
Recently I was on the stage with three other “ sceptics ” for a TV chat show about mediumship and clairvoyance .
We had been explaining various ways in which mediums can appear convincing without any spirits , how Tarot cards work without paranormal powers , and how the evidence refutes the claims of astrology , when a woman in the front row jumped up and said “ The trouble with you is you do n’t have an open mind ! ” .
I surprised even myself by jumping right back at her with an impassioned speech , concluding “ and would you be prepared to change your mind if you found out you were wrong ? ” .
Maybe she would have , but in my research I have learned how hard that is .
A few years ago a young student called James Basil came to interview me for his media project .
He asked me lots of interesting questions about alien abductions and sleep paralysis and then shocked me by proclaiming that he knew I was wrong – he had experienced both and knew they were not the same thing at all .
I then started asking the questions , and learned about the aliens who landed in the fields outside his house , their visits to his bedroom and the operations they performed on him inside their spaceship , starting when he was only five years old .
Finally he showed me a tiny metallic object that the alien creatures had implanted in the roof of his mouth and which he had removed after two weeks of discomfort .
Would I , with my ‘ closed mind ’ on UFOs , be prepared to analyse it scientifically ?
I think he was surprised when I jumped at the chance .
He seemed to think I would n’t want to know – that I would be afraid to learn the truth .
Yet , my own sceptical view of abductions was open to test by just this kind of object .
Indeed if he had found a piece of alien technology in his mouth every scientist worthy of the name would want to know about it .
But I had no equipment to analyse it with .
I put round an e-mail call to everyone in our Faculty of Applied Sciences asking for help .
Another myth was incidentally exploded – that hard nosed physical scientists are eager to suppress the truth about the aliens among us .
I had not one negative response to my plea – not a single scientist telling me I was wasting my time or theirs .
Instead I received several extremely helpful ones – from simple suggestions about what to do , to offers of time and technical help on the scanning electron microscope and X - ray Microanalysis system .
James and I spent a morning in the lab , first looking at the object under a light microscope and then in the electron microscope .
He pointed out the similarities with previous published implants , and got increasingly excited as we saw tell - tale hairs and other features that he compared with John Mack ’s famous implants .
Then came the crunch .
The mysterious object , though it looked very much like other ‘ implants ’ under the electron microscope , turned out to be made of dental amalgam ( Blackmore 1997 ) .
I was concerned about how he would react , and over a cup of coffee he struggled to tell me .
He did not , as I guessed some people in his situation might , claim that the object had been switched or the machine was not working or the technician in error .
He tried to understand how the machines worked and to accept the conclusion .
In fact he almost seemed relieved .
He likened his feelings to those after having had a brain scan and learning he was not seriously ill .
He had clearly been frightened of the aliens implanting more objects in his body and now he knew that this was unlikely .
I do not think he stopped believing in the aliens or his abductions , but his views did change in important ways .
He also showed me – yet again – how difficult and emotionally taxing it can be to shift your beliefs in the face of the evidence .
People are not always so willing to grapple with evidence .
In 1998 I was reading the only newspaper available on a holiday flight , when I saw a photograph of Cherie Blair , the Prime Minister ’s wife , wearing something called a bio-electric shield .
Apparently this attractive pendant hanging round her neck , reduced her stress and protected her from harmful radiation .
Hillary Clinton was said to own one too .
I was angry .
I assumed the pendant had no effect .
How could intelligent and high - profile people like this possibly believe in , much less promote , such lies .
Then I noticed the price – £ 119 ( $ 139 ) for the cheapest , and £ 749 ( $ 995 ) for the gold version , and was sufficiently angry to want to do something about it .
First I realised I was jumping to conclusions .
What if the shields really did work ?
If they did then some extraordinary new principle must be involved and I would learn something very exciting indeed .
If they did not then the facts should be made known .
I decided to do some experiments to find out .
The bio-electric shield website and leaflets make several claims – among them that “ The shield utilises principles of physics to help you cope with the energy overload / stress of your daily life ” .
Each shield “ contains a composition of a matrix of precision - cut quartz and other crystals designed to balance and strengthen your natural energy field . ”
My own favourite is this “ Not only does this crystal force field deflect harmful electromagnetic energies coming from your Computer Screens , Cell Phones , Microwaves , Hair Dryers and other electronic equipment but it deflects any personal energy that is incompatible with you .
The shield resonates at your personal frequency after wearing it for 24 hours , it will act as a “ Gatekeeper ” letting in only energies that are compatible with you and deflecting those not compatible with you . ”
These were the claims I had to test , and test fairly .
On the positive side the effects were mostly measurable , such as increasing muscular strength , reducing stress and improving well - being .
Among the problems of testing it was that the shield takes some time to balance itself to a person ’s personal energy and that it cannot be shared with anyone else .
This meant doing a long - term study with one shield per person .
I tracked down the British distributor , David Chambers , and through him the American manufacturer , Virginia Brown , and after many discussions they supplied us with six real and six fake shields .
Nick Rose and I asked twelve women to wear these for several weeks and measured their hand strength , mood and stress levels at regular intervals , without either them or us knowing which shields were which ( Blackmore & Rose , 2000 ) .
We tried to arrange the double blind precautions to be fair to both the manufacturers and to us .
We did not want to find either that we had negative results and they thought we could have cheated , or positive results and we thought they could have cheated .
Arranging this was not easy , partly because they did not seem to understand what was required .
Eventually , however , we all agreed that Nick and I would prepare results for each subject coded by letter and a list of who had worn which numbered shield , and that David and Virginia would come to our lab with a list of which of the numbered shields was fake and which real .
We would exchange these in front of an independent witness so that neither side could cheat .
Up until the moment they arrived I had been obsessed with the precautions , but as soon as they arrived I knew there was no need .
They were genuine , eager to find out the results , and trying to give us their code list even before we got into the lab .
We stopped them from doing so and laid out the results for them .
This way they could see , out of twelve subjects , who had become stronger , more relaxed or calmer , and we gave them the chance to choose , from these 12 people , which 6 they thought had worn the real shields .
By chance they should get three right ; with the probability of getting four right 0.24 ; five 0.04 , and six 0.001 .
In other words , if they correctly chose five or six of the subjects we would have a significant result .
We could analyse the complete results later .
David and Virginia studied the graphs carefully , made their choice , and then handed over the code list .
It was a genuinely exciting moment .
We believed no one could have cheated and we had no idea which shield was which .
If they got five or six right we would know we had some strange and incomprehensible effect on our hands .
If not we would know we had more false and potentially damaging claims to deal with .
We took their list and marked up the graphs .
They had got four right .
What happened next was the most informative event of all .
They began to explain what had happened .
This person had obviously been blocking the shield ’s energy .
This person may have needed longer with the shield – shields can spend at least four weeks rebalancing some people .
This person had become more relaxed even with a fake shield .
Over lunch we talked more – they seemed disappointed , but only slightly so .
They were sure there was some explanation , and they never seemed to entertain the possibility that the shields do nothing at all .
Later we did the full analysis and sent them the results .
Virginia wrote that she had initially thought the results were a disaster but finally came to see them as a “ blessing in disguise ” .
Apparently her consultant told her that the placebo shields should not be made by the same person as the real shields because the makers “ have been making shields with such clear intent that they will strengthen and balance people , that this ‘ energy ’ goes into the shield with or without the actual crystals . ”
She seemed surprised by this strange claim but also willing to accept it , and she recommended that we use shields made a different way for our next experiments .
Indeed , she kindly had a new set of 3 real and 3 fake shields made especially .
Using these we carried out two further experiments to find out whether the shields protect people from the weakening effects of holding a mobile phone ( cell phone ) .
The results suggest they do not ( Blackmore & Rose , 2000 ) .
I had started this study with the opinion that someone somewhere was maliciously and greedily making false claims to take money from vulnerable people .
I ended up with quite a different view – that well - meaning people were selling a product they genuinely believed in to people who also believed in it and felt better , even though the specific claims are false .
One final example concerns a psychic claimant , David Spark ; a quietly spoken man in his late thirties who just turned up one day in our lab .
David claims to be able to predict the outcome of horse races , not by knowing the form or juggling the odds ( though he is very good at that ) but by using his psychic powers .
He spends three or four hours a day in the ‘ bookies ’ practising , and finally decided that he wanted to be properly tested .
Nick Rose and I agreed and asked him what he could do .
He said he could tell the suit of playing cards , so for six weeks I hid a playing card in a filing cabinet and he rang in with his guess .
He was quite successful with this task , getting three out of six guesses right , but said he preferred the horses where you have a list of names to look at .
So we devised a new test using lists of words chosen by him .
He made 14 guesses and got none right .
Yet he was sure that if he could get more relaxed , or improve his sleep and diet , or find a task more like horse racing , the results would improve .
Nick then wrote a programme which displayed a simple horse race on the computer screen , and between April and May 1999 David made 10 guesses from home .
Again the results were below chance and again David came up with numerous reasons why he had failed .
Finally we invited him to come to the lab for properly controlled tests , and after each experiment I recorded an interview with him .
In the lab David could work in his own time , predicting the outcome and then running the race when he was ready , as often as he liked up to a preset number of trials .
In the first experiment we decided on 100 trials ( several weeks work with anything between 5 and 15 trials per session ) and David predicted he would get about half the winners right .
In fact he got just 6 – fewer than the 10 predicted by chance .
Afterwards I asked him about these results .
“ Well , I was very happy with the results that I got .
I was totally pleased with them because one of the things I said was sort of linking some of the numbers up … like one , two and ten together ; three , four and nine together , and five , six , seven and eight together .
… You can look at them in lots of different ways , but looking at them that way , one , two and ten , come up with 39 answers out of a hundred . …
So I was totally happy when I saw the results .
The second last session I did , there was still ten more to do and at the end of that I added all the results and come up with a graph and everything and I looked at that and I saw a few things there , and I thought , I ’m really pleased with that . ”
He did indeed make a graph , and a chart of results , and numerous calculations .
His understanding of probability was far sharper than mine , and yet he seemed always to conclude that he had succeeded , when I thought he had not .
The problem , as so often in psychic claims , is looking for patterns after the fact .
If you study the results of any such experiment you can always find interesting patterns , and we did .
The question is – are they chance or real ?
The answer is – if they are different every time , and only visible in retrospect , then they are probably chance .
As we explained , if he could predict in advance that he would get , say , more hits on positions seven and eight – or indeed any pattern he cared to predict , then we could test that .
We eventually carried out five experiments of this kind .
In the later ones we gave him toy money with which he could bet a different amount on each race .
The results of these experiments were fascinating .
None of the individual results was significant for first place hits .
Overall David completed 210 trials with ten horse races , and obtained exactly 21 hits .
In other words it appears as though there is nothing but chance guessing operating .
Nonetheless , he came out with a small profit on his winnings , a sum of ranks significantly below chance ( which suggests something other than chance going on ) , and a conviction that his powers were real .
After each experiment he explained why he had failed , and maintained great optimism about his achievements .
In our final interview I was quite straight with him .
I knew him fairly well by now and really wanted to understand what was going on in his mind .
I suggested that “ it ’s all chance , and all these ideas you have are actually completely irrelevant . ”
To my surprise he agreed this was possible , but added “ I ’m totally convinced that I do have an ability – what the first hundred experiments show is that I ca n’t just do anything I want to , I just ca n’t consciously decide .
I have to have my mind in a certain status , a certain way , and it ’s something I ’ve got to be relaxed about , and I ’ve got to be confident about what I ’m doing .
… I ’m still learning . ”
I told him that skeptics would not yet be convinced and he replied “ but I ’m so certain , so positive that I definitely can do it that it ’s only a matter of time – that it will be there . ”
In all these cases the people involved stuck to their own familiar paradigms – and here the much over - used word ‘ paradigm ’ is quite apposite ( Kuhn , 1962 ) .
When the results were not as they expected they did not consider the possibility that their whole paradigm was false , but instead preferred to patch it up with ad hoc explanations for every failure .
Although James did change his mind in important ways , he did not abandon the idea that aliens were abducting him .
But then imagine how hard it would have been for him , or any of them .
In all cases they were deeply committed to their world views and to some extent their whole lives were bound up with their beliefs .
James was involved with various UFO organisations and with magazines about aliens .
David and Virginia made their living out of selling bio-electric shields and other similar products , and David Spark once told me , referring to his work with us “ It is the actual focus of my life ” .
Skepticism is the focus of many skeptics ’ lives .
Some have committed their careers to promoting skepticism and to debunking paranormal claims .
Would they find it easy to change their minds if good evidence for the paranormal came along ?
I think not .
The problem in making this comparison is that there is , as far as I can tell , no good evidence for the paranormal .
Nevertheless , some skeptics display just the same reluctance to change , and tendency to biassed interpretations , as the most ardent believers do .
In skeptical books and magazines we can read again and again authors who prefer to accept even the feeblest and least well - founded skeptical explanation of a claim , rather than consider the possibility that the claim might be true .
Yet if we are going to study psychic claims at all , we must always consider the possibility that they are true .
Unlikely as it is , ESP and PK might exist .
There could be new forces as yet undiscovered .
We should accept the best explanation we can find – not the one that we like the most .
The lesson we should learn from James , David , Virginia and David Spark is not that believers find it hard to be open - minded but that we all do .
Not only is it emotionally taxing to consider our least favourite theories , but it is hard work too .
It takes a lot of time and effort to make a reasonably fair and unbiassed assessment of any paranormal claim .
I knew I was no longer prepared to it properly when one day a huge pile of papers arrived in the post .
The Stargate affair had just broken .
The evidence coming out of all the Stanford Research Institute remote viewing work was published and various people were arguing about whether it did , or did not , provide evidence for psi .
Several people asked for my opinion and a friend sent me a huge packet containing all the information .
I balked .
I was not prepared to be an ignorant parapsychologists / skeptic and give opinions on experiments I had not studied .
I knew that I would only be prepared to give an opinion – whether publicly or privately – if I had read all that material .
And I knew that I did not want to read it .
I knew then that I had to give up .
In the fall of 1998 I gave a lecture to the Society for Psychical Research entitled “ Why I must give up psychical research ” .
The more serious reason why I have given up is that I no longer believe in the world I outlined at the start .
Indeed , I no longer believe that the search for paranormal phenomena will provide insight into the “ big questions ” of life – though when I started out on my career in parapsychology I was sure it would .
I really believed that studying the paranormal would help me with such mysteries as “ What kind of world is this ?
What am I ? and How should I live my life ? ”
As the founders of psychical research perceived , questions about ESP , PK , and survival of death strike right to the heart of these big questions .
If ESP and PK exist , our minds have the power to reach beyond the body with its ordinary senses and physical limitations .
Much of psychology and neuroscience must be wrong because they are entirely founded on the assumption that physical transfer of energy and information is required to produce behaviour , understanding and awareness .
If there is personal survival of death then we humans must have some kind of soul or inner self that can survive independently of the body .
Some form of dualism must be true , however inconceivable that seems to our present day science and philosophy .
The implications are immense .
So too are the implications for how we should live our lives .
If telepathy or PK are real then we might be able to help others with their use .
Perhaps we should cultivate them , or learn to protect ourselves against their misuse .
If survival is real then we must live our lives in the knowledge that there is some realm beyond – where our earthly deeds may have consequences , and which gives some new meaning to our lives here on earth .
But what if they do n’t exist ?
Then each of us is a biological creature , designed by natural selection for the survival of our genes and memes ; here for no reason at all other than the dictates of chance and necessity , and unable to contact or influence anyone else except through the normal senses and physical processes .
Our consciousness , and the perceived world around us , emerge from the complex interactions between brains and their environment , and when those brains decay then our awareness stops .
Living in a world like this is truly scary .
There is nothing to hang onto .
It seems to me now that free will is an illusion , and even our precious selves are not solid persisting entities but ephemeral constructions that change all the time .
There is no continuous self who lives our lives , let alone one that could survive our deaths .
There is no point in behaving well so as to have our reward in the afterlife , for there is no afterlife .
There is only this world now , and our actions must reflect that knowledge .
I say this is genuinely scary , though I think it gets easier with practice .
And to those who accuse me of being scared of the paranormal , I can only say “ try this instead ” .
But asking which you find most scary really is not the point .
Fear is never a good reason for choosing one ’s view of the world .
How then can we answer the big questions ?
I would say in two ways .
One is by personal experience and disciplined observation ; trying to see clearly the truth about oneself and the world .
That is why I meditate and practice mindfulness .
So throwing out the paranormal does not mean abandoning spirituality or spiritual practice .
The other is by doing science , and for me the interesting questions now concern evolutionary processes , memes , and the origins of consciousness ( Blackmore , 1999 ) .
What then of parapsychology ?
The world still might be as I imagined it at the start and because the implications would be so profound I am glad that others are carrying on .
The recent resurgence of funding for parapsychology means there are several new labs and many new researchers at work .
If psi does exist then one day one of them will find a way to demonstrate it and a theory to explain it .
If that happens I shall be back like a shot , but until then , happily , I have given up .
References
Blackmore , S.J. 1987
The elusive open mind :
Ten years of negative research in parapsychology , Skeptical Inquirer 11 244-255
Blackmore , S.J. 1996
In Search of the Light : The Adventures of a Parapsychologist Amherst , New York , Prometheus
Blackmore , S.J. 1997 Scientific analysis of an “ Alien Implant ” .
UFO Magazine , Nov / Dec , 9-11
Blackmore , S.J. 1999 The Meme Machine Oxford University Press .
Blackmore , S.J. and Rose , N. Testing the bioelectric shield .
Alternative Therapies , 8;5 , 62-67
Dawkins , R. ( 1998 ) Unweaving the Rainbow : Science , Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder .
London , Penguin
Kuhn , T.S. ( 1962 ) The Structure of Scientific Revolutions .
Chicago .
Buy this book from Amazon.co.uk or Amazon.com
Advocacy - Led Research Advocacy means more than research conducted with participants at the table .
It means that the people are leading the research effort .
Our tools , partnerships , and projects build capacity in communities , enable new cross-sector partnerships , and place control in the hands of the people .
Expecting Health Expecting Health is a team of key leaders in health communication and pregnancy and pediatric health , with a strong passion for bridging actionable , evidence - based information with the everyday realities of life for families .
We know that education and support needs do n’t end at childbirth .
Instead , a whole new set of education and support needs emerge .
Bloomberg has a habit of reinventing himself , from " lifelong Democrat " to " Giuliani II " to Bush 's biggest financial backer in 2004 to his support of LIEberman in 2006 and now this .
And I have this to say to anyone who thinks Bloomberg is moderate .
You 're not paying attention .
If Bloomberg was moderate , he should have stood up to George W Bush 's extremism in 2004 .
Instead , Bloomberg was Bush 's number one financier .
Had Bloomberg spoken out then , he'd have credibility .
If Bloomberg was really willing to help Democrats , he would n't have lent his entire political team to Joe LIEberman , the most self serving and dishonest man in the Senate .
Looking at Bloomberg 's record as mayor , it is nothing to be proud of .
He has presided over the worst school system in America which has taken the follies of No Child Left Behind to extremes , so much so that teachers in poorer communities can get written up for using two staples instead of three on a bulletin board .
It is so ridiculous that lessons are often scripted months in advance and the teacher must be doing what the bureaucrats have written down in the script on the exact day or they get in trouble ( unless they 're sucking up . )
Is that moderate ?
During the Republican convention , Bloomberg helped jail several hundred people for no lawful reason because Bush did not want bad publicity .
Is that moderate ?
As mayor train , subway , bus and road services have deteriorated for the outer boroughs .
If you live between 14th and 96th Street in Manhattan , your parks , schools , sidewalks , etc ... are well taken care of but most of the rest of city residents are treated like peasants or afterthoughts .
Is that a moderate ?
Bloomberg 's tax policies have shifted wealth upward , making NYC less affordable to the middle class , increased fees for middle class residents , and brought Reagan style supply side economics to NY .
Is that moderate ?
Do I think Bloomberg is a fascist , James Dobson , or Pat Robertson ?
No I do not .
Does Bloomberg have a few actual middle of the road positions on issues like guns , the environment , gay rights , etc ...
Yes he does .
But just because a man agrees with you 20 % of the time ( and he does with me which is double what most Republicans garner with me ) does not mean that I should somehow vote for him , instead of the Democrat who agrees with me 85 - 90 % of the time .
Were I to do such a thing , I 'd be an idiot .
You can expect the corporate media to label Bloomberg as someone who is a " moderate Democrat " to try + steal votes from us .
You 'll hear constant criticisms from the Right that Bloomberg was a " Republican In Name Only . "
And it 's all bullshit .
Republicans have seen the polls and trends and know that in a heads up race , they 're going to take a beating in 2008 the likes of which they 've never seen .
Their ONLY CHANCE is to have a seemingly credible 3rd party candidate in the race to take away votes from Democrats and shift the actual center way rightward .
The ONLY person in America who can pull off this feat is Michael Bloomberg .
Bloomberg is further to the Right than most Americans .
Yes he is not as far to the Right as any of the major Republican candidates for President but Bloomberg is still further to the right than most Americans .
Any progressive , liberal , or moderate that would vote for this man for President instead of the Democrat is a fool .
I ’m Not Lovin ’ It
It ’s time for another Rotten Apple Award , kids .
The Impulsive Buy blog – which puts the “ ew ” in product review – covers everything from the new mint flavored Tylenol to McDonald ’s new cinnamon bites , or bits , or buns , or something .
The Rotten Apple is not being bestowed upon Impulsive Buy , however – it ’s Mickey D that deserves all the glory on this one .
We try not to pick on McDonald ’s too much .
After all , there ’s the Cheesecake Factory , where you can gain a pound by eating a single slice of cake .
And to its credit , McDonald ’s does make nutrition and calorie information available , something which the Cheesecake Factory evidently has a lot of trouble doing .
But I feel McDonald ’s is being blatantly disingenuous when there ’s all this talk about premium chicken , premium coffee , and premium salads going on yet surreptitiously the G.A. ( that ’s Golden Arches ) still pushes new sugary , fattening products with more speed and consistency than their employee turnover rate .
Is n’t it rather hypocritical to advertise those happy mommy - n- me commercials featuring salads , apple slices and sweet smiles , or to make a big public announcements about eliminating trans fat from french fries , while simultaneously introducing this 460 - calorie dessert of glorified sugar biscuits ?
I know McDonald ’s is n’t trying to position itself as Mecca for health nuts , but they ’ve also done heavy ( elephantine , really ) marketing in the last few years to play up their healthier options and apparent concern for people ’s hearts and waistlines .
Now that ’s just rotten .
About the Author
Post navigation
If you 'd like to add an avatar to all of your comments click here !
The Shiite militia groups hold sway around the rich oil fields of southern Iraq , which dominate the country ’s oil production , the State Department official said .
For that reason , he said , the Shiite militias are more likely to be involved in theft there than the largely Sunni insurgents , who are believed to benefit mostly from smuggling refined products in the north .
In the south , the official said , “ There is not an issue of insurgency , per se , but it could be funding Shia factions , and that could very well be true . ”
“ That would be a concern if they were using smuggling money to blow up American soldiers or kill Sunnis or do anything that could harm the unity of the country , ” the official said .
The report by the accountability office is the most comprehensive look yet at faltering American efforts to rebuild Iraq ’s oil and electricity sectors .
For the analysis of Iraq ’s oil production , the accountability office called upon experts at the Energy Information Administration within the United States Department of Energy , which has long experience in analyzing oil production and exports worldwide .
Erik Kreil , an oil expert at the information administration who is familiar with the analysis , said a review of industry figures around the world — exports , refinery figures and other measures — could not account for all the oil that Iraq says it is producing .
The administration also took into account how much crude oil was consumed internally , to do things like fuel Iraqi power plants and refine into gasoline and other products .
When all those uses of the oil were taken into consideration , Mr. Kreil said , Iraq ’s stated production figures did not add up .
“ Either they ’re producing less , or they ’re producing what they say and the difference is completely unaccounted for in any of the places we think it should go , ” Mr. Kreil said .
“ Either it ’s overly optimistic , or it ’s unaccounted for . ”
by
Remember last week ’s kerfuffle over whether the movie industry could own random 128 - bit numbers ?
( If not , here ’s some background : 1 , 2 , 3 )
Now , thanks to our newly developed VirtualLandGrab technology , you can own a 128 - bit integer of your very own .
Here ’s how we do it .
First , we generate a fresh pseudorandom integer , just for you .
Then we use your integer to encrypt a copyrighted haiku , thereby transforming your integer into a circumvention device capable of decrypting the haiku without your permission .
We then give you all of our rights to decrypt the haiku using your integer .
The DMCA does the rest .
The haiku is copyright 2007 by Edward W. Felten :
We own integers ,
Says AACS LA .
You can own one too .
Here is your very own 128 - bit integer , which we hereby deed to you :
[ ca n’t display integer ]
If you ’d like another integer , just hit Shift - Reload , and we ’ll make a fresh one for you .
Make as many as you want !
Did we mention that a shiny new integer would make a perfect Mother ’s Day gift ?
If you like our service , you can upgrade for a low annual fee to VirtualLandGrab Gold – and claim thousands of integers with a single click !
In his Python 3000 keynote , Guido talked about having marker interfaces to make more explicit notions like " list - like " and " file - like " .
As I understood it , the idea is to be able to test that an object is " list - like " or " file - like " explicitly rather than arbitrarily pick some attribute on the object to test for as the diagnostic .
What confused me at the time was that Guido was calling this feature " Abstract Base Classes " .
To me , this conflates inheritance with polymorphism .
Are n't abstract base classes fundamentally about inheritance of ( partial ) implementation ?
But surely this is n't what Guido is talking about — he's purely talking about the interchangeability of objects ( i.e. polymorphism ) .
So is n't the term " abstract base class " inappropriate and potentially misleading ?
Even casual
YouTube users have no doubt come across video clips that the company has taken down for one reason or another , but a new service gives viewers at least a chance to see the offending content .
Delutube , as its name implies , can serve up some video clips even after YouTube has purged them .
Looking through a selection of random clips on Delutube provides insight into YouTube 's takedown practices .
A large number of the clips contain copyrighted music , though the video is typically of high school girls trying to look like strippers as hip - hop plays in the background .
( Note that not all of these clips may be work - safe . )
Delutube allows visitors to enter the video ID ( pulled from the end of the YouTube URL ) of a deleted clip , then attempts to retrieve the clip from YouTube 's system .
Clips are not apparently deleted from YouTube 's database at the moment they are taken down ( or they at least persist in YouTube 's cache before being cleared ) , allowing Delutube a chance of retrieving them .
The site also allows for the easy downloading of clips .
The service , and others like it , could make YouTube 's network an easy way to share and download even illicit video files that will quickly be pulled from the public portion of the site .
It 's also the sort of thing likely to cause even more angst among content owners , especially if visitors can still retrieve clips that have been the target of DMCA takedown notices .
Delutube is n't the only service that can do such a thing , of course , but it 's possibly the most ironic ; the site makes money serving Google ads .
The creation of these services shows how much demand exists for this sort of material , and what a hard time content owners have controlling it .
For them , such sites are one more frustrating roadblock on the way to exerting control of songs and video clips on the Internet .
Are such sites legal ?
It 's hard to say .
The clips all come from YouTube 's servers , and many of them do n't appear to infringe anyone 's copyright ( these are generally removed due to depictions of drunken behavior or inappropriate sexual content ) .
Still , expect some form of legal action against the services if they become a big - enough nuisance to content owners or make YouTube 's own negotiations with copyright holders more difficult .
The committee that recommended Salman Rushdie for a knighthood did not discuss any possible political ramifications and never imagined that the award would provoke the furious response that it has done in parts of the Muslim world , the Guardian has learnt .
It also emerged yesterday that the writers ' organisation that led the lobbying for the author of Midnight 's Children and The Satanic Verses to be knighted had originally hoped that the honour would lead to better relations between Britain and Asia .
The news came as the row spread around the world and the British high commissioner in Islamabad made representations to the Pakistani government over remarks supposedly made by the minister for religious affairs , Mohammed Ejaz ul - Haq , in which he appeared to justify suicide bombings as a response to the award .
Rushdie was celebrating his 60th birthday in London yesterday and is not commenting on the latest threats to his life .
It is understood he is anxious not to inflame the situation .
Scotland Yard declined to comment as a matter of policy on whether the writer has been given police protection .
The arts and media committee that proposed him for a knighthood is one of eight similar committees that make recommendations to the main committee , which then forwards the final names to the prime minister .
It was chaired by Lord Rothschild , the investment banker and former chairman of the trustees of the National Gallery .
The other committee members are Jenny Abramsky , the BBC 's director of radio and music ; novelist and poet Ben Okri , who is vice - president of the English chapter of PEN International , which campaigns on behalf of writers who face persecution ; Andreas Whittam Smith , former editor of the Independent ; John Gross , the author and former theatre critic of the Sunday Telegraph ; and two permanent secretaries , one from the Department for Culture , Media and Sport and one from the Scottish executive .
" Very properly , we were concerned only with merit in relation to the level of the award , " Mr Whittam Smith said yesterday .
He added that it would be for the main committee to assess any other aspects of the honour .
The Foreign Office is represented on the main committee by the permanent secretary , whose job it would be to raise any potential international ramifications .
A Foreign Office spokesman said he was not aware of any request by the honours committee to gauge likely Muslim reaction to the knighthood before the decision was taken .
PEN International , which campaigned on behalf of Rushdie when he was in hiding during the fatwa years , has lobbied consistently for him to be honoured .
Yesterday the director of its London chapter , Jonathan Heawood , said that he was taken aback by the scale of the reaction .
Mr Heawood said it had been felt that an honour for the writer , who was born in Bombay ( now Mumbai ) , would be seen as a positive step in British - Asian relations .
" The honour is for services to literature and a very belated recognition that he is a world writer , who was in the vanguard of a writing tradition that exploded in the 80s in south Asia , " said Mr Heawood .
" It seems a shame that a few lines in his fourth novel should have turned him into this hate figure .
He has become a Guy Fawkes figure to be thrown on a bonfire whenever it suits a government to divert attention from what is happening in their own countries . "
The Pakistani foreign ministry summoned the British high commissioner yesterday to complain about the knighthood , but British officials said they used the occasion to protest about the remarks by Mr Ejaz ul - Haq , who has since said that his comments were a statement of fact and not intended to incite violence .
" The high commissioner , Robert Brinkley , made clear to the Pakistan ministry of foreign affairs the British government 's deep concern about what the minister of religious affairs is reported to have said , " a Foreign Office spokeswoman said .
" We made very clear that nothing can justify suicide bomb attacks . "
However , Pakistan 's foreign minister , Kurshid Kasuri , said on a visit to Washington that Britain could not have been surprised by the outrage .
The chairman of the all - party group on Pakistan , the Conservative MP Stewart Jackson , also attacked the decision to knight Rushdie .
" We do not need a situation where we are gratuitously offending our allies in the fight against terror , " he told the ePolitix website .
" I think the prime minister 's office should think very carefully about that decision . "
No date has been set for the investiture .
Two ceremonies are due to take place next month but they are likely to be for those who were named in the New Year 's honours list .
Rushdie could become Sir Salman in the next batch of investitures between October and December or early next year .
' To say it is an insult is absurd '
Hari Kunzru
" The idea that it is some kind of calculated insult is an absurdity .
The real insult - to the intelligence and decency of ' the world 's 1.5 billion Muslims ' , for whom people such as Mohammed Ejaz ul - Haq presume to speak - comes from the ignorance and paranoia of leaders who feel so threatened by a novelist that they 'll call for him to be killed . "
Kathy Lette
" Being Australian , of course , I 'm slightly allergic to royal anointing of any kind ... but I am definitely in favour of celebrating the achievements of writers .
Salman deserves to win every accolade imaginable for his creative gifts , but also for his immense bravery . "
Lisa Appignanesi
" For Iran 's foreign ministry to wade into our honours system and portray the decision to honour Rushdie as 'an orchestrated act of aggression directed against Islamic societies ' is to repeat the mistake which began with Ayatollah Khomeini 's fatwa . "
Will Self
" Given the furore that The Satanic Verses occasioned , it does strike me that any responsible writer might ask himself whether the fallout from accepting such an honour was really worth the bauble ... it is surely better that writers decline any form of honour . "
Ruth Dudley Edwards
" There is only one explanation why Rushdie has been singled out .
It is that Tony Blair ... wants to put two fingers up to Iran as well as to extremist Islam everywhere . "
Shriram Krishnamurthi's excellent book , Programming Languages : Application and Interpretation ( PLAI ) , long available in PDF form , is now available in paperback .
There 's also a paid download available , " in case you want to reward the author in kind " .
A free PDF of the latest version is still available , which " really is the entire book , with no strings attached . "
The book is now licensed under a Creative Commons license which allows it to be adapted ( " remixed " ) to fit a course .
Here 's an overview of the book 's approach :
By Alastair Leithead
BBC News , Helmand
The new type of bomb is an extra worry for Kabul security
Afghan intelligence sources say the bomb can penetrate heavily armoured vehicles and was set up by a road to target a high - level government convoy .
There is increasing evidence that sophisticated explosives technology is crossing into Afghanistan from Iraq .
Police and government officials say they believe Iran is the source of these so - called " shaped charges " .
' Shaped charges '
They have been used widely in Iraq and now it seems they are on the streets of Afghanistan .
These " shaped charges " are designed to explode in a specific direction , to concentrate the force into one point , and their discovery in Kabul is a worrying development for security forces .
A source from the Afghan intelligence agency said the bomb had been planted by a busy roadside in the centre of the capital but had been discovered before it was detonated .
He said the intended target was mostly likely a high - level government convoy .
Hi-tech charges have been found in Afghanistan close to the Iranian border before and senior police and government officials have told the BBC that Iran 's security agencies are involved with supplying the Taleban insurgency with money , weapons and explosives .
In April , in the southern Helmand province , weapons of Iranian origin were found but there was no direct link to the government .
The Iranian ambassador to Kabul strongly denies any involvement .
AMSTERDAM ( Reuters ) -
An 84 - year - old Dutch driver astonished police this week when he admitted during a random check that not only was his car uninsured but he had been driving without a license for 67 years .
Dutch media said Wednesday the man had escaped detection because he had never got a speeding ticket or been involved in a crash .
The man promised police he would ditch his car , which had also never been put through a vehicle safety test , reports added .
As a business grows , need for multiple domains arises .
Viewing this requirement , hosting companies started offering unlimited domain hosting or multiple domains hosting plans eliminating the restriction of hosting single domain only .
With that hosting provider offers to host unlimited sub - domains , Addon domains , databases , FTP and e-mail accounts on each domain .
The only limit apply is allocated resource for web disk space and bandwidth .
Each domain managed through the single control panel .
Domain Name System ( DNS ) point domain towards IP address of the server .
When a domain name entered , DNS records holding information of every website on Internet fetches the server IP address and serve the site .
When a customer migrates , only IP changes , domain name remains same .
Nobody can remember numeric IP 's , but domain names are rememberable .
A Hosting server has DNS server installed , designed to manage the domains records .
DNS Records
Nameservers : routes incoming information to the intended destination .
A Record : Purest form of DNS and it points domain to an IP address
AAAA Record : Same as A record and allows to point a domain to an IP v6 address instead of an IP v4 one .
CNAME ( Canonical name ) : redirects one domain to another .
Mostly , www CNAME record points to a domain name .
TXT Records : a bit of a catch - all record , to provide information to external sources .
Depending on needs serves different purposes .
MX ( mail exchanger ) Entry : specify email route to a different server despite being a subdomain
“ PROVOCATION ” is an old Soviet game that can be hard to follow .
When two countries employ the same techniques , luring the other into useful folly , it is harder still .
In the spat between Russia and Georgia , it has begun to seem that what looked like an overreaction by the Kremlin — and thus a victory , however pyrrhic , for the Georgians — may have a very different purpose and meaning .
The Kremlin loathes Georgia , once a cherished vassal , with the special wrath reserved for wayward loved ones .
To the Russians , Mikhail Saakashvili , Georgia 's president , is an American puppet , hell - bent on taking his country into NATO , and the arch - carrier of the germ of post - Soviet revolution .
For his part , Mr Saakashvili is irate over Russia 's meddlesome backing for South Ossetia and Abkhazia , two regions of Georgia that broke away in the early 1990s .
Georgia 's arrest last month of a handful of Russian intelligence officers ( terrorists , insists Mr Saakashvili ) may have been a counter - provocation , aimed at garnering international sympathy .
If that was the plan , it probably worked : the Russians went berserk .
Even though the men were swiftly deported , Russia recalled its ambassador , evacuated other Russians , severed transport and postal links with Georgia — and then imposed a raft of punitive measures against the legions of ethnic Georgians ( many of them Russian citizens ) living and working in Russia itself .
In Moscow , hundreds have been arrested and deported ( pictured above ) ; celebrities with Georgian names harassed ; Georgian - owned businesses raided and closed .
The manager of one Georgian restaurant says the staff are in hiding ; another says the water has been turned off .
The police , meanwhile , asked Moscow schools for lists of children with Georgian surnames , though Dmitri Peskov , a Kremlin spokesman , terms the request a “ disgusting ” excess of zeal .
Now we understand how Chechens living here feel , says a doctor , who like many Moscow Georgians is a refugee from Abkhazia .
New immigration laws , explicitly targeted against Georgians , are promised ; so are restrictions on the remittances that help prop up Georgia 's economy ; Russians allege they contribute to its militarisation .
Another hike in the price of Russian gas seems likely ( there was one last winter , along with mysterious simultaneous explosions in both export pipelines ) .
Mr Saakashvili may have underestimated the further damage the Kremlin can do to Georgia .
He may also have over - estimated the outside help he can expect .
“ Russia sees Georgia as a bastion of the West , ” he complains , “ but the West does n't . ”
For all that , Georgia will survive the confrontation .
But can Russia ?
The Kremlin 's escalation of it is an extreme example of another Soviet habit Mr Putin has inherited : using foreign enemies as scapegoats and tools in domestic politics .
Past targets have included America , Ukraine , and foreign do - gooders allegedly engaged in espionage .
This row comes as anxiety mounts over the question of the succession to Mr Putin when his second ( and supposedly final ) presidential term ends in 2008 .
A foreign threat , even a bogus one , will help keep the electorate pliant , whatever the Kremlin decides to do .
This scaremongering is matched by the Kremlin 's shifting stance towards xenophobic nationalism , already starkly manifest in a plague of racist murders by skinheads ( often un - or under - punished ) .
An anti-Caucasian riot in Kondopoga in northern Russia last month was what once would have been called a pogrom .
Until recently , the Kremlin has tried to “ ride the tiger ” of extreme nationalism , as Dmitri Trenin , of the Carnegie think - tank in Moscow , puts it , through a risky double strategy : portraying itself as a bulwark against extremism , but also trying to harness nationalist instincts for its own ends .
It is widely thought to have created the nationalist Motherland party to siphon votes away from the Communists .
( Motherland is now being merged with two other parties into what will become the main “ opposition ” — almost certainly a completely loyal one ) .
Mr Putin seems now to be giving the tiger freer rein .
For example , he last week enjoined his ministers to protect the interests of “ Russia 's native population ” against the ethnic gangs who , he said , control the street markets .
Such gangs are “ a reality ” , says the Kremlin 's Mr Peskov , in justification .
But after a racist bombing in a Moscow market killed a dozen people in August , Mr Putin 's remarks were at best inadvisable ; and in what is — however much some ethnic Russians might wish otherwise — a multi-ethnic country , potentially disastrous .
So , in a different way , might be the growing squeeze on foreign energy firms .
Big investments are running into trouble , and after years of dangling the carrot of outside involvement in the giant offshore Shtokman gasfield , Gazprom , the state - run gas giant , now says it will go it alone .
The state 's attitude to both business and Georgia demonstrates Mr Putin 's failure to create the “ dictatorship of the law ” that he once promised .
Untrammelled by normal constraints such as an independent judiciary or a genuine opposition , the Kremlin makes and breaks laws as it pleases .
The growth of racist violence is both evidence and result of a broader lawlessness .
Lack of faith in government institutions , and especially in the police , says Eduard Ponarin of St Petersburg 's European University , leads some to seek other forms of redress .
A recent string of high - profile contract - killings — of a top central banker and of an engineer for a gas company that is in dispute with the government — are another sign of this lawlessness .
On October 7th , Anna Politkovskaya , a journalist and campaigner ( see our obituary ) , died in the same way .
According to some ( including Mr Putin ) , her murder was another provocation , designed to discredit the Russian authorities whom she bravely criticised .
But whoever killed her , Mr Putin shares the blame for having made independent journalism both rare and perilous .
Dictatorship of the lawless
Russia 's huge size and troubled history make any comparisons risky .
Yet some see historical parallels in present trends .
Yegor Gaidar , a former prime minister , draws an analogy with inter-war Germany , which like post - Soviet Russia experienced economic chaos , then a period of stabilisation in which post - imperial nostalgia took hold .
Vladimir Ryzhkov , one of the few remaining independent parliamentarians , worries that Mr Putin seems to be switching from an imperial idea of Russia towards one more resembling a “ Reich ” .
History also offers a term to describe the direction in which Russia sometimes seems to be heading : a word that captures the paranoia and self - confidence , lawlessness and authoritarianism , populism and intolerance , and economic and political nationalism that now characterise Mr Putin 's administration .
It is an over - used word , and a controversial one , especially in Russia .
It is not there yet , but Russia sometimes seems to be heading towards fascism .
" Pirates compete the same way we do - through quality , price and availability . "
Giving the Keynote address at Mipcom , Disney co-chair Anne Sweeney has broken with studio convention and recognised piracy as a business model to compete with , as opposed to simply an illegal threat to be battled .
Sweeney 's pragmatic conversion came after seing - within 15 minutes of the ABC network premiere of Despearate Housewives - a high - quality , ad - free version that had appeared on P2P networks .
“ We understand now that piracy is a business model , ” said Sweeney , twice voted Hollywood 's most powerful woman by the Hollywood Reporter .
“ It exists to serve a need in the market for consumers who want TV content on demand .
Pirates compete the same way we do - through quality , price and availability .
We we do n’t like the model but we realise it ’s competitive enough to make it a major competitor going forward . ”
In the year since the iTunes deal was first done with Apple , Disney has sold 12.8 million episodes via iTunes and 51 of the 272 TV series available on the service are Disney products .
" audiences have the upper hand and show no sign of giving it back . ”
As reported on PaidContent.org , Sweeney 's address also pointed out :
- Eighty - four percent of those that used the on - demand service said that it was a “ good deal ” to get a free episode in return for watching an ad and , significantly for advertisers , 87 percent of those could recall the advertiser that sponsored the programme .
- Sweeney outlined Disney ’s strategy as : being primarily about content because it drives everything else ; being about maximising new platforms for both content and advertisers ; and sharpening its brands , because consumers choose brands they know and trust .
- Partnership , she said , is critical because Disney needs “ compatible brands ” to focus on its core aims of : a quality user experience ; growth on delivering consumer value ; content valuation and protection ; and a commitment to market products and services .
- “ The digital revolution has unleashed a consumer coup .
We have to not only make in - demand content but make it on - demand .
This power shift changes the way we think about our business , industry and our viewers .
We have to build our businesses around their behaviour and their interests . ”
- “ The most powerful creativity comes in response to a challenge - as long as you know who you are and where you want to go . ”
- “ All of us have to continually renew our business in order to renew our brands because audiences have upper hand and show no sign of giving it back . ”
see > calm down !
a web-comic
Why do they call it " finding " love ?
Did you lose it while doing laundry or something ?
You 're supposed to " find " the right person among the billions of people on this planet .
Love is like magic .
Can you even grasp the probability of a stochastic geo-distribution such that the " right " person for 99.9 % of population , is within a 20 - mile radius ?
Magic , indeed .
[ permalink | direct image ]
LIARDS A Nintendo DS rom compiler
Introduction
Liards simply wants assembly forms for the arm7 and / or arm9 processor of a Nintendo DS and transforms them into an .nds file , to be executed on a real live DS or a DS emulator .
It has also some memory locations defined .
Nothing special .
Nothing to see .
Move along .
Mailing List
Download
To get the latest development version , do a :
darcs get http://common-lisp.net/project/liards/darcs/liards
darcs get http://common-lisp.net/project/liards/darcs/umpa-lumpa darcs get http://common-lisp.net/project/armish/darcs/armish darcs get http://common-lisp.net/project/bese/repos/arnesi_dev darcs get http://common-lisp.net/project/bese/repos/fiveam
You can also browse the darcs tree and commit log if you like .
Documentation
In the README in the document root , or the online darcs one .
Project members
[ an error occurred while processing this directive ]
The End of the World
expand shrink
If you wanted to make the death look natural , or just to keep things simple , you would presumably avoid the restaurant scenario .
And yet , if many Russia - watchers are to be believed , the country 's Federal Security Service ( FSB ) recently attempted just such an assassination .
On November 1 , Alexander Litvinenko , a 43 - year - old Russian who used to work for the FSB , ( the post - Soviet version of the KGB ) , had lunch at Itsu , a cheap - and - cheerful Japanese eatery , with an Italian spycatcher .
By that evening , he was feeling so ill he was admitted to hospital .
Doctors wasted 10 days trying to treat him for food poisoning .
His condition deteriorated - hair falling out , difficulty speaking , white blood cells disappearing , unable to eat , even nourishment from a drip causing him to vomit .
It was only when they listened to his pleas to investigate whether he had been poisoned that doctors realised Litvinenko 's body contained three times the fatal dose of thallium , a tasteless , odourless killer used in rat poison until , in the 1970s , it was banned as too dangerous .
They are now trying to neutralise the slow - acting poison ; but it may be four weeks before it is clear whether the ex-secret service man will live .
Litvinenko's friends in London have been quick to accuse the Kremlin of being behind this poisoning .
They say Russia wanted to stop Litvinenko investigating the assassination last month of another high - profile critic of the Russian government - his friend , the campaigning journalist Anna Politkovskaya .
They believe the Kremlin was also to blame for Politkovskaya being shot outside her Moscow apartment door .
The first British instinct is to laugh off these accusations .
For Litvinenko's friends in London are a coalition of avowed enemies of the Kremlin .
They range from a London - based human - rights activist called Alex Goldfarb to a London - based envoy for separatists fighting Russian rule in Chechnya , Akhmed Zakayev ( Litvinenko's neighbour in north London ) , to the exiled and London - based oligarch , Boris Berezovsky , the highest - profile opponent of President Vladimir Putin , in whose Mayfair offices the rest of the group can often be seen .
Berezovsky and Zakayev won political asylum in Britain after the Russian government failed to prove its claims that there was a case for both men to face criminal charges ( in Berezovsky 's case , for fraud ; in Zakayev's , for war crimes ) at home .
But there is a precedent for Litvinenko 's poisoning .
In 1978 , operatives from one of the Soviet Union 's satellite states , Bulgaria , decided to bump off Georgy Markov , a diplomat who had defected to Britain .
In true James Bond fashion , his assassin prodded a ricin pellet under the defector 's skin from the point of a doctored umbrella while he stood in a bus queue .
Markov , who felt a sharp pain as the pellet entered his body , died after three days .
When Bulgaria 's Communist regime collapsed a decade later , a stock of special assassination umbrellas was discovered at the interior ministry in Sofia .
A cultural preference for the more absurd kind of murder has run through stories of KGB activity over the years , in keeping with the agency 's fondness for smear and destabilisation campaigns in the countries in which it operated while the Soviet Union was a worldwide superpower .
Even today , foreigners who deal regularly with Russia quickly learn to give at least some credence to the regular dark stories of dirty tricks by murky and usually unnamed " forces " .
Many of the latest FSB stories have a London component because , since the 1990s , Britain 's oligarch - friendly tax laws have made London the home - in - exile of choice for any Russian with money to burn .
It is not just Berezovsky , with his homes in central London and a manicured high - security estate in Surrey .
London has become home to so many Russians that it is known jocularly as Moskva na Temze - Moscow - on - Thames - and the streets of Knightsbridge , Mayfair and Belgravia ring with the voices of wealthy Russian ladies who lunch .
British public schools and universities are full of posh Sashas and Pashas .
With more Russians than ever before packing into our country , espionage levels are said to be at their highest , too , to monitor the newcomers .
In 2006 , any story accusing the Russian secret services of dark deeds leads in one direction - to President Putin , an ex-KGB man whose job before he started running Russia in 2000 was running the FSB .
All such allegations are intended to prove that Putin has given the FSB back almost all the powers of the Soviet KGB .
Litvinenko's and Berezovksy 's friends , together with the actress and activist Vanessa Redgrave , have spent the past few years campaigning to prove that Putin came to power as a result of a deeply cynical FSB plot in the autumn of 1999 .
This , they say , involved blowing up apartment blocks all around Russia , wrongly blaming the attacks on Chechen separatists , and playing on Russian fears of the fierce Muslim Chechens both to start a new war in Chechnya and to win Putin the presidential elections .
Litvinenko's book , Blowing Up Russia , details this claim .
The ex-operative , who Russia says was removed from the FSB for corruption , claims he left because he did not want to carry out an FSB order to assassinate the man who was then Putin 's political Enemy Number One - Berezovsky .
Moscow , in turn , hints that some of the more exotic crimes sometimes laid at its door are the work of " foreign connections " .
These hints seem to suggest that Berezovsky might be mischievously talking up a series of unconnected events into a froth of imaginary conspiracy .
Until now , this web of allegation and counter - allegation has been thought simply too strange to win many headlines in the British media .
Yet now the British public is becoming uneasily aware of just how many other lurid stories there are about poisonings , shootings and helicopter accidents afflicting enemies of the Kremlin worldwide .
In the winter of 2004 , the pro-western candidate for Ukraine 's presidency , Victor Yushchenko , was poisoned with dioxin , a drug that thickened his film - star features into an elephant - man mask and nearly killed him .
The poisoning has often been blamed on pro-Moscow secret service operatives .
In the autumn of 2004 , Politkovskaya , the journalist , said she had been poisoned aboard the plane she was taking south to the Chechen frontier , hoping to help negotiate a peaceful end to the hostage drama at Beslan school .
In the summer of 2004 , a Chechen separatist leader called Zelimkhan Yandarbiyev was assassinated in Qatar ; two Russians were arrested for the killing , though Moscow denied any connection .
Earlier that summer , as Putin jailed Russia 's richest oligarch , his political opponent Mikhail Khodorkovsky , on fraud charges that the billionaire says were politically motivated , a helicopter carrying Khodorkovsky 's British lawyer , Stephen Curtis , crashed on the English south coast .
Curtis had said shortly before the crash that if he died mysteriously , " it would not be an accident " .
I was at the London party where Politkovskaya shocked the British human - rights great and good by describing how she was slipped a knock - out drug on the plane south .
She woke up in hospital several days later - too late for the Beslan children , who had by then been killed in their hundreds in a botched rescue attempt .
What she remembered of the experience was the three men she had noticed in the plane , staring at her with the " eyes of enemies " .
She blamed the Russian secret services for poisoning her .
It was impossible not to believe what this fearless truth - teller said .
It was in the 1990s that Russia 's super - rich began to take an interest in Britain , as they fell out with the powers that be in Moscow and found London a friendly home .
Since Putin came to power in 2000 and began crossing swords with more and more of the irrepressible oligarchs who had got too rich and powerful under his predecessor , Boris Yeltsin , all wealthy people who fear they too might fall foul of the Kremlin - even those who , like Roman Abramovich of Chelsea football club fame , are currently on friendly terms with Moscow - make a point of having a bolt - hole over here .
What is most instantly noticeable about this immigration is the way it is pushing up London house prices way beyond the apparent logic of what the market can sustain .
To the great joy of estate agents , rich Russians like to knock several lofts together to make enough lateral space for themselves and their staff and the expensive simplicity of their high - end interior decor ; they are happy to drop millions for the right living space .
Russians are taking over the gossip columns , too , as they become a flamboyant and accepted part of London life .
Photographers love Natalia Vodianova , Russian model wife of socialite Justin Portman .
The married Abramovich's " friendship " with the pretty student daughter of another Russian billionaire with a London home has hogged plenty of inches in recent weeks , as have his occasional London football parties at Chelsea for his Moscow entourage and their visiting wives , all in fur coats and glittering with diamonds .
Even the older , less photogenic Berezovsky , who makes his money these days by trading in London property , has a glamorous young wife and the pair are snapped at society events such as days out at Goodwood , in hats and tail - coats , escorted by the PR guru Tim Bell .
But the reporting of the Litvinenko case has brought the darker side of the Russian picture into focus .
It brings the British , for the first time , within elbow - rubbing distance of the political struggles of Russians .
This week 's glimpse at the ugly underside of Moscow politics has been enough to jolt a lot of people here out of their innocent British belief that conspiracy theories are only for crackpots .
Is it now time to start being frightened that the deadly and secretive skirmishes that have come to characterise life in Russia are spilling over into the UK ?
ABC camera crew ambushed and killed in Iraq
David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Friday May 18 , 2007 Print This Email This
Two Iraqi journalists working for ABC News were ambushed and killed in Iraq Thursday , the network announced today .
Alaa Uldeen Aziz , a cameraman , and soundman Saif Laith Yousuf were killed by unknown assailants as they returned home from work at ABC News 's Baghdad bureau Thursday afternoon , according to the network .
The death's of Aziz , 33 , and Yousuf , 26 , brings the total number of journalists killed in Iraq this year to 11 , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists .
Since 2003 , the year of the US invasion , 104 journalists have lost their lives in Iraq , according to the group .
ABC said Aziz and Yousuf were ambushed by two cars full of gunmen and forced out of their vehicle .
The two men could not be found last night , and their deaths were confirmed this morning .
" They really are our eyes and ears in Iraq , " ABC Baghdad correspondent Terry McCarthy said on Good Morning America .
" Many places in Baghdad are just too dangerous for foreigners to go now .
...
Without them we are blind , we can not see what 's going on . "
This will be a site to record my thoughts and musings as they occur .
A ' vanity ' blog or website .
Postings will be sporadic as the nature of this site is not a conversation with others , but a monolog to help me in troubled times .
To Those who find good ideas , they are free for theft so long as attribution is given .
They are to be * built upon * not used to demean and tear down .
Ideas I present I do not declare to be * good * or * perfect * merely * better * or * different * .
Soon only terrorists will fly American Airlines
The executives at American Airlines must be crazy .
I heard a rumor — and I believe it is true — that they have made the decision to replace plastic knives with honest - to - God metal table knives in the first class cabin .
Are they crazy ?
Metal table knives were banned after 9 - 11 for good reason !
Those things are dangerous .
They could poke an eye out .
There is no way the government , or whoever got rid of metal table knives after 9 - 11 , would have banned them unless it was absolutely necessary to fight terrorism .
This horrible decision to allow metal on the plane is simply an invitation to terrorists that they can come right on the plane unarmed , gather up these knives , and poke people at will .
No honest citizen in his or her right mind would take the risk of flying on American in this new regime .
The next thing you know , TSA is going to allow me to fly with my 4.1 oz deodorant instead of throwing it in the garbage and rightly demanding that next time I limit myself to 3 oz .
From what I hear , that extra 1.1 oz of deodorant is just the extra amount that terrorists need to turn deodorant into nuclear weapons from scratch on the plane .
Apparently , though we have completely lost our will to fight terrorism in the sky .
( As an aside , I ’m happy to say that my iPod listening during takeoff and landing continues not to cause the plane to crash .
I 'm pleased to announce that , after a very busy weekend and one or two weeknights , I 've successfully built a Python equivalent to the Google Web Toolkit ( GWT ) that can handle half the Hello World example .
It sounds small but the pieces are largely all there in a primitive state :
a Python - to - JavaScript translator
Python datatypes
UI widgets written in Python
boiler plate HTML
Now it 's just a case of incrementally improving each of these areas .
You can see the result in revision 19 at :
Join the mailing list if you want to get involved in any way .
UPDATE ( 2006-05 - 26 ) :
The project now has a name and a website : pyjamas
MARY Alplanalp worked 19 years for the San Diego County welfare department , spurning higher - paying jobs to stay in a position where the most she ever made was $ 8 an hour .
It was worth the low wage , she figured , because of a benefit package that promised she would never be destitute in old age .
Or so she thought .
At age 83 with a long list of debilitating ailments , no family and a monthly pension of just $ 1,000 , Alplanalp says the only thing between her and homelessness is the lifetime health insurance she secured on the job to cover what Medicare does not .
Now county officials are threatening to take it away .
Advertisement
“ If I do n’t have my medication , I will hallucinate , ” said Alplanalp , who suffers from mental health problems along with colon cancer and diabetes .
“ Where has compassion gone ? ”
Alplanalp ’s worries are shared by thousands of current and former public employees in California , as officials at every level of government confront the staggering cost of providing healthcare to their retirees .
For years , public employers have promised workers lifetime benefits , but little money has been put aside to cover the bill .
Now , new accounting rules have required government employers to calculate and disclose the potential liability .
The tab is enormous .
Some examples :
Advertisement
* Over the next three decades , the Los Angeles Unified School District will have to pay out hundreds of millions of dollars a year for retiree health benefits .
It has yet to set funds aside to cover the bill .
“ These costs are just crushing , ” said district general counsel Kevin Reed .
* The state government is on the hook for payouts averaging well over a billion dollars a year -- and possibly billions more -- for retiree healthcare over the next three decades .
* Contra Costa County ’s retiree healthcare tab is on track to grow larger than the value of all its assets by 2012 , according to a government report , which would make the county at that point “ technically insolvent . ”
* In just four years ending in fiscal 2004 - 05 , the cost of providing healthcare to the average Los Angeles County retiree doubled .
By 2011 , government retiree healthcare costs statewide are projected to be nearly triple those in 2004 .
Advertisement
* A grand jury in Marin County , which surveyed dozens of public institutions for its March report “ Retiree Health Care Costs : I Think I ’m Gonna Be Sick ” warned that some local governments may soon realize “ it is impossible to meet their obligations .
Bankruptcies or a ‘ death by a thousand cuts ’ in services are real possibilities . ”
The alarming costs stem partly from public employers ’ continuing to promise lifetime health benefits long after most private firms stopped doing so .
Government retirees , in many cases , receive excellent insurance , with no premiums , no big co-pays and few out - of - pocket expenses at all .
The state of California estimates that the price tag for providing such health benefits has reached more than $ 500,000 for a married retiree and spouse who live 20 years after retiring .
Because many government employees retire before 60 and since life expectancies continue to grow , the cost could easily reach $ 1 million for some employees .
Advertisement
“ A lot of these employers really did not know what they had committed to , ” said John Haslinger , an analyst at the Deloitte accounting firm who is helping several public employers find ways of dealing with their obligations .
The perk is typically a holdover from the days when insurance cost as little as $ 5 a month .
Now it can be as much as $ 1,000 .
“ I ca n’t tell you how surprised many of our clients have been , ” he said .
Taxpayers may be surprised too when asked to pick up the tab for benefits largely unheard of in the private sector .
Analysts at Credit Suisse warn that the cost of continuing to provide these benefits could easily lift the tax rates of governments by 10 % .
Advertisement
One alternative would involve cutting benefits for those already retired .
Many recent retirees have large pensions -- a 30 - year San Diego County employee whose salary is $ 80,000 upon retirement can collect a pension of as much as $ 70,000 a year -- plus generous healthcare benefits .
“ Frankly , they are getting the cake and eating it too , ” said San Diego County Supervisor Dianne Jacob .
Her board recently voted to take the lifetime health benefits away from thousands of employees positioned to receive the biggest pension checks .
The county ’s retirement board , which is controlled by organized labor , has balked at acting on the proposed cuts .
But county officials have warned that if they are n’t made , the supervisors might invoke their authority under the county charter to cut off healthcare to all retirees .
Advertisement
Some government bodies do n’t have the option of booting retirees from their rolls -- regardless of how large their pensions are .
Los Angeles County , which recently disclosed that over the next 30 years its tab will be as much as $ 20 billion , is bound by a state law that restricts it from cutting the benefits of any retiree .
The law , passed in the early 1980s , was the result of a deal between the county and its retirement board .
The board , which controls pension funds , gave the county tens of millions of dollars to help it out of a budget jam in return for the county ’s agreeing to provide retiree health benefits that are at least as good as those received by active employees .
A state law was passed to make the agreement binding .
The laws are murkier elsewhere in the state , but in many places retirees can make the case that their benefits are guaranteed by contract .
“ It is very difficult to take benefits away from people who have earned them , ” said Chip Eady , an attorney at the firm Nixon Peabody who specializes in government retiree benefits .
“ There could be legal issues around such efforts . ”
Advertisement
Californians for Health Care & Retirement Security , a coalition of government employee unions , proposes what sounds like a simple solution .
The problem “ can be resolved by putting money aside now to create a fund to pay for retiree healthcare in the future , ” the group says in its talking points .
Large bills for retiree healthcare “ do not mean there is a crisis ....
They represent what various programs would owe if they had to pay them all at once .
In other words , this is an accounting issue , ” the group says .
Still , the money has to come from somewhere .
Starting a trust fund to pay for future obligations would help , most financial experts say , but that alone wo n’t solve the problem .
The nonpartisan California Health Care Foundation projects that , thanks to skyrocketing healthcare costs , an upcoming surge of retirements and lengthening life spans , the price to governments of continuing to provide coverage at the current rate will increase 15 % a year over the next 15 years .
Even if public employers had many billions to invest -- which they do n’t -- insurance costs will continue to rise much faster than investment earnings , the foundation says .
Advertisement
Case in point : the Peralta Community College District in the Oakland area .
Officials there got a head start on confronting the problem several years ago , after a financial study revealed that retiree healthcare costs were on their way to swallowing up to 14 % of the district ’s budget .
“ We could n’t sustain that and still provide educational services for our students , ” said Thomas Smith , vice chancellor for finance and administration .
But there was no point in investing millions in a trust fund , Smith said , until the district could stop the flow of red ink .
The investment profits would never catch up with the costs , leaving the school system sinking deeper into debt .
So the district ended the promise of private health insurance for Medicare - eligible retirees hired after 2004 .
The insurance covered all the expenses Medicare did n’t -- expenses that would set the average couple back about $ 215,000 over the course of their retirement if paid out of pocket , said a recent report by Fidelity Investments .
Advertisement
Former Assemblyman Keith Richman , a San Fernando Valley Republican whose railing against pension costs has made him the nemesis of government workers statewide , proposes another solution : Push back the retirement age for most government workers to at least 65 .
At that point Medicare would pick up most of their health expenses .
“ There is no reason regular government employees like clerks and accountants should n’t retire at 65 , ” he said .
To Richman , asking taxpayers who ca n’t afford to retire any earlier than that age -- largely because the cost of healthcare would break them financially -- to pick up the tab for government retirees to do so is unconscionable .
His nonprofit California Foundation for Fiscal Responsibility hopes to bring the proposal before voters by next year .
Labor leaders say the answer is universal healthcare .
Richman ’s proposal , they say , is mean - spirited and overzealous .
Advertisement
Dave Low , a union lobbyist and member of a commission set up by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , had some words for a Richman ally who proposed the idea at a March hearing .
“ My sister just retired , ” he said .
“ She ’s a teacher .
She ’s 58 .
She worked in the classroom for 36 years .
She has cancer .
She ’s going through her fourth bout of chemotherapy .
She probably is not going to live to see 65 ....
And so she basically would be going now without healthcare . ”
evan.halper@latimes.com
We ’re used to garbled voices .
As we make more calls on cellular phones , phrases like “ can you hear me now ? ” , “ sorry , what did you say ? ” , and “ are you still there ? ” wedge themselves into more of our conversations .
The convenience of cell phones makes them a popular alternative to home phones , but often at the price of voice quality .
Bad reception is not just a problem for sparsely populated mountain towns - even residents of New York City , with the highest density of cell phone towers in America , often struggle for signal .
Simply having lots of cell phone towers in the area is n’t enough to provide uniform and reliable coverage , especially indoors .
“ Manhattan is such a challenging environment to work with , ” said Mike Haberman , Verizon Wireless ’ executive director of network for the New York metro region .
Rob Fleissner of Cingular Wireless agreed , saying that New York ’s famous skyscrapers create “ urban canyons ” that force engineers to consider the network in three - dimensions .
Engineers from each of the major wireless providers quickly point out that outdoor reception in the city is generally excellent .
This revelation provides little consolation , however , since many of us spend most of our day indoors working or at home – the places we want our cell phones to work the most .
The problem with using a cell phone indoors is that the signals coming from an antenna a few blocks away have to travel through various building materials before they reach your phone .
Verizon ’s Haberman said that building materials alone can cause between 10 and 30 dBm of signal loss –the equivalent of 90 to 99.9 % of the originial signal , or up to four bars of reception , depending on the phone .
Concrete or brick walls are the biggest culprit .
“ It ’s really the structure itself - thick concrete is just hard to penetrate , ” said Steven Rice , regional vice president of engineering and network operations for Alltel Wireless .
The concrete absorbs the power of the radio waves as a lampshade absorbs light - the thicker the shade , the dimmer the light .
If the walls are the problem , ca n’t we just turn up the power of the cell - phone towers ?
More power in the first place could make the lost signal insignificant .
If radio stations want more listeners , they can broadcast at higher and higher power .
But a successful cell phone network actually relies on minimizing power .
“ In our environment , more power is not always a good thing , ” said Rice .
While radio only goes one - way , from the tower to your stereo , cell phone towers and phones both send and receive one - half of the conversation .
“ We run much lower power because we have to hear back from the mobile , ” explained Cingular ’s Fleissner .
“ The phone needs to be able to pick out the signal from our cell site . ”
Yelling may be a good way to get someone ’s attention on the other side of a room , but it ’s difficult to hear someone whispering at the same time .
So instead , both towers and phones constantly adjust their broadcast power so they use just enough to keep a connection without interfering with other calls ,
That ’s why the number of bars indicating signal - strength can vary while you stand in one spot .
Your phone tries to keep its power on the sweet spot .
Other factors also contribute to indoor cell phone coverage .
The amount of signal lost through a wall also depends on its frequency .
Cellular signals are legally restricted to two segments of the radio spectrum : 50 MHz ranges near 800 and 1900 MHz .
Just as walls can’t stop the low frequency sound waves of a neighbor ’s thumping bass , low frequency radio waves make it farther through concrete .
All things equal , signals in the 800 MHz band are more likely to make it into your apartment building or office than those near 1900 MHz .
If you ’re curious , you can go here to find out which frequencies the carriers in your area use .
Areas near windows often provide hope for the signal - starved .
While glass windows do n’t absorb radio waves like concrete , they still cause problems .
Windows can reflect signals back to their source , further hampering reception .
Making matters worse , older skyscrapers often have windows that are tinted or mirrored with metal , which make them even more reflective .
In these buildings , “ you may lose a good chunk of the power , ” according to Fleissner .
When these large skyscrapers or businesses have a problem with reception , they often have special systems installed for an individual building .
“ I get almost two requests per day for in - building systems , ” said Verizon Wireless ’ Haberman .
While similar systems for homes are available , their price tag often makes them cost prohibitive .
As consumers expect more and more from their wireless phones , network engineers are under greater pressure to ensure coverage everywhere and at all times .
Until they conquer the great indoors , cell phones will remain frustrating for many of us .
At least we have lots of company .
Related Articles on Scienceline :
Is my cell phone a lightning magnet ?
The Sleeper Hit Feature in Leopard
The Scripting Bridge allows you to automatically build " glue " code to access a scriptable application with standard Objective - C method calls .
The Scripting Bridge uses native Cocoa data types , such as NSString and NSArray , requires far less code than using an NSAppleEventDescriptor , and runs more than twice as fast as a precompiled NSAppleScript .
NSString * currentTrackName = [ [ iTunes currentTrack ] name ] ;
To open up the benefits of the Cocoa frameworks to a wider developer audience , Leopard embraces two other highly dynamic languages for use in building Cocoa applications : Ruby and Python .
The Sleeper Hit Feature in Leopard
Posted Dec 13 , 2006 — 20 comments below Posted Dec 13 , 2006 — 20 comments below
I almost completely forgot about this until Michael McCracken mentioned it , but one of the most significant bits about Leopard for developers ( and aspiring developers ) are the improvements to scripting support .
First off , using AppleScript to communicate with other apps from within Objective - C isbetter .
Here 's what sayeth the article
And here 's what that looks like :
This is very good .
But that 's not even the biggest news .
No need to hold your breath any longer :
The Ruby and Python bridges will be officially supported in Cocoa , including the key - value protocols .
You do n't have to choose just one language for your application .
You can mix and match as necessary .
Good things are afoot .
Online video : Must - free TV
Media experts debate whether ABC 's decision to put hit shows online for free will really shake up the television industry .
NEW YORK ( CNN / Money ) �
Who needs TiVo ?
An executive for Walt Disney 's ( Research ) ABC network said Monday that starting next month , ABC will offer online streams of some of its most popular television shows , including " Desperate Housewives " and " Lost , " for free the day after they first air on broadcast TV .
The online video offering , like regular TV , will include advertisements .
Some analysts said that the move has the potential to dramatically impact the way viewers watch TV and shakeup the industry -- others were n't convinced that there would be much impact at all .
" This is pretty significant .
The most obvious benefit the consumer will see is the ability to watch a show whenever it is convenient .
It takes the TiVo concept and applies it to the Web , " said Phil Leigh , president of Inside Digital Media , a Tampa - based research firm .
But Laura Martin , an analyst with Soleil - Media Metrics who heard the announcement first - hand at a cable industry trade show in Atlanta , said the ABC executive downplayed its significance , calling it an experiment .
Networks want to hold onto the iPod generation
Nonetheless , the move by ABC is a clear indication that major media companies and advertisers realize that the television industry is in flux .
Some say the recent success of CBS ' ( Research ) free March Madness on Demand video streams for games from the NCAA men's college basketball tournament may have served as a wake - up call to the TV industry .
" As CBS recently proved with the live streaming of the NCAA tournament , content is the once and forever king .
So it 's entirely strategic and smart for ABC and other networks to show their best programs on multiple platforms , " said John Rash , senior vice president and director of broadcast negotiations with Campbell Mithun , a Minneapolis - based ad agency owned by Interpublic Group .
Nearly 20 brand - name firms bought ad time for the March Madness on Demand package .
Meanwhile , some advertisers have expressed frustration about buying commercial time on prime time television since the 30 - second ad is n't as effective as it used to be .
In addition , the increased use of TiVo and other digital video recorders to zip past ads has also irritated many marketers .
With that in mind , industry experts said there 's no reason why big - name advertisers wo n't be interested in ABC 's online offerings , especially since ABC is claiming that viewers wo n't be able to fast forward through commercials .
According to reports , several high - profile firms such as AT&T , Ford and Procter & Gamble , have already expressed interest in the ABC service .
" Advertisers obviously want to be where consumers are and if consumers are going to be online the advertisers are going to try and be there as well , " said Noah Elkin , vice president of communications for iCrossing , a search engine marketing firm .
" Video and advertising go together like the proverbial bacon and egg . "
Online ads : Smaller audience but more effective ?
Another reason why the new ABC offering could be attractive to advertisers is that the online streams will feature fewer commercial breaks than the broadcast TV version .
And each break will feature spots by the same advertiser .
Josh Bernoff , an analyst with Forrester Research , said this is key , citing a recent poll of marketers in which they said their biggest problem was not digital video recorders but increased clutter -- the average 30 minute show has about eight minutes of commercials .
So the prospect of getting advertisers to pay for spots during online video streams is likely to be a key point of negotiations during next month 's " upfront " ad buying period � the time when networks will unveil their TV schedule for the fall to advertisers .
" I do n't expect any trouble with advertisers signing up for this .
What likely will happen is that ABC will go to existing advertisers and extend relationships for the online service , " Bernoff said .
Some say it is difficult to figure out how much money advertisers will be willing to pay for online ads .
On the one hand , the audience for broadband video streams of shows like " Desperate Housewives " is likely to be much smaller than the one for standard TV .
But some advertisers may be willing to accept a smaller audience if they know viewers are not being bombarded with other commercials and can't fast forward through ads .
" Those two issues alone make this a pretty big deal for marketers .
Will advertisers pay a premium for better effectiveness ?
You betcha , " said Greg Stuart , president and CEO of the Interactive Advertising Bureau , a trade organization .
The boob tube is changing but TV is n't dead yet
ABC 's online announcement is the latest in a series of moves made by Disney to embrace alternate forms of distribution .
The company was the first major media company to start selling video downloads through Apple 's ( Research ) popular iTunes store .
But other networks have also been experimenting .
In addition to the March Madness on Demand offering , CBS sells some of its top shows through the video store of online search engine Google ( Research ) .
General Electric 's ( Research ) NBC has also sold shows through iTunes and has a video - on - demand agreement with cable company Comcast .
And News Corp.'s ( Research )
Fox has experimented with mini-episodes for cell phones as well as a VOD service with DirecTV .
" Each of the major networks are incrementally upping the ante .
Everyone is trying to make sure they are driving viewer growth faster than their competitors , " said Brian Wieser , vice president and director of industry analysis with MAGNA Global USA , a media buying firm .
He expects the other networks to soon launch free online offerings similar to ABC's .
Still , some experts said that there probably will be room for both free online offerings and a pay - per - download model to exist .
So ABC 's announcement was not viewed as being particularly bad news for Apple .
As for mainstream TV , even though free online video could be a negative for local TV affiliates , who could lose out on ad revenue , as well as cable companies who are trying to boost their own on demand services , one analyst said that it 's premature to claim that the traditional way of watching TV is dead yet .
" I do n't think the quality of video over the Internet comes remotely close to what you can get on a TV in a high - definition format , " said Shari Anne Brill , vice president and director of programming with Carat USA , a media buying firm .
" But it 's smart for the networks to do all this testing to see what consumers will ultimately embrace . "
--------------------------------
For more about CBS CEO Les Moonves , click here .
Does old media love the Web too much ?
Click here .
Analysts quoted in this story do not own shares of the companies mentioned and their firms have no investment banking ties to the companies .
Sources : August terror plot is a ' fiction ' underscoring police failures Nafeez Ahmed
Published : Monday September 18 , 2006 Print This Email This British Army expert casts doubt on ' liquid explosives ' threat , Al Qaeda network in UK Identified Lieutenant - Colonel ( ret. )
Nigel Wylde , a former senior British Army Intelligence Officer , has suggested that the police and government story about the " terror plot " revealed on 10th August was part of a " pattern of lies and deceit . "
British and American government officials have described the operation which resulting in the arrest of 24 mostly British Muslim suspects , as a resounding success .
Thirteen of the suspects have been charged , and two released without charges .
According to security sources , the terror suspects were planning to board up to ten civilian airliners and detonate highly volatile liquid explosives on the planes in a spectacular terrorist operation .
The liquid explosives -- either TATP ( Triacetone Triperoxide ) , DADP ( diacetone diperoxide ) or the less sensitive HMTD ( hexamethylene triperoxide diamine ) -- were reportedly to be made on board the planes by mixing sports drinks with a peroxide - based household gel and then be detonated using an MP3 player or mobile phone .
But Lt. Col. Wylde , who was awarded the Queen 's Gallantry Medal for his command of the Belfast Explosive Ordnance Disposal Unit in 1974 , described this scenario as a " fiction . "
Creating liquid explosives is a " highly dangerous and sophisticated task , " he states , one that requires not only significant chemical expertise but also appropriate equipment .
Terror plot scenario " untenable "
" The idea that these people could sit in the plane toilet and simply mix together these normal household fluids to create a high explosive capable of blowing up the entire aircraft is untenable , " said Lt. Col .
Wylde , who was trained as an ammunition technical officer responsible for terrorist bomb disposal at the Royal Army Ordnance Corps in Sandhurst .
After working as a bomb defuser in Northern Ireland , Lt. Col .
Wylde became a senior officer in British Army Intelligence in 1977 .
During the Cold War , he collected intelligence as part of an undercover East German " liaison unit , " then went on to work in the Ministry of Defense to review its communications systems .
" So who came up with the idea that a bomb could be made on board ?
Not Al Qaeda for sure .
It would not work .
Bin Laden is interested in success not deterrence by failure , " Wylde stated .
" This story has been blown out of all proportion .
The liquids would need to be carefully distilled at freezing temperatures to extract the required chemicals , which are very difficult to obtain in the purities needed . "
Once the fluids have been extracted , the process of mixing them produces significant amounts of heat and vile fumes .
" The resulting liquid then needs some hours at room temperature for the white crystals that are the explosive to develop . "
The whole process , which can take between 12 and 36 hours , is " very dangerous , even in a lab , and can lead to premature detonation , " said Lt. Col.
Wylde .
If there was a conspiracy , he added , " it did not involve manufacturing the explosives in the loo , " as this simply " could not have worked . "
The process would be quickly and easily detected .
The fumes of the chemicals in the toilet " would be smelt by anybody in the area . "
They would also inevitably " cause the alarms in the toilet and in the air change system in the aircraft to be triggered .
The pilot has the ability to dump all the air from an aircraft as a fire - fighting measure , leaving people to use oxygen masks .
All this means the planned attack would be detected long before the queues outside the loo had grown to enormous lengths . "
Government silent on detonators
Even if it was possible for the explosive to have been made on the aircraft , a detonator , probably made from TATP , would be needed to set it off .
" It is very dangerous and risky to the individual , " Wylde said .
" As the quantity involved would be small this would injure the would - be suicide bomber but not endanger the aircraft , thus defeating the object of bringing down an aircraft . "
Despite the implausibility of this scenario , it has been used to justify wide - ranging new security measures that threaten to permanently curtail civil liberties and to suspend sections of the United Kingdom 's Human Rights Act of 1998 .
" Why were the public delicately informed of an alleged conspiracy which the authorities knew , or should have known , could not have worked ? " asked Lt. Col. Wylde .
" This is not a new problem , " he added , noting that ' shoe - bomber ' Richard Reid had attempted to use this type of explosive on a plane in December 2001 .
" If this threat is real , what has been done to develop explosive test kits capable of detecting peroxide based explosives ? " asked Wylde .
" These are the real issues about protecting the public that have not been publicised .
Instead we are going to get demands for more internment without trial . "
Lt. Col .
Wylde also raised questions about the criminal investigation into the 7th July terrorist attacks in London last year .
He noted that police and government sources have maintained " total silence " about the detonation devices used in the bombs on the London Underground and the bus at Tavistock Square .
" Whatever the nature of the primary explosive materials , even if it was home - made TATP , the detonator that must be used to trigger an explosion is an extremely dangerous device to make , requiring a high level of expertise that cannot be simply self - taught or picked - up over the internet , " Wylde stated .
The government 's silence on the detonation device used in the attacks is " disturbing , " he said , as the creation of the devices requires the involvement of trained explosives experts .
Wylde speculated that such individuals would have to be present either inside the country or outside , perhaps in Eastern Europe , where they would be active participants in an international supply - chain to UK operatives .
" In either case , we are talking about something far more dangerous than home - grown radicals here . "
Spy slams police inaction against terrorists
Wylde 's concerns are echoed by others familiar with British terrorism - related intelligence operations , such as Glen Jenvey , who is profiled in the bestselling book , The Terror Tracker , by terrorism investigator Neil Doyle .
Jenvey worked for several military attaches monitoring terrorist groups in London and obtained crucial video and surveillance evidence used by British police to arrest radical cleric Abu Hamza al - Masri , who was convicted last February .
" I 've been closely monitoring the internet communications of extremist Muslim groups inside the UK both before and after 7/7 , and they are intimately interconnected , " said Jenvey , who is affiliated with the London - based terror watch group VIGIL .
" We 've identified a coordinated leadership of at least 20 and up to 60 people , extremist preachers with blatant international al - Qaeda terrorist connections . "
Jenvey noted that even though they are known to the authorities and are monitored while breaking the law with impunity , particularly in their private sermons , the police have failed to take appropriate action against them .
" The police do n't need to round up and detain thousands of British Muslims .
If they only arrested , charged and prosecuted these 20 key terrorist leaders , they will have a struck a fatal blow against the epicentres of al - Qaeda extremism in the UK .
But they 're sitting on this . "
Jenvey points to Omar Bakri Mohammed , a colleague of convicted terrorist Abu Hamza who headed the now - banned Islamist group al - Muhajiroun in the United Kingdom .
Despite being exiled to Lebanon , Omar Bakri continues to communicate with UK - based extremist groups which are believed to be successors of al - Muhajiroun operating under new names , including the Saved Sect and al - Ghurabaa .
British security sources have confirmed that the 7/7 bombers were associates of Omar Bakri 's network , and Bakri himself publicly boasted a year before the London bombings that an al - Qaeda cell in London was planning a terrorist strike .
An investigation by the counterterrorism unit in the New York Police Department found that Bakri's al - Muhajiroun had formed 81 front groups and support networks in six countries , most of them based in London , the home counties bordering London , the Midlands , Lancashire and West Yorkshire .
By the time Home Secretary Dr. John Reid moved in July to proscribe the latest incarnation of al - Muhajiroun , al - Ghurabaa , this sprawling interconnected network was fully functioning and continues to operate namelessly , despite proscription .
Bakri's network has recently adopted the name " Al Sabiqoon Al - Awwaloon " .
Jenvey complains that , despite the arrest in early September of radical cleric Abu Abdullah , convicted terrorist Abu Hamza 's successor at the Finsbury Park Mosque , a " hardcore group of 20 or more extremists operating around Omar Bakri " remains at large .
" The police have every reason to act , and they know who these people are .
Their failure to do so has only exacerbated unjustified demonization of Muslims .
These extremists are not Muslims in any meaningful sense , they are simply terrorists obsessed with violence . "
MI5 , MI6 recruiting extremists ?
Even the arrest of Abu Abdullah only occurred after his support for terrorism was widely reported in the British and American media in late August .
On 23rd August , he justified the killing of Westerners and told CNN correspondent Dan Rivers that Tony Blair is a " legitimate target " of jihad .
The Sunday Times remarked that he " is apparently being allowed to operate unchecked by the authorities five months after a law was passed making it a criminal offence to glorify terrorism . "
Torture may have been used to extract evidence for the weekend police raids which resulted in the arrest of 14 British Muslims , including Abdullah .
Sources confirm that information came from detainees at Camp X - Ray in Guantanamo , where interrogation techniques classified as torture under international law are routinely used .
The reluctance to take decisive action against the leadership of the extremist network in the UK has a long history .
According to John Loftus , a former Justice Department prosecutor , Omar Bakri and Abu Hamza , as well as the suspected mastermind of the London bombings Haroon Aswat , were all recruited by MI6 in the mid-1990s to draft up British Muslims to fight in Kosovo .
American and French security sources corroborate the revelation .
The MI6 connection raises questions about Bakri 's relationship with British authorities today .
Exiled to Lebanon and outside British jurisdiction , he is effectively immune to prosecution .
Other London - based radical clerics with terrorist connections also had a relationship to the security services .
Abu Qatada , described as al - Qaeda 's European ambassador , was , according to French sources a long - time MI5 informant .
Pakistani government insiders similarly believe that Ahmed Omar Sheikh Saeed , the British al - Qaeda finance chief from Forest Gate , not only worked with the ISI , Pakistani 's military intelligence service , but was also recruited by the CIA as an informant .
Saeed , who reportedly wired several hundred thousand dollars to alleged chief 9/11 hijacker Mohamed Atta , is currently in Pakistani custody for the murder of Wall Street Journal journalist Daniel Pearl .
Omar Bakri regularly uses the internet to communicate from Lebanon with his followers in Britain .
On Sunday evening , 3rd September , Omar Bakri told participants in an online chat forum that he had been pulled in by the Lebanese authorities at the request of the US and British governments and questioned in relation to the " terror plot " .
Although he denied involvement in the plot , he claimed that some of the 24 British Muslim suspects were known to him .
When asked to confirm or deny whether Bakri had indeed been arrested at the request of the British , the Foreign Office had no comment .
Bakri said that he was regularly questioned by Lebanese officials on behalf of the British government .
The official reluctance to act against Bakri and his active associates in the UK does not match the government 's willingness to act pre-emptively to foil a plot of doubtful reality .
Official reluctance to acknowledge the significance of the detonators used in the 7/7 terrorist operation suggests that the threat is far more sophisticated than authorities have admitted , and that emphasis on home - grown amateurs is mistaken .
Lt. Col .
Wylde 's observations would seem to indicate that the terror - threat narrative is being manipulated for reasons of political expediency .
# Acknowledgements :
Thanks to Graham Ennis , Nigel Wylde and Glen Jenvey for their research assistance and contribution to this story .
They bear no responsibility for any errors therein .
An abridged version of this story will be printed in The Muslim News , UK on 29th September 2006 .
Nafeez Mosaddeq
Ahmed is the author of The London Bombings : An Independent Inquiry ( Duckworth , £ 9:99 ) and The War on Truth : 9/11 , Disinformation and the Anatomy of Terrorism ( Arris , £ 12:99 ) .
He testified in the US Congress about his research on international terrorism in July 2005 .
He teaches International Relations at the University of Sussex , Brighton .
But the thing that inadvertently plays into the anti war plans was the poor stagecraft of having a 100 man contingent bristling with armaments and combat helicopter cover cover a " stroll " and act like it was a day in Central Park .
So the public ’s exhaustion with the Iraq war is not stopping the Republicans from lying .
It ’s just making to harder for people to swallow the lies .
Putting on body armor , Representative Pence 's iditiotic statement that this was a day like in Indiana in the park just sets in the consumers mind as a reminder that the more bullshit you smell , the more bullshit there is .
The facts on the ground in Iraq on that very day belie the disaster Iraq has become .
You have to wonder why anyone tries to lie to the public about how bad it is .
After 6 years of Karl Rove this was totally amateur hour .
... the civilian death toll rose 15 percent from February to March .
Mosul , which was supposedly secured in 2003 by the current American commander in Iraq , Gen. David Petraeus , is now a safe haven for terrorists , according to an Iraqi government spokesman .
The once - pacified Tal Afar , which Mr. Bush declared " a free city that gives reason for hope for a free Iraq " in 2006 , is a cauldron of bloodshed .
McCain made clear to everyone but the most willfully blind , that even a press conference can barely be staged anymore because the violence is so rampant .
This is what we have wrought .
Michelle Malkin can go put on her helmet and spit her bigotry while she jets over to Baghdad all she wants .
Folks there ARE NO good news tours through Iraq .
And if you believe it really is OK over there then there is no help for you .
But the rest of us , the vast majority of Americans see McCain ’s Dukakis in a tank moment as the proof that not only is he increasingly out of touch with the public , it demonstrates how the American public is really in touch with the reality over there .
That they can't be fooled anymore .
The center will not hold , no matter what happens in the Washington standoff over war funding .
Surely no one understands better than Mr. McCain that American lives are being wasted in the war ’s escalation .
That is what he said on David Letterman ’s show in an unguarded moment some five weeks ago — though he recanted the word wasted after taking flak the morning after .
Like his Letterman gaffe , Mr. McCain ’s ludicrous market stunt was at least in the tradition of his old brand of straight talk , in that it revealed the truth , however unintentionally .
But many more have watched the constantly recycled and ridiculed spectacle of his " safe " walk in Baghdad than heard him on a late - night talk show .
This incident has the staying power of the Howard Dean scream .
Should it speed America ’s disengagement from Iraq , what looks today like John McCain ’s farcical act of political suicide may some day loom large as a patriot ’s final act of sacrifice for his country .
This war is over except for the retreating .
And that ’s what ’s left .
A big fat retreat where we somehow get our tanks and armored vehicles back , where we show the public the vast permanent bases we built and hid from he public , and where we stop torturing and detaining people , and where we look ourselves in the faces and look at the blood on the streets , and we know what we have done .
And then start the long slow process of healing .
That 's what 's left .
Link here : http://select.nytimes.com/...
' Brain ' in a dish flies flight simulator
( CNN ) -- A Florida scientist has developed a " brain " in a glass dish that is capable of flying a virtual fighter plane and could enhance medical understanding of neural disorders such as epilepsy .
The " living computer " was grown from 25,000 neurons extracted from a rat 's brain and arranged over a grid of 60 electrodes in a Petri dish .
The brain cells then started to reconnect themselves , forming microscopic interconnections , said Thomas DeMarse , professor of biomedical engineering at the University of Florida .
" It 's essentially a dish with 60 electrodes arranged in a dish at the bottom , " explained DeMarse , who designed the study .
" Over that we put the living cortical neurons from rats , which rapidly begin to reconnect themselves , forming a living neural network -- a brain . "
Although such living networks could one day be used to fly unmanned aircraft , DeMarse said the study was of more immediate relevance as an experimental aid to understanding how the human brain performs and learns computational tasks at a cellular level .
" We 're interested in studying how brains compute , " said DeMarse .
" If you think about your brain , and learning and the memory process , I can ask you questions about when you were five - years - old and you can retrieve information .
That 's a tremendous capacity for memory .
In fact , you perform fairly simple tasks that you would think a computer would easily be able to accomplish , but in fact it can't . "
Although computers can perform certain tasks extremely quickly , they lack the flexibility and adaptability of the human brain and perform particularly poorly at pattern recognition tasks .
" If we extract the rules of how these neural networks are doing computations like pattern recognition we can apply that to create novel computing systems , " said DeMarse .
" There 's a lot of data out there that will tell you that the computation that 's going on here is n't based on just one neuron .
The computational property is actually an emergent property of hundreds of thousands of neurons cooperating to produce the amazing processing power of the brain . "
As well as enhancing scientific knowledge of how the brain works , the neurons may provide clues to brain dysfunction .
For example , an epileptic seizure is triggered when all the neurons in the brain fire simultaneously -- a pattern commonly replicated by a neural network in a dish .
When linked up to an F - 22 jet flight simulator , the brain and the simulator established a two - way connection similar to how neurons receive and interpret signals from each other to control our bodies .
Gradually the brain learnt to control the flight of the plane based on the information it received about flight conditions .
However , the brain still falls a long way short of the complexity of the human brain , which has billions of neurons , and Steven Potter , a biomedical engineer at the Georgia Institute of Technology , said a brain in a dish flying a real plane was still a long way off .
" A lot of people have been interested in what changes in the brains of animals and people when they are learning things , " said Potter , DeMarse 's former supervisor .
" We 're interested in getting down into the network and cellular mechanisms , which is hard to do in living animals .
And the engineering goal would be to get ideas from this system about how brains compute and process information . "
When we say that something tastes nice , what we are talking about has more to do with smell than with taste .
It is estimated that 20 % of a tasting experience comes from taste , that is from the tongue , whereas 80 % comes from the smell or the aroma .
Our tongue has about 9000 taste buds that are capable of detecting sweet , salt , sour and bitter ( in order of increasing sensitivity ) .
In comparison , we have around 5 - 10 million cells or receptors capable of detecting smell .
There are about 1000 different smell receptors and they allow us to distinguish more than 10.000 different smells !
This is possible because a specific volatile molecule can trigger more than one receptor .
It is the combined response from these receptors that we perceive as a certain smell .
The Nobel Prize in medicine for 2004 was awarded to Linda Buck and Richard Axel for their “ discoveries of odorant receptors and the organization of the olfactory system ” .
Based on the fact that aroma of foods is so important for the way we perceive them , a hypothesis can be put forward : if the major volatile molecules of to foods are the same , they might taste ( and smell ) nice when eaten together .
The concept was first appreciated by Firmenich scientist Franí§ois Benzi .
At one the first International workshops on molecular gastronomy in Erice , he got the idea that jasmin and pork liver which both contain indole could possibly work well together .
And they did !
Photo credits : Jasmine flowers by Kpjas .
Pig by The Pug Father .
Experimenting with salty ingredients and chocolate , Heston Blumenthal discovered that caviar and white chocolate are a perfect match .
Franí§ois Benzi found that caviar and white chocolate had several amines in common .
Since then , Heston Blumenthal has searched a commercial database with information on the contents of more than 7000 volatile molecules in several hundred different foods .
Based on this , he has come up with a number of unusual combinations ( from egullet.org and other sources ) .
Some of the combinations are also from Herve This .
The links are to Heston Blumenthal ’s own recipes .
Pairings that possibly / probably have a molecular basis :
Chocolate and caraway ( or : sauerkraut , aquavit etc. )
Chocolate and sage
Chocolate and tobacco
Chocolate , peanut and merlot vinegar
Chocolate and red wine
Mint and mustard
Parsnip , pear and vanilla
Minced meat and caramel
Orange and butternut squash
Apple and lavender
Onions , cinnamon , olives and caramel
Cocoa and mushrooms
Stilton and rhubarb
Chantarelle and apricot
Hazelnut and nutmeg
Honey / caramel and truffles
Sweet white wine and pea shoots
Cranberries and pistachio
Semolina pudding and red curry
Parmesan mousse
Olives , dried figs and brie
Onion , garlic and coffee
Chestnuts and praline
Tomato and strawberry
Aspargus and violet
Potato , coffee and capers
The flavour pairing principle can also be used for substitutions :
Basil ( containing linalool , estagol and eugenol ) can be substituted by a combination of coriander ( linalool ) , estragol ( tarragon , chervil or star anise ) and cloves ( eugenol )
Try to use coffee in stead of stock for gravies
Strawberries and tomatoes appear to be interchangeable
To explore flavour pairings like the ones I ’ve described on this page , I have initiated a monthly food blogging event ,
They go really well together ( TGRWT ) , and a summary with links to previous announcements and round - ups has been posted .
You also check out my blogposts tagged TGRWT and / or posted in the flavor pairing category .
Databases which can be of interest for investigation of further flavour pairings :
Caramelized cauliflower and cocoa taste excellent when eaten together .
It is fascinating how well the aroma of the two go together , and if I smell roasted cauliflower now , the smell actually reminds me of cocoa !
Here ’s how to make it :
Caramelized cauliflower and chocolate jelly
cauliflower
olive oil
salt
cocoa powder
water
sugar
agar
Cut cauliflower in 1 cm slices .
Spread them on aluminum foil .
Sprinkle with olive oil and salt .
Bake in oven at 200 °C for approx .
30 min ( turning the slices after 15 min ) .
For the jelly , bring 1 dL of water to the boiling point .
Add 1 ts of agar - agar , 1 ts of sugar and 1 TS of cocoa powder .
Mix well , pour into a suitably sized container and leave to set .
Cut jelly into pieces and serve together with caramelized cauliflower .
Other examples I have tasted include white chocolate / caviar , strawberry / coriander leafs , pineapple / blue cheese and banana / parsley ( see picture below ) .
They all go surprisingly well together , and I guess the challenge for the cooks is to find a suitable way of presenting these dishes .
You can read about other bloggers attempts at this in the many TGRWT posts .
White chocolate / caviar ( top left ) , strawberry / coriander leafs ( or seeds ) , pineapple / blue cheese and banana / parsley
Spring is coming and that means that soon the farmer ’s markets in my area will be kicking into high gear again .
Let ’s make it clear – farmer ’s markets are the place to go for inexpensive and fresh produce .
If you ’re not familiar with a farmer ’s market , it is a place where local farmers , gardeners , food producers , and other home manufacturers can sell their wares directly to the public .
The benefits are numerous : very good prices compared to the supermarket ( because there ’s no middleman ) , extremely fresh food ( often organic ) , and often some interesting and eccentric items as well .
If you have a farmer ’s market available to you , it ’s usually well worth the time to stop by at least once and see what ’s available .
That being said , there are a few things you should know and a few techniques you can follow in order to maximize the farmer ’s market experience .
Here are ten tips for maximizing your farmer ’s market experience , especially if you ’ve never gone before .
Go early .
This gets you the best selection .
You might get slightly better prices going late , but the food will be heavily picked over and some of the interesting / best stuff will already be gone .
Bring cash .
Farmer ’s markets are n’t supermarkets ; it ’s a cash economy there .
Be sure to put some money in your pocket before you go or else you ’ll be going home empty handed .
Bring a sturdy cloth bag .
This is the best way of carrying things you buy as you move from vendor to vendor at the market .
If you do n’t have one , you can take a plastic bag , but a sturdy cloth one fits in much better with the farmer ’s market aesthetic ( environmental soundness and the like ) .
Do n’t plan your buying ahead of time .
Usually , I advocate a shopping list ; not here .
A farmer ’s market is a place where the selection is unusual and varies greatly from week to week .
You should go there looking for interesting fresh foods to base meals around , not supplies for preparing those meals .
Go there and buy what looks tasty ; you can get the supplemental things you need later .
Bring the family .
Farmer ’s markets are very entertaining places , much more worthwhile than the sterile environment of the supermarket .
Pack up the kids before you go ; they wo n’t get bored with the variety of things going on here .
Check your expectations at the door .
I ’ve never been to a farmer ’s market that was utterly predictable .
Do n’t go in with expectations – let the experience guide you .
Talk to the vendors .
This is especially true if you ’re new .
Ask any question you might have .
Unlike the supermarket , most of the people at the farmer ’s market are there because they love what they ’re selling , so they ’re usually quite happy to answer anything you want to know .
Ask for samples .
If you come across something unusual and you ’re unfamiliar with it , ask for a sample .
Without this , I would have never discovered one of my favorite foods , soft mozzarella cheese prepared from goat ’s milk .
When I first tasted it , I immediately bought quite a bit of it and I loved every bite .
I would have never even seen such a thing at the supermarket , and I certainly would have never tried it or bought it without the farmer ’s market experience .
Process things as soon as you get home .
This food is n’t coated in preservatives like the “ fresh ” produce at the store is .
When you get home , decide what you ’re going to eat in the next twenty four hours and freeze the rest .
Do n’t let it sit out for days like you might do with store - bought foods .
Go regularly .
Do n’t sweat it if some of the items you buy the first time are n’t stellar .
Keep visiting and you ’ll eventually figure out what you should be buying – and which vendors sell the best produce .
For example , there are at least a dozen tomato sellers at my local market .
The majority of them are good , but one … well , she must sprinkle something magical in her garden because her tomatoes are mind - bendingly good .
A farmer ’s market is a frugal person ’s paradise , particularly those who value fresh and environmentally sound products .
Find out when and where your local farmer ’s market is and give it a try .
Physicists at the California Institute of Technology have succeeded for the first time in the distribution of " entanglement " in a way that could lead to long - distance quantum communications , scalable quantum networks , and even a quantum internet .
In the April 5 online publication Science Express , Caltech Valentine Professor of Physics H. Jeff Kimble and his colleagues report that they have devised a crucial building - block of a " quantum repeater . "
The team has demonstrated a way to create a segment of a channel that can distribute quantum entanglement over distances .
The division into segments and storage of entanglement in material systems is necessary for long - distance quantum communications to take place .
" This work provides a first primitive version of a quantum repeater segment , " says Julien Laurat , a postdoctoral scholar in physics and one of the authors of the paper .
" It opens an avenue for further investigations into this promising and new quest of large - scale networks where the currency of the realm is no longer classical information but rather quantum information . "
Entanglement , one of the most striking features of quantum mechanics , leads to strong correlations between the various components of a physical system , regardless of the distance separating them .
Entanglement 's distribution enables quantum protocols , such as quantum cryptography where the security is guaranteed by the law of physics or quantum teleportation where a quantum state is faithfully transferred from one place to another .
" Physicists for some time have understood that the entanglement of quantum states could be exploited for various advances that are impossible with devices that operate according to the laws of classical physics , " says Chin - Wen Chou , a former doctoral student of Kimble 's and the lead author of the paper .
However , entanglement as a resource is fragile , and achieving such protocols over very long - distance is a challenge for quantum physicists .
To achieve in a reasonable time long - distance quantum communications , namely the distribution of entanglement over such a distance , the channel has to be divided into many segments and entanglement generated and stored into material systems before connecting all them together .
The Caltech group achievement is demonstrating an initial version of one of these segments .
The experiment involves two quantum nodes separated by 3 meters , each formed by two atomic ensembles separated by 1 mm .
The ensembles are clouds of about 100,000 cooled cesium atoms .
With real - time control of the quantum states , entanglement is generated , stored into the atoms , which play the role of a quantum memory , and finally converted to photons on demand .
This entanglement is stored in a heralded way , a critical requirement for scalability .
In addition , the released entanglement is a so - called " polarization entanglement , " an appropriate form for quantum communication applications .
" We demonstrated the capability to distribute entanglement between two locations in a form suitable both for quantum network architectures and for entanglement - based quantum communication schemes , " says Kimble .
" The import of our experiment goes well beyond quantum communication protocols , " Laurat explains .
" It incorporates many complex procedures , confirming the more and more efficient control we can have in our labs to address in a coherent way the quantum states of atoms and light , and their interface . "
The new work reported by Chou , Laurat , Kimble , and their coworkers is a significant leap towards quantum networking .
However , the researchers also emphasize that " the extension of their work to longer chains involving many segments becomes more complicated , and still out of reach of any current system .
A fully functional quantum repeater is still a challenging task , and its future achievement will be rich in fruitful discoveries . "
This demonstration builds upon previous advances in the Caltech Quantum Optics Group in recent years , including the first demonstration of unconditional quantum teleportation and the initial demonstration of entanglement between two remote atomic ensembles , a crucial ingredient for the breakthrough reported here .
The title of the paper is " Functional Quantum Nodes for Entanglement Distribution over Scalable Quantum Networks . "
It is available on the Science Express website .
The other authors are Hui Deng , a postdoctoral scholar in physics ; Kyung Soo Choi , a graduate student , and Hugues de Riedmatten and Daniel Felinto , both previous postdoctoral scholars at Caltech .
Source : California Institute of Technology
Explore further CERN meets quantum technology
New Albums
Latest Updates on eLyrics
Alibi - Geographer
lyrics addition - by itunes3
[ Verse 1 ]
We got a love so easy Like water flowin ' over stones
We 'll be each other 's company Until we both get old Some days can be harder But we find ... [ Verse 1 ]
We got a love so easy Like water flowin ' over stones
We 'll be each other 's company Until we both get old Some days can be harder But we find ...
Shortkut - Mr. Oizo
lyrics addition - by gsba3
[ Intro ] Incidents in flight Part 1 Phraseology check Tech - technical incidents [ Instrumental ] [ Outro ] Um ...
It must be an almost unique accident Yeah , it ... [ Intro ]
Incidents in flight Part 1 Phraseology check Tech - technical incidents [ Instrumental ] [ Outro ] Um ...
It must be an almost unique accident Yeah , it ...
Backseat - Kid Trunks
lyrics addition - by gsba1
Yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah That moment you chose it I wish it'd last forever , but no The fun will stay here but it wo n't be for long I never knew my mind woul ...
Yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah
That moment you chose it I wish it'd last forever , but no The fun will stay here but it wo n't be for long I never knew my mind woul ...
Maybe Next Week - Sun Cut Flat
lyrics addition - by itunes3
I 'm sitting around Do n't know what is up and what 's down I do n't care Even though it 's a game
You still try so I gotta maintain Always there So what if it '...
I 'm sitting around Do n't know what is up and what 's down I do n't care Even though it 's a game
You still try so I gotta maintain Always there So what if it '...
Maior - Dani Black
lyrics addition - by itunes3
[ Intro : Milton Nascimento ]
Eu sou maior do que era antes Estou melhor do que era ontem
Eu sou filho do mistério e do silêncio Somente o tempo vai me revelar quem ...
[ Intro : Milton Nascimento ]
Eu sou maior do que era antes Estou melhor do que era ontem
Eu sou filho do mistério e do silêncio Somente o tempo vai me revelar quem ...
Forevermore - Lord Of The Lost
lyrics addition - by itunes3
[ Intro ] [ Verse 1 ]
We left so many lifes behind
That grow like shadows in the past
We hoped for many flames
But saw them turn to ash We 've been born so many tim ... [ Intro ] [ Verse 1 ]
We left so many lifes behind
That grow like shadows in the past
We hoped for many flames
But saw them turn to ash We 've been born so many tim ...
Kansas City Shuffle - Bumble Beezy
lyrics addition - by itunes3
[ Текст песн и Kansas City Shuffle ] [ Интро ]
Смотрят направо , я иду налев о
Все смотрят направо , я иду налев о А что ?
Все смотрят направо , я иду налев о Смотрят направо , ... [ Текст песн и Kansas City Shuffle ] [ Интро ]
Смотрят направо , я иду налев о
Все смотрят направо , я иду налев о А что ?
Все смотрят направо , я иду налево Смотрят направо , ...
Transcendence - Samael
lyrics addition - by itunes3
Same floor , same dance Same fight , same quest Just the ghosts are different Reflect , reject Accept , connect Surfin ' on life destiny Taking all for what it can ...
Same floor , same dance Same fight , same quest Just the ghosts are different Reflect , reject Accept , connect Surfin ' on life destiny Taking all for what it can ...
DAWN ( feat .
Totally Enormous Extinct Dinosaurs ) - Bronson
lyrics addition - by itunes3
[ Verse 1 ]
Take a step forward Lost in a darkness
Trust yourself , let go And breathe in a lush air Take a step forward Lost in a darkness
Trust yourself , let g... [ Verse 1 ]
Take a step forward Lost in a darkness
Trust yourself , let go And breathe in a lush air Take a step forward Lost in a darkness
Trust yourself , let g ...
Wake Up Sleepy Head - Purson
lyrics addition - by itunes3
Wake up sleepy head Can you feel the water lapping at your bed ?
Well it 's no good hiding in your room
The headaches hurt there too
And the walls are closing soon ...
Wake up sleepy head Can you feel the water lapping at your bed ?
Well it 's no good hiding in your room
The headaches hurt there too
And the walls are closing soon ...
I Guess That Makes Two - Samsaruh
lyrics addition - by itunes3
Would you clap your hands for me
In a room full of people with no noise Would you do a dance for me
In a world full of people with no voice Are you afraid of me Is i ...
Would you clap your hands for me
In a room full of people with no noise Would you do a dance for me
In a world full of people with no voice
Are you afraid of me Is i ...
Claro Que Si - Faraone
lyrics addition - by itunes3
INTRO Vous qui écoutez ça ...
Vous êtes les maitres du monde
Oh mon Dieu !
COUPLET 1
Tu veux des euros tu te fout de tes notes
Fuck la moyenne pourquoi s'integr ...
INTRO Vous qui écoutez ça ...
Vous êtes les maitres du monde
Oh mon Dieu !
COUPLET 1
Tu veux des euros tu te fout de tes notes
Fuck la moyenne pourquoi s'integr ...
Scheme Artist ( feat .
Caleb Shomo ) - Sylar
lyrics addition - by itunes3
[ Intro ] [ Verse 1 : Jayden Panesso ]
You 'll never be Half the man you claim to be Loud words mean nothing
If you 're not in this for good You 'll never be ... [ Intro ] [ Verse 1 : Jayden Panesso ]
You 'll never be Half the man you claim to be Loud words mean nothing
If you 're not in this for good You 'll never be ...
Sunroof ( feat .
J. Gatez & Ymani Halle ) - Fred E.t .
lyrics addition - by itunes3
[ Verse 1 : Fred E.T. ]
Bring out the pre-rolled My lingo be casino Talkin ' is two dollar , my convo Can rob dinero Veering off further left to the HOV lane I '... [ Verse 1 : Fred E.T. ]
Bring out the pre-rolled My lingo be casino Talkin ' is two dollar , my convo Can rob dinero Veering off further left to the HOV lane I '...
Your Personal Touch - Laura Enea
lyrics addition - by itunes3
Everything that you touch in my life Just turns to gold
It 's just your love tonight
And forever that I want to hold No one never , never loved me , baby
The way y...
Everything that you touch in my life Just turns to gold
It 's just your love tonight
And forever that I want to hold No one never , never loved me , baby The way y...
Loving Guaranteed - Ephemerals
lyrics addition - by itunes3
[ Verse 1 ]
No matter what the distance or buildings between I promise to give you loving guaranteed ' Cause all I know is ( You 'll never let me down ) [ Verse ... [ Verse 1 ]
No matter what the distance or buildings between I promise to give you loving guaranteed ' Cause all I know is ( You 'll never let me down ) [ Verse ...
Psychosis - Jade The Nightmare
lyrics addition - by itunes3
Youre feeding you 're grieve
You 'll never feel relief How can you when you Reap What you sow Blood on these hand Will always will show And I feel no shame S...
Youre feeding you 're grieve
You 'll never feel relief How can you when you Reap What you sow Blood on these hand Will always will show And I feel no shame S...
Big Picture Window - Matthew Barber & Jill Barber
lyrics addition - by itunes3
[ Verse 1 ]
Five years ago I was your bride Bought a little house to live inside Four walls around us a roof in the sky And a big picture window you can watch the worl ... [ Verse 1 ]
Five years ago I was your bride Bought a little house to live inside Four walls around us a roof in the sky And a big picture window you can watch the worl ...
Un Instante - Juan Pena
lyrics addition - by itunes3
Ahora que ha pasado tanto tiempo sin saber de ti , que en mi vida quedan tantos sueños por cumplir .
Ahora que mi pena terminó Ahora que comprendo que no queda nada e...
Ahora que ha pasado tanto tiempo sin saber de ti , que en mi vida quedan tantos sueños por cumplir .
Ahora que mi pena terminó Ahora que comprendo que no queda nada e...
Fall Unto Chaos - Vore
lyrics addition - by itunes3
No reasoning , locked within Inferno skies , blessings begin Limited by the demons Cursed be the throne Beaten into submission
The demons are your own Hear the m ...
No reasoning , locked within Inferno skies , blessings begin Limited by the demons Cursed be the throne Beaten into submission
The demons are your own Hear the m ...
Let 's Be Friends - Jake Sherman
lyrics addition - by itunes3
[ Intro ]
Here we go Hazy on a hot day Water bright
At the shore Sitting with our thoughts but It 's alright And the trees Calm us and connect us Sun peeks ... [ Intro ]
Here we go Hazy on a hot day Water bright
At the shore Sitting with our thoughts but It 's alright And the trees Calm us and connect us Sun peeks ...
Aula De Geografia - Victor Xama
lyrics addition - by itunes3
[ Pré -Refrão ]
Na cidade quente eu trajo preto
Na cidade quente eu trajo preto
Na cidade quente eu trajo preto
Na cidade quente eu trajo preto
Uô , vem , vem ( Vem ) ... [ Pré-Refrão ]
Na cidade quente eu trajo preto
Na cidade quente eu trajo preto
Na cidade quente eu trajo preto
Na cidade quente eu trajo preto
Uô , vem , vem ( Vem ) ...
Nique Les Coms - Hooss
lyrics addition - by itunes3
[ Paroles de " Nique les coms " ] [ Intro ]
Nique ta mère , et puis nique ta mom Nique les clubs , et puis nique les coms Nique les coms , niques les coms et puis nique ...
[ Paroles de " Nique les coms " ]
[ Intro ]
Nique ta mère , et puis nique ta mom Nique les clubs , et puis nique les coms Nique les coms , niques les coms et puis nique ...
Slavedriver - Jenny & Johnny
lyrics addition - by itunes3
[ Verse 1 ]
Slave driver take me home , I need a master I 'll beg for mercy and you 'll whip me faster Some boys want freedom , and they have to wonder I only ne ... [ Verse 1 ]
Slave driver take me home , I need a master I 'll beg for mercy and you 'll whip me faster Some boys want freedom , and they have to wonder I only ne ...
Hope - Marian Call
lyrics addition - by gsba3
I pulled to the edge of the road , I got out , and I walked Hundreds of miles from a stoplight , rolling North Nothing in mind but escaping the fallout so hot Nothin ...
I pulled to the edge of the road , I got out , and I walked Hundreds of miles from a stoplight , rolling North Nothing in mind but escaping the fallout so hot Nothin ...
Tierra - Rag Men
lyrics addition - by itunes3
Death corporations are the infections of her disease Watching her light fade to black , watching her bleed No one cares and no one dares to ever face the truth Blind ...
Death corporations are the infections of her disease Watching her light fade to black , watching her bleed No one cares and no one dares to ever face the truth Blind ...
Instinto De Mujer - Juan Solo
lyrics addition - by itunes3
Falló tu instinto de mujer Desenredé la telaraña
Ya me di cuenta que me engañas
No te molestes en hacerme creer que no Te debo de reconocer que estuve a punto de pe ...
Falló tu instinto de mujer Desenredé la telaraña
Ya me di cuenta que me engañas
No te molestes en hacerme creer que no Te debo de reconocer que estuve a punto de pe ...
Drive - Warhola
lyrics addition - by itunes3
[ Oliver Symons ] [ Verse 1 : ]
Tracking wild life in the lovely field But only at night
Get your eyes on me I know , just ai n't feel
You like me , my style make the ... [ Oliver Symons ] [ Verse 1 : ]
Tracking wild life in the lovely field But only at night
Get your eyes on me I know , just ai n't feel
You like me , my style make the ...
Die Ozeane Sterben - Mia Diekow
lyrics addition - by itunes3
Die Ozeane sterben , sagst du und Kaufst mir 'ne Tüte Popcorn Wir gehen in einen wirklich guten Film Der alles hat um mich weiter unter Die Welle zu drücken Tief ...
Die Ozeane sterben , sagst du und Kaufst mir 'ne Tüte Popcorn Wir gehen in einen wirklich guten Film Der alles hat um mich weiter unter Die Welle zu drücken Tief ...
Watch out , Foleo .
There ’s a Nanobook behind you .
Right behind you .
Via Technologies , best known for chipsets and tiny motherboards , has announced a new reference design for budget ultramobile computers .
" $ 600 , " said Richard Brown , VIA ’s Global Vice President of Marketing .
" We ’re taking that market into the mainstream . "
More details , and photos , after the jump .
Via ’s Nanobook has a 7 " screen , clamshell form factor and a full QWERTY keyboard .
Weighing 850g ( 1.9 lb ) , the reference design offers a 1.2 GHz VIA C7 CPU , the VX - 700 chipset , and up to 1GB of RAM .
Connectivity comes with WiFi , BlueTooth , 2 USB ports , DVI , and a 4 - in - 1 card reader .
The battery will hold out for 4 1/2 hours with Windows XP installed , and somewhat less with Vista .
Check out our gallery of Nanobook photos to see how the prototype looks .
If it sounds all too familiar , let ’s hear that number again : $ 600 .
With features to rival a fully - equipped UMPC , at a price similar to Palm ’s smartphone companion , it ’s hard to believe .
" It ’s real , it ’s manufacturable , it ’s just about ready , " Brown said .
One unusual feature of the Nanobook will be a USB - based modular expansion panel next to the screen .
The aim is to allow the user to hotplug various peripherals , such as WWAN , GPS and VoIP gadgets , so that they wo n’t protrude from the case .
The product announcement comes with this year ’s VIA Technology Forum , the theme of which is " Ultra Mobility , " and which will feature a keynote speech from President and CEO Wenchi Chen on the selfsame subject , followed by another from Otto Berkes , a chief architect of Microsoft ’s UMPC spec .
Brown said that a " major customer in Europe " would announce a device using the platform , and a U.S. company would likely do so by the end of June .
Though he would n’t name names , Packard Bell , still a major force in the E.U. , is one of the manufacturers that will be hanging out at the show .
The forum will take place tomorrow , June 6 , in Taipei .
Though already serious about pocketable PCs —
Via technology already powers numerous UMPCs such as the OQO model 02 — the new reference design suggests that the Taiwanese firm now intends to lead rather than follow .
The idea of a pocket - size computer , more akin to a laptop than a PDA , is nothing new .
The UMPC platform masterminded by Microsoft is one example , but battery life is notoriously poor and prices often range far beyond the $ 1,000 mark .
Palm ’s Foleo minimizes the price at the cost of functionality and connectivity .
Microsoft ’s earlier Handheld PC platform still lurks in vertical markets , though the spec has n’t been updated in years .
" It ’s very much a niche segment , " Brown said of the extant models , adding that few consumers have even acquainted themselves with ultramobile computers .
By squeezing more capabilities into a cheaper device , VIA ’s intent is to aim for something that UMPC makers , and now Palm , have taken pains to avoid : being all things to all people .
" I love the OQO , and I use one myself , but it ’s targeted at a certain user base .
This is more mass - market , " Brown said .
" It ’s not a phone companion …
We want to keep the market simple . "
Anyone who is into working on the go , VIA hopes , will have reason to grab its new baby instead of , say , a cheap , low - end laptop .
" More and more people are in to content creation , " Brown said .
" I ’m hoping we ’ve found the killer combination . "
Nothing beats side - by - side comparison , so here ’s a table I threw together that shows the Nanobook ’s features side by side with those of the UMPC and Palm ’s Foleo .
Update : More Info and shots of an OEM machine here .
Engadget confirms Packard Bell and has photos .
Product Page [ VIA ]
But way back at the start of the 90s , people at the edge of the emerging digital culture talked about Virtual Reality ( VR ) — the idea that we would soon interact in shared 3D worlds — as much as , if not more than , they talked about the internet .
( Of course , we were talking about it on the internet , so I guess sometimes you just do n't notice your immediate surroundings . )
These 3D worlds would be accessed through head - mounted displays .
The idea was to put the user literally inside computer - created worlds , where she could move around and see and hear the goings on in a fully dimensional alternative reality and have the sensation of being in another world .
The eyes were the primary organs of entrance into these other worlds , although touch , motion and sound were all also involved .
Life is a timid sampling of what was then envisioned . )
There were dozens of conferences about VR and lots of national media coverage in every major outlet .
There were movies and TV shows that revolved around VR and there was even one arcade game .
But VR quickly disappeared from public consciousness .
Virtual Reality developer Jaron Lanier was generally accepted as the public face of VR during this heady period that lasted from about 1989 - 91 .
This interview was performed in 2002 and I have selected it as an excerpt from my new book , True Mutations : Conversations on the Edge of Technology , Science and Consciousness I first met Jaron Lanier in the mid-1980s .
His work in Virtual Reality was just getting noticed and it was clear to those who knew him that this bright and gentle young man was destined to do great things .
In the late 1980s Lanier 's team at VPL ( Virtual Programming Language ) developed the first implementation of multi-person virtual worlds using head mounted displays .
The work was applied to surgery and television production , among other things .
He also led the team that developed the first widely used software platform architecture for immersive virtual reality applications .
During the late 90s , Lanier served as the Lead Scientist of the National Tele - immersion Initiative , a coalition of research universities studying advanced applications for Internet 2 .
The Initiative demonstrated the first prototypes of tele - immersion in 2000 after a three year development period .
Lanier is also a musician .
He has a remarkable collection of eclectic instruments from all over the world and has worked with Philip Glass , Ornette Coleman , Vernon Reid , George Clinton , and Sean Lennon among others .
Additionally , his paintings and drawings have been exhibited in museums and galleries in the United States and Europe .
While most computer programmers and tech engineers display some degree of interest in art and aesthetics , Lanier is really an artist who happens to work in technology some of the time .
" Videobrain " and I sat with Lanier at a Mexican cafe in Marin and had a fragmented conversation that was frequently interrupted by waiters who wanted to please us , and Lanier 's own incessantly ringing cell phone .
Nevertheless , the conversation proved to be largely coherent .
There was an extraordinary level of hype and excitement about Virtual Reality ( VR ) back in the late eighties and early nineties but it failed to live up to the expectations , presumably for technical reasons .
I saw your The Top Eleven Reasons VR has not yet become commonplace .
But why would you say there was that excited response to VR ?
What were people hoping for from it ?
What desires were raised ?
Well , first of all , I personally think that a lot more could have happened with Virtual Reality than has happened .
I feel that what went wrong with VR was that decent software standard platform did n't happen .
The ones that were most in the forefront like VRML just did n't work well enough .
So to get back to your question : what were people looking for ?
I still believe that what people really want from VR is to be able to touch upon the feeling of being able to share a dream with someone else — to take a little step away from the sense of isolation that people feel today .
I think this is a universal and very healthy desire .
( VR is n't the only way to address it obviously . )
But in VR , at some point , you would be able to be inside this place with other people where you were making it up as you went along .
What people really wanted was a kind of intimacy where you 're making up a dream together with other people .
You 're all experiencing it .
I was calling it post - symbolic communication .
The basic idea is that people thought that with VR they would be able to experience a kind of intense contact with imagination , some sort of fusion of the kind of extremes of aesthetics and emotional experience you might have when you open up the constraints of reality .
You can divide the requirements of the technology that will give you that into two pieces .
You can call one piece the production quality or production standards — how detailed is the resolution ?
How realistic do surfaces look ?
That boils down to fast computers , high quality sensors and displays : the tech underpinnings of it all .
But then there 's this other side ; the software side , which involves how you can get a virtual world to do things .
My feeling is that even a low - res virtual world can get people the kind of experience that I was just describing .
And I think we did have some great moments and great experiences in the ' 80s , even with very low - res systems that were available then .
I think that the failure since then is that the software that 's been developed is very rigid .
There are a couple of reasons for this .
One was that there was a bizarre alliance between people doing military simulation and people doing recreational gaming .
There are a lot of different kinds of games , so I do n't want to put them all under one critical tent here .
I think a lot of them are OK .
But one of the dominant ideas is that a person who is playing is capable of being in the location , moving , shooting , or dying [ laughs ] .
That 's pretty much it .
You might pick up an amulet or something , but it does n't give you a lot to do .
But in fairness , do n't those kinds of simple applications come up because they 're easier to code — so that they 're steps along the way ?
Yeah , well it 's precisely right that it 's easier to code , especially when you get into a networked thing , but who said coding was supposed to be easy !?
This brings up a little rant .
I love to support the free software movement ... I totally do .
But just doing a piece of software in some political or economic context that 's progressive like the Linux movement is n't enough .
The software itself also has to be good [ laughs ] .
That 's sort of stating the obvious , but there are very large numbers of programmers in this newest , youngest generation of programmers who seem to feel that writing something that has existed for 20 or 30 years is somehow cool if you do it as part of a free software movement .
And there is something to that , I do n't want to say it 's nothing but come on .
So I think we have an epidemic of almost tautological coding .
It 's the same old stuff .
There 's no surprise .
It 's like ham radio or something .
And that 's been the worst problem for VR , because VR really needs a different attitude .
Even today , you see people starting up a VR program and after some months they 'll have a cube rotating or maybe a videogame where you 're moving through a space and shooting at things .
It 's been done for decades !
Do these people not know the meaning of boredom ?
How can people bear that ?
Well , you have the same thing in publishing .
But the difference is that you can write something really dull or you can write something really amazing and it requires the same bandwidth .
The tools are already available .
But to do something really original in Virtual Reality — the steps are not so obvious .
Do you visualize a huge project with lots of people working in parallel or how should it work ?
The case I want to make — and I can't prove it ; it 's speculation but my belief — is that even a really low - res system that 's sort of manageable by a small group of people could be done that would be much more exciting and bring out more of this feeling of transcendence than what we 're seeing now .
Of course , anybody could ask me ; " So , Mr. Snooty Oldtimer , if you feel that this can be done why do n't you just go ahead and do it ? "
It 's a reasonable question and I always think about it .
I 'm in this sort of bizarre quandary .
The code that I really like the best for creativity is my old VPL code .
I still use it for my own creative work but I 'm not allowed to really work on it because it ended up being owned by Sun Microsystems .
That would be a good resource for developing the open source treatment .
And occasionally , when I give a talk at some university there will be some students who want to take it on as an open source challenge and make a new generation of something like that .
Maybe it'll happen .
It 's definitely getting harder to use that code because it 's old .
There are a few things that we now know about how visible systems work that are n't really doable on it .
It 's hard to keep it running on the new generations of machines ; it 's really quite a challenge .
How do you keep a twenty - year - old piece of software running without re-compiling ?
In your opinion , have there been fundamental changes in computer hardware that could make VR software more optimal in the intervening years ?
Not much .
Just speed .
More polygons .
The slowness in moving towards more creative forms of VR is a commercial problem also .
If there was an obvious immediate market for it , a company with money would be working on it .
You'd be working on it .
Capitalism has proven really wonderful and optimal in encouraging certain kinds of improvements in technology but it seems to have these blind spots where it just has n't been able to give support to other ones which are — at least by my value system — just as important .
So for instance , the Moore 's Law effect of processor speed going up — capitalism has been really good at that .
It probably would not have happened under a command economy .
So that 's worked out pretty well .
But with tools , if there 's already an established market , like video editing or sound editing then you have production suites and there 's a market .
But if it 's for something new and the market does n't already exist , you get caught up in a sort of chicken - and - egg situation even though one can see that if all the pieces were in place there would be an incredible market .
Capitalism can't serve as its own starter in a lot of places .
Well , it seems that the contravening force to capitalism in the digital world is the gift economies of open source enthusiasts , which has the added charm of being non-coercive .
Yeah .
Well if I can find the personal focus for it I might try to start an open source movement for making VR tools .
I should probably do that .
It would be courageous .
You 've always seen VR in terms of play and sharing visions and so forth .
What about the utilitarian aspect ?
Virtual Reality is already a success as an industrial technology .
It just has n't hit yet as a communications technology .
But it 's become absolutely essential .
One of the stories I tell is the story of the oil supply .
If we go back twenty or thirty years , most people thought that the oil would be running out about now .
And the reason it's not is because computers allowed people to find and extract oil more efficiently ... and from old fields .
Ultimately , there 's an illusion — created because of computers — that the oil supply is expanding instead of running out .
The underlying reality is that the oil supply is running out , so , in a way , this is a dangerous situation .
At any rate , VR was used to visualize oil fields and to visualize machinery to extract oil more efficiently from old fields .
Similar things happened in medicine .
We understand more about large molecules , we understand more about how the body heals from surgery through VR simulations .
Is there a utilitarian aspect to the visionary ideal of VR ?
Whether one sees meaning as having utilitarian value is a matter of personal taste .
I think the most important things can't be expressed in utilitarian terms because to be utilitarian you have to have a frame to refer to , and the most important things are the frames .
You can't say that your values are utilitarian ; you have to have smaller things that are utilitarian within your values .
( Of course , some of our values are tautologically unavoidable like survival . )
One way of arguing that there is a utilitarian value is that people who are tinkerers ought to be able to find a fascination in tinkering with such things as aesthetics and communications , which are the most intense things to tinker with , after all .
Because if we tinker with anything else , we 'll destroy ourselves .
My notion is that people are somewhat dangerous to their own survival because we 're too creative .
The metaphor I sometimes use is that people on planet earth are like a bunch of really technically bright teenagers without any supervision hanging out all summer in a chemistry lab [ laughter ] .
I like to think of VR as an alternative way of thinking about a ramp of technological progress in the future where instead of making bigger and faster things , you make more intense experiences and more interesting forms of human connection .
And if you think of that ramp , which is more of a McLuhanesque ramp than an Edward Teller ramp , that alternative ramp is the one that we can survive with .
So in that sense , all this business about aesthetics and communications is a survival strategy .
I really think it 's the only imaginable future .
You just said , " If we tinker with anything else we destroy ourselves . "
That 's a pretty extreme statement !
Are n't at least some kinds of tinkering convivial ?
In fact , do n't we need to keep tinkering in order to evolve some of our current technologies into a more convivial state ?
I spoke poorly .
I 'm not against tinkering but against the idea of tinkering for the purpose of increasing human power as opposed to the purpose of increasing human connection and experience .
If your only value is increasing technological power according to some extra- human definition , you will eventually hurt yourself .
If that was the only possible form of tinkering I would have to be anti-tinkering , but I think I 've articulated and practiced a different kind .
I 'm not even anti-power - oriented tinkering — it 's fantastic for improving our lives ; medicine and all that .
I only become opposed to it when it is the only guiding value , which it ultimately is for a the totalists , as well as the goodness - of - the - immanent - singularity folks .
The closest thing we have to shared dreaming right now is when people gather together in the movie theater .
The movie theater is Stalin 's version of a dream because somebody dictates a dream .
You have a pretty strong critique of the transhumanist .
Well , for instance , little nanomachines , little molecular machines can absolutely transform the world .
We 've seen that happen once .
It 's life on earth and it took billions of years .
So the real question is n't whether there is the possibility that there could be another family of molecular machines in billions of years , the question is whether there is some alternate family of molecular machines that can do something interesting in a much shorter period of time that 's relevant to any planning horizon for us .
So in order for them to go faster than evolution did the first time , there has to be some other ingredient that evolution did n't have .
And my illustrious colleagues , the " totalists " would say that evolution did n't have the benefits of their genius , and evolution is going to happen really fast this time .
But you can make a distinction between say Ray Kurzweil 's claim that somewhere in the foreseeable future we 're going to infuse the lifeless parts of our universe with intelligence , and saying that we can build molecular machines adequately to particular purposes that can , for instance , go into the human body and maintain health , or can produce enough wealth to end material scarcity .
This issue really comes down to the complexity ceiling problem .
And that comes down to how well we can model really complicated things like the interactions of molecules so that we can design something .
That 's one of the big scientific unknowns right now .
It may be that there is this complexity ceiling beyond which you cannot go , so that no matter how fast your computer is designed at the nano level , the level of complexity you need to calculate how to make that machine do certain things really does take billions of years to calculate , and evolution on earth was already optimized .
Or it might turn out that we really can do something smart and come up with a way to do it in maybe 10 or 40 years because it turns out that evolution was n't optimized and evolution wasted a lot of time on — oh , I do n't know — snails [ laughs ] .
So the single greatest question might be ; how optimized was evolution from the point of view of wanting to design complicated things really quickly ?
We have this fairly ubiquitous view now that all the important systems in life come from basically very simple programs that iterate and accumulate complexity .
We have currently the theory that the universe is just that ; and then we have genes and memes .
This works for me , but I also suspect that there 's something else going on .
I do n't have the scientific language or knowledge to say what that is ; it may be related to dimensionality ; quantum physics ...
I 'm not sure , but I do have that suspicion .
It 's tricky .
I think there 's something else too .
This is a subtle difficult question .
And there are alternative theories .
There are a lot of different kinds of propagating programs we could be talking about like the Wolfram programs that are supposed to propagate a reality that is very different from the Darwinian set of programs .
I have a feeling that the sense in which we find these theories to be true reaches a final point where they 're tautological and therefore useless .
Yes , of course you can conceive of it that way .
But I think the question is whether this way of thinking about the world as a bunch of competing programs really gets you anywhere .
Is it of any use ?
Does it make it easier and faster to think about anything ?
It 's an open question but I 'm a little skeptical .
I think a lot of the meme - gene people are really drunk on their little metaphor but it 's pretty short on substance .
You end up with the " just so " problem .
There was n't any falsification potential , so all the stories were equally good .
The problem I worry about , which I expressed in my essay " One Half a Manifesto " is that you have this sort of trickle down effect .
You have this big metaphor that starts to influence the way you think about little things .
You start to think that things are made out of simpler algorithms than they really are and you sort of dumb yourself down .
You start thinking of yourself and other people as simpler than they really are because you want it to fit nicely , potentially into a computer .
Do you think big theories that try to explain everything are a waste of time ?
No , I do n't reject explanation .
I just think it 's really hard to do .
This was an excerpt from True Mutations : Conversations on the Edge of Technology , Science and Consciousness by RU Sirius .
The book includes interviews with Cory Doctorow Robert Anton Wilson , DJ Spooky , John Markoff David Pescovitz , Howard Rheingold , Steven Johnson , David Duncan , Genesis P. Orridge , Danel Pinchbeck , Howard Bloom and many others .
The Blackberry mobile device allows users to send e-mails
One major consequence of this phenomenon is that the line between work and private life is much more blurred , now that e-mail and phones provide a 24 - hour link between employers and staff .
Experts believe that even the decision - making process of the average person can be adversely affected .
However , others think that the bombardment of various communications can enhance the brain 's ability to process information .
Addiction symptoms
Nada Kakabadse , a Professor at the Northampton Business School , said : " Your judgement is impaired .
Equally your decision making processes are impaired .
" It 's like losing your spatial judgement , so instead of walking through the door you walk into it .
You 're more prone to have a car accident if you drive . "
Prof Kakabadse added : " It 's addiction to portable technology , which you take with you practically to bed , the cinema , to the theatre , to a dinner party .
The symptoms are , like with any other addiction , that people spend more time using their technology than spending it in socialising or in family time . "
The growing importance of the issue was highlighted at a gathering in Geneva , Switzerland , for the LIFT 07 technology conference .
One of the conclusions reached by experts was that " tech overload " is the price people have to pay for always - on communication , where the line between work and play has become blurred .
I really think it is the responsibility of the individual to prioritise
Professor Nada Kakabadse , Northampton Business School
In fact , there is even some evidence that being bombarded with information from all directions is actually beneficial .
Professor Fred Mast , of the University of Lausanne , said : " I think that we can become overloaded .
It depends on the situation , but I think we are underestimating the brain 's capacity to adapt to new challenges .
" Studies have been done showing that people can actually enhance their cognitive abilities , which helps them to process more information at the same time .
And their performance even transfers to other tasks . "
Experts have also noted how different types of technology have developed their own etiquette .
E -mail tends to be a more formal type of communication
For instance , an e-mail can wait two days to be answered but a text message demands an almost immediate reply .
Stefana Broadbent from Swisscom said : " E- mail is considered the most formal .
At the other end of the spectrum SMS is the most personal of all .
" That 's where we find all those little exchanges , little endearments , what we call grooming , which is sending : ' I think about you .
How did it go ?
How did you sleep ?'
He added : " That is actually given by the number of characters .
With such few characters , you have to have a lot of mutual understanding and mutual knowledge . "
Prof Kakabadse added that prioritising was a vital way to prevent communication overload .
She said : " I really think it is the responsibility of the individual to prioritise .
Even if an employee pushes the boundaries , do discuss with the employee in a constructive way how we can do things better without being overloaded . "
May 15 , 2007 ( 10:44 pm ) By Charles LaRocca
I know Opie & Anthony are n’t exactly Sirius news but , with the recent line of firings and suspensions it leads me to wonder who will be next .
First there was Imus then there were at least five lesser known shock jocks on free radio and now O & A and for what …jokes ?
Does n’t anyone in this world have a sense of humor anymore ?
Listen , I have no problem with people being mad about bad jokes concerning race but , those same people have to be irate and people need to lose their jobs over every single race .
If this is the way they want it to be then it has to be all or nothing .
There can no longer be any unfunny jokes about white , black , red , yellow , fat , skinny , tall , short , rich , or poor people ever again .
In the past we have all heard much worse come out of both on air personalities Bubba The Love Sponge and Howard Stern yet nothing has come of it .
Is Sirius somehow squashing problems before they come to the surface ?
Could it be because the jocks have been messed with so much in the past they are more careful about how they word things ?
Or are cranky free speech haters just laying in wait recording the show , waiting for the ultimate slip up and the right time to strike ?
The truth is Howard and Bubba are next and if the people of this great country do n’t do something to stop all of this , you are going to watch the best right that we have as Americans , slip right out the window and once it ’s gone … good luck getting it back .
Data source .
What a difference a century or two makes !
In 1820 , China ( 33 % ) and India ( 16 % ) together produced about half of world GDP , which was more than double the size of Europe ( 24 % ) , while the U.S. economy was less than 2 % of world GDP .
To put that in perspective , the economy of Mexico in 1998 was 1.9 % of world output and Spain was 1.7 % , so the relative size of the U.S. economy in 1820 was comparable to Mexico or Spain today .
By 1950 , the U.S. produced 27.3 % of world output , and China and India together produced less than 9 % .
Today , China and India combined account for more than 20 % of world GDP ( adjusted for purcahsing power , according to IMF and World Bank data ) .
Thwarted Linux backdoor hints at smarter hacks
Kevin Poulsen
SecurityFocus
Software developers on Wednesday detected and thwarted a hacker 's scheme to submerge a slick backdoor in the next version of the Linux kernel , but security experts say the abortive caper proves that extremely subtle source code tampering is more than just the stuff of paranoid speculation .
The world 's first sign language dictionary available from a mobile phone has been launched by the University of Bristol 's Centre for Deaf Studies .
Mobilesign.org is a video dictionary with over 5,000 British Sign Language signs .
Produced by staff at the Centre for Deaf Studies , it is a mobile accessory to people who work with Deaf people , have Deaf customers or just want to learn to sign .
There is also help for parents with signs included that are specific to children like " Father Christmas " , " potty " and " naughty " .
The interface is extremely simple and is especially designed for mobile phone displays .
Users either type in the word they want translated to sign or they choose from an alphabetic list .
The signs do not appear until users ask for download , to avoid unnecessary charges for unwanted material .
The signs can be played as often as users wish .
The service is provided completely free and users of Signstation , the Centre 's sign language resource web , will be alerted to the new service .
Jim Kyle , Harry Crook Professor of Deaf Studies at the Centre for Deaf Studies said : " This is a first step to providing support to hearing people 's communication with Deaf people – anywhere and at any time .
From our research , we have identified this point of contact as a major issue for Deaf people in shops and daily life .
The next step for us will be to construct a phrasebook in order that more extensive interaction can be supported . "
Chris John , Technical Director at the Centre , explained : " The need was for a very simple interface to allow easy access and to compress the video files so they would play well on mobile displays and at the same time be small enough to download with virtually no cost .
We estimate that on most mobile phone contracts , downloading a sign will cost less than 1p . "
Linda Day , Sign Language Lecturer at the Centre , added : " Apart from the obvious use to access signs when you need to meet a Deaf person , it will be of great value to students of sign language and to parents – who just need that sign at that moment in time . "
To try out Mobile Sign , point your browser or set your mobile phone address page to www.mobilesign.org and type in a word or check the alphabetic listing .
Users will need a mobile , on any networks , which has a video player or a 3G phone .
Source : University of Bristol
Explore further New education ' hubs ' for Deaf children needed to replace social spaces lost when specialist schools close
Published online 26 March 2007 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news070326-1
News
Hermaphrodite reveals previously unknown type of twinning .
Mom lends one egg , dad lends two sperm .
Getty
Researchers have discovered a pair of twins who are identical through their mother 's side , but share only half their genes on their father 's side .
The ' semi-identical ' twins are the result of two sperm cells fusing with a single egg — a previously unreported way for twins to come about , say the team that made the finding .
The twins are chimaeras , meaning that their cells are not genetically uniform .
Each sperm has contributed genes to each child .
" Their similarity is somewhere between identical and fraternal twins , " says geneticist Vivienne Souter , of the Banner Good Samaritan Medical Center in Phoenix , Arizona .
" It makes me wonder whether the current classification of twins is an oversimplification . "
Such twins are probably very rare .
Their existence and discovery relies on three unusual , and possibly unlinked , events : first , that an egg fertilized by two sperm develops into a viable embryo ; second , that this embryo splits to form twins ; and third , that the children come to the attention of science .
" There 's value in understanding that this can happen , but it 's extremely unlikely that we 'll ever see another case , " says Charles Boklage , an expert on twinning who works at Eastern Carolina University in Greenville , North Carolina .
Souter and her colleagues investigated the twins ' genetic makeup because one was born with ambiguous genitalia .
This twin turned out to be a ' true hermaphrodite ' , with both ovarian and testicular tissue .
The other twin is anatomically male .
Genetic tests revealed that each twin contained some ' female ' cells with two X chromosomes , and some ' male ' cells with an X and a Y .
The proportion of each type varies from tissue to tissue in each twin , the researchers report in Human Genetics1 .
The babies , now toddlers , were conceived and born normally , and each twin 's growth and mental abilities appear normal .
Just the two of us
Fraternal twins are formed when two eggs meet two sperm in the womb .
Each is fertilized independently , and each becomes an embryo .
With identical twins , one egg is fertilized by one sperm , and the embryo splits at some later stage to become two .
Occasionally , two sperm are known to fertilize a single egg ; this ' double fertilization ' is thought to happen in about 1 % of human conceptions .
An embryo created this way does n't usually survive , but a few cases are known to have made it — these children are chimaeras of cells with X and Y chromosomes .
" The number of these cases is very small , but before they were reported , most people would have said this could never happen , " says geneticist David Bonthron of the University of Leeds , UK .
The new case seems to be a sub - type of double fertilization that involves the extra step of twinning .
There are two possible ways this could have happened .
The first possibility is that an egg cell divided , without separating , and each cell was then fertilized with a single sperm .
The genes could have then been muddled up before the egg fully separated .
But egg division before fertilization is thought to be extremely rare , says Souter .
The second , more likely scenario is that two sperm cells fused with a single egg , creating an embryo with three sets of chromosomes .
Then , perhaps at the embryo's two - cell stage , one cell would have shed the chromosomes from one sperm , and the other cell the other sperm 's genes .
Curiosities
It had been previously predicted that this might happen .
Biologist Michael Golubovsky , for example , now at the University of California , Berkeley , suggested in 2003 that twins intermediate between identical and fraternal might result from double fertilizations2 .
The new discovery confirms his theory .
ADVERTISEMENT
" There are a lot of unclear situations in the genetics of twins and twinning , " Golubovsky says .
" We need to keep our eyes open for other unusual scenarios . "
" Whether these things are academic curiosities , or whether we 've overlooked something significant is hard to say , " says Bonthron .
" A lot of what we know about fertilization is deductive , because we can't observe these events in humans . "
Visit our twinsdiscovered .html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
The convergent space - back to a wearable perception .
Paul Thomas
Department of Art , Curtin University of Technology , GPO Box U1987 , Perth , Western Australia 6845 .
p.thomas@curtin.edu.au .
Abstract
To day the conceptual boundary of the space between can be explored metaphorically and perhaps literally through the human computer interface .
Virtual realities are returning us to a wearable relationship with technology in an attempt to move away from the effects of Brunelleschi ’s device .
Brunelleschi’s perspectival space is like a container , whereby we are separated from that space and we witness rather than participate in the various narratives being played out within it .
The awareness of the body through wearable technologies brings the interface of fashion / textiles back to the forefront of a technological debate .
We are attempting to discover new understandings of how we interface with cyberspace through concepts of wearing space .
In this paper I will discuss how new emergent technologies are discovering notions of embodied space to interface with the computer .
This wearable embodied space will be discussed from a historical context exploring concepts of the space between ..
Key works
Perspective , art , virtual reality , wearable space
The convergent space back to a wearable perception .
Introduction
This paper is based around a straw hat that , in the early Renaissance , symbolically represented a way of perceiving space .
This perception of space was crucial to the concept of convergence in the space - between theme .
The space I refer to was the one used by Filippo Brunelleschi to demonstrate perspective for the first time .
I then want to take this moment of spatial transformation on a journey that will lead us back to a hat and therefore the body .
Fig ( 1 ) Baptistery of san Giovanni
Fig ( 2 ) Illustration of Filippo Brunelleschi peephole device
I will begin with a short description of the device which Brunelleschi used to demonstrate perspective .
I will rely on Antonio Manetti , Brunelleschi ’s biographer for much of the definitive description .
Manetti states concerning the structure of the device that Brunelleschi has a ‘ small panel about half a braccio square ’ upon which was a painting of the Baptistery Fig ( 1 ) , ‘ painted with such care and delicacy and with such great precision ’ .
( Manetti 1970 p 44 )
The second part of the device was a ‘ flat mirror ’ , which was to be held in the other hand to that of the painting .
The third ingredient to this device was the small hole cut into the painted panel itself : ‘he had made a hole in the painted panel at that point in the temple of san Giovanni which is directly opposite the eye of anyone stationed in the central portal of Santa Maria del Fiore ’ .
( Manetti 1970 p 44 ) Manetti goes on to state that the hole in the painted panel was shaped ‘ like a woman ’s straw hat ’ .
( Manetti 1970 p 44 )
There was one other feature to the device ; burnished silver was used on the painted panel to create a reflective surface .
Manetti states of the burnished silver ‘ where the sky had to be represented , that is to say , where the buildings of the painting were free thus the clouds seen in the silver are carried along by the wind as it blows ’ .
( Manetti 1970 p 44 )
As shown in the illustration the painting was held in one hand whilst the mirror was held in the other Fig ( 2 ) .
As the seer looked through the hole the shape of a woman ’s straw hat in the back of the painted panel they saw the actual baptistery .
The mirror was then lifted to cover the view of the baptistery only to reveal the painting ; an exact copy in true perspective reflected in the mirror .
( Fig 3 ) The procession of the banners of San Giovanni , cassone panel , Florence , dated first half of the fifteenth century
In the above painting ( Fig 3 ) the scene depicted is one of the space between the cathedral where ( Brunelleschi stood ) and the baptistery ( the subject of his gaze ) .
This illustration was cited by Hurbert Damisch in his book ‘ The Origin of Perspective ’ , without making much use of it apart from a reference to its ‘ longitudinal profile view , the very scene of Brunelleschi ’s experiment ’.
( Damisch 1994 p 112 )
The space portrayed is one that any person in the early 1400 ’s , when looking at the baptistery through Brunelleschi ’s device , would have seen indirectly .
This panel takes the physical space between observer and the observed and places it on its side so we see the space of the seer ’s gaze .
This space represents exactly the experiment , it is clearly marked out almost as though it was measured by the banners in the background and the lances of men on horseback .
Fig 4 Still from David Hockneys
The secret knowledge 2003
Fig 5 Still from David Hockneys
The secret knowledge 2003
This painting represents the physical space of the gaze , the space - between .
The space as depicted ( fig 4 ) is full of life and movement .
which must have made a stark contrast to the sense of loss when the mirror was lifted up to view the painted panel ( fig 5 ) .
I have used stills taken form David Hockneys video documentary re-enactment of part of Brunelleschi ’s experiments with perspective The Secret knowledge to demonstrate this idea of loss .
The space seen through the device would have been devoid of any person or thing that moved apart from the real time display of clouds in the sky reflected in the burnished silver .
The mirror , when held at arm ’s length to reflect the painting , created the virtual space that had a transformative power to make us see physical space perspectively .
To explore the space described in the ( chest ) panel I want to use one of Henri Lefebvre ’s concepts of abstract space .
This abstract space can be found by looking through Brunelleschi ’s peephole device , in which the space between becomes ‘ a container ready to receive fragmentary contents ’.
( Lefebvre 1994 p. 308 )
The social space illustrated in the panel is one , which Brunelleschi chose for his experiment can be seen as unchartered , a new area into ‘ which disjointed things , people and habits might be introduced ’.
( Lefebvre 1994 p. 308 )
The undifferentiated space of the space - between when viewed through the device portrayed the world with a new psychological content that distanced the seer from the world around them .
This world is described as the culmination of a number of events which maintained its integrity as an epoch .
The device had made this perspectival space which is ‘ the space - between ’ vacant to be owned by the gaze of a new emergent bourgeois social order of private property and individualism ..
The seer , perceiving this new space for the first time through Brunelleschi ’s device , could place his or her ownership on it , thereby creating , like a land rush claim , an area in which to develop a new emergent social order .
The space between became a metaphoric space , the space where autonomous disciplines would begin to develop .
The distance from the Baptistery door and the Cathedral is the abstract space , the space demonstrated by the device which today we are surveying to explore its effects on our spatial interactions .
This space was in reality the equivalent to an arm ’s length , is the space of converging disciplines .
The device developed a perspectival spatial understanding that has become a part of our consciousness .
The consciousness of a space between could be understood and then colonised by this new social order .
In Lefebvre ’s words : “ Not that this space ‘ expresses ’ them in any sense ; it is simply the space assigned them by the grand plan : these classes find what they seek – namely , a mirror of their ‘ reality ’ , tranquillizing ideas , and the image of a social world in which they have their own specially labelled , guaranteed place ” .
( Lefebvre 1994 p. 309 )
As Victor Burgin has commented
" Modern space ( inaugurated in the Renaissance ) is Euclidean , horizontal , infinitely extensible , and therefore , in principle , boundless .
In the early modern period it is the space of the humanist subject in its mercantile entrepreneurial incarnation .
In the late modern period it is the space of industrial capitalism , the space of an exponentially increased pace of dispersal , displacement and dissemination , of people and things .
In the ' postmodern ' period it is the space of financial capitalism " .
( Burgin 1991 p. 15 )
The peephole device , with its various parts was put together to demonstrate perspective .
What can be drawn from the cassone ( chest ) panel is that this image of the social space - between , is the space where the device over a long period of time transformed our gaze .
It turned us from people who experienced the world around them phenomenologically , to a perspectival view , which from that point of view only allows us to see the world in sections .
Jean Gebser points out “ As the whole cannot be approached from a perspectival attitude to the world , we merely superimpose the character of wholeness on to the sector , the result being the familiar ‘ totality ’ ’.
( Gebser 1985 p 18 ) This totality is where through new emergent technologies and telecommunications we are witnessing a further collapse of this arms length space which is not as yet not really understood .
In 1997 Don Foresta wrote " It would probably be at least another generation or two before we have consensus on the shape of that space , but if we are to believe what art and science have been saying , it is probable that that space would exist in time , be an interactive process and organised horizontally with a geometry quite different from the Euclidean geometry of renaissance perspective " .
( Foresta )
To this wearable space
According to Michael Heim “ Besides function , another aspect of the formal definition of ‘ world ” is that it is a context or weaving - together of things .
World makes a web - like totality .
The web gives context to anything that happens within it .
World is a total environment or surround space . ” ( Heim 1998 p 91 )
Manetti compared the peephole in Brunelleschi ’s device to ‘ a woman ’s ’ straw hat ’.
( cappello di paglia da donna ) – much like that depicted in ( fig 6 ) .
A similar reference to the straw hat is made in Filarete ’s Treatise on Architecture , where he describes the rays of light in perspective making a pyramid from the surface seen , Filarete stated that “ full of rays and enclosing within them the thing seen as in a bird cage made of very fine reeds .
Better , [ it is ] like a hat ( come uno cappello ) made of rushes , as young girls do when they bring all the rushes to one point exactly like a pyramid ” .
( Filarete 's 1965 p. 301 )
However in both cases the hat is not worn .
It is looked through .
Interestingly , Owen Barfield describes space in pre-renaissance terms as being like a worn garment .
“ We must not forget that in this time perspective had not yet been discovered , nor underrate the significance of this .
True , it is no more than a device for pictorially representing depth and separateness , in space .
But how comes it that the device had never been discovered before – or , if discovered , never adopted ?
There were plenty of skilled artists , and they would certainly have hit upon it soon enough if depth in space had characterized the collective representations they wish to reproduce , as it characterizes ours .
They did not need it .
Before the scientific revolution the world was more like a garment men wore about them than a stage on which they moved ” .
( Barfield 1957 p. 94 )
Fig 6 Roger Van Der Weyden ’s Portrait of a Lady c.1460
This concept of space being like a garment a person entered is illustrated through the hat in this painting ( fig 6 ) where the veil acts as a perspectival translucent membrane around the hat , almost denoting rays of light as though emitted from one point .
To move to a more contemporary hat which is used in confronting a psychological understanding of space I want to look at the work of Char Davies Osmose and Ephémèr .
In this work we have a virtual reality environment where the person being immersed has to put on a vest which tracks each breath and movement of the upper body .
They also have to wear a hat ; a head mounted display ( HMD ) which presents a constructed visual and sonic world to the viewer .
The effects of breathing and turning the head sends the data to a computer which allows you to move through the virtual environment via the HMD ( fig 7 ) in real time .
Fig 7
Head mounted display used in Char Davies Osmose and Ephémèr , 2003
Davies work links ideas of space being worn like a garment to new emergent technologies and virtual realities .
The environment that is seen through the hat is like looking at the world through a translucent veil .
These technologies through a need for human interaction are now bringing us back to the body through wearable interfaces .
The move back to the body is an attempt to shift away from perspective that distanced the seer from the space around them .
The hat is the symbolic device for seeing the container in which we are separated from and witness various narratives being played out .
With the Head Mounted Display ( HMD ) we have the hat and the container as one , collapsing the space between with in a few centimetres of our eye .
Martin Jay describes that “ space was robbed of its substantive meaningfulness to become an ordered , uniform system of abstract liner coordinates .
As such it was less the stage for a narrative to be developed over time than the eternal container of objective processes ” .
( Jay 1994 p. 52 - 53 )
The eternal container that Jay speaks of is one where life ’s everyday objects have been made to fit .
The container in this context is the metaphor for the hat that links us back to the body ; the container becomes the garment .
No matter how strange the narratives being played out in the container they are never going to be seen outside of a perspectival restrictions .
Hence the dilemma of the space between was that , once we had made perspective part of our consciousness , we could no longer see outside of this container .
Conclusion
The spatial container in the context of the body is what we want to transform .
It is not to see the container and it ’s narrative through the perspectival gaze but more about the phenomenological understanding of that space .
The container in this context is like the garment it is not something which we look at but rather a space we enter and wrap around us .
Cyberspace will be defined via a psychological rupture though the work of artists like Char Davies who via a wearable interface reconfigures the way we understand the space - between .
Fig 8 Pablo Picasso : Woman with Straw Hat on flowered Background 1938
As we have seen , Manetti’s and Filarettes use by choice of the straw hat metaphor to act as the symbol to recall the pre-renaissance way of experiencing or wearing space .
The straw hat ( fig 8 ) is directly or phenomenologically connected to the body and its spatialisation .
The straw hat also recalls those modern devices of virtuality : the glove , the body suit , the sensory detectors and the HMD .
These garments all bring us back to the senses and then to the body as a way of experiencing the space - between .
The garment is the key when looking for a starting point to reconfiguring our concept of space .
Perhaps the spatial distancing caused by the Brunelleschi ’s device needs , like the straw hat , to be worn again , to be turned vertical again .
Postscript
Fig 9 Paul Thomas Waiting for Nothing 1979
I wanted to now make my own connection to the idea of wearing space with this illustration from my early documentary research exploring the space between .
The subject and object relationship to the gaze is demonstrated by the string ( fig 9 ) .
This parallels conceptually the panel painting referred to earlier where Brunelleschi ’s gaze is turned side on .
Here as a recent migrant to Australia I am turning my gaze on it side to see the space between as the development of a different cultural and spatial awareness .
This is expanded upon in my current work which explores not the physical space of a colonialist but rather concepts of understanding virtual space .
These concepts have been illustrated by myself through the use of a laparoscopy camera to explore the spaces between the body and the clothes .
These unconscious residual spaces are the first point of contact to the concept of recognising the space between as a significant signifier .
The space between the skin and an outer garment is one where the senses need to be turned back on the body to feel the point of contact of the clothes .
These spaces , which are revealed , are a reconfiguration of our sense of being within the world .
Transparency is used in my work to allow the residual spaces to be layered and merge together to create hybrid spaces .
In the writings from The Zohar , which is a compendium of mysticism , myth and esoteric teaching ; one of the teachings refers in part to this concept of the garment .
Every good deed you do becomes one strand , these strands when woven together become a garment which you enter when you die .
To move into another level of consciousness we need to enter into a spatial garment .
Barfield , O. ( 1957 ) .
Saving the Appearances .
London , Faber and Faber .
Burgin , V. ( 1991 ) .
Psychoanalysis and Cultural Theory : Thresholds ;. D. James .
London , Macmillain Education .
Damisch , H. ( 1994 ) .
The Origin of Perpective .
Cambirdge Massachusetts , The MIT Pess .
Filarete 's ( 1965 ) .
Treatise on Architecture .
New Haven and London , Yale University Press .
Foresta , D. ( 1997 ) .
Souillac Charter , Mit Press .
1997 .
http://mitpress.mit.edu/e-journals/Leonardo/isast/articles/souillac/malvy.html
Gebser , J. ( 1985 ) .
The Ever -Present Origin .
Athens , Ohio , London , Ohio University Press .
Heim , M. ( 1998 ) .
Virtual Realism .
New York , Oxford University Press .
Jay , M. ( 1994 ) .
Down Cast Eyes The Denigration of vision in Twentieth - Century French Thought .
Los Angeles , University of Calafornia Press .
Lefebvre , H. ( 1994 ) .
The Production of Space , Blackwell Publishers .
By Professor Bleddyn Jones
Consultant , University Hospital , Birmingham
Anti-matter is created in the huge particle accelerators at CERN Techniques developed by atomic physicists are being used to develop the first of what promises to be a new generation of cancer treatments in place of conventional radiotherapy .
One day doctors could even be using anti-matter .
Recent announcements from the CERN laboratory in Geneva have aroused considerable interest in some medical circles .
Cancer cells were successfully targeted with anti-matter subatomic particles , causing intense biological damage leading to cell death .
These pilot experiments may have future potential .
But applications borrowed from particle physics are already being used in cancer treatment to help avoid the major side effects of radiotherapy .
In conventional radiotherapy , X - ray beams pass through the entire thickness of the body , so that many organs and tissues receive unnecessary radiation .
Proton and ion therapy
Although beams of charged atomic particles act in the same way as X - rays - interacting with cellular DNA and causing chromosome breaks and cell death - most of their energy can be delivered at a particular point in the cancer .
Little or no energy is deposited beyond the cancer target .
PROTON BEAM THERAPY
Treatment of a spinal cancer using proton beam therapy Concentrations of radiation are shown in colour codes from high ( red ) to low ( blue ) Most radiation is concentrated on the tumour Pictures : Courtesy of Francis H. Burr Proton Therapy Center , Boston , Massachusetts
The amount of radiation affecting normal tissues can be reduced to half or even one tenth at the same time as delivering the same or higher dose to the cancer .
The more efficient treatments bring numerous benefits .
Reducing collateral radiation is particularly beneficial for patients whose cancers are close to the spinal cord , brain , heart , eye or ear .
Complications from irradiation of the lungs can cause shortness of breath .
While in bowels and kidneys , severe complications can require surgery .
Younger patients would have reduced risk of damage to their development and lower risks of future cancers .
Types of cancer which are resistant to existing treatments could be treated with higher doses than X - rays permit .
And complications from metallic hip replacements could be avoided , along with issues with bone marrow irradiation making for safer subsequent cancer chemotherapy .
In Japan , doctors have already been using particle beams ( of carbon ions ) for cancers of the eye , lung , prostate and liver .
They report needing only one to four carbon ion treatments compared to six to seven weeks with X - rays .
UK facility
The UK currently has only one treatment centre , a proton ( hydrogen ion ) facility at Clatterbridge Hospital , Wirral , the first hospital based facility in the world .
X - RAYS Treatment of a spinal cancer using X - rays
While most radiation is concentrated on the tumour , there are significant doses affecting the nearby kidneys ( outlined ) and other organs
It has treated over 1,000 patients and produced excellent results , but it can only treat eye tumours .
And two young patients with special treatment needs from Birmingham were referred for proton therapy in Boston , USA for tumours in the spinal column and lower skull .
They received a higher tumour dose than would otherwise have been possible , both with reduced risks of paralysis , a reduced lung dose in the first patient and of further deafness in the second .
Other proton and ion facilities are being built around the world , notably in Japan , the United States , Italy , Germany , Austria , Sweden and France .
Each centre requires a cyclotron or synchrotron , a particle accelerator from which the particle beam can be delivered to multiple treatment rooms .
In the UK , they would cost £ 70 - 100 m , and each could treat around 2,000 patients a year .
There is a strong case for providing them in all major UK cities .
Anti-matter treatment may still be a while off in the future but esoteric physics could be bringing major benefits to many more cancer patients today .
Professor Bleddyn Jones is a Consultant in Clinical Oncology & Applied Radiobiology at University Hospital , Birmingham .
He will be discussing issues raised in this article in BBC Radio 4's scientific discussion programme , Material World on Thursday 8 March at 1630GMT
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Fox host : Is n't Congress ' raping the American people ' by stopping oil refineries ?
David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday May 24 , 2007 Print This Email This On Wednesday , combative Fox News host Neil Cavuto sparred with Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) over whether or not oil companies are practicing " gas gouging . "
Stupak first explained the recent House vote to make gas gouging a federal crime , stating , " That 's raping the American people . "
" Alright , " Cavuto responded , " so you do n't think it 's ' raping the American people ' that we have too few refineries , and that 's something you 're in charge of . "
Although Cavuto said that oil companies could be " greedy and looking out for money , " he insisted the real fault lay with Congress and environmentalists for preventing the building of new refineries .
Stupak disagreed , saying that the oil companies have had every chance to build new refineries but have refused .
Cavuto then attempted to put Stupak on the defensive , saying , " Why do you turn it around and accept it as a given , then , that people are being deliberately gouged when you do n't seem to know for a fact they are . "
Stupak simply laughed and answered , " We know for a fact they are , " adding " They do n't need [ the extra profit ] to build new refineries .
They need it cause the gittin's good , with oil companies sitting in the White House , and they 're gouging the American people every opportunity they have . "
Even though Stupak referred to a federal trade commission report on Hurricane Katrina which found " at least fifteen gas gouging " cases and cited other documented examples , Cavuto kept demanding that he tell the American people " the truth " about gas prices .
" Incredible , you keep saying it often enough , people are going to accept it as fact , Congressman , " Cavuto said , " but I think a little truth is in order . "
Stupak told the Fox host to bring any " contrary proof " he could find to the oversight and investigation committee he chairs .
The Fox host said he " looked forward " to future hearings , but did n't respond to Stupak 's offer to back up his arguments .
The following video is from Fox 's Your World with Neil Cavuto and was broadcast on May 23 .
The Edgewood neighborhood near downtown New Haven , Conn. , is probably one of the last places you 'd expect to find residents patrolling the streets with pistols .
Turn - of - the - century carriage houses sport manicured lawns .
Tall elm trees really do line Elm Street .
And every night since youths beat up a rabbi's son three weeks ago , members of the newly formed Edgewood Park Defense Patrol ( EPDP ) have been walking the streets at night .
Roughly half of them have permits to carry concealed weapons and take a handgun on patrol .
Although there 's nothing illegal about the practice , this ratcheting up of a traditional neighborhood watch worries local officials and national experts .
Citizens rarely , if ever , have the training that police routinely receive to defuse volatile situations .
But as budget woes and other priorities cause some localities to cut back neighborhood police patrols , advocates say that stepped - up citizen policing is an understandable response – although it 's a risky one with guns .
Longtime residents say Edgewood was a peaceful place until the 1980s , when residents started moving out to the suburbs and drugs and prostitution moved in .
The situation started to improve in the late 1990s , in part due to neighborhood revitalization projects and New Haven police working closely with the community , says Avi Hack , a high school teacher and EPDP spokesman .
But about five years ago , officers who used to work with Edgewood were reassigned – something Mr. Hack blames on the police chief – and " gangs of marauding youth " began harassing the neighborhood , he says .
After working with a variety of city officials and seeing no results , Hack says , " at a certain point we felt the only way to put the pressure on the mayor to either dismiss the police chief or get the police chief to do his job , which he seems incapable or unwilling to do , and ensure our own security was to form EPDP . "
In an act of apparently random violence earlier this month , a group of youths attacked a local rabbi's adult son in his own home .
Shortly afterward , members of the Jewish community along with some local African - Americans and others formed the EPDP .
On this particular night , Hack and Gary Lynes — a retired musician – are on an hour - long patrol in matching black EPDP T - shirts .
" I'm with you 100 percent ! " shouts Tina Salters as the two pass by .
Down the street , they 're met with a scowl from Nancy Brown .
" The police are working real hard and they do n't need no one else coming out here with guns . "
Hack and Lynes do n't carry guns .
Despite the EPDP criticism heaped on him , Chief Francisco Ortiz , a staunch advocate of community policing , says he " wholeheartedly " supports EPDP , though he made a point of officially not supporting their decision to carry weapons on patrol .
He says neighborhood police patrols were reduced largely due to funding cuts .
" We used to get a lot of grants to help [ with community policing ] – a couple million dollars a year .
But we lost those grants over the last six years , " says Chief Ortiz .
He explains the war on terror came at a price to community policing efforts that allowed officers enough time to work small beats and get to know the residents and their concerns .
" The country shifted its focus .
Like Cyclops with one eye , it took its eye off " community policing , he says .
Traditionally , community policing efforts encourage citizens to be the " eyes and ears " for police but to remain on the sidelines .
Neighborhood watch groups " should not be armed .
Period ....
They are not trained ; they are not educated in the laws , and it is distinctively a law - enforcement function , " says Robbie Woodson , program manager of USAonWatch , an umbrella group that oversees the national Neighborhood Watch Program .
" Leave the law - enforcement activities to law - enforcement officials – and part of that is armed patrols . "
Although Curtis Sliwa , founder and president of the international community policing organization Guardian Angels , strongly supports EPDP , he , too , is concerned about members carrying weapons .
" The ingredients are here for a major problem , " says Mr. Sliwa .
" Lawyers are perched .
The moment there 's an incident with this patrol ... you know there 's going to be some civil suit filed claiming that their client 's civil rights were violated by arms - toting posses . "
Armed civilian patrols may have a hard time meeting the higher standards authorities have adopted over the past 40 years for how and when to use firearms , says Samuel Walker , emeritus professor of criminal justice at the University of Nebraska at Omaha .
" I 'm not sure that these kinds of neighborhood patrols are aware of these kinds of rules ....
The risk of them shooting someone who should not be shot is very high . "
While armed civilian groups like the EPDP are rare , they are not unprecedented .
In 2003 , the " Oregon Rangers Association " raised eyebrows when it began patrolling Oregon 's national forests armed with pistols and shotguns , intent on stopping crime in the wilderness and helping rangers stretched thin across the parks .
With reports following 9/11 that terrorists planned to target Jewish neighborhoods , Rabbi Yakove Lloyd made international headlines when he announced his intent to organize civilian patrols armed with licensed firearms , baseball bats , and walkie - talkies through Jewish areas in Brooklyn , N.Y .
The effort fizzled after a public outcry .
Crime overall in New Haven has fallen by 56 percent since 1990 , according to New Haven 's Uniform Crime Report .
A string of Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s appointees to state boards are facing complaints that they are unqualified , beholden to the industries they oversee or otherwise mired in conflicts of interest .
Schwarzenegger has installed longtime friends and political associates on several boards , giving rise to criticism that he is practicing cronyism while failing to adequately vet people who oversee billions of dollars ’ worth of economic activity and other public matters .
Last month , Schwarzenegger appointed his dentist to the state dental board .
His former chiropractor now chairs the chiropractic panel .
Watchdog groups say the governor misunderstands the boards ’ purpose , which is to safeguard the public .
Advertisement
The chiropractic panel ’s primary role is to protect Californians from incompetence or fraud , according to its mission statement .
But when Schwarzenegger was asked recently about turmoil on the board , he said , “ What is important to us is : Does the chiropractic board represent the chiropractors ? ”
Julianne D’Angelo Fellmeth , director of the Center for Public Interest Law at the University of San Diego law school , was taken aback .
“ If he really believes that , that is extremely troubling , ” she said .
Political patronage is not uncommon ; elected officials often use their appointment powers to reward trusted friends .
It is unclear how many such appointments Schwarzenegger has made , but he came into office on promises to change how state business was done , and had proposed abolishing 88 state panels that still exist .
Advertisement
The governor ’s office says all appointees are carefully screened .
Criminal histories , civil suits , driving records and relevant news stories are thoroughly reviewed before appointments are made , a Schwarzenegger spokesman said .
“ The governor has appointed more than 3,000 people to agencies , boards and commissions since taking office , ” said Aaron McLear , Schwarzenegger ’s press secretary .
“ We try to identify the most talented people willing to serve , and to recruit candidates from both inside and outside government . ”
On the state chiropractic panel , friends of the governor face complaints that they ’re protecting the profession at the public ’s expense .
Board Secretary Franco Columbu , a chiropractor , was best man at the governor ’s wedding .
Chairman Richard H. Tyler , the governor ’s former chiropractor , is another longtime associate ; he greeted Schwarzenegger at the airport when the bodybuilder arrived in the U.S. in 1968 .
As chairman , Tyler plays a major role in setting the board ’s agenda .
Advertisement
Allegations that the board has abused its power were the focus of a three - hour hearing Wednesday in the Legislature .
Lawmakers examined whether board members voted to endorse a chiropractic treatment because they wanted to protect a chiropractor facing criminal charges in San Joaquin County .
“ This appears to have been an attempt to influence the judicial process , ” Assemblyman Mike Eng ( D - Monterey Park ) , who co-chaired the hearing , said afterward .
Eng said in an interview Friday that he intended to ask the governor to fire Tyler , Columbu and another board member .
At a recent meeting , the board ejected from the room its state - appointed attorney , Jana Tuton , who has questioned the legality of its actions .
But first , Shawn Steele , a former Republican Party chairman who represents chiropractors in his private legal practice , briefly joined members on the dais , according to Tuton .
Advertisement
The public law center ’s Fellmeth , who has studied the board ’s minutes and reviewed tapes of previous meetings , said board members are “ helping the wrong people .
They ’re trying to help [ chiropractors ] .
They should be trying to help the public . ”
In addition , e-mails among board members show board business being conducted in secret , in violation of California ’s open meetings law , according to legislative and board staff .
Legislative staff identified seven e-mails from August to December 2006 in which board members appeared to have violated the requirement that board business be done in public .
Topics discussed in the e-mails include licenses for graduates of a Florida chiropractic college and agenda items for meetings .
On Oct. 3 , Columbu sent an e-mail to five other panel members regarding a board matter .
He received a response two days later from Tuton telling him that e-mails involving board business “ can be a violation ” of the law .
Advertisement
Schwarzenegger has taken no action to discipline the board .
“ The governor feels the board is taking appropriate measures to ensure these mistakes wo n’t happen again , ” McLear said .
He was referring to Tyler ’s pledge at the legislative hearing that board members would not interfere with disciplinary actions against chiropractors , would delegate personnel matters to the staff ’s executive director and would receive training on the open meetings law .
Another of the governor ’s choices appears to be struggling to win confirmation .
Advertisement
In February , Schwarzenegger named his appointments secretary , Timothy A. Simon , to the Public Utilities Commission , which regulates the multibillion - dollar telecommunications and energy industries .
The governor ’s staff issued a news release in which Schwarzenegger said Simon ’s background in business and financial services were “ fantastic ” assets .
Left unmentioned was Simon ’s tangled financial and personal history .
He had been in bankruptcy for four years at the time of the appointment ( he has since repaid his debts ) .
In 2001 , a judge signed a restraining order forcing Simon to keep away from a man who said Simon was harassing him .
The man was dating Simon ’s ex-wife .
The same year , Simon ’s attorney submitted a brief in Simon ’s divorce case that said he was facing “ extraordinary consumer debt ” fed partly by credit card use .
In 2005 , while Simon was still in bankruptcy , his ex-wife said in a court filing that he was driving expensive cars and taking vacations in Vietnam , China , the Caribbean and Mexico .
Advertisement
The Schwarzenegger administration “ should have been more careful when they considered him , ” said Senate President Pro Tem Don Perata ( D - Oakland ) .
The Senate has 11 months to confirm Simon .
McLear countered : “ We did a full vetting .
It did n’t turn up anything that said he was less than qualified to serve the people of California . ”
Simon did not return repeated telephone calls seeking comment .
The presence of a governor ’s friends and associates on state boards can raise alarms simply because they might have access to the administration that other Californians lack .
Advertisement
Schwarzenegger named his dentist , John Bettinger , to the state dental board in February .
That upset some hygienists , whose interests sometimes clash with those of the dentists who employ them .
Hygienists fear that Bettinger ’s presence could give dentists an extra dose of political clout .
Hygienists want their own regulatory board -- something Schwarzenegger vetoed last year .
This year , hygienists are sponsoring a similar effort -- and they are worried that the dental board will persuade the governor to kill the proposal again .
Tricia Osuna , a hygienist and former member of the board , complained about the Bettinger appointment last month in a letter to a fellow hygienist .
“ This unusually close relationship creates a fertile environment for ... favoritism , ” Osuna said , “ and unprecedented access to the executive branch . ”
Advertisement
Some of Schwarzenegger ’s nominations have proved untenable .
Last year , the governor named Kim Blackseth , a quadriplegic , to the state Building Standards Commission , which approves building codes .
At his Senate confirmation hearing last month , a parade of advocates for the disabled testified that Blackseth , a private consultant on disability issues , had been helping employers bypass laws that ensure access for the disabled .
Blackseth sent a letter to the Senate saying it was “ unfathomable ” to him that he was not representing “ the disabled community . ”
Advertisement
Still , facing rejection by the Senate , he left the board .
*
peter.nicholas@latimes.com
From the NYT
“ They are basically asking me to stand in front of a unit before I go out with them and say that in the event that they are wounded , I would like their consent , ” he said .
“ We are already viewed by some as bloodsucking vultures , and making that kind of announcement would make you an immediate bad luck charm . ”
“ They are not letting us cover the reality of war , ” he added .
“ I think this has got little to do with the families or the soldiers and everything to do with politics . ”
…. Until last year , no permission was required to publish photographs of the wounded , but families had to be notified of the soldier ’s injury first .
Now , not only is permission required , but any image of casualties that shows a recognizable name or unit is off - limits .
And memorials for the fallen in Iraq can no longer be shown , even when the unit in question invites coverage .
The resounding moment of truth during Thursday 's Reagan - raptured debate came when Texas Congressman Dr. Ron Paul said he preferred Internet reporting to mainstream media , then strongly defended the need for Internet freedom and independence .
When asked the question , " Do you trust the mainstream media ? " Dr. Paul instantly replied :
" Some of them [ mainstream media ] . Â
But I trust the Internet a lot more .
Â
And I trust the freedom of expression and that 's why we should never interfere with the Internet .
Â
That 's why I 've never voted to regulate the Internet even when there 's the temptation to put bad things on the Internet .
Â Regulation of bad and good on the Internet should be done differently .
Â
But there 's every reason to believe we have enough freedom in this country to have freedom of expression and that 's what 's important ... "
Bravo !!Â
What a welcome relief to hear a Presidential candidate willing to take on New Media , where establishment rules of " off limits " and " quid pro quo " no longer apply .
Â
Where predictable questions which candidates rehearse are replaced with relevant questions ' we - the - people ' want to know . Â
As long as the Internet can sustain the freedoms espoused by Congressman Paul , we - the - people will play a pivotal role in the governance of this nation .
Two months ago , while attending a speech by Democratic Presidential candidate John Edwards , I was taken aback when he did n't address the millions of Americans who'd protested Government policy for the past six years .
Â
I wondered if he 'd paid attention to the massive organizing , the heartfelt pleas , and the distances traveled by patriots who marched and rallied across and beyond this land .
Â I wondered if he cared . Â
That evening I wrote an article , ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/linda-milazzo/my-questions-for-our-cand_b_42585.html), in which I proposed that all Presidential candidates be asked if they 'd paid attention to the millions who opposed the policies of the current President .
Â
I proposed that they each be asked if they cared .
Â
Because if they did n't care and they did n't pay attention , than the Presidency should n't be theirs .
Old Media spent the entire presidency of George W. Bush suppressing public opposition and concealing democracy - in- action .
Â
From its near total blackout in 2005 ( http://www.fair.org/index.php?page=2677), to its scant exposure in 2007 ( http://www.fair.org/index.php?page=3096), media owners like GE , which benefit handsomely from the military industrial complex ( http://www.corpwatch.org/article.php?list=type&type=16), have no profit motive to televise peace .
Â
They choose corporatism over patriotism and money over country nearly every time .
Â Â Â
But a window of truth has finally opened and some light is seeping in .
Â
Thanks to the growth and empowerment of grassroots media and Internet journalism , the words and deeds of politicians holding office and those running for office , are monitored and broadcast freely over an ever widening web of accessible sites .
Â
In the current Presidential election , mainstream media swiftboating is less likely to succeed .
Â
And no mealy - mouthed candidate will be permitted to retreat from battling back . Â
Who ever takes the people 's mantle this time will be held to account by the people themselves .
Â Â
At last weekend 's California Democratic Convention at the San Diego Convention Center , New Media were prominent , welcome and vital participants .
Â Â On the Convention floor , a central area was roped off and specifically designated for the bloggers of Calitics ( http://www.calitics.com), the community website for California politics .
Â Several Calitics bloggers played dual roles at the Convention as Delegates and full - fledged members of the Press .
All eight Democratic Presidential candidates attended the event .
Â John Edwards , Chris Dodd and Dennis Kucinich were completely at ease with New Media .
Â
They welcomed ALL questioners in their press conferences and beyond .
Â
This time , John Edwards clearly acknowledged the active role Americans play in their democracy .
Â
As he said in his closing remarks on Sunday :
" The fact that you are here and that you are this involved and this engaged , demonstrates your commitment to the country .
But I think every one of us have to ask ourselves , what are you willing to do ?
How much are you willing to do ?
How much do you love America ?
If you look at the big changes that have happened in this country -- the civil rights movement that began on college campuses in America , speaking out against the war in Vietnam , bringing down this apartheid regime in South Africa .
This movement to end the war in Iraq , the great movements that have happened in America , they did n't start in Washington , D.C. , they did n't start in the Oval Office , they started right here with people of conviction , and courage , and passion , who would stand up for what you believe in , and what you knew is right .
Â
We need you again .
We need all of you -- to speak out , to speak up , and to build the kind of America , moral and just , that all of us believe in . "
Thank you , John , for listening !
Chris Dodd was also quite gracious .
Â
At his press conference I asked if being a first time father at sixty - two prompted his bid for the Presidency .
Â
He responded that his two tiny daughters were indeed his impetus , which led me to ask how he , a parent now himself , believed George Bush had treated Cindy Sheehan .
Â
Dodd responded , " Terribly .
Â
Demeaning people , belittling people who have a different point of view . Â
That 's not right . "
Yet one candidate was a bit uncomfortable with New Media . Â
That was New Mexico's Governor Bill Richardson .Â Â
At the very beginning Â his press conference , Governor Richardson immediately called on a reporter from the AP who asked an inconsequentialÂ gotcha question about deceased Supreme Court Justice , Byron White .
Contrastingly , the next questioner from New Media asked whether Paul Wolfowitz should resign .
Â
Then came a New Media " youth " reporter who addressed issues important to youth .
Â Another New Media questioner asked about income disparity in America .
Â New Media reporter , Kate Daniels , from The Women 's International Perspective ( thewip.net ) , asked Richardson how he would develop new alliances and improve America 's image abroad . Â
Not long after came my question :
" Leading up to the war against Iraq , millions of people protested around the world , possibly fifteen to thirty million .
Â Millions protested within the United States .
Â
Over the past six years this government has shown disdain for people who exercise that First Amendment right .
Â
What 's your opinion of people who actively protest policy ? "
Governor Richardson responded :
" Well , I 'm for it .
Â I think YOU should demonstrate as long as it's peaceful .
Â
I think YOU should direct YOUR demonstrations to the Congress because I believe that 's where we need change ...Â
Every president challenges the authority of the war powers act , but it's the Congress that has the authority to make war , to stop war , that is our Constitution ...Â
Look , I 'm for making sure YOU have that . "
Interesting how Governor Richardson believes public protest should be directed at Congress and not at the President , which would immunize him from such actions should that Office one day become his .
Â
The fact is , public protest should be directed at ANYONE who deserves to be opposed .
Â
Be it the President .
Â The Vice - President . Â Â Secretary of State . Â Congressperson .Â Corporation .Â
Or contractor . Â
Also interesting was how Governor Richardson used the pronoun YOU when answering me , especially since I never included myself or the pronoun I in my question .
Â
Nor was I biased in my tone . Â
Presumably , Â Governor Richardson was troubled by my question because traditional or corporate media rarely ask it .
Â
But New Media will ask this question and many more like it , because New Media cares that the President who is elected honors the rights of those he or she represents .
Immediately upon answering my question , Â Governor Richardson mocked , " This IS a press conference , is n't it ?
Â
Has any member of the press not asked anything ? "
Yes , Governor Richardson , this was a press conference .
Â
And members of all forms of press had something to ask .
Â
But your confusion stems less from the unfamiliar faces present and more from the questions they asked .
Â
This , Governor Richardson , was not YOUR traditional corporate press conference .
Â Â
It was a New Press conference with New Media voices who are n't corporate owned .
Â New Media voices who wo n't permit another President to disregard the will of the people as the " Old Press " wantonly do .
Â A New Press with free unencumbered voices , much of which arise from the Internet .
Â A New Press that appreciate Congressman Ron Paul , Â who ' trusts freedom of expression so much that he would never interfere with the Internet ' to uphold the Constitution 's First Amendment ideal .
Bottom line , Governor , this ain't YOUR corporate Media any more !
_______
About author Linda Milazzo is a Los Angeles based writer , educator and activist .
Since 1974 , she has divided her time between the entertainment industry , government organizations & community development projects , and educational programs .
Linda began her writing career over 30 years ago , starting out in advertising and promotions .
From 1976 to 1989 , she operated an independent public relations service providing specialty writing for individual and corporate clients .
For the past six years , Linda has focused on political writing .
Her essays , letters and commentaries have appeared in domestic and international journals , newspapers , magazines and on dozens of respected news and opinion websites .
She 's an educator and creator of a writers ' program she 's taught privately and in public schools .
She currently facilitates an advocacy writing workshop and is developing an advocacy writing program to be implemented in public and private educational institutions and in community based organizations .
A political and social activist since the Vietnam War , Linda attributes her revitalized - fully - engaged - intense - head - on - non - stop - political activism to the UNFORTUNATE EXISTENCE OF GEORGE W. BUSH and her disgust with greed - ridden American imperialism , environmental atrocities , egregious war , nuclear proliferation , lying leaders , and global tyranny !
My remarks are in reaction to Running out of oil may not be the issue at all by Kristen Hays , reporting in the Houston Chronicle on February 14th on statements by John Watson , head of international exploration and production for Chevron , at the CERA conference .
It is CERA Week and , consequently , there is a steady stream of nonsense emanating from Houston .
In this brief note , I will talk a bit more about what the concept Peak Oil is .
John Watson told energy executives and analysts that the so - called peak oil debate focuses on the level of resources below the ground .
He joined the prevailing view of speakers at the Cambridge Energy Research Associates ' annual conference in Houston that the planet wo n't run out of oil anytime soon despite opposing theories that a peak and subsequent drop - off in production is imminent or even ongoing .
" Every time we say we 're about to be tapped out , we find new ways to squeeze more out of reservoirs , " he said .
Or , companies find new wells in hard - to - reach places , like Chevron 's huge [ ultra ] deep - water Jack discovery last year about 270 miles southwest of New Orleans in the Gulf of Mexico .
But worldwide oil production could still lag behind demand if politics get in the way of access , Watson said ....
" Above - ground peak oil will trump below - ground peak oil every time , " Watson said .
Here are some of the details as reported in the Houston Chronicle .
Let 's examine this point of view .
Despite much searching on my part , it is hard to find good evidence that the global recovery factor ( URR / OIP ) has increased much .
But , assuming a higher recovery factor , and regarding " squeezing more [ oil ] out of reservoirs " , Watson 's statement says nothing about the rate at which this putative extra recoverable oil is lifted out the ground .
Framing this mathematically , no statement has been made about dQ / dt , where Q is the cumulative production and t is time .
If you can " squeeze out " more oil , but you can only do so at a very small rate measured in barrels per day , then the recovery factor over a very long time period ( measured in decades ) is irrelevant to the issue of " peak oil " .
Concomitantly , if you apply enhanced oil recovery ( EOR , eg. gas injection ) or improved oil recovery ( IOR , eg. horizontal drilling )  techniques meant to maintain previously achieved production rates or boost production after it has peaked in a field or basin  then it is important to remember that such techniques have a limited warranty attached to them .
In other words , they are guaranteed to work for a relatively short period of time , measured in some small number of years .
Witness what is happening at Cantarell after the use of Nitrogen injection .
However , even if one grants a higher recovery factor , it still seems to be the case that most increased world production since the year 1996  to pick a date has come from either 1 ) new fields discovered sometime in the last 20 years or 2 ) additions to fields discovered further back in time  this is called reserves growth .
Remember , world oil discoveries peaked in the 1960's .
In the first case , older basins like the Caspian have been re-explored , which has led to new fields like the Azeri- Chirag - Gunashli .
In other cases , technology has enabled development of deepwater fields like Dalia ( offshore Angola ) .
Given the historical discoveries curve , there appears to be a limited horizon under which such production can replace , let alone surpass , current declines in existing production , which most estimates place at 4 to 5 % per year .
Deepwater and Some OGJ Data
While ultra - deepwater holds some promise , it is still the case that all deepwater fields ramp up quickly , peak and then fall off rapidly , and the shape of this curve further depends on the field size .
Look at this graphic compiled by my European colleague Euan Mearns in The architecture of UK offshore oil production in relation to future production models
UK Offshore Production  new field additions
have reduced the overall decline rate from 13 % to 7.6 %
Click to enlarge
As usual , the larger fields were produced first .
After an interruption  which I shall discuss below  a large number of smaller fields were put on stream .
All these offshore fields show the same production profile , but the smaller fields produce less oil , just as they peak and decline more quickly .
You can expect to see this historical trend in the future in the other prolific deepwater basins  the Gulf of Mexico , Brazil ( Campos & Santos basins ) and West Africa ( Gulf of Guinea , Nigeria , Angola ) .
Therefore , future ultra - deepwater fields will likely provide only replacement barrels for declining deepwater production at best , hype about Jack # 2 aside .
In any case , new fields will have to be constantly found and completed to maintain production rates .
This trend is obviously unsustainable .
As for this 
CERA released a report last November that took aim at theories that the world has hit or passed the peak of oil production .
CERA argues that information from the U.S. Geological Survey shows the world has 3.7 trillion barrels of oil , both tapped and untapped , rather than the 1.7 trillion barrels estimated by some peak - oil theorists .
CERA 's outlook includes conventional oil , or that extracted from the ground or in shallow waters offshore , as well as unconventional oil , or that derived from oil - soaked sands , natural gas liquids and coal turned to liquid and shale .
 it is sufficient to note that discoveries have not kept pace with USGS predictions and that oil from shale , various sands ( including Canada ) and coal - to - liquids conversions will not make major contributions in any time frame we care about .
Some recent data : according to the Oil & Gas Journal ( February 5th ) , the worlds natural gas liquids supply in 2006 ( 10 month average ) was up over 2005 ( same period ) by 83.0 kbd , a rise of 1.04 % .
Outside the Middle East , the world was down 34.0 kbd .
According to the OGJ ( February 12th ) , the world oil ( crude + condensate ) supply in 2006 ( 11 month average ) was up 479 kbd , a rise of 0.66 % .
If it were n't for the former Soviet Union ( FSU ) , the world would have been substantially down .
These numbers amount to no significant change , given margins of error in the data .
The data indicate failure , an inability to grow the world oil supply .
Is this being discussed at CERA Week in Houston ?
Lovell : Houston , we 've had a problem .
We 've had a main B bus undervolt .
The Oil Drum team studies the glitch .
Source .
Stochastic Factors
The first peak is built on the back of giant fields 
Forties , Brent , Piper and Ninian .
The oil price crash of 1986 led to a slowing in investment , the postponement of several new field developments and a hiatus in exploration , which in turn led to a bi-modal discovery history .
The Piper Alpha oil rig explosion of 1988 that led to lost production from this hub for 4 years , and reduced production from a number of fields while sub - sea control valves were fitted to production wells in the wake of this disaster .
The rise from the valley between the peaks was caused by postponed projects being re-instated , large new fields being developed  Nelson Miller , Scott  and the end of forced maintenance retrofitting safety valves .
Watson said other above - ground risks include gaining access when national oil companies control about 80 percent of reserves .
Now , as you can see , the UK offshore production shows a " double hump " in the historical profile .
Why ?
The short answer is that .
The longer answer was provided to me by Euan .
So , considering what happened in the North Sea , and getting back to Watson 's remarks , the important thing to understand is that there is acomponent to oil production .
In the modern geopolitical world , it justthat most of the world 's remaining reserves are currently in unfriendly or dangerous places .
The geographical distribution of the world 's largest oil - bearing basins is an artifact of events ( for example , plate tectonics ) that occurred in geological time , as well as the inherent randomness in human history that drew those country boundaries and the populations that live within them .
That 's just the way it is .
This observation must be qualified by a more recent historical fact  the West has already used up most of its easy oil .
See the last section .
Watson can complain all day long that Hugo Chavez has a bad attitude or that Kuwait is lazy , but the simple fact remains that concerns about peak oil are not limited to geological constraints , which themselves were subject to the vagaries of deep time .
Our concerns also encompass random , non-deterministic " above - ground " elements .
Ask Vladimir Putin what it means to .
Actually , perhaps it would better to ask the EU or the Ukraine .
We also need to acknowledge the injurious effects of random geopolitical events  the Iraqi civil war , Iranian leadership & policies , western leadership ( W ) and policies toward Iran , Venezuelan politics , Nigerian rebels  and then move on .
If Al - Qaeda had n't bombed the World Trade Center , we would n't have invaded Iraq , which would n't be falling apart ....
There is always this stochastic element in human history , just as human nature never changes .
It is a form of unreality for Watson & others to bemoan the lack of a perfect world for oil production where there are no wars , national politics , catastrophic equipment failures , economic recessions , price volatiliy , conflicts between social groups , etc .
Get used to it .
The oil price provides special cause for concern as another stochastic " above - ground " factor .
There is apparently no guarantee that the oil price will provide a reliable signal of supply & demand fundamentals over short time periods ( up to several months , perhaps longer ) .
All sorts of irrational market " perceptions " and random events influence the oil price .
Unless there are guarantees that the price will remain high , the oil companies will not even bother to produce ultra - deepwater fields or other difficult - to - produce resources .
Even price depressions lasting short periods of time can do lasting damage to the world oil supply  this is the destructive effect of volatility .
Really , what Watson should be addressing is why the oil industry is such a mess .
Inflation is eating up new E&P investment , there are equipment and skilled labor shortages .
The infrastructure supporting existing production is aging and not being maintained ( see Prudhoe Bay or use of rigs that should have been retired ) .
Keeping Our Eye on the Ball
Joseph Bryant , CEO of Houston - based exploration and production company Cobalt International Energy , said at Wednesday 's peak oil panel that the industry continues to develop new resources — just not " super giant " fields .
Bryant said that until technology shows there is nothing new to find , it 's difficult to conclude that the planet is running out of oil .
" I do not think there 's an endless supply of super - giant fields , " he said , but they may not be needed if producers tackle more fields more efficiently .
Returning again to geology , we get this statement  It 's good to know Bryant finds it difficult to conclude that the world is runnning out of oil .
We 've reached the same conclusion at The Oil Drum .
It 's also heartening that Bryant does not think there is an endless supply of super - giant fields , because this indicates some connection with reality .
And , if we define " super - giant " as being in the same size range as Burgan , Ghawar , Samotlor , Daqing or Cantarell , then we can most likely conclude that there areleft on Earth .
We know that " super - giant " is not as big as it used to be .
As to the idea that weno longer need such fields if we " tackle more fields more efficiently " , I am not comforted by the conjecture thatthus rendering the peak & subsequent decline of world oil production a non-event .
Another thing not spoken , which is little understood by the public , is that we already ran through most of our oil here in the West , and what a shame it is that those uncooperative people in the rest of the world wo n't play by our rules  and give us what we want .
This dilemma is compounded by the fact that some uppity countries in Asia are being quite assertive of their rights to a significant share of what oil remains .
This " argument " , if you can dignify it with that term , presumes that it is only a matter of allowing the international oil companies to produce huge untapped resources in the large producing countries .
Blame is assigned  the exporting nations are culpable for withholding their oil , either from greed , hostility or incompetence .
Thus , the presuppositions  that 1 ) there are vast , untapped resources ripe for the picking and 2 ) these riches could be easily brought on stream in a timely way to satisfy ever - growing world demand  are not questioned .
Until Chevron 's Watson or Cobalt 's Bryant or organizations like CERA start dealing with reality  and leveling with the public  instead of engaging in wishful thinking or complaining about things they have no control over , we will have to listen endlessly to this empty discourse while doing nothing to mitigate the effects on world economies of a peak & decline of available oil supply , regardless of its causes .
Let 's keep our eye on the ball .
Dave Cohen
Senior Contributor
The Oil Drum
davec @ linkvoyager.com
In the past , when researchers sought clues in mouse models for insomnia , hyperactivity , irresponsible risk - taking , drug abuse and other behavior associated with mania , they shot up the animals with amphetamines and monitored their actions .
But those experiments yielded only limited information .
" Obviously , that 's not a great model because you are giving an animal amphetamines ; it 's not a genetic condition , " says Colleen McClung , a psychiatrist at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas .
So instead of injecting speed into the mice , McClung and several colleagues tested mutant mice , with a single - point mutation in the so - called Clock gene , which helps control the body 's circadian rhythms : waking , sleeping and eating times as well as the maintenance of proper body temperature , heart and blood functions , and hormone levels .
The researchers studied the mutant mice in several different situations to determine the behavioral impact of the missing genetic component .
Their goal was to try to understand what happens during mania in the hope of coming up with successful new treatments .
Their findings , published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences : the flawed Clock gene induced a manic state in mice that had a profile similar to that of humans suffering from bipolar disorder or manic depression , a condition during which a person cycles from deep depression to manic behavior .
The mutant mice showed increased response to reward stimuli in several hedonic scenarios .
When trained that depressing a pedal would trigger an enjoyable electrical stimulation to the forebrain , the mice pressed it more frequently than their wild ( unaltered ) counterparts .
They acted the same way when the reward was a sugar solution .
In the presence of cocaine the mutant mice needed smaller doses than the normal mice to activate their reward circuits , indicating that they were hyperactive .
McClung notes that manic people , who are prone to drug abuse , shopping sprees , compulsive gambling and other high - impulse behaviors , " tend to find rewarding things more rewarding " than others do .
When the mice were put in high - stress situations , like in wide - open spaces ( ostensibly vulnerable to predators , such as hawks ) , the wild mice appeared more anxious than their mutant brethren .
When they were forced to swim , after being dropped in a bucket filled with seven inches of water , the normal mice did not give up as easily as their mutant peers , proving they are less inclined to be depressed .
" In every way that we can think to test them , [ the mice with the damaged Clock gene ] look like bipolar patients in the manic state , " McClung says .
After determining that the mutant mice were indeed manic , the researchers treated them with lithium — a mood - stabilizer known to counteract mania in humans by regulating the circadian clock .
Mutant mice , after receiving the drug for 10 days , exhibited behaviors more like that of their normal peers .
" By looking at what lithium is doing specifically in these mice , " McClung says , " we may be able to find out more about the mechanism of action in [ mood stabilizers ] and find more targeted drugs in the future . "
One method that may be used in the future could be rescuing the function of the Clock gene in certain brain regions .
Here , the scientists used a targeted virus to return a proper copy of Clock to cells in the ventral tegmental area , a midbrain region critical in the reward pathway involved in production of the pleasure system neurotransmitter dopamine .
After the virus was introduced , the mutant mice began to act more like the control animals but were still a bit more hyper , McClung notes .
The researchers believe their findings could help scientists begin to understand at least the mania component of bipolar disorder , which often onsets in early adulthood and affects 5.7 million adults in the U.S. McClung admits that thus far her team has only succeeded in causing the mania associated with the disease .
Moving forward , she and her team are studying other genes implicated in circadian - clock function to see if they can get the mice to take on a depressive state .
Published online 4 May 2007 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news070430-13
News
Creepy crawlies are the latest weapon in the anti-MRSA arsenal .
It looks bad , but it works : maggots can clean out some foot wounds better than drugs .
The drug - resistant bug MRSA has a new adversary — the maggot .
Researchers in Manchester , UK , have just won a grant to compare maggots with other more hi-tech treatments for people with diabetes who suffer from infected feet .
A quarter of all people with diabetes are at risk of foot ulcers , because of the reduced blood circulation caused by the damaging effects of high blood glucose .
These lesions often become infected .
Antibiotic - resistant bacateria such as methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) are becoming increasingly common — and consequently increasingly hard to treat .
" MRSA is not just in hospitals , it 's everywhere , " says team leader Andrew Boulton at Manchester University .
Antibiotics prove useless against these bugs .
So Boulton decided to turn his attention to maggots .
These creatures have been called into action to chew up infected tissues ever since the American Civil War , and have been used in diabetes clinics for a decade .
Boulton wanted to see how they fared against MRSA .
A small initial trial , published this February , showed considerable success1 .
' Larval therapy ' ( the polite term for maggot treatment ) was excellent for shifting MRSA infected tissue : in 12 out of 13 patients , their wounds healed after between three and five applications of maggots , each lasting four to five days .
" It 's primitive but effective , " says Boulton .
The charity Diabetes UK has now given Boulton £ 98,000 ( US $ 195,000 ) to test maggots versus two other treatments : silver - containing dressings and a biogun — which zaps infection by ionizing molecular oxygen and creating bug - beating superoxide radicals .
The trial will involve a total of 65 patients and will begin within a few months .
Boulton expects the maggots to fare the best : " We hope that this trial will confirm our findings , " he says .
ADVERTISEMENT
The trial has been temporarily held up because the UK's Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency claims that the ancient maggot - healing technique is a new therapy that requires a special licence .
But Boulton expects to overcome this hurdle within a few weeks .
Boulton is also collaborating with microbiologists to find out how the treatment works .
The maggots might secrete an antibacterial goo , or they might be just devouring the infected flesh .
Boulton has noticed that the MRSA infection is highly concentrated around the maggots — rather like iron filings around a magnet , he says .
But at the moment how and why this happens is a mystery .
Visit our eatupresistantbacte.html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
Inman had been ill for some time
John Inman TV clips
Inman made his name in the 1970s show as Mr Humphries , whose catchphrase " I 'm free ! " entered popular culture .
In recent years he was a pantomime regular , most often taking the role of the dame .
He also made appearances in BBC comedy show Revolver in 2004 .
The Preston - born actor died in hospital and had been suffering from a Hepatitis A infection for some time .
John was one of the wittiest and most inventive actors I 've ever worked with
Wendy Richard
Wendy Richard 's tribute
The infection , usually caused by eating contaminated food , forced him to cancel the opening of a pantomime in London in December 2004 .
It was initially hoped he would be able to return to the production of Dick Whittington , in which he was due to play Wanda the Cook , but he never worked again .
His manager Phil Dale said : " John was known and loved throughout the world .
He was one of the best and finest pantomime dames working to capacity audiences throughout Britain .
" John was known for his comedy plays and farces which were enjoyed from London 's West End throughout the country and as far as Australia , Canada and the USA . "
Inman 's Are You Being Served ?
co-star Wendy Richard told BBC Radio 4's
Today programme : " John was one of the wittiest and most inventive actors I 've ever worked with .
" He was a brilliant , brilliant pantomime dame and he was a very good all - round actor , really .
He was a true professional . "
HAVE YOUR SAY
I bet everyone in heaven is laughing non-stop today ; one of the funniest men to grace our TV's and stage .
Alan Darbyshire , Wigan
Send us your comments
Are You Being Served ?
ran on the BBC from 1972 to 1985 and depicted the antics of the staff of Grace Brothers , an old - fashioned department store .
Mr Humphries became one of TV's best known characters , and in 1976 Inman was voted funniest man on television by TV Times readers .
He was declared BBC TV 's personality of the year the same year .
Trevor Bannister , who played Mr Lucas in the series , told BBC News 24 : " The ' I 'm free ! ' was something put in because that is what people in those stores really said .
" We did n't realise it would become a running catchphrase .
" It was that way about the whole show - we never realised it was going to as successful as it was . "
Veteran actress and co-star Mollie Sugden , who played Mrs Slocombe , told the BBC : " It 's a very sad day .
As far as I 'm concerned , it 's the end of an era . "
Confident comedian
In the last four series , Mr Humphries was given an assistant , Mr Spooner , played by Mike Berry .
" I felt like going home at the end of the day and ironing my face , he made me laugh so much !
As funny as he was in front of the camera , he was funnier off .
" He was such an astute comedian as well .
He would get the script and mark in pencil the best lines and how to get the most laughs .
" And he was a confident comedian , which made him generous .
He would help you in delivering a line to get the most out of it , he liked to work in a good team . "
' Innocent quality '
Are You Being Served ?
attracted up to 22 million viewers
" It was suggestive but never in your face or aggressive .
It had an innocent quality that you rarely find today .
" He was a joy to work with and even after an exhausting day in pantomime he would have time for the fans who crowded round the stage door . "
Fellow pantomime dame Danny La Rue called him " irreplaceable " .
The 79 - year - old added : " John was wonderful in panto .
The children adored him .
He had a magic touch .
Panto can be exhausting - but he loved it .
" He was such a fantastic and inventive actor , and he could play serious roles too .
He was n't all about that flippant catchphrase ' I 'm free ! '
But that 's what made him .
When that show first started he was just one of the salesmen , but they soon saw a star . "
Inman 's long - term partner , Ron Lynch , is said to be " devastated " at his death .
The Short List : Colleges 10 Colleges With the Most Undergraduates
Undergraduate enrollment at these colleges ranged from a low of 40,163 to a high of 59,483 in fall 2019 , per U.S. News data .
it 's been cloudy and grey for the whole last week in toronto ; making the city look very depressing .
and it started raining last night , which is strange at this time of the year .
the street was very empty when I took this shot so I had to take 8 photos and combine them to get the light streaks .
it 's multi exposure only in photoshop .
put the photos all in layers and change the layer transfer of each layer to lighten , that 's all .
the same technique was used on these photos too , only with 2 exposure instead of 8 .
this is greyhound station Toronto Coach Terminal at bay and edward .
update : the man in the photo is from one of the eight exposures .
I did n't want to blend the movements on the upper right triangle , so that part of the photo is only from one exposure .
And yes I was suprised to see how sharp he was in a 6 second exposure !
I guess he really stood still for that long .
Astronomers have located an ongoing galactic merger , pinpointing the exact location of each galaxy ’s supermassive black hole .
These twin monsters are swirling around each other , and in several million years , they ’ll merge together , releasing a powerful blast of gravitational radiation .
The twin galaxies are collectively known as NGC 6240 , located about 300 million light years away , and they were recently imaged by the powerful adaptive optics system of the W.M. Keck Observatory in Hawaii .
Under Keck ’s vision , NGC 6240 was revealed to have two rotating disks of stars , each of which had its own supermassive black hole .
Millions of years ago , these would have been two separate galaxies that got to close to one another , and began merging .
This process of galactic evolution is similar to the process that built up our own Milky Way , over billions of years .
Astronomers are starting to understand the connection between the black holes and the total mass of the galaxy that surrounds them .
As galaxies grow , the mass of their supermassive black holes grows too .
The twin supermassive black holes are slowly falling in to a common centre of gravity .
In the next 10 to 100 million years , they ’ll spiral into each other and merge into a single black hole .
This collision will release waves of gravitational radiation .
Original Source : UCSC News Release
For months , senators have listened to a parade of well - coached Justice Department witnesses claiming to know nothing about how nine prosecutors were chosen for firing .
This week , it was the turn of Bradley Schlozman , a former federal attorney in Missouri , to be uninformative and not credible .
It is time for Senator Patrick Leahy , the chairman of the Judiciary Committee , to deliver subpoenas that have been approved for Karl Rove , former White House counsel Harriet Miers and their top aides , and to make them testify in public and under oath .
Mr. Schlozman was appointed United States attorney in Missouri while the state was in the midst of a hard - fought Senate race .
In his brief stint , he pushed a lawsuit , which was thrown out by a federal judge , that could have led to thousands of Democratic - leaning voters being wrongly purged from the rolls .
Just days before the election , he indicted voter registration workers from the liberal group Acorn on fraud charges .
Republicans quickly made the indictments an issue in the Senate race .
Mr. Schlozman said it did not occur to him that the indictments could affect the campaign .
That is hard to believe since the Justice Department ’s guidelines tell prosecutors not to bring vote fraud investigations right before an election , so as not to affect the outcome .
He also claimed , laughably , that he did not know that Acorn was a liberal - leaning group .
Mr. Schlozman fits neatly into the larger picture .
Prosecutors who refused to use their offices to help Republicans win elections , like John McKay in Washington State , and David Iglesias in New Mexico , were fired .
Prosecutors who used their offices to help Republicans did well .
Swirling ocean currents carry the nutrients that fuel mysterious blooms of microscopic plants that have been found in otherwise barren regions in the middle of Earth 's oceans , scientists found .
For years , scientists were puzzled by the vast blooms of phytoplankton that erupted in the middle of the Sargasso Sea , for instance , a mid-ocean region that is warmer , saltier , bluer and clearer than most other parts of the North Atlantic .
Because of these conditions , it was thought that the region was the desert of the ocean , with few signs of life .
But observations showed that oxygen and other elements were being consumed at a higher rate than theories and models could account for , leading scientist to think there must be some nutrient source fueling the blooms .
“ Past research has shown that the open ocean is far more productive than we could explain based on what we knew about nutrients in the surface water , ” said oceanographer Dennis McGillicuddy of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts .
“ Scientists have been trying to figure out where the nutrients come from to make these oases in the oceanic desert . ”
In a new study detailed in the May 18 issue of the journal Science , researchers have shown that eddies , episodic swirling current systems , pump nutrients up from the ocean ’s depths to feed the phytoplankton .
“ Eddies are the internal weather of the sea , the oceanic equivalent of storms in the atmosphere ” said McGillicuddy , also the study ’s leader .
The eddies pull up nutrient - rich water from deep in the ocean , fertilizing the “ euphotic ” zone , or the layer of the ocean where sunlight penetrates .
With these two essential ingredients of photosynthesis , phytoplankton numbers rise ; in turn , they attract zooplankton and other animals higher up the food chain .
The e-Leo archive lets users sift through a huge stash of Leonardo Da Vinci 's drawings and writings .
Screenshot : The Leonardian Library
The tiny brick library in Leonardo Da Vinci 's hometown is putting 3,000 pages of the genius ' work online in a high - resolution , searchable archive .
The Leonardian Library in Vinci , Tuscany , is making the Madrid Codices and the Codex Atlanticus – two collections of scientific and technical drawings – available as a free digital archive called e-Leo .
The EU - financed project will also digitize the Windsor folios and 12 notebooks from the Institut de France for a total of 12,000 pages , creating the most extensive public online archive of Leonardo 's codes .
It 's a powerful resource for amateurs —
Renaissance groupies , crowdsourcers looking for technical solutions – who make half of all requests to the library in the hamlet where Leonardo was born .
E - Leo wo n't be putting lone librarian Monica Taddei out of a job anytime soon , though .
Taddei often navigates the texts for experts in technical fields looking for sketches of things like valves or siphons .
The Madrid Codices are especially fertile for designs .
Alas , e-Leo is not quite ready for Dan Brown buffs or 8th - grade homework assignments .
While the digital notebooks offer advantages to make academics sob with joy – semantic search functions , clustered results – most of them vanish without a working knowledge of 15th - century Italian .
( Forms in English are expected in about two months ; an index of drawings in English is expected by year 's end . )
To index Leonardo 's designs and irregular vocabulary , text - mining company Synthema teamed up with engineers from the University of Florence and the Accademia della Crusca , Italy 's national language institute founded in 1582 .
" Leonardo had a very modern way of jumbling things together , a true multitasker , " says Federico Neri , head of R&D at Synthema .
" There are technical specifications next to shopping lists .
Finding anything used to be mining in a literal sense . "
Neri hopes to eventually develop a multilanguage version to help readers explore the notebooks .
Nonetheless , there are plenty of curiosities for the lay reader .
Even a quick spin may turn up , as it did on a recent once - over of the Codex Atlanticus , the spring - propelled vehicle thought to be a precursor to Mars rovers .
And the high - resolution images are arguably as close as one will get to the real thing unless you 're Bill Gates .
There are references to a sketch in the Codex Atlanticus showing the backside of Leonardo 's comely assistant , Salaino , with penises speeding at him .
When an e-Leo user 's attempts to find it fail , Taddei recites a folio number from memory with the cool aplomb of a professional used to stewarding odd requests .
Punching it in brings up a crude drawing in a childish hand , clearly not Leonardo's .
" I 'm afraid that 's the one , though it 's not what you 'd expect , " Taddei says .
" Hang on though . "
The librarian taps in some more numbers then goes off to check a reference in a book .
" Here 's what you want : Try 674r . "
The image takes a few seconds to load , but at the center of the page is a small , anatomical sketch of a young man 's privates and a peachy bum .
Worth the effort after all .
Slideshow : The Real Da Vinci Code
3 - D Peep Show : Coming to a Store Near You
The Real da Vinci Code
Scientists Study Sacred Sounds
Diary of an Expat Downloader
Search the RFC Archives Or Display the document by number
RFC Index | Usenet FAQs | Web FAQs | Documents | Cities | Abstracts | Copyrights | Patents | Counties ] Network Working Group S. Hambridge Request For Comments : 1855 Intel Corp. FYI : 28 October 1995 Category : Informational Netiquette Guidelines Status of This Memo
This memo provides information for the Internet community .
This memo does not specify an Internet standard of any kind .
Distribution of this memo is unlimited .
Abstract
This document provides a minimum set of guidelines for Network Etiquette ( Netiquette ) which organizations may take and adapt for their own use .
As such , it is deliberately written in a bulleted format to make adaptation easier and to make any particular item easy ( or easier ) to find .
It also functions as a minimum set of guidelines for individuals , both users and administrators .
This memo is the product of the Responsible Use of the Network ( RUN ) Working Group of the IETF .
Table of Contents 1.0 Introduction 1 2.0 One - to - One Communication 2 3.0 One - to - Many Communication 7 4.0 Information Services 14 5.0 Selected Bibliography 18 6.0 Security Considerations 21 7.0 Author 's Address 21 1.0 Introduction
In the past , the population of people using the Internet had " grown up " with the Internet , were technically minded , and understood the nature of the transport and the protocols .
Today , the community of Internet users includes people who are new to the environment .
These " Newbies " are unfamiliar with the culture and do n't need to know about transport and protocols .
In order to bring these new users into the Internet culture quickly , this Guide offers a minimum set of behaviors which organizations and individuals may take and adapt for their own use .
Individuals should be aware that no matter who supplies their Internet access , be it an Internet Service Provider through a private account , or a student account at a University , or an account through a corporation , that those organizations have regulations about ownership of mail and files , about what is proper to post or send , and how to present yourself .
Be sure to check with the local authority for specific guidelines .
We 've organized this material into three sections :
One - to - one communication , which includes mail and talk ;
One - to - many communications , which includes mailing lists and NetNews ; and Information Services , which includes ftp , WWW , Wais , Gopher , MUDs and MOOs .
Finally , we have a Selected Bibliography , which may be used for reference .
2.0 One - to - One Communication ( electronic mail , talk )
We define one - to - one communications as those in which a person is communicating with another person as if face - to - face : a dialog .
In general , rules of common courtesy for interaction with people should be in force for any situation and on the Internet it 's doubly important where , for example , body language and tone of voice must be inferred .
For more information on Netiquette for communicating via electronic mail and talk , check references [ 1,23,25,27 ] in the Selected Bibliography .
2.1 User Guidelines 2.1.1
For mail : - Unless you have your own Internet access through an Internet provider , be sure to check with your employer about ownership of electronic mail .
Laws about the ownership of electronic mail vary from place to place .
- Unless you are using an encryption device ( hardware or software ) , you should assume that mail on the Internet is not secure .
Never put in a mail message anything you would not put on a postcard .
- Respect the copyright on material that you reproduce .
Almost every country has copyright laws .
-
If you are forwarding or re-posting a message you 've received , do not change the wording .
If the message was a personal message to you and you are re-posting to a group , you should ask permission first .
You may shorten the message and quote only relevant parts , but be sure you give proper attribution .
- Never send chain letters via electronic mail .
Chain letters are forbidden on the Internet .
Your network privileges will be revoked .
Notify your local system administrator if your ever receive one .
- A good rule of thumb :
Be conservative in what you send and liberal in what you receive .
You should not send heated messages ( we call these " flames " ) even if you are provoked .
On the other hand , you should n't be surprised if you get flamed and it 's prudent not to respond to flames .
-
In general , it 's a good idea to at least check all your mail subjects before responding to a message .
Sometimes a person who asks you for help ( or clarification ) will send another message which effectively says " Never Mind " .
Also make sure that any message you respond to was directed to you .
You might be cc:ed rather than the primary recipient .
-
Make things easy for the recipient .
Many mailers strip header information which includes your return address .
In order to ensure that people know who you are , be sure to include a line or two at the end of your message with contact information .
You can create this file ahead of time and add it to the end of your messages .
( Some mailers do this automatically . )
In Internet parlance , this is known as a " .sig " or " signature " file .
Your .sig file takes the place of your business card .
( And you can have more than one to apply in different circumstances . ) -
Be careful when addressing mail .
There are addresses which may go to a group but the address looks like it is just one person .
Know to whom you are sending .
- Watch cc's when replying .
Do n't continue to include people if the messages have become a 2 - way conversation .
-
In general , most people who use the Internet do n't have time to answer general questions about the Internet and its workings .
Do n't send unsolicited mail asking for information to people whose names you might have seen in RFCs or on mailing lists .
- Remember that people with whom you communicate are located across the globe .
If you send a message to which you want an immediate response , the person receiving it might be at home asleep when it arrives .
Give them a chance to wake up , come to work , and login before assuming the mail did n't arrive or that they do n't care .
- Verify all addresses before initiating long or personal discourse .
It 's also a good practice to include the word " Long " in the subject header so the recipient knows the message will take time to read and respond to .
Over 100 lines is considered " long " . - Know whom to contact for help .
Usually you will have resources close at hand .
Check locally for people who can help you with software and system problems .
Also , know whom to go to if you receive anything questionable or illegal .
Most sites also have " Postmaster " aliased to a knowledgeable user , so you can send mail to this address to get help with mail .
- Remember that the recipient is a human being whose culture , language , and humor have different points of reference from your own .
Remember that date formats , measurements , and idioms may not travel well .
Be especially careful with sarcasm . - Use mixed case .
UPPER CASE LOOKS AS IF YOU'RE SHOUTING . - Use symbols for emphasis .
That * is* what I meant .
Use underscores for underlining .
_ War and Peace_ is my favorite book .
-
Use smileys to indicate tone of voice , but use them sparingly . :-) is an example of a smiley ( Look sideways ) .
Do n't assume that the inclusion of a smiley will make the recipient happy with what you say or wipe out an otherwise insulting comment .
-
Wait overnight to send emotional responses to messages .
If you have really strong feelings about a subject , indicate it via FLAME ON / OFF enclosures .
For example : FLAME ON :
This type of argument is not worth the bandwidth it takes to send it .
It 's illogical and poorly reasoned .
The rest of the world agrees with me .
FLAME OFF - Do not include control characters or non-ASCII attachments in messages unless they are MIME attachments or unless your mailer encodes these .
If you send encoded messages make sure the recipient can decode them .
-
Be brief without being overly terse .
When replying to a message , include enough original material to be understood but no more .
It is extremely bad form to simply reply to a message by including all the previous message : edit out all the irrelevant material .
- Limit line length to fewer than 65 characters and end a line with a carriage return .
- Mail should have a subject heading which reflects the content of the message .
-
If you include a signature keep it short .
Rule of thumb is no longer than 4 lines .
Remember that many people pay for connectivity by the minute , and the longer your message is , the more they pay .
- Just as mail ( today ) may not be private , mail ( and news ) are ( today ) subject to forgery and spoofing of various degrees of detectability .
Apply common sense " reality checks " before assuming a message is valid .
-
If you think the importance of a message justifies it , immediately reply briefly to an e-mail message to let the sender know you got it , even if you will send a longer reply later .
- " Reasonable " expectations for conduct via e-mail depend on your relationship to a person and the context of the communication .
Norms learned in a particular e-mail environment may not apply in general to your e-mail communication with people across the Internet .
Be careful with slang or local acronyms . -
The cost of delivering an e-mail message is , on the average , paid about equally by the sender and the recipient ( or their organizations ) .
This is unlike other media such as physical mail , telephone , TV , or radio .
Sending someone mail may also cost them in other specific ways like network bandwidth , disk space or CPU usage .
This is a fundamental economic reason why unsolicited e-mail advertising is unwelcome ( and is forbidden in many contexts ) .
- Know how large a message you are sending .
Including large files such as Postscript files or programs may make your message so large that it cannot be delivered or at least consumes excessive resources .
A good rule of thumb would be not to send a file larger than 50 Kilobytes .
Consider file transfer as an alternative , or cutting the file into smaller chunks and sending each as a separate message .
-
Do n't send large amounts of unsolicited information to people .
-
If your mail system allows you to forward mail , beware the dreaded forwarding loop .
Be sure you have n't set up forwarding on several hosts so that a message sent to you gets into an endless loop from one computer to the next to the next .
2.1.2 For talk :
Talk is a set of protocols which allow two people to have an interactive dialogue via computer .
-
Use mixed case and proper punctuation , as though you were typing a letter or sending mail .
-
Do n't run off the end of a line and simply let the terminal wrap ; use a Carriage Return ( CR ) at the end of the line .
Also , do n't assume your screen size is the same as everyone else's .
A good rule of thumb is to write out no more than 70 characters , and no more than 12 lines ( since you 're using a split screen ) .
- Leave some margin ; do n't write to the edge of the screen .
- Use two CRs to indicate that you are done and the other person may start typing .
( blank line ) .
- Always say goodbye , or some other farewell , and wait to see a farewell from the other person before killing the session .
This is especially important when you are communicating with someone a long way away .
Remember that your communication relies on both bandwidth ( the size of the pipe ) and latency ( the speed of light ) .
- Remember that talk is an interruption to the other person .
Only use as appropriate .
And never talk to strangers .
-
The reasons for not getting a reply are many .
Do n't assume that everything is working correctly .
Not all versions of talk are compatible .
-
If left on its own , talk re-rings the recipient .
Let it ring one or two times , then kill it .
-
If a person does n't respond you might try another tty .
Use finger to determine which are open .
If the person still does n't respond , do not continue to send .
- Talk shows your typing ability .
If you type slowly and make mistakes when typing it is often not worth the time of trying to correct , as the other person can usually see what you meant .
-
Be careful if you have more than one talk session going !
2.2 Administrator Issues -
Be sure you have established written guidelines for dealing with situations especially illegal , improper , or forged traffic .
- Handle requests in a timely fashion - by the next business day .
- Respond promptly to people who have concerns about receiving improper or illegal messages .
Requests concerning chain letters should be handled immediately .
- Explain any system rules , such as disk quotas , to your users .
Make sure they understand implications of requesting files by mail such as : Filling up disks ; running up phone bills , delaying mail , etc. - Make sure you have " Postmaster " aliased .
Make sure you have " Root " aliased .
Make sure someone reads that mail .
- Investigate complaints about your users with an open mind .
Remember that addresses may be forged and spoofed .
3.0 One - to - Many Communication ( Mailing Lists , NetNews )
Any time you engage in One - to - Many communications , all the rules for mail should also apply .
After all , communicating with many people via one mail message or post is quite analogous to communicating with one person with the exception of possibly offending a great many more people than in one - to - one communication .
Therefore , it 's quite important to know as much as you can about the audience of your message .
3.1 User Guidelines 3.1.1 General Guidelines for mailing lists and NetNews - Read both mailing lists and newsgroups for one to two months before you post anything .
This helps you to get an understanding of the culture of the group .
-
Do not blame the system administrator for the behavior of the system users .
- Consider that a large audience will see your posts .
That may include your present or your next boss .
Take care in what you write .
Remember too , that mailing lists and Newsgroups are frequently archived , and that your words may be stored for a very long time in a place to which many people have access .
- Assume that individuals speak for themselves , and what they say does not represent their organization ( unless stated explicitly ) .
- Remember that both mail and news take system resources .
Pay attention to any specific rules covering their uses your organization may have .
- Messages and articles should be brief and to the point .
Do n't wander off - topic , do n't ramble and do n't send mail or post messages solely to point out other people 's errors in typing or spelling .
These , more than any other behavior , mark you as an immature beginner .
- Subject lines should follow the conventions of the group .
- Forgeries and spoofing are not approved behavior .
- Advertising is welcomed on some lists and Newsgroups , and abhorred on others !
This is another example of knowing your audience before you post .
Unsolicited advertising which is completely off - topic will most certainly guarantee that you get a lot of hate mail .
-
If you are sending a reply to a message or a posting be sure you summarize the original at the top of the message , or include just enough text of the original to give a context .
This will make sure readers understand when they start to read your response .
Since NetNews , especially , is proliferated by distributing the postings from one host to another , it is possible to see a response to a message before seeing the original .
Giving context helps everyone .
But do not include the entire original !
-
Again , be sure to have a signature which you attach to your message .
This will guarantee that any peculiarities of mailers or newsreaders which strip header information will not delete the only reference in the message of how people may reach you .
-
Be careful when you reply to messages or postings .
Frequently replies are sent back to the address which originated the post - which in many cases is the address of a list or group !
You may accidentally send a personal response to a great many people , embarrassing all involved .
It 's best to type in the address instead of relying on " reply . " -
Delivery receipts , non-delivery notices , and vacation programs are neither totally standardized nor totally reliable across the range of systems connected to Internet mail .
They are invasive when sent to mailing lists , and some people consider delivery receipts an invasion of privacy .
In short , do not use them .
-
If you find a personal message has gone to a list or group , send an apology to the person and to the group .
-
If you should find yourself in a disagreement with one person , make your responses to each other via mail rather than continue to send messages to the list or the group .
If you are debating a point on which the group might have some interest , you may summarize for them later .
-
Do n't get involved in flame wars .
Neither post nor respond to incendiary material .
- Avoid sending messages or posting articles which are no more than gratuitous replies to replies .
-
Be careful with monospacing fonts and diagrams .
These will display differently on different systems , and with different mailers on the same system .
-
There are Newsgroups and Mailing Lists which discuss topics of wide varieties of interests .
These represent a diversity of lifestyles , religions , and cultures .
Posting articles or sending messages to a group whose point of view is offensive to you simply to tell them they are offensive is not acceptable .
Sexually and racially harassing messages may also have legal implications .
There is software available to filter items you might find objectionable .
3.1.2 Mailing List Guidelines
There are several ways to find information about what mailing lists exist on the Internet and how to join them .
Make sure you understand your organization 's policy about joining these lists and posting to them .
In general it is always better to check local resources first before trying to find information via the Internet .
Nevertheless , there are a set of files posted periodically to news .
answers which list the Internet mailing lists and how to subscribe to them .
This is an invaluable resource for finding lists on any topic .
See also references [ 9,13,15 ] in the Selected Bibliography .
- Send subscribe and unsubscribe messages to the appropriate address .
Although some mailing list software is smart enough to catch these , not all can ferret these out .
It is your responsibility to learn how the lists work , and to send the correct mail to the correct place .
Although many many mailing lists adhere to the convention of having a " - request " alias for sending subscribe and unsubscribe messages , not all do .
Be sure you know the conventions used by the lists to which you subscribe .
-
Save the subscription messages for any lists you join .
These usually tell you how to unsubscribe as well .
-
In general , it 's not possible to retrieve messages once you have sent them .
Even your system administrator will not be able to get a message back once you have sent it .
This means you must make sure you really want the message to go as you have written it .
-
The auto - reply feature of many mailers is useful for in - house communication , but quite annoying when sent to entire mailing lists .
Examine " Reply - To " addresses when replying to messages from lists .
Most auto - replys will go to all members of the list .
-
Do n't send large files to mailing lists when Uniform Resource Locators ( URLs ) or pointers to ftp-able versions will do .
If you want to send it as multiple files , be sure to follow the culture of the group .
If you do n't know what that is , ask .
- Consider unsubscribing or setting a " nomail " option ( when it 's available ) when you cannot check your mail for an extended period .
-
When sending a message to more than one mailing list , especially if the lists are closely related , apologize for cross-posting .
-
If you ask a question , be sure to post a summary .
When doing so , truly summarize rather than send a cumulation of the messages you receive .
- Some mailing lists are private .
Do not send mail to these lists uninvited .
Do not report mail from these lists to a wider audience .
-
If you are caught in an argument , keep the discussion focused on issues rather than the personalities involved .
3.1.3 NetNews Guidelines NetNews is a globally distributed system which allows people to communicate on topics of specific interest .
It is divided into hierarchies , with the major divisions being : sci - science related discussions ; comp - computer related discussions ; news - for discussions which center around NetNews itself ; rec - recreational activities ; soc - social issues ; talk - long - winded never - ending discussions ; biz - business related postings ; and alt - the alternate hierarchy .
Alt is so named because creating an alt group does not go through the same process as creating a group in the other parts of the hierarchy .
There are also regional hierarchies , hierarchies which are widely distributed such as Bionet , and your place of business may have its own groups as well .
Recently , a " humanities " hierarchy was added , and as time goes on its likely more will be added .
For longer discussions on News see references [ 2,8,22,23 ] in the Selected Bibliography .
-
In NetNews parlance , " Posting " refers to posting a new article to a group , or responding to a post someone else has posted .
" Cross - Posting " refers to posting a message to more than one group .
If you introduce Cross - Posting to a group , or if you direct " Followup - To : " in the header of your posting , warn readers !
Readers will usually assume that the message was posted to a specific group and that followups will go to that group .
Headers change this behavior .
- Read all of a discussion in progress ( we call this a thread ) before posting replies .
Avoid posting " Me Too " messages , where content is limited to agreement with previous posts .
Content of a follow - up post should exceed quoted content .
- Send mail when an answer to a question is for one person only .
Remember that News has global distribution and the whole world probably is NOT interested in a personal response .
However , do n't hesitate to post when something will be of general interest to the Newsgroup participants .
- Check the " Distribution " section of the header , but do n't depend on it .
Due to the complex method by which News is delivered , Distribution headers are unreliable .
But , if you are posting something which will be of interest to a limited number or readers , use a distribution line that attempts to limit the distribution of your article to those people .
For example , set the Distribution to be " nj " if you are posting an article that will be of interest only to New Jersey readers .
-
If you feel an article will be of interest to more than one Newsgroup , be sure to CROSSPOST the article rather than individually post it to those groups .
In general , probably only five - to - six groups will have similar enough interests to warrant this .
- Consider using Reference sources ( Computer Manuals , Newspapers , help files ) before posting a question .
Asking a Newsgroup where answers are readily available elsewhere generates grumpy " RTFM " ( read the fine manual - although a more vulgar meaning of the word beginning with " f " is usually implied ) messages .
-
Although there are Newsgroups which welcome advertising , in general it is considered nothing less than criminal to advertise off - topic products .
Sending an advertisement to each and every group will pretty much guarantee your loss of connectivity .
-
If you discover an error in your post , cancel it as soon as possible .
- DO NOT attempt to cancel any articles but your own .
Contact your administrator if you do n't know how to cancel your post , or if some other post , such as a chain letter , needs canceling .
-
If you 've posted something and do n't see it immediately , do n't assume it 's failed and re-post it .
- Some groups permit ( and some welcome ) posts which in other circumstances would be considered to be in questionable taste .
Still , there is no guarantee that all people reading the group will appreciate the material as much as you do .
Use the Rotate utility ( which rotates all the characters in your post by 13 positions in the alphabet ) to avoid giving offense .
The Rot13 utility for Unix is an example .
-
In groups which discuss movies or books it is considered essential to mark posts which disclose significant content as " Spoilers " .
Put this word in your Subject : line .
You may add blank lines to the beginning of your post to keep content out of sight , or you may Rotate it .
- Forging of news articles is generally censured .
You can protect yourself from forgeries by using software which generates a manipulation detection " fingerprint " , such as PGP ( in the US ) .
- Postings via anonymous servers are accepted in some Newsgroups and disliked in others .
Material which is inappropriate when posted under one 's own name is still inappropriate when posted anonymously .
- Expect a slight delay in seeing your post when posting to a moderated group .
The moderator may change your subject line to have your post conform to a particular thread .
-
Do n't get involved in flame wars .
Neither post nor respond to incendiary material .
3.2 Administrator Guidelines 3.2.1 General Issues - Clarify any policies your site has regarding its subscription to NetNews groups and about subscribing to mailing lists .
- Clarify any policies your site has about posting to NetNews groups or to mailing lists , including use of disclaimers in .sigs .
- Clarify and publicize archive policy .
( How long are articles kept ? ) - Investigate accusations about your users promptly and with an open mind .
-
Be sure to monitor the health of your system .
- Consider how long to archive system logs , and publicize your policy on logging .
3.2.2 Mailing Lists -
Keep mailing lists up to date to avoid the " bouncing mail " problem .
-
Help list owners when problems arise .
- Inform list owners of any maintenance windows or planned downtime . -
Be sure to have " - request " aliases for list subscription and administration .
-
Make sure all mail gateways operate smoothly .
3.2.3 . NetNews - Publicize the nature of the feed you receive .
If you do not get a full feed , people may want to know why not .
-
Be aware that the multiplicity of News Reader clients may cause the News Server being blamed for problems in the clients .
- Honor requests from users immediately if they request cancellation of their own posts or invalid posts , such as chain letters .
- Have " Usenet " , " Netnews " and " News " aliased and make sure someone reads the mail .
3.3 Moderator Guidelines 3.3.1 General Guidelines -
Make sure your Frequestly Asked Questions ( FAQ ) is posted at regular intervals .
Include your guidelines for articles / messages .
If you are not the FAQ maintainer , make sure they do so .
- Make sure you maintain a good welcome message , which contains subscribe and unsubscribe information .
- Newsgroups should have their charter / guidelines posted regularly .
- Keep mailing lists and Newsgroups up to date .
Post messages in a timely fashion .
Designate a substitute when you go on vacation or out of town .
4.0 Information Services ( Gopher , Wais , WWW , ftp , telnet )
In recent Internet history , the ' Net has exploded with new and varied Information services .
Gopher , Wais , World Wide Web ( WWW ) , Multi - User Dimensions ( MUDs ) Multi -User Dimensions which are Object Oriented ( MOOs ) are a few of these new areas .
Although the ability to find information is exploding , " Caveat Emptor " remains constant .
For more information on these services , check references [ 14,28 ] in the Selected Bibliography .
4.1 User Guidelines 4.1.1 .
General guidelines - Remember that all these services belong to someone else .
The people who pay the bills get to make the rules governing usage .
Information may be free - or it may not be !
Be sure you check . -
If you have problems with any form of information service , start problem solving by checking locally : Check file configurations , software setup , network connections , etc .
Do this before assuming the problem is at the provider 's end and / or is the provider 's fault .
-
Although there are naming conventions for file - types used , do n't depend on these file naming conventions to be enforced .
For example , a " .doc " file is not always a Word file .
- Information services also use conventions , such as www.xyz.com.
While it is useful to know these conventions , again , do n't necessarily rely on them .
- Know how file names work on your own system .
-
Be aware of conventions used for providing information during sessions .
FTP sites usually have files named README in a top level directory which have information about the files available .
But , do n't assume that these files are necessarily up - to - date and / or accurate .
-
Do NOT assume that ANY information you find is up - to - date and / or accurate .
Remember that new technologies allow just about anyone to be a publisher , but not all people have discovered the responsibilities which accompany publishing .
- Remember that unless you are sure that security and authentication technology is in use , that any information you submit to a system is being transmitted over the Internet " in the clear " , with no protection from " sniffers " or forgers .
- Since the Internet spans the globe , remember that Information Services might reflect culture and life - style markedly different from your own community .
Materials you find offensive may originate in a geography which finds them acceptable .
Keep an open mind .
-
When wanting information from a popular server , be sure to use a mirror server that 's close if a list is provided .
-
Do not use someone else 's FTP site to deposit materials you wish other people to pick up .
This is called " dumping " and is not generally acceptable behavior .
-
When you have trouble with a site and ask for help , be sure to provide as much information as possible in order to help debug the problem .
-
When bringing up your own information service , such as a homepage , be sure to check with your local system administrator to find what the local guidelines are in affect .
- Consider spreading out the system load on popular sites by avoiding " rush hour " and logging in during off - peak times .
4.1.2 Real Time Interactive Services Guidelines ( MUDs MOOs IRC ) -
As in other environments , it is wise to " listen " first to get to know the culture of the group .
-
It 's not necessary to greet everyone on a channel or room personally .
Usually one " Hello " or the equivalent is enough .
Using the automation features of your client to greet people is not acceptable behavior .
-
Warn the participants if you intend to ship large quantities of information .
If all consent to receiving it , you may send , but sending unwanted information without a warning is considered bad form just as it is in mail .
-
Do n't assume that people who you do n't know will want to talk to you .
If you feel compelled to send private messages to people you do n't know , then be willing to accept gracefully the fact that they might be busy or simply not want to chat with you .
- Respect the guidelines of the group .
Look for introductory materials for the group .
These may be on a related ftp site .
-
Do n't badger other users for personal information such as sex , age , or location .
After you have built an acquaintance with another user , these questions may be more appropriate , but many people hesitate to give this information to people with whom they are not familiar .
-
If a user is using a nickname alias or pseudonym , respect that user 's desire for anonymity .
Even if you and that person are close friends , it is more courteous to use his nickname .
Do not use that person 's real name online without permission .
4.2 Administrator Guidelines 4.2.1 General Guidelines -
Make clear what 's available for copying and what is not .
- Describe what 's available on your site , and your organization .
Be sure any general policies are clear .
- Keep information , especially READMEs , up - to - date .
Provide READMEs in plain ascii text .
- Present a list of mirrors of your site if you know them .
Make sure you include a statement of copyright applicable to your mirrors .
List their update schedule if possible .
-
Make sure that popular ( and massive ) information has the bandwidth to support it .
- Use conventions for file extensions - . txt for ascii text ; .html or .htm for HTML ; .ps for Postscript ; .pdf for Portable Document Format ; .sgml or .sgm for SGML ; .exe for non-Unix executables , etc. - For files being transferred , try to make filenames unique in the first eight characters .
-
When providing information , make sure your site has something unique to offer .
Avoid bringing up an information service which simply points to other services on the Internet . -
Do n't point to other sites without asking first .
- Remember that setting up an information service is more than just design and implementation .
It 's also maintenance .
-
Make sure your posted materials are appropriate for the supporting organization .
- Test applications with a variety of tools .
Do n't assume everything works if you 've tested with only one client .
Also , assume the low end of technology for clients and do n't create applications which can only be used by Graphical User Interfaces .
-
Have a consistent view of your information .
Make sure the look and feel stays the same throughout your applications .
-
Be sensitive to the longevity of your information .
Be sure to date time - sensitive materials , and be vigilant about keeping this information well maintained .
- Export restrictions vary from country to country .
Be sure you understand the implications of export restrictions when you post .
-
Tell users what you plan to do with any information you collect , such as WWW feedback .
You need to warn people if you plan to publish any of their statements , even passively by just making it available to other users .
-
Make sure your policy on user information services , such as homepages , is well known .
5.0 Selected Bibliography
This bibliography was used to gather most of the information in the sections above as well as for general reference .
Items not specifically found in these works were gathered from the IETF - RUN Working Group 's experience . [ 1 ]
Angell , D. , and B. Heslop , " The Elements of E- mail Style " , New York : Addison - Wesley , 1994 . [ 2 ]
" Answers to Frequently Asked Questions about Usenet " Original author : jerry@eagle .UUCP
( Jerry Schwarz ) Maintained by : netannounce@deshaw.com ( Mark Moraes ) Archive - name : usenet - faq / part1 [ 3 ]
Cerf , V. , " Guidelines for Conduct on and Use of Internet " , at : < URL://http://www.isoc.org/proceedings/ conduct/cerf-Aug-draft.html > [ 4 ]
Dern , D. , " The Internet Guide for New Users " , New York : McGraw - Hill , 1994 . [ 5 ]
" Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette " Original author : brad@looking.on.ca ( Brad Templeton ) Maintained by : netannounce@deshaw.com ( Mark Moraes ) Archive - name : emily - postnews / part1 [ 6 ]
Gaffin , A. , " Everybody 's Guide to the Internet " , Cambridge , Mass. , MIT Press , 1994 . [ 7 ]
" Guidelines for Responsible Use of the Internet " from the US house of Representatives gopher , at : < URL : gopher://gopher.house.gov:70/OF-1%3a208%3aInternet % 20 Etiquette > [ 8 ]
How to find the right place to post ( FAQ ) by buglady@bronze.lcs.mit.edu ( Aliza R. Panitz ) Archive - name : finding - groups / general [ 9 ]
Hambridge , S. , and J. Sedayao , " Horses and Barn Doors : Evolution of Corporate Guidelines for Internet Usage " , LISA VII , Usenix , November 1 - 5 , 1993 , pp. 9 - 16 . < URL : ftp://ftp.intel.com/pub/papers/horses.ps or horses.ascii > [ 10 ]
Heslop , B. , and D. Angell , " The Instant Internet guide : Hands - on Global Networking " , Reading , Mass. , Addison - Wesley , 1994 . [ 11 ]
Horwitz , S. , " Internet Etiquette Tips " , < ftp://ftp.temple.edu/pub/info/help-net/netiquette.infohn > [ 12 ]
Internet Activities Board , " Ethics and the Internet " , RFC 1087 , IAB , January 1989 .
< URL : ftp://ds.internic.net/rfc/rfc1087.txt > [ 13 ]
Kehoe , B. , " Zen and the Art of the Internet : A Beginner 's Guide " , Netiquette information is spread through the chapters of this work .
3rd ed. Englewood Cliffs , NJ. , Prentice - Hall , 1994 . [ 14 ]
Kochmer , J. , " Internet Passport : NorthWestNet's Guide to our World Online " , 4th ed. Bellevue , Wash. , NorthWestNet , Northwest Academic Computing Consortium , 1993 . [ 15 ]
Krol , Ed , " The Whole Internet : User 's Guide and Catalog " , Sebastopol , CA , O'Reilly & Associates , 1992 . [ 16 ]
Lane , E. and C. Summerhill , " Internet Primer for Information Professionals : a basic guide to Internet networking technology " , Westport , CT , Meckler , 1993 . [ 17 ]
LaQuey , T. , and J. Ryer , " The Internet Companion " , Chapter 3 " Communicating with People " , pp 41 - 74 .
Reading , MA , Addison - Wesley , 1993 . [ 18 ]
Mandel , T. , " Surfing the Wild Internet " , SRI International Business Intelligence Program , Scan No. 2109 .
March , 1993 .
< URL : gopher://gopher.well.sf.ca.us:70/00/Communications/ surf - wild > [ 19 ]
Martin , J. , " There 's Gold in them thar Networks ! or Searching for Treasure in all the Wrong Places " , FYI 10 , RFC 1402 , January 1993 .
< URL : ftp://ds.internic.net/rfc/rfc1402.txt > [ 20 ]
Pioch , N. , " A Short IRC Primer " , Text conversion by Owe Rasmussen .
Edition 1.1b , February 28 , 1993 .
< URL : http://www.kei.com/irc/IRCprimer1.1.txt> [ 21 ]
Polly , J. , " Surfing the Internet : an Introduction " , Version 2.0.3 .
Revised May 15 , 1993 .
< URL : gopher://nysernet.org:70/00/ftp%20archives/ pub/resources/guides/surfing.2.0.3.txt>
< URL : ftp://ftp.nysernet.org/pub/resources/guides/ surfing.2.0.3.txt > [ 22 ]
" A Primer on How to Work With the Usenet Community " Original author : chuq@apple.com ( Chuq Von Rospach ) Maintained by : netannounce@deshaw.com ( Mark Moraes ) Archive - name : usenet - primer / part1 [ 23 ]
Rinaldi , A. , " The Net : User Guidelines and Netiquette " , September 3 , 1992 .
< URL : http://www.fau.edu/rinaldi/net/index.htm> [ 24 ]
" Rules for posting to Usenet " Original author : spaf@cs.purdue.edu ( Gene Spafford ) Maintained by : netannounce@deshaw.com ( Mark Moraes ) Archive - name : posting - rules / part1 [ 25 ]
Shea , V. , " Netiquette " , San Francisco : Albion Books , 1994 ?. [ 26 ]
Strangelove , M. , with A. Bosley , " How to Advertise on the Internet " , ISSN 1201 - 0758 . [ 27 ]
Tenant , R. , " Internet Basics " , ERIC Clearinghouse of Information Resources , EDO - IR - 92 - 7 .
September , 1992 .
< URL : gopher://nic.merit.edu:7043/00/introducing.
the.internet/internet.basics.eric-digest>
< URL : gopher://vega.lib.ncsu.edu:70/00/library/ reference/guides/tennet > [ 28 ]
Wiggins , R. , " The Internet for everyone : a guide for users and providers " , New York , McGraw - Hill , 1995 .
6.0 Security Considerations
Security issues are not discussed in this memo .
7.0 Author 's Address Sally Hambridge Intel Corporation 2880 Northwestern Parkway SC3 - 15 Santa Clara , CA 95052 Phone : 408-765-2931 Fax : 408-765-3679 EMail : sallyh@ludwig.sc.intel.com
Previous : RFC 1854 - SMTP Service Extension for Command Pipelining Next : RFC 1856 - The Opstat Client - Server Model for Statistics Retrieval RFC Index | Usenet FAQs | Web FAQs | Documents | Cities | Restaurant inspections ]
Small houses challenge our notions of need as well as minimum - size standards
- - Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Small houses challenge our notions of need as well as minimum - size standards 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
Down a rambling residential road on the outskirts of Sebastopol , the dream house sits like a testament to discriminating taste .
This dream house is the love child of artist - builder Jay Shafer , who lovingly hand - crafted it .
The stainless - steel kitchen , gleaming next to the natural wood interior , is outfitted with customized storage and built-ins .
From his bed , Shafer can gaze into the Northern California sky through a cathedral window .
In his immaculate office space , a laptop sits alongside rows of architectural books and magazines -- many featuring his house on the cover .
And from the old - fashioned front porch , he can look out on a breathtaking setting : an apple orchard in full bloom .
But in an era when bigger is taken as a synonym for better , calling Shafer 's home a dream house might strike some as an oxymoron .
Why ?
The entire house , including sleeping loft , measures only 96 square feet -- smaller than many people 's bathrooms .
But Jay Shafer 's dream is n't of a lifestyle writ large but of one carefully created and then writ tiny .
Shafer , the founder of Tumbleweed Tiny Houses , began his love affair with diminutive dwellings about 10 years ago when teaching drawing at the University of Iowa in Iowa City .
" I was living in an average - sized apartment and I realized I just did n't need so much space , " he said .
" I always envied people who had smaller homes , because they did n't have to do as much housework . "
He bought an Airstream trailer , remodeled it and spent two years suffering the long , bitter winters before conceding that insulation was one amenity he was unwilling to forgo .
" So I started from scratch and built myself a small house , " he told me .
He built the 100 - square - foot home on wheels and parked it on a friend 's farm outside of Iowa City .
Eventually , he moved back into town but not without some difficulty .
" I was n't allowed to put the house on a city lot , because it was too small , " he explained , referring to the minimum - size standards in the codes of many cities and counties across the country .
So he bought a house , put his little house in the backyard and rented out the main house .
By 2000 , he had decided this would be a way to channel his artwork , feed his hunger for simplicity and escape the rental rat race .
After a friend asked him to build a house for him to live in , Shafer launched Tumbleweed Tiny House Co. in 2000 .
The friend went on to become the president of the Small House Society -- and thus was written one more episode of the small - is - beautiful movement .
Shafer began building and designing little houses for people who wanted them as backyard retreats , second homes or primary residences .
Eventually , he sold his own first home because he wanted something smaller and then built himself a 70 - square - foot home on wheels ( now called the XS House on his Web site ) .
" I knew I was going to be traveling out here and did n't know where I was going to put my house , " he explained .
" I wanted for it to fit in a parking place -- actually , I wanted to be able to parallel - park it . "
I 'd heard of getting a car small enough to parallel - park -- but a house ?
Shafer pulled his house out West on a U - Haul and parked it in a public lot smack in the center of Sebastopol , hoping he would meet people sympathetic to the pursuit of the simple life and invite him to live on their property .
It took exactly 20 minutes .
For the next six months , Shafer lived on 40 acres of land with a creek outside the upscale town of Occidental .
He then moved closer to Sebastopol , before selling his home to build his current one -- which he dragged to its current location in an apple orchard .
Over the years , he has built and sold 10 homes and dozens of house plans , which cost about $ 1,000 .
But the real story is that he 's become a poster boy for simple living , with interviews or mentions in This Old House magazine , the New York Times , USA Today , the Wall Street Journal , the Los Angeles Times and , last February , even on " Oprah . "
What 's behind the rush to peek inside Shafer 's tiny living room and grill him about his lifestyle ?
" Our society 's been based on excess for so long , it 's still a somewhat novel idea to live simply , " he said .
At 42 , Shafer has a quiet , boyish presence and the unclouded brow of a man content with his choices .
But he 's also someone who obviously has gone to great lengths to live life according to his own principles -- an intensity seems to flicker in his eyes and in the humility of his explanations .
You wo n't find much in the way of ranting about greed and gluttony .
Though he does sometimes utter words like " excess , " he maintains it 's not for him to judge the needs of others .
" I can't say what the definition of a small house is , " he said .
" Maybe it 's 4,000 square feet , if that 's what it takes to suit their needs .
The idea is that the house is being well - used .
Some people need more space than others . "
Even when asked about the likes of Larry Ellison ( whose recent building plans involve battling for a house bigger than a city block ) , Shafer resisted : " I do n't know his needs . "
Shafer said that small - house fans tend to be a nonjudgmental lot because so many have experienced " discrimination " :
Most building codes across the nation maintain a minimum - size requirement that prohibits the building of very small houses like Shafer's .
Some homeowners associations and towns maintain this high standard in order to maintain high property values -- as well as keep out the affordable - housing riffraff .
This has meant that many tiny - house aficionados only live their dream by skirting the law , living in someone else 's backyard or heading for a rural county with no planning department .
But even in counties where tiny houses are allowed , lenders do n't always look kindly on homes the size of a walk - in closet .
Indeed ,
Shafer knows that some people might even see his house as a threat to their property values :
That was an argument he heard often from his father , who recently sold his 4,000 - square - foot suburban home in Mission Viejo to move into an RV .
Now , Shafer thinks his father may be coming around to understanding the inherent beauty of living small .
Shafer chose Sebastopol in part because he thinks the politically liberal community will be supportive of abolishing minimum - size standards .
His next dream is to create a little community of small houses , with a half - dozen or more connected by walking paths on a small piece of land .
" Trailer parks get a bad rap because they are made of cheap materials , but their structure is very conducive to community , " he said .
" Everyone knows high density is the way to go . "
Indeed , the tiny house may be the antidote to vertical high density in small towns and rural areas where neighborhoods are eager to preserve views and open space .
Unlike in a three - story , lot - covering , mixed - use development , from a cluster of tiny houses , you can still smell the apple blossoms .
NodeBox is developed by the Experimental Media Research Group , a cross-domain research group associated with the Sint Lucas School of arts of the Karel de Grote - Hogeschool ( Antwerp , Belgium ) .
EMRG has been active since 2004 developing NodeBox and doing cutting - edge research in the domain of computer graphics , user experience , creativity , but also in artificial intelligence and natural language processing .
www.emrg.be
The A380 superjumbo requires special pilots
Inside Airbus A380
Airbus said the individual , " not from Europe or the US " , would use the plane for " personal use for him and his entourage " , AFP news agency reported .
The double - decker , which is thought to have cost $ 300 m ( £ 150 m ) , has 900 sq m ( 10,000 sq ft ) in cabin space and has room for up to 840 passengers .
It is expected to take more than a year to convert the jet for private use .
Aage Duenhaupt , a spokesperson for Lufthansa Technik , which turns large commercial planes into private jets , said the majority of clients were originally Middle Eastern .
But using the model as a private jet could be problematic , because its weight and size mean it can only be landed at a limited number of airports , by certain pilots .
Environmental groups were annoyed by the news .
Joss Garman , from Plane Stupid , said that buying a superjumbo for private use was like " buying a filthy coal - fired power station just to use to charge up your mobile phone . "
The model is set to come into use later in 2007 .
Hello , scrobble fans !
Were you wondering where your desktop app updates had gone ?
Well wonder no longer !
With the last major version released back in 2007 ( those were the days , eh ? ) you ’d be forgiven for thinking there were n’t any more coming , but we ’ve actually been hard at work on an update to bring us crashing into 2008 , a little late .
We released this new desktop scrobbler as a beta a little under a year ago and have been spending the time since getting it ready for launch .
A couple of weeks ago ( 15th Jan ) that launch day finally arrived and we pushed it out to everyone on Windows , Mac , and Linux !
If you ’ve not already got it you can head over to our download page for a fresh copy .
Here ’s a Youtube.com video of us reaching 200,000 authenticated users on the new app : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vy_VwcGazE4.
Just look at how much fun we ’re having !
The app comes with a new design and some features we hope you ’ll really love .
There ’s a now playing tab where information about your currently scrobbling track will show up , including related artists , tags , biography , and scrobble statistics .
Tracks played from radio stations will also show you a little context as to why the track is being played .
A scrobbles tab where you can see a history of what you ’ve been scrobbling and find out more about those tracks .
A profile tab where you can see your scrobble charts .
A friends tab where you can see what your friends are listening to and start their library radios .
There ’s also a radio tab where you can start all your usual Last . fm radio stations including a history of your recent ones .
We ’re looking at the app as a baseline with which we can add and improve upon .
There ’s been a few ideas bubbling away that we can’t wait to add , but for now the focus is stability .
With a large change such as this there are bound to be teething troubles and we ’ve been taking your feedback on the client support forum and making sure we address problems and implement anything we might have missed that you loved in the old app .
A reminder that , like our iOS and Android apps , the desktop Scrobbler is open source and hosted on our Last . fm github page ( both the liblastfm and lastfm - desktop repositories make up the desktop app ) where you ’ll also be able to find other things Last . fm have open sourced .
If you ’d like to get involved with development then head over there and fork us !
It ’s been a long road getting to this point and I ’d like to thank all the client team members , contributors , and believers past and present for making it happen .
You know who you are and you ’re all very wonderful !
Last.fm Scrobbler for Linux
We at Last .fm love Linux .
Not only does it power almost all of the server machines that bring Last . fm to you , it is also the operating system of choice of many of our developers at Last .
HQ .
For our desktop application Last.fm Scrobbler , Linux is a first class supported operating system .
The source code is available on GitHub if you want to have a go at building it yourself , but we also provide ready built packages for those of you who are using Debian or Ubuntu .
Just go to http://apt.last.fm and find out how to install them .
Today we release an updated set of packages featuring the latest version of Last . fm scrobbler ( 2.1.33 ) .
We are also proud to release official packages of Last.fm Scrobbler for the Raspberry Pi today .
If you have not heard about Raspberry Pi , it is an ambitious project to bring better teaching of programming and the technology behind computers to children .
The Raspberry Pi Foundation is a charity that has designed and developed a mini computer that costs less than £ 40 and allows not only children to dive into the world of computer programming .
Being so cheap , the Raspberry Pi has also attracted many hackers to make new things based on this mini computer .
Media centre solutions are already very popular , which is not surprising because the Raspberry Pi has a network interface and video and audio outputs .
We now contribute our Last.fm client application to the Raspberry Pi universe .
If you have a Raspberry Pi and are running the Raspbian operating system on it , then head over to http://apt.last.fm quickly and install Last.fm Scrobbler for Raspberry Pi !
” We do n’t do body counts ” General Tommy Franks
Of course the good General was referring to the number of Iraqi Army and insurgents that have been killed as a result of the fighting going on over in Iraq .
As of this writing , conservative estimates put the number of civilian deaths anywhere between sixty and seventy thousand with some estimates going upwards of six hundred fifty thousand .
The number of refugees who have fled their homes is estimated to be over seven hundred and fifty thousand with more and more people leaving everyday .
With all this talk of a troop surge geared to curb the violence going on in and around Baghdad , I thought it might be interesting to take a look at the number of Americans killed and wounded thus far in the fighting along with some quotes by various Administration officials and other such notables about the conduct of the war .
2003
March , – 81 dead , 202 wounded
" My belief is we will , in fact , be greeted as liberators . "
– Vice President Dick Cheney , March 16 , 2003
April – 74 dead , 340 wounded
“ Freedom 's untidy , and free people are free to make mistakes and commit crimes and do bad things . "
– Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld on looting in Iraq after the U.S. invasion , adding " stuff happens , " April 11 , 2003
May – 37 dead , 55 wounded
“ Major combat operations in Iraq have ended ” – President George W. Bush – May 2 , 2003
June– 30 dead , 147 wounded
“ We found the weapons of mass destruction . "
– President Bush , in an interview with Polish television
July – 48 dead , 226 wounded
August - 35 dead , 181 wounded ,
“ Turns out this is our hundredth day since major military operations have ended , ended in Iraq .
And since then , we 've made good progress .
Iraq is more secure . ”
President George W. Bush from his Crawford , Texas ranch
September – 31 dead , 247 wounded
“ Is n't it amazing what 's been accomplished in four - and - a - half months ?
We 've gone from 0 to 55,000 Iraqis that are now providing for their own security : Policemen , border guards , site protection , civil defense , Army . ”
Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld on an interview with Jim Lehrer , September 8 , 2003 .
October – 44 dead , 413 wounded
” Be glad of the good news : America is mired in the swamps of the Tigris and Euphrates . ” Osama bin Laden , October 8 , 2003
November – 82 dead , 336 wounded
“ In Iraq , a ruthless dictator cultivated weapons of mass destruction and the means to deliver them .
He gave support to terrorists , had an established relationship with al Qaeda , and his regime is no more . "
– Vice President Dick Cheney , Nov. 7 , 2003
December – 40 dead , 261 wounded
“ Ladies and gentlemen , we got him , " US administrator Paul Bremer on the capture of Saddam Hussein .
2004
January – 47 dead , 188 wounded
“ Already , the Kay Report identified dozens of weapons of mass destruction - related program activities and significant amounts of equipment that Iraq concealed from the United Nations . "
– President Bush , 2004 State of the Union Address
February – 20 dead , 150 wounded
“ You know , I 'm not going to comment on that . ” – President George W. Bush to NBC ’s Tim Russert on Meet the Press in response to Mr. Russert ’s question on the whereabouts of Osama Bin Laden – February 8 , 2004
March – 52 dead , 324 wounded
“ Those weapons of mass destruction have got to be somewhere ! " — President Bush , joking about his administration 's failure to find WMDs in Iraq as he narrated a comic slideshow during the Radio & TV Correspondents '
Association dinner , March 25 , 2004
April – 135 dead , 1214 wounded
“ It 's not a civil war ; it 's not a popular uprising .
Most of Iraq is relatively stable . ” – President George W. Bush in one of his rare press conferences , April 13 , 2004
May – 80 dead .
759 wounded
Abu Ghraib Prison abuse scandal hits the news , enough said .
June – 42 dead , 588 wounded
” Go fuck yourself . "
– Vice President Dick Cheney to Sen. Patrick Leahy , during an angry exchange on the Senate floor about profiteering by Halliburton , June 25 , 2004
July – 54 dead , 552 wounded
" Give me a chance to be your president and America will be safer and stronger and better . "
-- Still - President George W. Bush , Marquette , Michigan , July 13 , 2004
August – 66 dead , 894 wounded
“ Had we to do it over again , we would look at the consequences of catastrophic success , being so successful so fast that an enemy that should have surrendered or been done in escaped and lived to fight another day . "
— President Bush , telling Time magazine that he underestimated the Iraqi resistance , Aug. 2004
September – 80 dead , 708 wounded
" The enemy understands a free Iraq will be a major defeat in their ideology of hatred .
That 's why they 're fighting so vociferously . "
-- George W. Bush , first presidential debate , Coral Gables , Fla. , Sept. 30 , 2004
October – 64 dead , 650 wounded
" The truth of that matter is , if you listen carefully , Saddam would still be in power if he were the president of the United States , and the world would be a lot better off . "
-- George W. Bush , second presidential debate , St. Louis , Mo. , Oct. 8 , 2004
November – 137 dead , 1431 wounded
" I always jest to people , the Oval Office is the kind of place where people stand outside , they 're getting ready to come in and tell me what for , and they walk in and get overwhelmed in the atmosphere , and they say , man , you 're looking pretty . "
-- George W. Bush , Washington , D.C. , Nov. 4 , 2004
December – 72 dead , 544 wounded
“ As you know , you go to war with the army you have , not the army you might want or wish to have at a later time . "
— Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld
2005
January – 107 dead , 497 wounded
" Because he 's hiding . "
-- George W. Bush , responding to a reporter who asked why Osama bin Laden had not been caught , aboard Air Force One , Jan. 14 , 2005
February – 58 dead , 415 wounded
“ I am not going to give you a number for it because it 's not my business to do intelligent work . "
-- Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , asked to estimate the number of Iraqi insurgents while testifying before Congress , Feb. 16 , 2005
March – 35 dead , 371 wounded
" In this job you 've got a lot on your plate on a regular basis ; you do n't have much time to sit around and wander , lonely , in the Oval Office , kind of asking different portraits , ' How do you think my standing will be ? ' "
-- George W. Bush , Washington , D.C. , March 16 , 2005
April – 52 dead , 596 wounded
" Well , we 've made the decision to defeat the terrorists abroad so we do n't have to face them here at home .
And when you engage the terrorists abroad , it causes activity and action . "
-- George W. Bush , Washington , D.C. , April 28 , 2005
May – 80 dead , 575 wounded
" See , in my line of work you got to keep repeating things over and over and over again for the truth to sink in , to kind of catapult the propaganda . "
-- George W. Bush , Greece , N.Y. , May 24 , 2005
June – 78 dead , 512 wounded
“ I think they 're in the last throes , if you will , of the insurgency . "
-- Vice President Dick Cheney
July – 54 dead , 477 wounded
" The best place for the facts to be done is by somebody who 's spending time investigating it . "
-- George W. Bush , on the probe into how CIA agent Valerie Plame 's identity was leaked , Washington D.C. , July 18 , 2005
August – 85 dead , 541 wounded
” It 's totally wiped out .
...
It 's devastating , it 's got to be doubly devastating on the ground . "
-- George W. Bush , turning to his aides while surveying Hurricane Katrina flood damage from Air Force One , Aug. 31 , 2005
September – 49 dead , 545 wounded
" Brownie , you 're doing a heck of a job . "
-- George W. Bush , to FEMA director Michael Brown , who resigned 10 days later amid criticism over his job performance , Mobile , Ala. , Sept. 2 , 2005
October – 96 dead , 605 wounded
" Bin Laden says his own role is to tell Muslims , quote , ' what is good for them and what is not . ' "
-- George W. Bush , Washington D.C. , Oct. 6 , 2005
November – 84 dead , 400 wounded
" Wow !
Brazil is big . "
-- George W. Bush , after being shown a map of Brazil by Brazilian president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , Brasilia , Brazil , Nov. 6 , 2005
December – 68 dead , 413 wounded
” I think we are welcomed .
But it was not a peaceful welcome . "
-- George W. Bush , defending Vice President Dick Cheney 's pre-war assertion that the United States would be welcomed in Iraq as liberators , NBC Nightly News interview , Dec. 12 , 2005
2006
January - 62 dead , 289 wounded
" As you can possibly see , I have an injury myself -- not here at the hospital , but in combat with a cedar .
I eventually won .
The cedar gave me a little scratch .
As a matter of fact , the Colonel asked if I needed first aid when she first saw me .
I was able to avoid any major surgical operations here , but thanks for your compassion , Colonel . "
-- George W. Bush , after visiting with wounded veterans from the Amputee Care Center of Brooke Army Medical Center , San Antonio , Texas , Jan. 1 , 2006
February - 55 dead , 342 wounded
" People do n't need to worry about security .
This deal would n't go forward if we were concerned about the security for the United States of America . "
-- George W. Bush , on the deal to hand over U.S. port security to a company operated by the United Arab Emirates , Washington , D.C. , Feb. 23 , 2006
March – 31 dead , 496 wounded
" After the bombing , most Iraqis saw what the perpetuators of this attack were trying to do . "
-- George W. Bush , on the bombing of the Golden Mosque of Samarra in Iraq , March 13 , 2006 , Washington , D.C .
April – 76 dead , 433 wounded
" I'm the decider , and I decide what is best .
And what 's best is for Don Rumsfeld to remain as the Secretary of Defense . "
-- George W. Bush , Washington , D.C. April 18 , 2006
May – 69 dead , 442 wounded
" Trying to stop suiciders -- which we 're doing a pretty good job of on occasion -- is difficult to do .
And what the Iraqis are going to have to eventually do is convince those who are conducting suiciders who are not inspired by Al Qaeda , for example , to realize there 's a peaceful tomorrow . "
-- George W. Bush , Washington , D.C. , May 24 , 2006
June – 61 dead , 459 wounded
" I think -- tide turning -- see , as I remember -- I was raised in the desert , but tides kind of -- it 's easy to see a tide turn -- did I say those words ? "
-- George W. Bush , asked if the tide was turning in Iraq , Washington , D.C. , June 14 , 2006
July – 43 dead , 524 wounded
" See , the irony is that what they need to do is get Syria to get Hezbollah to stop doing this shit , and it's over . "
-- George W. Bush , chomping on a dinner roll while talking about the Middle East crisis with British Prime Minister Tony Blair at the G8 summit , St. Petersburg , Russia , July 17 , 2006
August – 65 dead , 586 wounded
" I would guess , I would surmise that some of the more spectacular bombings are done by al Qaeda suiciders . "
-- George W. Bush , on violence in Iraq , Washington , D.C. , Aug. 21 , 2006
September – 72 dead , 791 wounded
" You know , one of the hardest parts of my job is to connect Iraq to the war on terror . "
-- George W. Bush , interview with CBS News ' Katie Couric , Sept. 6 , 2006
October – 106 dead , 780 wounded
" We 're never been stay the course , George . "
-- George W. Bush , attempting to distance himself from what has been his main strategy in Iraq for the last three years , interview with ABC's George Stephanopoulos , Oct. 22 , 2006
November – 70 dead , 548 wounded
" Anybody who is in a position to serve this country ought to understand the consequences of words . "
-- George W. Bush , interview with Rush Limbaugh , Nov. 1 , 2006
December – 112 dead , 699 wounded
2007
January – 83 dead , 635 wounded
" I think that the vice president is a person reflecting a half - glass - full mentality . "
-- George W. Bush , interview on National Public Radio , Jan. 29 , 2007
February – 80 dead , 505 wounded
" And there is distrust in Washington .
I am surprised , frankly , at the amount of distrust that exists in this town .
And I 'm sorry it 's the case , and I 'll work hard to try to elevate it . "
-- George W. Bush , interview on National Public Radio , Jan. 29 , 2007
March – 81 dead , 428 wounded
” Some call this civil war ; others call it emergency -- I call it pure evil . "
-- George W. Bush , Washington , D.C. , March 28 , 2007
April - 104 dead , 634 wounded
" And my concern , David , is several . "
-- George W. Bush , to NBC's David Gregory , Washington , D.C. , April 3 , 2007
" The solution to Iraq -- an Iraq that can govern itself , sustain itself and defend itself -- is more than a military mission .
Precisely the reason why I sent more troops into Baghdad . "
-- George W. Bush , Washington , D.C. , April 3 , 2007
May - 131 , dead , 652 , wounded
" The question is , who ought to make that decision ?
The Congress or the commanders ?
And as you know , my position is clear -- I 'm a commander guy . "
-- George W. Bush , who apparently is no longer " The Decider , " Washington , D.C. , May 2 , 2007
June 101 dead , 730 wounded
" I 've heard he 's been called Bush 's poodle .
He 's bigger than that . "
-- George W. Bush , on former British Prime Minister Tony Blair , as quoted by the Sun newspaper , June 27 , 2007
July 80 dead , 614 wounded
" You know , I guess I 'm like any other political figure : Everybody wants to be loved . "
-- George W. Bush , Washington , D.C. , July 13 , 2007
August 84 dead , 563 wounded
" You see Sunnis who once fought side by side with al Qaeda against coalition troops now fighting side by side with coalition troops against al Qaeda , " -- George W. Bush during his seven hour visit to Iraq , September 3 , 2007
September 62 dead , 358 wounded
" We 're kicking ass . " -- George W. Bush , on the security situation in Iraq , to Australian Deputy Prime Minister Mark Vaile , Sydney , Australia , Sept. 5 , 2007
" I heard somebody say , ' Where 's Nelson Mandela ? '
Well , Mandela 's dead .
Because Saddam killed all the Mandelas . "
-- George W. Bush , on the former South African president , who is still very much alive , Washington , D.C. , Sept. 20 , 2007
October 38 dead , 296 wounded
" I fully understand those who say you can't win this thing militarily .
That 's exactly what the United States military says , that you can't win this military . "
-- George W. Bush , on the need for political progress in Iraq , Washington , D.C. , Oct. 17 , 2007
November 37 dead , 199 wounded
" I think the " surge " is working . " - Long time critic of the Iraq War , U. S Representative John Murtha .
December 23 dead , 209 wounded
2008
January 40 dead , 231 wounded
February 29 dead , 215 wounded
“ That ’s interesting , I had n’t heard that . ” - President George W. Bush on the possibility that gas might hit $ 4.00 a gallon in the near future ...
March 36 dead , 326 wounded
April 52 dead , 323 wounded
" I 'll be long gone before some smart person ever figures out what happened inside this Oval Office . "
-- George W. Bush , Washington , D.C. , May 12 , 2008
May 19 dead , 226 * wounded ( estimate )
" And so the fact that they purchased the machine meant somebody had to make the machine .
And when somebody makes a machine , it means there 's jobs at the machine - making place . "
President George W. Bush , Mesa , Arizona , May 27 , 2008
June 29 dead , 142 wounded
" Goodbye from the world 's biggest polluter . "
-- George W. Bush , in parting words to British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and French President Nicolas Sarkozy at his final G - 8 Summit , punching the air and grinning widely as the two leaders looked on in shock , Rusutsu , Japan , July 10 , 2008
July 13 dead , ??? wounded
" I think it was in the Rose Garden where I issued this brilliant statement :
If I had a magic wand -- but the president does n't have a magic wand .
You just can't say , ' low gas . ' "
-- George W. Bush , Washington D.C. , July 15 , 2008
Somebody , anybody , please put an end to this ....
Update December 15 , 2011
Well , the war in Iraq has officially been declared over .
According to http://antiwar.com/casualties/
here are the number of Americans killed or wounded in the conflict .
Killed - 12,761
Wounded - 33,183 is the " official number " but some estimates are much higher .
I also do n't think that number reflects the soldiers who came home and suffer from Post - traumatic stress disorder or other related illnesses or disease .
Source(s )
April 30 , 2007 Volume 85 , Number 18 pp. 11-17
ACS Meeting News
What Can We Do With Carbon Dioxide ?
Scientists are trying to find ways to convert the plentiful greenhouse gas into fuels and other value - added products
CARBON DIOXIDE is nontoxic , nonflammable , and essentially free for the taking .
Those attributes make it sound like CO 2 could be a great feedstock for making commodity chemicals , fuels , and materials — and it already is playing that role for a few applications .
But there are a few catches .
One is that CO 2 is very stable , which means it takes extra effort to activate the molecule so it will react .
Another reality check is that so much of the unwanted greenhouse gas is escaping into the atmosphere as a consequence of burning fossil fuels that even shunting millions of tons of it each year into making chemicals wo n't have much of a bearing on the gas 's global warming threat .
Courtesy of Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
So what 's one to do with CO 2 ?
C&EN asked that question of a number of chemists and chemical engineers .
These investigators were unanimous on the scope of the CO 2 problem .
They understand that technology to capture large amounts of CO 2 and sequester it deep underground or under the seafloor probably is going to be necessary if humanity decides it wants to reduce the gas 's expected effects on the planet 's climate .
But they also are optimistic that much good could come from a more focused research effort to find new ways to utilize CO 2 as a chemical feedstock .
Scientists have considered CO 2 to be a valuable source of carbon for more than 25 years , though interest in its possibilities has cycled up and down .
In the past decade , several workshops have been held , culminating in reports and review articles on capturing CO 2 and potential uses of the gas .
And at the American Chemical Society national meeting in Chicago last month , the overarching theme of sustainability encouraged a new round of presentations covering a broad array of chemistries related to CO 2 capture , sequestration , and utilization .
" There can be little doubt that CO 2 currently has the highest public profile of any molecule , " chemistry professor Christopher M. Rayner of the University of Leeds , in England , told C&EN .
Rayner served as chairman of a workshop on converting CO 2 into chemicals , held in July 2006 and sponsored by the Royal Society of Chemistry ( RSC ) .
He also published a review article recently on the potential of CO 2 in synthetic organic chemistry ( Org. Proc. Res. Dev. 2007 , 11 , 121 ) .
Since the early 1990s , the number of papers on CO 2 has been rising " almost as fast as the atmospheric level of CO 2 itself , " Rayner said .
This trend reflects the growing effort to develop technologies to separate CO 2 from industrial flue gases .
But part of the rise likely is due to some researchers not understanding that using CO 2 as a raw material " can only have a very limited effect on reducing the greenhouse gas 's contribution to global warming , simply because of the sheer scale of emissions , " he added .
The approximately 115 million metric tons of CO 2 used annually by the global chemical industry really does n't compare to the approximately 24 billion metric tons of annual anthropogenic CO 2 emissions .
Doing the math makes it obvious that CO 2 capture and sequestration will be necessary , regardless of how much CO 2 industry ends up using as a feedstock .
Potentially , however , there are better ways to deal with CO 2 , a growing number of researchers are saying .
" Industrial processes can in principle be developed to have a positive influence on atmospheric CO 2 — we do n't have to bury it all to have an impact , " Rayner said .
" But the products would have to be in high demand . "
Otherwise , large piles of unwanted polycarbonates or " pretty white mountains " of calcium carbonate akin to the White Cliffs of Dover might dot the globe , he mused .
Bulk chemicals already produced routinely from CO 2 include urea to make nitrogen fertilizers , salicylic acid as a pharmaceutical ingredient , and polycarbonate - based plastics , Rayner said .
Carbon dioxide also could be used more widely as a solvent , he added .
For example , supercritical CO 2 ( the state existing at 31.0 °C and 72.8 atm ) offers advantages in terms of stereochemical control , product purification , and environmental issues for synthesizing fine chemicals and pharmaceuticals , Rayner noted .
Other avenues that he mentioned for using CO 2 include oil and gas recovery , enhanced agricultural production , and ponds of genetically modified algae that can convert power - plant CO 2 into biodiesel .
ONE PROJECT Rayner and colleagues from across the U.K. are working on involves catalytic processes for reducing CO 2 to formic acid ( HCO 2 H ) .
Formic acid has potential to power fuel cells for electricity generation and automobiles and as a precursor for other fuels and commodity chemicals , including polymers , he said .
Hydrogen will be needed for the conversion and would have to be sourced from elsewhere , Rayner explained .
" But compared with using hydrogen alone or methanol , we believe formic acid has much greater potential , " he said .
Using CO 2 directly as a chemical feedstock is n't the only option , several chemists pointed out .
The gas can be converted to carbon monoxide , which is considered a more versatile starting material than CO 2 .
Carbon monoxide can be used in a host of organic syntheses , but it 's best known as a component of synthesis gas ( a mixture of CO and H 2 ) , which is an important feedstock in the chemical industry for making hydrocarbons via Fischer - Tropsch reactions .
Lots of opportunities exist , Rayner believes .
" Chemists are uniquely positioned to make fundamentally important contributions to climate change and reduction of CO 2 levels , " he said .
" But an enormous challenge lies ahead . "
" Using CO 2 as a raw material probably is never going to reduce atmospheric CO 2 levels or lessen the effects of CO 2 on climate change ??? the numbers just do n't add up , " cautioned chemical engineer Eric J. Beckman of the University of Pittsburgh .
" But there are places where using CO 2 as a raw material could create needed products .
A bonus will be if such products could be made in a green and economically feasible fashion . "
Progress to that end has been slow and not terribly creative so far , Beckman continued .
" Typically what we have seen is people making things that they are able to make , rather than making things that are truly useful , " he observed .
While much of this research is worthy of publication in top journals , it 's not yet fully addressing real problems and challenges , Beckman said .
" For example , most of these attempts make no mention of carbon — would more CO 2 be generated in the process than is consumed ? "
Target areas should focus on using CO 2 to replace large - volume starting materials derived from petroleum and natural gas , Beckman suggested .
Other possibilities include using CO 2 as a benign solvent .
In both cases , using CO 2 would make sense if it worked just as well as or better than other chemicals and saved energy while lowering overall costs .
One possibility , highlighted in a poster at the ACS meeting by Qunlai Chen , a graduate student in Beckman 's group , is a green process to generate hydrogen peroxide .
Chen described how H 2 O 2 can be made directly from O 2 and H 2 by using noble - metal catalysts in supercritical CO 2 .
Currently , H 2 O 2 is prepared industrially by an oxidation - reduction cycle involving anthraquinone , O 2 , and H 2 , which requires organic solvent and generates waste .
A new alternative route to H 2 O 2 is to generate it directly from H 2 and O 2 in methanol , Chen noted .
But methanol is flammable and has a tendency to oxidize to form by - products .
Thus the CO 2 approach has some merit as a safe way to make H 2 O 2 while reducing waste and energy usage , Beckman said .
In the 1980s , there was a rush to develop supercritical fluid technologies following the success with using supercritical CO 2 to extract caffeine from coffee , Beckman explained .
But this turned out to be " a solution in search of a problem , " he said .
The " feeble " power of supercritical CO 2 to solubilize polar and high - molecular - weight compounds made it suitable only for niche applications , he noted .
Since the early 1990s , the use of surfactants and cosolvents has empowered supercritical CO 2 .
For example , it is now used in DuPont 's polymerization of fluorinated monomers and in dry cleaning , as an alternative to halocarbon solvents .
But using CO 2 as a solvent " seems to have hit a wall , " he added .
" Beyond traditional food processing , we have n't been seeing much in the way of large - scale applications coming out , and funding for such work is down a ton . "
But there 's still potential for large - scale applications to emerge , he said .
" Biomass , methane , and carbon dioxide are huge renewable carbon resources for organic synthesis , " commented chemistry professor Chao - Jun Li of McGill University , Montreal .
" But using a renewable feedstock alone does n't mean a process is green . "
A number of factors still need to be met , including reducing organic solvent use , reducing the number of reactants and reaction steps , reducing energy consumption , and reducing waste .
Greener Carbonates Eghbali and Li fashioned a direct route to cyclic carbonates from an olefin and CO 2 that bypasses the extra step of making an epoxide starting material .
One strategy Li envisions as having some potential in this arena is CO 2 chemistry in which water is the solvent .
In Chicago , Li described a project by Nicolas Eghbali in his group to convert CO 2 and olefins into cyclic carbonates in water ( Green Chem. 2007 , 9 , 213 ) .
This oxidative carboxylation of olefins is not exactly a new approach , he said , but there are few references to it in the chemical literature , and they all report low efficiencies .
Carbonates are useful and often greener substitutes for toxic phosgene ( COCl 2 ) and dimethyl sulfate in a host of chemical reactions , Li said .
They also serve well as solvents , especially in medicines and cosmetics , and they are electrolytes of choice in lithium - ion batteries .
The compounds are prepared readily from CO 2 and an epoxide .
But preparing the epoxide is an extra step that could be avoided , Li explained during his ACS meeting presentation .
" A simpler and cheaper approach would be the direct synthesis of cyclic carbonates from simple olefins instead of epoxides , " he said .
This synthesis also would contribute to a chemical industry goal of developing an inexpensive , direct route to carbonates that avoids COCl 2 or Cl 2 to make the epoxides , as well as eliminating wastes from purification steps .
The reaction can be made greener in several ways , Li pointed out .
First , using water as the solvent in this case is a plus compared with using an organic solvent .
Next , an expensive metal catalyst or metal oxidizing reagent is not needed , as the oxidation can be catalyzed by using an ammonium bromide salt , an amine base , and H 2 O 2 .
Bromine reacts with the olefin in water to form a bromohydrin intermediate ( containing bromine and hydroxyl substituents ) .
The base subsequently deprotonates the hydroxyl group to form an alkoxide that attacks CO 2 to form the cyclic carbonate .
The peroxide serves to reoxidize bromide ions to complete the catalytic cycle , leaving water as the only by - product .
Eghbali and Li have filed a patent on the synthesis .
IN ANOTHER EXAMPLE of CO 2 utilization , Geoffrey W. Coates and his group at Cornell University have spent a decade developing catalysts to incorporate CO 2 into polymers .
Two successes , building on work by other groups dating to the late 1960s , are β- diiminate zinc acetate and salen cobalt carboxylate complexes .
These catalysts promote alternating copolymerization of various epoxides with CO 2 to make biodegradable aliphatic polycarbonates .
The work has been fruitful enough for Coates and former graduate student Scott D. Allen to start a company called Novomer , located in Ithaca , N.Y. , to make specialty polymers using their catalysts .
The polymers , which contain 30 - 50 % CO 2 by weight , have gas - barrier and degradation properties that make them attractive for food packaging , foam - casting to make automotive parts , and electronics processing applications , Coates said .
The polymers also can be used to replace propylene oxide segments in polyurethane foams , which would help cut costs .
The foams are used for insulation and seat cushions , among other applications .
Courtesy of Geoff Coates Versatile Copolymer Coates 's group at Cornell developed a zinc diiminate catalyst ( blue area ) that stitches together CO 2 and propylene oxide into a polycarbonate chain ( red area ) .
" About 150 million tons of plastics is produced globally in a year , and most of it is nonbiodegradable and from energy - intensive processes that use petroleum - based feedstocks , " Coates told C&EN .
" With sustainability a topic of growing importance , we are drawing upon naturally occurring monomers to synthesize biodegradable plastics . "
In one example , Coates and coworkers devised a strategy to use limonene oxide derived from citrus fruit waste as a potential epoxide monomer for copolymerization with CO 2 .
Other research in progress involves developing a catalytic system that can use untreated CO 2 directly from industrial waste streams to make polymers .
Novomer is competing against existing polycarbonate producers , but the company believes its greener approach to reduce energy use , feedstock costs , and waste could help bring down production costs .
Novomer currently is customizing materials for clients , such as Kodak , and working to scale up polymer production .
Coates 's group also is exploring applications in carbon monoxide chemistry that have been highlighted in two recent journal papers and also are being considered for commercialization by Novomer .
In one paper , the researchers describe the first example of converting simple epoxides and CO into a variety of succinic anhydrides ( J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2007 , 129 , 4948 ) .
These one - pot reactions utilize an aluminum - cobalt catalyst to mediate a tandem double carbonylation of the epoxides .
" The work has important implications for biodegradable polyesters , as succinic anhydrides are important feedstocks for those materials , " Coates said .
A second paper summarizes work in Coates 's group and other groups that utilizes homogeneous catalysts for reacting CO with heterocycles , such as epoxides , aziridines , lactones , and oxazolines ( Chem. Commun. 2007 , 657 ) .
Some of the possibilities the Cornell chemists have explored include ring - expansion carbonylations , which yield β- lactone monomers that can be used to make polyesters .
ON A DIFFERENT FRONT , several researchers at the Chicago ACS meeting described work on " artificial photosynthesis , " which in the case of CO 2 involves designing photocatalyst systems that use solar energy to reduce the gas to hydrocarbons .
Considering that the chemical industry is n't likely to put a serious dent in reducing CO 2 emissions by using the gas to make value - added chemicals , " an extremely attractive scenario would be to efficiently produce large quantities of methanol or hydrocarbon fuels directly from captured CO 2 , " noted David C. Grills of Brookhaven National Laboratory .
" This approach has the potential not only to help alleviate global warming but , more important , to address the problem of our rapidly depleting fossil - fuel reserves . "
In Chicago , Grills described research in collaboration with Brookhaven chemist Etsuko Fujita to improve the efficiency of homogeneous rhenium catalysts that photochemically reduce CO 2 to CO .
Fujita has worked for several years exploring the mechanisms and kinetics of CO 2 - to - CO reduction using a variety of metal catalysts .
With these artificial photosystems , she has identified reaction intermediates by using transient and conventional spectroscopic techniques .
" Artificial , bioinspired systems are far less complicated and therefore easier to study than natural photosynthesis , in which sunlight , water , and CO 2 are converted into O 2 and carbohydrates , " Grills told C&EN .
Like a number of other researchers , Fujita has found success by using rhenium tricarbonyl complexes to mediate CO 2 reduction .
The researchers homed in on one set of catalysts bearing bipyridine ( bpy ) ligands , which includes ( bpy ) Re( CO ) 3 and its dirhenium analog .
But the reaction rates for CO production are slow due to the stability of CO 2 , Grills pointed out .
" They are nowhere near efficient enough to use in a practical application , " he said .
One drag on the reaction rates may be the polar organic solvent , such as tetrahydrofuran , which is needed to dissolve the catalyst , Grills explained .
Coordinating solvents such as tetrahydrofuran end up binding to the catalyst metal centers , blocking CO 2 molecules .
Grills , who has a background in working with supercritical CO 2 solvent systems , hit upon the idea to replace the organic solvent with supercritical CO 2 .
" Now , our solvent also is the reactant , and nothing gets in the way , " he said .
The concentration of CO 2 molecules in supercritical CO 2 can be up to 200 times higher than in CO 2 - saturated organic solvents , Grills added , offering the potential to dramatically speed up reactions .
Grills and Fujita , together with collaborator Michael W. George of the University of Nottingham , in England , first had to design new rhenium tricarbonyl complexes with better solubility in supercritical CO 2 , which is a nonpolar solvent with properties similar to hexane .
This was accomplished by using bipyridine ligands bearing long alkyl chains .
Preliminary studies show promising results , Grills reported .
The researchers are able to monitor CO 2 reduction and identify key reaction intermediates by nanosecond time - resolved infrared and UV - visible spectroscopy .
( The apparatus for this work was developed at Nottingham and is shown on this week 's cover . )
David A. Spiel / PNNL
Chasing Mother Nature Pacific Northwest National Lab chemist DuBois monitors palladium - catalyzed reduction of CO 2 to CO in an electrochemical cell , a reaction that partially mimics photosynthesis .
" We do n't have a full story yet , " Grills continued .
The CO 2 - to - CO reduction " is a good first step to work on , " but the ultimate goal would be to develop a system that converts CO 2 directly to methanol or a similar compound that could be used as a fuel , he said .
" That will be quite challenging . "
IN ANOTHER EXAMPLE of attempting to chase after Mother Nature 's methods of capturing CO 2 , organometallic chemist Daniel L. DuBois of the Institute for Interfacial Catalysis at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory spoke about CO 2 reduction in electrochemical cells .
Like that of other groups , DuBois ' idea is to develop a catalyst capable of reducing CO 2 to useful fuels .
In the case of methanol , the six electrons for the conversion could be supplied by a solar photovoltaic device and the six hydrogen ions could come from water , he said .
So far , DuBois and his colleagues have developed palladium catalysts with triphosphine ligands that reduce CO 2 to CO , but they use electrons that flow from a power outlet and hydrogen ions from an acidic solution ( Organometallics 2006 , 25 , 3345 ) .
Because palladium is expensive , DuBois would like to switch to a nickel - based catalyst to make large - scale reduction of CO 2 feasible .
He has his eye on engineering nickel catalysts that resemble the active site in carbon monoxide dehydrogenase enzymes .
The research eventually will have to tackle hydrogenation of CO as well , which would lead to methanol via nickel hydride intermediates , he said .
DuBois is most interested in developing a set of predictive tools to design electrocatalysts that are capable of multiple electron and hydrogen - ion transfers .
These tools would allow scientists to create a variety of catalysts that would make it possible to choose the best fuel for a given application , such as electricity generation or driving automobiles .
Besides methanol , methane , or ethanol from CO 2 , some other examples include hydrogen from water and ammonia from nitrogen , he said .
" If catalytic systems were designed to make these conversions during periods of excess energy production from solar , wind , or nuclear energy , chemical fuels could serve as a form of large - scale energy storage , " DuBois observed .
" In non -fossil - based systems of the future , it will be necessary to reversibly interconvert between these various types of fuels and electricity as needed using inexpensive catalysts . "
The road to determining the future of CO 2 clearly is still under construction .
And chemists are planning a number of other workshops and conferences to help speed up the progress and perhaps redraw the map .
One of these meetings is " Greenhouse Gases : Mitigation & Utilization , " which serves as the joint CHEMRAWN XVII conference and 9th International Conference on Carbon Dioxide .
It is being sponsored by DuPont Canada and Queens University , Kingston , Ontario , and will be held at the university July 8 - 12 .
CHEMRAWN , which stands for Chemical Research Applied to World Needs , is a branch of the International Union of Pure & Applied Chemistry .
The conference will take place six months before the Kyoto protocol commitment period begins .
Signatory governments to the Kyoto treaty are committed to meeting their CO 2 emission targets within the 2008 - 12 period .
The conference aims to address this question :
How will this goal be achieved ?
Cover Story What Can We Do With CO 2 ?
?
Scientists are trying to find ways to convert the plentiful greenhouse gas into fuels and other value - added products .
Greenhouse Gases
Running the numbers on CO 2 emissions .
[ Top of Page ]
by Miguel de Icaza
I just had a realization today .
Microsoft's Avalon is the J2EE of GUI APIs .
Its God 's way of punishing us for replacing the ten commandments with the Design Pattern fad .
We will have to wait a couple of years for the " Rails " of GUI toolkits to come into existance .
In the meantime programmers will pay for their sins .
Avalon marks the end of the American Dream .
In the years B.E. ( Before Ellen DeGeneres ) , the Dinah was the province of mostly polo - shirted women seeking a low - key weekend getaway .
Now , in the years A.L. ( After “ The L Word ” ) , it has been transformed into a fashionable bacchanal , nearly a week long , with celebrity guests like Carmen Electra and Joan Jett , large pool parties and dozens of corporate sponsors , who vie for the attention of a community that is suddenly much more visible , and visibly wealthy .
It ’s Girls Gone Wild for Girls ( and Marketing ) .
“ It ’s greater than a party , ” said Mariah Hanson , a promoter behind the festivities who works under the name Club Skirts .
“ It ’s a really powerful weekend that ’s making a statement that we ’re having a good time , and we ’re going to be together .
And there are a lot of major corporations here , and the more corporations embrace this market , the more it shifts everything .
It gets us closer to civil rights . ”
“ It ’s a lesbian rite of passage , ” agreed Julie Bolcer , the news director of Go ! , a national lesbian magazine , who came to the party .
“ This year I find that the amount of attention that is being paid , the sponsorships that are behind it , it ’s almost palpable .
If one were going to go to the Dinah , this is the year to do it . ”
Just a decade ago , Sports Illustrated caused a financial and social brouhaha with an article in its golf supplement about the party circuit and its affluent , hedonistic attendees .
Image DESERT LIFE
A party at the Wyndham .
Credit ... Angela Jimenez for The New York Times
As one of the first mainstream articles about the event , it drew the ire of prominent sports agents and advertisers , one of which withdrew more than $ 1 million in business , charging that the magazine had a “ condescending mindset ” toward women ’s golf .
In announcement today at the annual JavaOne conference , Sun Microsystems has announced that the Java Development Kit ( JDK ) is now ready for liberation .
Sun has been working towards releasing all of the major components of the Java programming language under the General Public License ( GPL ) , a widely used open - source software license that permits modification and redistribution .
After years of pressure from the open - source community , Sun announced plans last year to release Java under an open - source license .
Despite the skepticism of vocal critics ( including myself ) , Sun is now fulfilling that promise and making it a reality .
This is a major victory for the open - source community and a very promising move from Sun that marks a significant change from the days when the company vocally attacked the GPL and wielded dictatorial control over the future of Java .
Sun is opening the door to broader community participation and making it possible for developers to use , extend , and redistribute Java technologies in a wide variety of new and innovative ways .
It could potentially help expand the reach of Java and make it a more important part of the growing open - source software ecosystem .
Unfortunately , Sun does n't own the rights to all of the code in the JDK .
Although the company attempted to get third - party rights - holders to open up relevant technologies , there are still some components that can't be released under an open - source license .
Sun is eager to work with the open - source community to create open replacements for encumbered components , most of which are related to Java 2D .
Until suitable replacements can be devised , Sun is making Java 2D and other encumbered pieces of the JDK available separately as proprietary plug-ins .
In the years leading up to Sun 's decision to open the Java source code , the company frequently cited compatibility concerns as the primary reason for perpetuating Java 's proprietary status .
Sun was concerned that the ability to modify and redistribute Java components would lead to fragmentation .
Although Sun representatives now say that they do n't anticipate forking , the company is committed to promoting interoperability by encouraging OpenJDK derivatives to use the Sun Java SE 6 Compatibility Kit to test compliance with the official Java Specification .
Sun is also establishing an OpenJDK governance body that will consist of two Sun employees and three members of the external Java community .
Although Sun will appoint the initial temporary members , the OpenJDK community will elect a new board once the rest of the governance model is in place .
But they insisted that the city has good reasons not to tell property owners until it is sure it will acquire their parcels .
If the city informs owners of a possible taking and plans then change , city attorneys argued , the city could be exposed to legal action .
Last updated at 10:15 19 February 2007
A swirling mass of red and blue , this stunning image belies a dark moment in the Universe .
When replicated by the Sun , it will spell the end of life on Earth .
The image , captured by the Hubble Space Telescope , shows in incredible detail the death throes of a star identical to our own sun .
More here ...
Space shuttle Atlantis all set for March launch
The star is ending its life by casting off its outer layers of gas , sending them hurtling though the depths of space .
One day , the Sun will also spew out its superhot contents as it implodes , engulfing and consuming the Earth in the process .
At the end of its life , all that will remain will be its hot core , or white dwarf , similar to the white dot in the centre of the dying star shown .
Known simply as NGC 2440 , the star imploded 4,000 years ago , after burning out the supply of hydrogen it uses as fuel .
But the star was so far away that it has taken this long for the light from it to reach the Hubble telescope which is orbiting the Earth .
Dr Lars Christensen , of the Hubble project , said that a similar fate belies Earth - but not for another five billion years .
' This is just what will happen to our own Sun , ' he said .
' It will collapse into a very dense object , cool down and die . '
The end of life , is however , also the start of life , with the minerals hurled out by the Sun 's collapse providing the building blocks of new life .
Helium , oxygen and nitrogen are among the elements released by the death of a star .
Dr Christensen said : ' Its outer shells will seed the galaxy with complex elements .
' Carbon is also produced in these eruptions , so you can see we get all the main building blocks of life created in these stars .
' They blow apart and seed the universe with them .
' The carbon , nitrogen and oxygen atoms from which we are made were made in stars like these billions of years ago . '
The different elements are clearly visible in the picture of the death of NGC 2440 .
Within the entire structure - known as a planetary nebula - the blue regions are rich in helium , the blue - green regions , oxygen , and the red areas nitrogen and hydrogen .
Dr Stephen Smartt , an astronomer at Queen 's University Belfast , said : ' This is one of the great cycles of birth and death in the universe .
' The atoms that were made inside this star are being sprayed across space and will one day form clouds that will eventually coalesce into other stars , planets and possibly living creatures . '
A coalition of security companies and organisations announced a plan this week to create assessment tests that would certify programmers ' knowledge of secure - coding practices .
The groups , led by the SANS Institute , aim to create a set of four tests covering major programming languages that could give companies a tool to measure software developers ' ability to create secure code .
The tests would also act as a guide to software buyers of the ability of the developers who created the programs , as well as give coders a way to identify gaps in their knowledge of secure programming techniques , said Alan Paller , director of research for the SANS Institute .
" If we are ever going to get ahead of the security problem , we are going to have to take care of the bugs at the development level , " Paller said during a conference call with reporters .
" There are at least a million and a half people writing programs and they all need to know this stuff . "
Dubbed the Secure Programming Skills Assessment ( SPSA ) , the initiative boasts the support of 362 companies , government agencies and universities , according to the SANS Institute .
Among the participants are government contractor MITRE , University of California at Davis , web security firm SPI Dynamics , code auditing firm Fortify Software , the Open Web Application Security Project ( OWASP ) , and consulting firm Booz Allen & Hamilton .
Symantec , the owner of SecurityFocus , has also voiced support for the assessment tests .
The initiative comes as software companies are increasingly being taken to task for the flaws in their programs .
Researchers have used month - long release of daily bugs to highlight the security issues in particular classes of software , specific areas of the operating system and specific languages .
Different programming languages hold different pitfalls for programmers .
Web applications written in the PHP programming language , for example , likely account for about 43 per cent of the more than 8,000 vulnerabilities recorded in 2006 .
While developers using languages such as Java tend to create more secure code , a recent study found that sample programs provided with large Java - based projects still contain a significant number of bugs .
According to the SANS Institute , nearly 85 per cent of all vulnerabilities are due to three common developer errors : input validation , buffer overflows , and integer overflows .
Much of the problem is because computer programmers are not trained in secure programming methods in college courses , said Steve Christey , editor of the Common Vulnerability and Exposures ( CVE ) Project at MITRE .
" Most educational institutions have failed to teach the most fundamental skills in making secure products , " Christey said in a statement .
" There needs to be a revolution . "
Developers can take the Secure Programming Skills Assessment ( SPSA ) in one of four language areas : C/C++ , Java / J2EE , Perl / PHP and .
NET / ASP .
The tests are being designed to be a reliable gauge of a developer 's " expertise in identifying and correcting common programming errors that lead to security vulnerabilities " , according to the SANS Institute .
Three different tests will be developed in each area .
A proctored test that individuals can take at certified testing stations and which will lead to a Global Information Assurance Certification ( GIAC ) in secure programming .
Another test will be available to corporations that want to test their developers ' skills in secure programming .
And a third test will be available as a practice exam to programmers that want to determine on what secure - coding topics they might want to focus .
" Test security is being taken seriously , " the SANS Institute 's Paller said .
" We do n't want test leakage . "
India 's software development outsourcing firm Tata has pledged to test its 60,000 programmers .
Microsoft is the initiative 's notable holdout .
The software giant , which has pioneered the corporate focus on secure coding with its Trustworthy Computing Initiative and the Secure Development Lifecycle ( SDL ) , did not commit to supporting the assessment tests .
" We are pleased that other third parties and vendors are encouraging secure coding practices through certifications , test and services as that broadens the scope of focus on secure coding practices across the industry , " Microsoft said in a statement to Security Focus .
" Microsoft also believes that the best means for ensuring long - term security education is to work collaboratively with academia and experts in that community to make sure that security concepts are integrated as part of a well - rounded program of study . "
Microsoft has trained inhouse developers and key partners in its own secure coding methodology , the Secure Development Lifecycle ( SDL ) , as a way to reduce the number of security holes shipped in its products .
In March , one of the company 's creators of the SDL predicted that the development style will result in half as many flaws in Microsoft 's latest operating system , Windows Vista .
The SPSA exam will be piloted in August in Washington DC and then rolled out worldwide during the remainder of 2007 .
This article originally appeared in Security Focus .
Copyright © 2007 , SecurityFocus
Republican Representative Devin Nunes of California , and my representative , declared this week that he saw progress in Iraq during a recent trip to the Green Zone in Baghdad .
The only places he visited were U.S. military bases .
The conservative Democratic Senator Ben Nelson of Nebraska , Republican Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , and one other House Republican , traveled with Nunes .
The Congressional members did not visit Iraqi markets or neighborhoods .
During their trip at least 687 Iraqis were killed , and nine American service members .
The simple fact remains that you cannot win an illegal war .
When President Bush took the Presidential Oath of Office during his inauguration , he pledged to “ guard against presidential excess or wrongdoing . ”
He also pledged to “ preserve , protect , and defend the Constitution of the United States . ”
If the president “ intentionally ” subverted or undermined the Constitution then he perverted the oath .
Furthermore , Bush also violated the UN Charter by invading and occupying Iraq .
International law experts refer to the invasion and occupation of Iraq as a preventive war .
Preventive war violates the UN Charter .
The preamble states that “ armed force shall not be used , save in the common interest . ”
The second article of the Charter states that member nations must “ refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state , or in any other manner inconsistent with the purposes of the United Nations . ”
The UN Charter prohibits wars which the UN Security Council did not authorize , save for self defense .
The UN Charter is part of US law .
It was signed by then President Harry Truman , and subsequently ratified by the Senate .
The Executive Director of the Meiklejohn Civil Liberties Institute , Ann Fagan Ginger , describes the UN Charter as the “ supreme law of the land . ”
When the Senate ratified the Charter , “ the United States made certain commitments to all other member nations to obey the law set forth in the Charter . ”
According to Richard Falk , retired international law professor , the UN Charter “ carries forward the idea that all wars that are not fought in self defense or with the approval of the UN Security Council are illegal wars … a crime against peace . ”
Falk believes the US has violated the UN Charter by invading and occupying Iraq , and violates the “ spirit and letter of the U.S. Constitution . ”
Former UN Secretary - General Kofi Annan answered yes when he was asked if the invasion and occupation of Iraq were illegal .
“ “ I have indicated it is not in conformity with the UN Charter , from our point of view , and from the Charter point of view it was illegal , ” he went on to say .
A spokesman for Annan , Fred Eckhard said during a September 2004 press conference in New York , “ He has over the past more than a year used the words ' not in conformity with the Charter ' to describe his view of the Iraq war …
His purposes in establishing the UN panel on change was to look at the question of preventive war and try to bring that in conformity with the Charter principles , which do not promote preventive war . ”
In an article for the journal Foreign Affairs , professor of international law at Tufts University , Michael Glennon stated that UN Resolution 1441 which found Iraq in “ material breach ” of past resolutions did not “ explicitly authorize force , however , and Washington pledged to return to the council for another discussion before resorting to arms . ”
Glennon also noted that the UN Charter ’s Article 51 “ permits the use of force only in self defense … if an armed attack occurs against a member of the UN . ”
A treatise by Duncan E.J. Currie who practiced international law for over 20 years referred to the Bush administration ’s preventive war doctrine as “ departure from the prohibition of the use of force under international law ” which is a part of the UN Charter .
Currie described the Bush administration document the “ National Security Strategy of the United States , ” published in 2002 , as implying “ that the U.S… is willing to act beyond the constraints of international law and even beyond limits it has observed in the past . ”
The British law practice Matrix Chambers published four opinions about military force against Iraq .
One of the opinions declared that the “ use of force against Iraq would not be justified under international law ” unless Baghdad directly attacked the U.S. or U.K. , or the UN Security Council “ authorized the use of force in clear terms . ”
They wrote concerning UN Resolution 1441 , “ Russia , China , and France made clear : they did not want the resolution to authorize force . ”
Scott Ritter and other experts on Iraq ’s WMD capabilities
Bush also violated the Presidential Oath of Office by making misleading claims about Iraq .
The Congress authorized the Bush administration to use force against Iraq based on faulty intelligence .
Scott Ritter was the UN ’s top weapons inspector until he resigned in 1998 .
Ritter debunked the administration ’s claims in a series of editorials in various American and British newspapers .
He insisted that there was a “ 90 - 95 percent level of verified disarmament . ”
All chemical weapons Iraq produced pre-1990 “ would have degraded within five years ” except for mustard gas , according to Ritter .
He assured that biological weapons “ would have neutralized through natural processes within three years of manufacture . ”
Furthermore , Ritter declared that the monitoring of Iraq ’s weapons of mass destruction ( chemical and biological weapons ) from 1994 - 1998 did not produce “ any evidence of retained proscribed activity ” by Iraq to reproduce chemical and biological weapons .
Ritter had strong words concerning the Bush administration ’s statements about Iraq ’s WMD capability , namely that the administration “ provides only speculation , ” and failed to provide factual details of their claims .
“ To date no one has held the Bush administration accountable for its unwillingness - or inability - to provide such evidence . ”
The man the Bush administration chose to finish Iraq ’s weapons inspections stated in a report released in 2004 that the ability of Iraq to produce nuclear weapons “ progressively decayed ” since 1991 , and Iraq had not made efforts to restart the program .
Duelfer told a Senate panel in October 2004 , “ We were almost all wrong [ on Iraq ] . ”
The top intelligence official at the U.S. State Department until resigning prior to the 2003 invasion of Iraq , Greg Thielmann , told Frontline the Bush administration diverged from “ the kind of qualified and fairly carefully structured intelligence that they were being provided . ”
Thielmann believed the stories about Iraq ’s attempts to purchase uranium from Niger “ bad intelligence … it was something that made no sense , in terms of the structure of the country that was allegedly planning to provide the uranium . ”
16:20:11 [ Botje ] monads have to be the singly most tutorialized feature _EVER_ 16:20:17 [ monochrom ]
Why would such a mathematical , abstract tool attract so many popular science authors who do not explain the tool in its mathematical , abstract term ? ( from #haskell@irc.freenode.net )
Monads are certainly the single most visible feature of Haskell .
Being the standard tool to tackle the awkward squad ( input / output , concurrency , exceptions , and foreign - language calls ) and producing side - effects in general , every Haskell programmer needs to face monads at some point , and yet the very need to do so appears , for many people , to be a hair shirt to be worn in the name of purity and referential transparency .
There is , of course , a host of reasons for this uneasiness about monads — from its dark and unwieldly name , straight from the depths of category theory to the very culture shock between the imperative world ( where side - effects are trivial and abstraction is fragile and bolted - on ) and the functional world ( where abstraction is trivial and side - effects require deep mathematics ) .
Nevertheless , I feel there ’s an important barrier to understanding monads : its very syntactic sugar .
Do-notation gives monadic programming a pseudo - imperative feel .
Monadic
IO , the way it ’s first presented by the popular tutorials , feels like a bolted - on quasi- imperative mode to Haskell , added as an afterthought due to the need to communicate with the outside , time - indexed world .
Do-notation — and the fact that it ’s introduced in the context of IO — obscures the fact that monads are implemented quite simply in Haskell itself as a type - class and correspond to a simple algebraic structure that models many useful computational phenomena .
The treasure chest is , of course , in the Haddock documentation for Control .
Monad , but to unlock it we first need to un - do do - notation .
There are simple rules for converting function definitions between do and “ bind ” notation ; these can be simply explained , and are documented elsewhere .
What I ’m interested in doing here is not exploring the syntactic conversion , but restating the basic lessons about IO in terms of bind - notation — so the monadic structure can be more clearly seen .
The two most important IO operations are probably putStr and getLine .
These are roughly equivalent in functionality to print and read in Lisp / Scheme , PRINT and INPUT in Basic and so on .
Haskell being a purely - functional , typeful language , these operations are probably expressed as functions whose type is worth examining .
We first examine the type of putStr :
putStr :: String -> IO ()
( We take that the reader already knows how to read a type declaration ) .
Evidently .
putStr has to be something that takes a string as an argument .
The result of that function could be read as “ Outside World ” — in fact , if it was n’t such a verbose expression , OutsideWorld could be a synonym to IO .
Let ’s examine the type of getLine now .
getLine :: IO String
getLine takes no arguments and is merely a string from the outside world .
Being an outsider string , we ca n’t do much with this string , though — which is where monads come along .
Once monadic structure is added to the IO problem , we can use some simple functions to act on the variable , non-referentially transparent , value of getLine .
The first of such function is “ bind ” — named as the infix operator >>= for convenience .
Its type is
(>>= ) :: forall a b . m a -> ( a -> m b ) -> m b
“ Bind ” takes a monadic value ( in our example , an IO String ) , a function that goes from a pure value ( in our case , String ) to a monadic value , and returns a monadic value .
An example of its use follows :
shout = getLine >>= ( putStr . map toUpper )
The first argument to bind is a monadic value of type IO String , and the second argument is the function ( putStr . toUpper ) , which takes a string and produces an IO “ coin ” IO ( ) .
As expected , the type of “ shout ” is an outside - world value — that is , an IO “ coin ” :
shout :: IO ()
The second basic function that defines a monad is return .
Its type is
return :: ( Monad m ) => a -> m a
For example , the type of
superTwo = return " Two "
is trivially
superTwo :: ( Monad m ) => m String
These two functions define entirely a monad ; all other useful monadic functions can be defined from them .
To characterize a proper monad , the following three mathematical properties should apply :
( return x ) >>= f == f x m >>= return == m ( m >>= f ) >>= g == m >>= ( \x -> f x >>= g )
We can , therefore , define monads entirely in Haskell — which shows that it ’s really not a bolted - on feature , but an abstract mathematical structure that exploits Haskell ’s ease with expressing abstract mathematical structures such as rings , borelians , quaternions … and monads :
class Monad m where
(>>= ) :: forall a b . m a -> ( a -> m b ) -> m b
return :: a -> m a
Instances of monad you ’ve probably already worked with in basic Haskell learning are cons-lists ( [ a ] ) , Maybe and , yes , IO .
The way “ bind ” and “ return ” are defined for each specific instance can be found in a monad tutorial .
Not wanting to write yet another monad tutorial , we stick to the IO monad from now on .
From ( >>= ) and return such that the aforementioned properties apply many useful operations can be constructed — extensively documented at the Haddock documentation for Control .
Monad .
For our purposes , we need to study one more function — a variant of “ bind ” that discards the result of its first argument ( the computation to which it ’s being applied ) so that we can simply sequence unrelated operations .
The type of this function is
(>>) :: ( Monad m ) => m a -> m b -> m b
From our description , it ’s trivial to construct ( >> ) :
x >> y = x >>= ( \_ -> y )
This is how , for example , we sequence two putStr operations ( remember that putStr is n’t interested in the ( ) result of a previous putStr ) :
example = putStr " Print me !
" >> putStr " Print me too !
"
We can now construct a simple example of monadic IO in the bind notation :
greet = getLine >>= ( putStr .
( " You 're " ++ ) . (++ " years old !
" ) ) >> putStr " Congratulations !
"
Here , the “ contents ” of the String inside the IO String are used inside of the function
\x -> (( putStr .
( " You 're " ++ ) . (++ " years old !
" ) ) >> putStr " Congratulations !
" ) x .
This , in turn , is interpreted as
( \x -> ( ( putStr .
( " You 're " ++ ) . (++ " years old !
" ) ) x ) >>= ( \_ -> putStr " Congratulations !
" )
which just sequences the two printing actions .
This mathematical structure describing sequencing happens to have , in Haskell , syntactic sugar that allows you to side - step the complicated juggling of parens , lambda abstractions and point - free expressions and notate sequencing in pseudo - imperative ( not quasi- imperative ) form :
greet = do {
age <- getLine ;
putStr ( " You 're " ++ age + + " years old !
" ) ;
putStr ( " Congratulations !
" ) ;
}
Despite its imperative appearance , this is emphatically not imperative code setting a variable : we merely have convenient syntax for storing the result of monadic computations ( here , reading from the “ outside world ” ) in a symbol so we can later manipulate it without passing the argument forward through ever - larger lambda expressions .
Now that the gentle reader is aware of the superficial , throwaway nature of do - notation , he can proceed with his study of basic Haskell or monads .
More importantly , he can later understand what do - notation means when he ’s dealing with useful , nontrivial instances of this mathematical structure like monadic parsers .
In fact , as a matter of intellectual discipline and sanity , I ’d recommend that bind notation was used in every “ toy ” , learning project the aspiring Haskell programmer cooks up in his path until the necessary pile of ever - larger functions really exceeds his mental stack space .
While not absolutely essential to get the simple IO problems done , understanding the fundamental difference between sequencing and side - effects as in a traditional imperative language and the combination of IO functions via the bind operator is of utmost importance in the process of learning to think in Haskell and ditching the “ robot with a detailed recipe ” model of programming .
Story Highlights •
Navy destroyer fires 5 - inch shell into northern Somalia
• Attack is aimed at suspect in twin 1998 African embassy bombings
• No immediate word on results of attack
• Ethiopian forces recently ousted al Qaeda - linked Somali regime
Adjust font size :
( CNN ) -- A U.S. Navy destroyer off the coast of northern Somalia Friday fired on a suspected al Qaeda operative believed to have been involved in the 1998 attacks on U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , sources confirmed to CNN .
There was no immediate word on the results of the attack , which was carried out using one of the destroyer 's 5 - inch guns .
U.S. officials have long suspected that some of those responsible for the embassy attacks have been hiding in the war - torn East African country .
( Map )
The nearly simultaneous bombings on August 7 , 1998 , killed 213 people in Nairobi , Kenya , and 11 in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania .
Among the dead in Nairobi were 12 Americans .
In March , Ethiopian forces crushed an insurgency connected to the Council of Islamic Courts , a hard - line militia that had controlled Mogadishu and much of southern Somalia for six months in 2006 .
The Islamists were driven from power in December by Ethiopian and Somali troops .
U.S. intelligence shows al Qaeda stepped up its operations in Somalia after the Council of Islamic Courts took power , the sources said .
U.S. air strikes in Somalia in January reportedly targeted several suspects in the embassy bombings , but reports that one was killed were not confirmed .
I am frequently asked if the rise of the blogosphere is the death knell for Big Media .
My answer is that Big Media is n't dead ; it 's critically ill but will actually be saved by the transfusion of passion and immediacy of the blogging revolution .
Blogging and the new media are transforming the way news and information are disseminated , as evidenced by the number of traditional media outlets , like this one , dipping their collective toe into the blog pond .
Blogs are by nature very personal - an intimate , often ferocious expression of the blogger 's passions .
You 're much more intimate when you 're writing a blog than when you 're writing a column , let alone a book : the conversational nature of it ; the way that it draws people in and includes them in the dialogue .
You may set out to write about politics but , in the end , you write about yourself ; about the things you care about beyond politics .
And this creates a close bond between blogger and audience .
It really does become conversation .
I 've always enjoyed bringing people together from different parts of my life and facilitating interesting conversations .
In the past , these have taken place around dinner tables .
Now , via cyberspace , those conversations have gone global .
And they are happening in real time .
Just a year ago , I 'd have an idea on a Monday , write a column about it on Tuesday , it would be published on Wednesday ... and readers would respond with letters to the editor two or three days later .
Now , I can get an idea Monday morning , blog about it and immediately get comments .
And these comments then take on a life of their own , as our community of commenters begins responding to each other .
For me , one of the defining moments for the new media came last July , with the London bombings .
Many of the Huffington Post 's London - based bloggers - like Simon Jenkins , Guardian columnist and former editor of the Times - started weighing in with realtime reactions .
I was having my morning coffee and reading my paper copy of the New York Times , which had a front - page photo of Londoners celebrating winning the Olympic bid .
And I thought , what a different picture we'd be seeing at that moment .
It gave me the sense of how anachronistic daily papers have become - and how , when reading them , you really get the sense you 're reading yesterday 's news .
Blogging has empowered the little guy - levelling the playing field between the media haves and the media have - only - a - laptop - and - an - internet connection .
It 's made the blogosphere an invaluable tool for holding the mainstream media 's feet to the fire .
As blogger extraordinaire Glenn Reynolds ( aka Instapundit ) puts it in his new book , An Army of Davids : " Where before journalists and pundits could offer illogical analysis or cite ' facts ' that were in fact false , now the Sunday morning op - eds have already been dissected on Saturday night , within hours of their appearing on newspapers ' websites . "
Bloggers have done the same with politicians .
Witness Trent Lott and the way bloggers turned him from Senate majority leader into political chum by pursuing a story the mainstream media passed on .
That 's another great thing about bloggers : when they decide that something matters , they refuse to let go .
They 're the true pit bulls of reporting .
That kind of relentlessness was never available to me as a newspaper columnist .
When I started blogging about Judy Miller and the New York Times in 2005 , it was something I never could have done as a columnist .
My editors would have said : " Oh , you wrote about her last month . "
Same with Bob Woodward 's involvement in Plamegate .
I first wrote about it on November 16 2005 , then did a follow - up on November 28 .
Then Nora Ephron wrote a blog on him that gained tremendous traction , including being mentioned in Frank Rich 's New York Times column .
By getting on these stories early and staying on them - and by linking to other bloggers covering the story , and having them link back to us - we helped shape and define them .
Bloggers share their work , argue with each other and add to a story dialectically .
It 's why the blogosphere is now the most vital news source in America .
· Arianna Huffington is a US nationally syndicated columnist , author of 10 books and co-founder and editor of the HuffingtonPost.com .
arianna@huffingtonpost.com
The coppery moon was clearly visible across much of Britain
Enlarge Image
The eclipse began at 2018 GMT , with the Moon totally immersed in the shadow of the Earth between 2244 and 2358 GMT .
During " totality " the Moon took on a reddish hue ; the only light reaching its surface by this stage had been filtered through Earth 's atmosphere .
The eclipse was visible from the whole of Europe , Africa , South America , and eastern parts of the US and Canada .
The copper-red Moon was visible across large areas of the UK thanks to clear skies .
Robin Scagell , from the Society for Popular Astronomy , said that it was " one of the best lunar eclipses from Britain for years " .
TOTAL LUNAR ECLIPSE
Occurs when Moon passes into Earth 's shadow Penumbra : Region where Earth blocks some ( but not all ) Sun rays Umbra : Zone where Earth blocks all direct sunlight - total eclipse
Your pictures : Lunar eclipse
Your views of the eclipse
" It was fascinating to watch the Moon 's graceful movement through the shadow of the Earth and check its coppery glow , " he said .
The last total eclipse visible from the UK was back in May 2004 , but it was obscured by cloudy skies .
Lunar eclipses occur when the Sun , Earth and Moon are in a near - perfect line in space .
The Moon travels through the long cone - shaped shadow that the Earth casts in space .
At totality , the only light reaching the Moon 's surface has been refracted through the Earth 's atmosphere .
The appearance of the lunar surface varies according to how much dust is in the Earth 's upper atmosphere .
For example , following major volcanic eruptions , the Moon appears to be a deep red and almost invisible .
As there have not been any recent sizeable eruptions , astronomers had predicted that the Moon would be bathed in a bright orange light .
In Belgium , about 200 people gathered at the Mira observatory in Grimbergen to witness the eclipse .
KEY TIMES FOR ECLIPSE
Moon enters penumbra : 2018 Moon enters umbra : 2130 Totality begins : 2244 Mid-eclipse : 2321 Totality ends : 2358
Moon leave umbra : 0111 Moon leaves penumbra : 0224 ( All times are in GMT )
" We were especially concerned about whether our equipment would make it through this kind of weather , " he said .
" But then , after some clouds , it was all perfect throughout the entire eclipse . "
In Tehran , the director of Iran 's Amateur Astronomy Association , Amir Shirazi , said he and other astronomy fans would be staying up all night to watch .
" This is the last lunar eclipse in the Iranian current year and we are not going to have another beautiful and complete eclipse like this one for five years , " he said .
After Saturday 's eclipse , the next to be seen over western Europe will take place on 21 February 2008 , but in the early hours between 0300 GMT and 0400 GMT .
And though eastern Australia , Alaska and New Zealand missed out on this total lunar eclipse , they will be able to see the next one , due to take place on 28 August .
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook DUBLIN 
Female sharks can fertilize their own eggs and give birth without any sperm from a male shark , according to a new study into the asexual reproduction of a hammerhead in a Nebraska zoo .
The joint Northern Ireland - U.S. research , being published Wednesday in the Royal Society journal Biology Letters , analyzed the DNA of a shark born in 2001 in the Henry Doorly Zoo — in a tank with three potential mothers , none of whom had contact with a male hammerhead for at least three years .
Analysis of the baby shark 's DNA found no trace of any contribution from a male partner .
Shark experts said this was the first confirmed case in a shark of parthenogenesis , which derived from the Greek means " virgin birth . "
Asexual reproduction is common in some insect species , rarer in reptiles and fish , and has never been documented in mammals .
The list of animals documented as capable of the feat has grown in line with the numbers being raised in captivity — but until now , sharks were not considered a likely candidate .
" The findings were really surprising because as far as anyone knew , all sharks reproduced only sexually by a male and female mating , requiring the embryo to get DNA from both parents for full development , just like in mammals , " said marine biologist Paulo Prodahl , of Queen 's University of Belfast , Northern Ireland , co-author of the report .
Before the study , many shark experts had presumed that the Nebraska birth involved a female shark 's well - documented ability to store sperm for a lengthy period of time .
Doing this for six months is common , while three years would be exceptional , they agreed .
The lack of any paternal DNA in the shark ruled out this possibility .
" We were all very skeptical about these reports , about the possibility of a so - called virgin birth in a shark , because sharks have this unusual ability to store sperm for months if not years .
So this finding is new and definitely unexpected , " said Bob Hueter , director of the Center for Shark Research at the Mote Marine Laboratory in Sarasota , Florida , who was not involved in the project .
The report's other co-author , Mahmood Shivji of the Guy Harvey Research Institute in Dania Beach , Florida , said the finding explained growing numbers of reports of mystery , male - free shark births in conditions of captivity .
Shivji said the research " may have solved a general mystery about shark reproduction , " because it suggests that sharks can " switch from a sexual to a non-sexual mode of reproduction . "
But he said this was not necessarily a positive ability because baby sharks produced only by the mother suffer from " reduced genetic diversity . "
Genetic diversity makes living creatures better able to adapt to threats , such as disease .
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Enlarge By Joe Cavaretta , AP file The Shark Reef at Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas featured a new great hammerhead shark in 2003 .
A new study of a hammerhead at a Nebraska zoo found it was capable of ' virgin births . '
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Browse our thoughtfully curated list of the coolest gadgets and new inventions in 2020 from around the web .
* Update : Check availability due to COVID - 19 .
IT IS a truism that people and forests do not mix , particularly in the tropics .
But just how true is this truism ?
And to the extent that it is true , what is its cause ?
One hypothesis is that population growth is the underlying problem .
More people per square kilometre puts more pressure on the land .
Another theory is that forest loss is an example of “ the tragedy of the commons ” — the idea that resources that do not clearly belong to an individual or a group are likely to be overexploited , since conserving them is in no individual user 's interest .
That would be true regardless of population density , unless it were very low indeed .
To distinguish between these hypotheses , a group of Swedish and Malagasy researchers led by Thomas Elmqvist of Stockholm University decided to try to correlate changes in Madagascar 's forest cover with local population densities and customary laws .
Their results have just been published in the Public Library of Science .
Dr Elmqvist and his colleagues collected their information on forest cover from space — or , rather , they looked at the photographic archives of the Landsat programme , a series of American satellites that has been observing the Earth since 1972 .
They picked three sets of Landsat photographs of the Androy region of southern Madagascar , taken in 1984 , 1993 and 2000 .
The photographs in question were taken in visible green light and two different frequencies of infra-red light .
Together , these three frequencies provide a reliable indication of vegetation type , so the team was able to calculate the area of forest in each of the three years .
To obtain population densities they turned to another archive , the LandScan Global Population Database , maintained by Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee .
For local customary law and social institutions , however , they had no choice but to put their boots on and go and ask .
AFP
Happy cohabitation
By talking both to people in authority ( government officials and clan leaders ) and to those who did the actual work of exploiting the forests for timber , firewood and grazing ( mainly women and the young ) , the researchers were able to get an idea of who had access to forest resources , which rules regulated access , who enforced the rules , and to what extent the rules were actually enforced .
From the Landsat images they were able to distinguish areas of forest loss , forest gain and stable cover .
Different parts of Androy exhibited different patterns .
The west showed a continuous loss .
The north showed continuous increase .
The centre and the south appeared stable .
Damagingly for the population - density theory , the western part of the region , the one area of serious deforestation , had a low population density .
This is not to say that a thin population is bad for forests ; the north , where forest cover is increasing , is also sparsely populated .
But what is clear is that lots of people do not necessarily harm the forest , since cover was stable in the most highly populated area , the south .
The difference between the two sparsely populated regions was that in the west , where forest cover has dwindled , neither formal nor customary tenure was enforced .
In the north — only about 20 km away — land rights were well defined and forest cover increased .
As with ocean fisheries , so with tropical forests , everybody 's business is nobody 's business .
SEE THE FULL FAMILY TREE
Mammals family tree [ 1.6MB ]
Use zoom tool to see mammal details on the circle 's edge Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
One theory had suggested the rise of the mammals was directly linked to the disappearance of the dinosaurs .
The evidence challenging the connection comes from the most complete family tree compiled for mammals .
It shows how different groups , such as primates and rodents , are related and when they diverged .
An international team compiled the mammal " supertree " from existing fossil data and from genetic analyses .
Throughout the Cretaceous Period , when dinosaurs walked the Earth , mammals were relatively few in number , and were prevented from diversifying and evolving in ecosystems dominated by the ancient reptiles .
Explosive evolution
According to the established view , the extinction of the dinosaurs removed this constraint , allowing mammals to diversify and flourish , and placing them on course to their present position of dominance on Earth .
Under this model , placental mammals split into major sub - groupings , which originated and rapidly diversified after the mass extinction event - thought to have been caused by an asteroid or comet striking Earth 65 million years ago ( a point in time recorded in rocks and referred to by geologists as the K - T boundary ) .
Co-author Kate Jones , from the Zoological Society of London , told the BBC Radio 4's Leading Edge programme : " The meteor impact that killed off the dinosaurs has traditionally been thought to have given mammals the edge they needed . "
Some mammals did benefit from the demise of the dinosaurs
More details
After the origin of these sub - groups - or orders - the rate of mammal evolution fell and remained low again until the Eocene Epoch , 55 million years ago .
The start of the Eocene was marked by rapid global warming and an explosion in the diversity of mammal lineages .
" The [ supertree ] is a new way of showing all the mammal species on the planet , starting with a common ancestor .
Species relationships can be inferred from morphological characteristics and genetic sequences , " explained Dr Jones .
" If we had done this from scratch , we would have had to get molecular and morphological data for 4,000 different species .
" What we did instead was use already published information from hundreds of researchers around the world .
We used a new technique called supertree construction which allows us to get all the information that 's out there , re-code it and re-analyse it as if it 's all part of one dataset . "
' Straw man ' theory
The composition of rocks and marine sediments laid down at the boundary between the Palaeocene and Eocene epochs shows that global temperatures rose by around six degrees Celsius in less than 1,000 years - an event known as the thermal maximum .
Dr Rob Asher , an expert on mammalian phylogeny at the University of Cambridge , said : " Palaeontologists have known for over a hundred years that not all modern placental mammal groups appear right after the K - T boundary .
" Most orders of placental mammals - what I mean by that is cats and bats and whales and people - appear at the Eocene .
On the flipside , not all dinosaurs disappear at the end of the Cretaceous .
" There was a period of several million years at the end of this period which witnessed several extinctions of non-avian dinosaurs .
So the old textbook idea that at the K - T boundary dinosaurs disappeared and mammals appeared is a bit of a straw man . "
But the idea that mammal fossils from the Cretaceous represent ones ancestral to today 's mammals was a controversial question , said Dr Asher .
This site requires the Flash 8 player .
Download it here .
LOS ANGELES , May 2 —
As they gather Thursday night at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library for their first debate , the Republican presidential candidates are thrilled at the chance to associate themselves with Reagan .
But they may not be able to escape the challenge created for them by the current president .
As much as Iraq or health care or any other issue , the question of how to deal with President Bush is vexing the Republican field .
Do they embrace him as a means of appealing to the conservative voters who tend to decide Republican primaries ?
Or do they break from him in an effort to show that they will lead the nation in a new direction ?
Do they applaud his policies or question his competence — or both ?
Already , the leading candidates are showing clear divisions on that score .
In formally announcing his candidacy last week , Senator John McCain of Arizona , without naming Mr. Bush , attacked the performance of the White House at home and abroad .
In doing so , he separated himself from his two main rivals , Rudolph W. Giuliani and Mitt Romney , who have chosen to stick close to Mr. Bush , or at least to avoid breaking openly with him .
Aides to the candidates , who spent Wednesday in Southern California preparing for the debate , said they expected Mr. Bush and his record to be present in spirit when they began taking questions .
Mr. McCain ’s advisers said their candidate , who spent the day at his condominium in Coronado , expected — and welcomed — an opportunity to expand on his differences with the White House .
NuMI - Neutrinos at the Main Injector
The NuMI Beamline is a facility at Fermilab , near Chicago , which uses protons from the Main Injector accelerator to produce an intense beam of neutrinos which are utilized by the MINOS Experiment ; the neutrino beam is directed along a line connecting the two endpoints of the experiment .
MINOS - Main Injector Neutrino Oscillation Search
The MINOS Experiment is a long - baseline neutrino experiment designed to observe the phenomena of neutrino oscillations , an effect which is related to neutrino mass .
MINOS uses two detectors , one located at Fermilab , at the source of the neutrinos , and the other located 450 miles away , in northern Minnesota , at the Soudan Underground Mine State Park in Tower - Soudan .
Mountain View , CA – Google announced today that soon customers of their Gmail service will have their storage size increased to " infinity plus one . "
The announcement comes shortly after Yahoo's announcement that their Yahoo mail customers would be given unlimited storage .
Greg Tomkins , an engineer at Google , is credited with coming up with the " infinity plus one " idea .
" I was out in the yard when my kids ran up to me yelling at each other .
My son said to my daughter , ' I hate you to infinity . '
She replied , ' I hate you to infinity plus one . '
And right then I knew I had the solution to competing with unlimited storage , " said Tomkins .
He continued saying that his son's idea about putting " dragons and Pokémon " on the Gmail pages did n't go over as well with management .
Tomkins also said that they would be using new RAID technologies which allow them to store copies of e-mail in parallel universes .
This means that if their servers crash they will be able to recover your data from another universe where they have n't .
" Once your Yahoo e-mail box is full , you 'll be able to transfer it to Gmail and add one more message , " said Tomkins .
" Those Yahoos will have a hard time beating that . "
Related News Top 11 Google Products We 'll Never See Google Acquires Gun Company Just to Screw with People 's Heads Irrational Building Number Causes Tragedy at Googleplex
When contacted about the Google announcement , a Yahoo representative said , " We will be making an announcement shortly about our million - trillion - billion infinity storage , " and added , " Neener , neener , neener . "
Not to be left out of the storage bonanza , a Hotmail representative said that while they " ca n't offer unlimited storage , they can delete all your e-mail at random intervals in conjunction with their Live OneCare service , to make sure you never run out of space . "
Story Options : Related Discuss Share Print
Apple 's surprise announcement of a $ 299 “ iTV ” set top box was a confusion for some because Apple did n't call it what it really is : the Video Airport Express .
Here 's a closer look at the new device , and how it fits in with Apple ’s online media strategy .
Big Little Package
Apple did n't advertise the full specs on the device , only showing off what looked like a thin slice of a Mac mini , with networking , USB , audio and video ports , and a brief demonstration of its extended Front Row interface .
Sometimes saying a little says a lot .
This is n't a Mac .
There is n't room for an optical drive ; its nearly the size of one itself .
Further , there is n't enough room inside for a general purpose Intel Core processor and necessary cooling , or other typical PC hardware .
It even has the power supply transformer built in , so it only uses a thin power cable .
This is an appliance , the video Airport Express : it lacks everything else .
It has no dedicated display , and no user interface beyond the simple TiVo - like Front Row .
It uses a remote control , not a keyboard , so it only needs a single USB port , possibly for printer sharing or disk storage .
This is designed to stick next to a TV , just as the AirPort Express hid behind a stereo .
Why is n't it ready yet ?
PC critics have asked how the iTV would be any different from existing wireless extenders .
Well for starters , it 's not here yet .
That ’s right :
Apple very uncharacteristically announced plans for a product that wo n't be available for possibly another six months , the first quarter of 2007 .
How is it that Apple could be struggling to ship something that already commonly exists elsewhere ?
Why has Apple pre-announced it as a product rather than directing all the attention to the revamped iPods and the new game and movie downloads ?
As I pointed out in Why Apple is Winning in Media Downloads , wireless distribution is a key part of Apple 's download media strategy .
The outstanding problem of course , was presented in A Visual Comparison of CD , DVD , HD and iTMS : video is simply really big , vastly larger than audio data .
While 802.11g , aka Airport Extreme , is good enough for AirTunes audio streaming , it is n't really good enough for streaming video .
Yes , it can in ideal conditions , but only at very low quality , and not very reliably .
In order to stream movies around , users will want at least 100 mbit/s Fast Ethernet speeds .
However , running network cables around is n't always desirable or even possible .
Further , it detracts considerably from the convenience of using iTMS for content .
Apple needs wireless distribution to ice the iTMS cake .
Airport Express Extreme !
Apple 's new iTV is being held up , I believe , because Apple is waiting to deliver 802.11n , the next major jump in wireless networking .
As I noted earlier , the n standard is n't going to be finalized until early 2007 .
While some vendors are releasing " pre-n " wireless equipment in advance of the standard , I believe Apple is holding off to make sure their equipment will be widely compatible and not interfere with existing networks .
Apple helped to pioneer 802.11 b under the brand AirPort , and was among the first to productize 802.11g under the AirPort Extreme name .
The newer Macs also have 802.11a , a business - oriented version of wireless networking that offers g speed on a different radio frequency .
Apple initially skipped supporting a , partly because it does n't work well in consumer settings ( its higher radio frequency is blocked and absorbed easier ) , but since it is supported for free in modern wireless chips , Apple now throws in a , along with b and g support in the Intel Macs .
Here 's a comparison of the maximum and typical speeds of a , b , g and n , compared with the network cable speeds of Fast Ethernet and Gigabit Ethernet :
Going Wireless with n
Comparing the major jump in the speed of n , it 's clear that it would be much better suited for wireless video distribution .
Existing wireless video products , such as Sony 's LocationFree , can wirelessly send TV quality video to Sony displays , or even beam TV across the Internet to remote tablet TVs or a remote laptop .
To do this using existing wireless technology however , Sony has to effectively limit the bitrate of video to 300 kbit /s .
That 's a lower bandwidth threshold than the typical iTMS TV programming Apple was selling .
Sony 's product is sold as a convenience and novelty .
Sony also has a very different business model and product lineup than Apple ; Sony sells TVs , stereos and other AV equipment .
LocationFree is a cool way to stream a signal to play on various TVs , and a way for Sony to sell their AV gear to TV viewers who might want to watch their cable TV programming from a distant hotel room .
Apple does n't sell TVs , or receivers , or any other AV gear , apart from the iPod , iMacs , and some speaker systems .
Apple is developing a business in online movie and TV programming .
Current programming was designed for the iPod display , or a dock - connected TV .
Even at this limited TV quality , the content Apple was selling in the iTMS was too much data to reliably stream wirelessly .
Realistically , that quality of video is n't something people want to struggle to watch on their home theater equipment or fancy HDTVs anyway .
It 's VCR quality , and targeted for mobile iPod use .
Yesterday 's announcement to boost Apple 's iTMS video quality into " near DVD - quality " with Dolby surround audio means that Apple is now pushing beyond what the iPod displays natively into a higher quality model that brings Apple into the home theater arena .
In order to make that happen wirelessly , Apple needs a better wireless technology than Airport Extreme can provide .
Apple needs n .
Wireless , Near DVD - Quality
While enough users were satisfied with TV quality video for TV programming , DVDs simply provide much better video ; Apple would have a tougher time selling or DVD purchases .
TV quality movies as an option against Netflix or DVD purchases .
I 've downloaded iTMS TV and short films for viewing on TV and with a standard definition 1024 x 768 video projector .
I also have compressed DVD video to similar TV - quality for use on the iPod ; this level of quality is generally acceptable for some things .
It is distracting for content with sharp details ; ending credits look mushy for example .
It 's obviously not ideal for watching blockbuster movies on a big screen .
Apple struck a balance between its existing TV quality downloads and the much larger requirements of DVD or HD quality video , by offering content that rivals DVD , but is still small enough to use on the iPod .
Users of 5G ipods will be happy to hear that the new higher quality video used for iTMS TV and movies will play back on their existing iPods just as before .
This near DVD - quality video will also enable Apple to wirelessly deliver movies from a Mac to a stereo and TV , creating a workable solution for users who want an easy way to watch iTMS content , along with their iTunes , photos , home movies and everything else , in the same way the AirPort Express ' AirTunes currently streams music .
But Wait , There 's More
Many consumers will want options beyond downloadable movies however .
An increasing number of people want a system able to take full advantage of their HD ready displays or projectors , something that downloads can't effectively do .
Rather than locking users into a single option of downloadable content , Apple has borrowed a page from the iPod strategy book : give users a choice .
Apple outfitted the new device with HDMI and component video .
If all the iTV could do was 640 x 480 iTMS video , Apple would have simply used a VGA adapter or super video connector , just like the existing iPod dock .
It is quite obviously designed to play HD content .
Apple even demonstrated the iTV playing back HD content .
That ties this new device into a blossoming platform outlined by Front Row : it plays local videos , DVDs , HD trailers , and now , near DVD quality downloadable movies and TV .
Users wo n't have to choose , they can have it all .
As with the existing iPod and Airport Extreme , users can buy music online , use their existing collection , keep buying CDs , or any type of combination .
Why Announce It Now ?
Apple could have released iTV today as an Ethernet only device , but that would have served a much smaller need .
What 's the point of running an Ethernet cable to a box cabled to a TV , instead of simply running a video cable directly to the remote TV , and not needing a box at all ?
The iTV is largely about offering wireless playback , following an identical model to AirTunes .
That hinges all the holdup on wireless n , with the capacity to deliver competitive video quality .
Apple is also no doubt polishing its Front Row software to perform well as an appliance system for wirelessly connecting to shared content on a Mac , browsing trailers on the web , navigating around photos and music , and hopefully , streaming playback from a remote Mac ’s DVD player .
Apple announced the iTV so that users would know Apple has a strategy for delivering wireless content at a higher quality than existing systems .
That 's the most roadmap information Apple has provided in the consumer space in a while , and is a welcomed change .
Now that Apple has set a pattern of consistently delivering progressive development throughout its product line , it has more freedom to announce future directions and expect consumers to have confidence in Apple 's ability to actually deliver them .
Open Apple
It would be smart for Apple to encourage electronics manufacturers to support a standard control protocol for wirelessly sharing and advertising their content via Bonjour and Front Row , just as Apple got printer manufacturers to support automatic discovery using Bonjour .
Imagine home theater components , from TVs and stereos to cable boxes , which all listened for instructions from a Front Row device like the iTV , and could be automated to turn on , record programming , change channels , browse and play stored content using a slick iTV device and a single remote as simple as Apple's .
I really like to hear from readers .
What do you think ?
Leave a comment or email me with your ideas .
Sept 14th Update
iTunes Remote Control
Reader Jody Sweeton pointed out a new feature in iTunes 7 : a preference setting for allowing remote speakers to control iTunes .
Sure looks like this is designed to allow a remote device , say an embedded iTV appliance running Front Row , to send control information to iTunes .
This would do the reverse of what I described as a home media center application of The Xserve mini .
Rather than having a remote server that acts as a central storage system for iLife content , it looks like Apple is presenting a home ’s primary Mac or PC as the digital hub , and positioning the new iTV , and perhaps a new revision of the Airport Express , as a remote player console to manage a central repository on the home computer .
No DVR / PVR or DVD Burner / Ripper ?
Lots of people seem worried that the iTV does n’t have a tuner or hard drive recorder for over the wire or cable TV , nor can it burn , play , or rip DVDs .
Well , it also ca n’t browse the web .
Fortunately , any Mac or PC can do all of those things .
This device is a video Airport Express , remember ?
It ’s a way to wirelessly beam high quality audio and video ( as well as photos and music ) from a Mac or PC for output to a television and stereo system .
A lot of effective engineering is about knowing when to stop adding features .
I ’m also compelled to point out that I think the iTV should be called Airport AV .
Remember that the point of the Airport Express is to not just beam audio , but to beam any music , including DRM iTMS songs , to remote speakers .
It does this by encrypting the data between iTunes and the Airport Express .
The iTV will do the same encrypted streaming ; that means Apple can play DVDs from a Mac , and hopefully a PC , remotely to the device without facing the wrath of studios worried about users somehow using the DVD in ways they failed to lock down in insane ways .
Apple might even be able to get away with adding DVD ripping to iTunes , if it encoded the resulting iPod - sized rips to use FairPlay to prevent wholesale duplication and “ sharing ” of movies .
Of course , tools like Mac the Ripper and Handbrake also exist , so its not really necessary .
Many readers also pointed out that the obvious point of the USB connector was to directly connect an iPod dock .
That makes sense .
Indian State To Shoot Rhino Poachers On Sight
African one - horned rhino .
Russian hunter kills rare leopard Vladivostok , Russia ( AFP ) April 23 - A Russian hunter has shot and killed a rare Amur leopard in the far - east of the country , one of only around 30 left in the wild , the World Wide Fund For Nature said on Monday .
The hunter shot the female in the back in mid-April and finished it off by hitting it repeatedly over the head with a heavy object , WWF said in a statement .
The incident occurred in the Barsovy national park near the Chinese border , and was the third such incident in the area in the past five years , WWF far - east coordinator Sergei Khokhriakov said .
According to the latest report from Russian and US researchers , there are between 25 and 34 of these animals living in three nature reserves along the Amur river .
Poachers can sell a dead Amur leopard for up to 50,000 dollars ( 37,000 dollars ) .
If caught , they risk a fine of just 20,000 rubles ( 800 dollars ) , according to Russia 's ecological watchdog Rosprirodnadzor .
by Staff Writers
Kaziranga ( AFP ) India , April 23 , 2007
An Indian state has ordered the wardens of a national wildlife park to shoot poachers of endangered one - horned rhinos on sight , officials said Monday .
" A massive anti-poaching operation has been launched with orders issued to shoot - on - sight any unauthorised person inside Kaziranga 's premises , " Rockybul Hussain , northeastern Assam state 's forest minister , told AFP in the reserve .
Six rhinos have been killed by poachers in the 430 - square - kilometre ( 166 - square - mile ) Kaziranga park since January , including two in the past 10 days .
Hussain said he had deployed 50 rangers and 30 soldiers for anti-poaching operations in Kaziranga , home to an estimated 1,855 rhinos .
Experts believe the rhino 's horns , which are purportedly an aphrodisiac , are smuggled to China or sold in other clandestine Asian markets .
Buyers from the Middle East also use the horns to make ornamental dagger handles .
Estimates suggest the horns can sell for up to 35,000 dollars per kilogramme ( 2.2 pounds ) .
Five rhinos were poached last year and seven were killed in 2005 .
About 500 rhinos have been killed by poachers over the past 20 years , according to government estimates .
Kaziranga lies some 220 kilometres ( 158 miles ) east of Assam 's largest city of Guwahati .
India 's western state of Gujarat is also battling poachers .
It stepped up security in its Gir forest reserves last week following the mysterious deaths of around a dozen rare Asiatic lions .
Source : Agence France - Presse
Improving Your Financial Life is Achievable
The essential element is that you must be committed to improving your financial life .
I will show you that it is not difficult .
Patience , planningÂ and persistance will get you there .
Â PersonalÂ FinanceÂ is not taught in school and so many peopleÂ continually make financial mistakes that can easily be remedied with the right information .
Â MyÂ background is in the financial industry , but you do n’t need any special expertise to improve your financial life .
Steps to Improving Your Financial Life
1. Credit Cards .
Do n’t carry a balance .
Credit card rates will quietly but forcefully strip away your ability to save .
Only buy what you can afford to pay at the end of the month .
Credit card rates will quietly but forcefully strip away your ability to save .
Only buy what you can afford to pay at the end of the month .
If you have a balance and you have some type of savings ( bank , brokerage , mutual fund ) , use that savings to pay off the debt .
That savings is money you ’ve already spent .
If you do n’t you ’re losing hard earnedÂ money .
The caveat is if you have a loan rate that is lower than the rate of return you are earning on your savings then it ’s ok to carry the debt , for example , if you are about to use the money to buy a home .
( bank , brokerage , mutual fund ) , use that savings to .
That savings is money you ’ve already spent .
If you do n’t you ’re losing hard earnedÂ money .
The is if you have a loan rate that is lower than the rate of return you are earning on your savings then it ’s ok to carry the debt , for example , if you are about to use the money to buy a home .
If you ca n’t pay off your balance , find the lowest rate that you qualify for and move the debt to that lower rate .
Then pay off that loan .
2. Buy a Home , Do n’t Rent
Why throw rent money into the garbage … ” bye , bye ” … when you can grow equity and gain a huge tax deduction instead ?
Most people like what they see when they plug the homeowner ’s tax credit ( usually quite hefty ) into their tax calculator .
There is a lot of hubbub about renting making more sense today than buying because the real estate market has gone down .
… ” bye , bye ” … when you can and gain a ?
Most people like what they see when they plug the homeowner ’s tax credit ( usually quite hefty ) into their tax calculator .
There is a lot of hubbub about renting making more sense today than buying because the real estate market has gone down .
Well remember “ Buy Low , Sell High ? ” Prices are low now .
Now is the time to buy .
It is a “ buyers market ” which means you will have more power to negotiate a lower price .
Use that to your advantage .
Prices are low now .
which means you will have more .
Use that to your advantage .
Yes , you can buy a home !
If you are a first time home buyer , you do n’t need much of a down payment .
Here is an excellent government resource for learning the process of buying a home .
If you thought you could n’t afford it , check again .
You just might be surprised .
Where there ’s a will there ’s a way .
If you are a first time home buyer , you do n’t need much of a down payment .
for learning the process of buying a home .
If you thought you could n’t afford it , check again .
You just might be surprised .
The only caveat regarding renting is if you expect to move within a short period of time .
In that case , you should calculate which choice makes most sense for you .
Here is a calculator that will help you with that decision .
Click on the drop down box and choose “ Rent or Buy ” to access the calculator .
3. Buying Things
Ask : Do I really NEED this ?
Now ?
If not , do n’t buy it .
If not , do n’t buy it .
Ask : Can I buy this USED ?
If so , check out local yard sales , thrift shops , Craigslist , and Ebay .
If so , check out local yard sales , thrift shops , Craigslist , and Ebay .
Ask : Can I get this for FREE ?
Join your local FreeCycle , check out your local library , ask friends , family , neighbors and co-workers if they have what you need ( you never know ! )
Join your local FreeCycle , check out your local library , ask friends , family , neighbors and co-workers if they have what you need ( you never know ! )
If you must buy new , I recommend buying things online .
Two reasons : easy to find the best price and you ’re less likely to get sucked into buying some “ shiny new cool looking thing ” you did n’t need when you walked into the store !
.
Two reasons : easy to find the best price and you ’re less likely to get sucked into buying some “ shiny new cool looking thing ” you did n’t need when you walked into the store !
Remember this :
Shopping should n’t be a “ Hobby . ”
If you want to be a financial winner , do n’t buy into the “ consumer game ” of “ gotta have more , better , shinier , newer ” that makes you poor .
4. Food & Drink
Cook your own food .
It ’s healthier and cheaper .
It takes more time , but planning ahead can make it efficient , such as cooking once a weekÂ and freezing for the week ’s meals .
Check out Once - a - Month cooking for tips on this technique !
It ’s healthier and cheaper .
It takes more time , but planning ahead can make it efficient , such as cooking once a weekÂ and freezing for the week ’s meals .
Check out Once - a - Month cooking for tips on this technique !
Pack Your Lunch – keep it simple and plan ahead .
You ’ll be able to avoid trans fats more easily this way in addition to saving money .
– keep it simple and plan ahead .
You ’ll be able to avoid trans fats more easily this way in addition to saving money .
Make Your Own Coffee !!!
At a minimum $ 3 per day times 250 work days a year is $ 750 .
Compound that over 10 years ( $ 10,980.84 ) , 20 years ( $ 27,831.12 ) Â at 5 % .
Makes you go hmmm , does n’t it .
At a minimum $ 3 per day times 250 work days a year is $ 750 .
Compound that over 10 years ( $ 10,980.84 ) , 20 years ( $ 27,831.12 ) Â at 5 % .
Makes you go hmmm , does n’t it .
Refill Your Own Water Bottle .
This one is easy .
If you can , buy a filter system for your home instead of buying bottled water .
5. Pay Yourself First
Invest the Max in your 401k , especially if your company matches .
That ’s like giving yourself a raise !
, especially if your company matches .
That ’s like giving yourself a raise !
The main concept in David Bach ’s The Automatic MillionaireÂ is to cut out the spending that is not necessary and pay yourself that money instead .
He talks about the “ latte factor . ”
See example below .
and that money instead .
He talks about the “ latte factor . ”
See example below .
Do this exercize : How much do you spend per day , per week , per month on things ?
What does that add up to on a yearly basis ?
What can you cut out ?
Then pay that into an account you wo n’t touch .
How much do you spend per day , per week , per month on things ?
What does that add up to on a yearly basis ?
What can you cut out ?
Then pay that into an account you wo n’t touch .
Example :
Item Cost Per Day Cost per Month Annual Cost Latte $ 3.5 $ 105 $ 1260 Muffin $ 1.5 $ 45 $ 540 Lunch $ 10 $ 300 $ 3600 Cable TV $ 2.67 $ 80 $ 960 Phone $ 1.33 $ 40 $ 480 TOTALS $ 19 $ 570 $ 6840
Analyze your spending .
Research where you can lower service plans , cancel a service plan , orÂ get a better rate .
You ’ll be amazed how the savings can really add up .
Then you ’ll have a downpayment for that home !
Or money to pay off that credit card !
I like using a simple excel spread sheet , but if you want help , here ’s a free online budgeting tool to help you get started .
6. Automobiles
Buy and Hold .
If you must buy a new car , then care for it well Â and hold onto it for as long as you can .
Get the shortest term loan you can afford .
If you must buy a new car , then care for it well Â and hold onto it for as long as you can .
Get the shortest term loan you can afford .
Buy Used !
Buy through the newspaper or Craigslist .
Seek out mature people who have all the maintenance records for the car .
Seek out automobiles that are known for longevity like Toyotas , Honda’sÂ and Volvo’s .
Go to Edmunds for more auto research .
Subscribe for future post on How to Buy a Used Car .
Buy through the newspaper or Craigslist .
Seek out mature people who have all the maintenance records for the car .
Seek out automobiles that are known for longevity like Toyotas , Honda’sÂ and Volvo’s .
Go to Edmunds for more auto research .
for future post on .
Shop Online for the best insurance rates .
for the best insurance rates .
Plan your driving route when doing errands to drive the least amount of miles .
when doing errands to drive the least amount of miles .
Can You Fix it Yourself ?
My dad just saved $ 1300 by changing his own air conditioning coolant on his truck .
The mechanic gave him a $ 1300 estimate .
The coolant cost $ 50 .
Savings : $ 1250 !
If you ca n’t do it , maybe you have a friend who can help you out and swap a favor in return .
7. Entertainment
Public Library :
Free books , videos , and music !
What a concept !
You can usually reserve what you want online and then pick it up quickly on your way home from work or during Saturday errands .
If there ’s something you love , then you can always buy it later … preferably used .
: Free books , videos , and music !
What a concept !
You can usually reserve what you want online and then pick it up quickly on your way home from work or during Saturday errands .
If there ’s something you love , then you can always buy it later … preferably used .
Turn off the TV .
Can we Talk ?
How about some good old conversation ?
Was n’t that the best part of your early romance ?
Is n’t that what we love about when the power goes out ?
Schedule it and do it !
At least once a week !
How about some good old conversation ?
Was n’t that the best part of your early romance ?
Is n’t that what we love about when the power goes out ?
Schedule it and do it !
At least once a week !
Boombox + Friends +
Potluck food & drink = FRUGAL FUN !!!
Try it !
!!!
Try it !
Nature is Calling :
Go discover the local nature walks in your area .
It will make you FEEL GOOD !
Go discover the local nature walks in your area .
It will make you FEEL GOOD !
Check your local paper onlineÂ for free fun things that are going on , like live music , plays in the park , art shows and so on .
If you found this helpful please Share
It below with a digg or bookmark to Delicious .
Subscribe to Life Learning Today for future articles on Simple Budgeting for Hopeless Spenders , How to Buy a Used Car , and Investing Made Easy .
Comments are always welcome .
Please let me know what you think Leo , Clever Dude , and Ririan .
Thank you to recent commenters : Robinson , Dave , and Brian .
Technorati Tags : Budget , Financial , Improve , Personal Finance , Saving
Published online 27 February 2007 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news070226-6
News
The secret to the quality of Wikipedia entries is lots of edits by lots of people
Wikipedia
Why is Wikipedia as good as it is ?
While the debate about precisely what level of goodness that entails has been heated , the free online encyclopaedia offers a better standard of information than many would have expected from a resource that absolutely anyone can write and edit .
Three groups of researchers claim to have untangled the process by which many Wikipedia entries achieve their impressive accuracy 1,2,3 .
They say that the best articles are those that are highly edited by many different contributors .
Listening to lots of voices rather than a few does n't always guarantee the success that Wikipedia enjoys — just think of all those rotten movies written by committee .
Collaborative product design in commerce and industry also often generates indifferent results .
So why does Wikipedia work where others have failed ?
Dennis Wilkinson and Bernardo Huberman of Hewlett Packard 's research laboratories in Palo Alto , California , addressed the specific question of how Wikipedia 's better articles get to be that way .
Specifically , do edits by a ( largely ) unregulated crowd really make an entry better ?
Right now there are around 6.4 million articles on Wikipedia , generated by over 250 million edits from 5.8 million contributors .
Wilkinson and Huberman have studied the editing statistics and found that they do n't simply follow the statistical pattern expected from a random process in which each edit is made independently of the others1 .
Highly edited
Instead , there is an abnormally high number of very highly edited entries .
The researchers say this is just what is expected if the number of new edits to an article is proportional to the number of previous edits .
In other words , edits attract more edits .
The disproportionately highly edited articles , the researchers say , are those that deal with very topical issues .
And does this increased attention make them better ?
So it seems .
Although the quality of an entry is not easy to assess automatically , Wilkinson and Huberman assume that those articles selected as the ' best ' by the Wikipedia user community are indeed in some sense superior .
These , they say , are more highly edited , and by a greater number of users , than the less visible entries .
Who is making these edits , though ?
Some have claimed that Wikipedia articles do n't truly draw on the collective wisdom of its users , but are put together mostly by a small , select élite , including the system 's administrators .
Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales has admitted that he spends " a lot of time listening to four or five hundred " top users .
Aniket Kittur of the University of California , Los Angeles , and co-workers have set out to discover who really does the editing2 .
They have looked at 4.7 million pages from the English - language Wikipedia , subjected to a total of about 58 million revisions , to see who was making the changes , and how .
The results were striking .
In effect , the Wiki community has mutated since 2001 from an oligarchy to a democracy .
The percentage of edits made by the Wikipedia ' élite ' of administrators increased steadily up to 2004 , when it reached around 50 % .
But since then it has steadily declined , and is now just 10 % ( and falling ) .
Weight of numbers
Even though the edits made by this élite are generally more substantial than those made by the masses , their overall influence has clearly waned .
Wikipedia is now dominated by users who are much more numerous than the elite but individually less active .
Kittur and colleagues compare this to the rise of a powerful bourgeoisie within an oligarchic society .
ADVERTISEMENT
This diversification of contributors is beneficial , Ofer Arazy and colleagues at the University of Alberta in Canada have found3 .
In 2005 , when Nature 's news team arranged for expert comparisons between articles in Wikipedia and Encyclopaedia Britannica online , the experts found only a moderate excess of errors in the Wikipedia articles4 .
( The idea that the two sources were broadly similar was vigorously challenged by the Encyclopaedia Britannica ; see http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v438/n7070/full/438900a.html and http://www.nature.com/news/2006/060327/full/440582b.html)
Arazy 's team says that of the 42 Wikipedia entries assessed in the article , the number of errors decreased as the number of different editors increased .
The main lesson for tapping effectively into the ' wisdom of crowds ' , then , is that the crowd should be diverse .
In fact , in 2004 Lu Hong and Scott Page of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor showed that a problem - solving team selected at random from a diverse collection of individuals will usually perform better than a team made up of those who individually perform best — because the latter tend to be too similar , and so draw on too narrow a range of options5 .
For crowds , wisdom depends on variety .
Visit our morethe_wikier .html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
What Steve Jobs is like in a meeting Matt 54 comments Latest by For 5000 bucks
Steve Kemper was given complete behind - the - scenes access to Dean Kamen and the Segway design team during the machine ’s development and wrote about it in Code Name Ginger .
In this excerpt from the book , Kemper describes the meeting where Steve Jobs gave his first impressions .
“ Good morning to everyone , ” said Tim , smiling at the front of the table .
“ Before we start , we ’d like to ask you to hold your questions until after each presentation … Each pitch is about ten minutes . ” …
“ I ca n’t do that , ” said Jobs .
“ I ’m not built that way .
So if you want me to leave , I will , but I ca n’t just sit here . ”
…
“ Because I see a big problem here , ” said Jobs .
“ I was thinking about it all night .
I could n’t sleep after Dean came over . ”
There were notes scribbled on the palm of his hand .
He explained his experience with the iMac , how there were four models now but he had launched with just one color to give his designers , salespeople , and the public an absolute focus .
He had waited seven months to introduce the other models .
…
“ What does everyone think about the design ? ” asked Doerr , switching subjects …
“ I think it sucks ! ” said Jobs .
His vehemence made Tim pause .
“ Why ? ” he asked , a bit stiffly .
“ It just does . ”
“ In what sense ? ” said Tim , getting his feet back under him .
“ Give me a clue . ”
“ Its shape is not innovative , it ’s not elegant , it does n’t feel anthropomorphic , ” said Jobs , ticking off three of his design mantras .
“ You have this incredibly innovative machine but it looks very traditional . ”
The last word delivered like a stab …
” There are design firms out there that could come up with things we ’ve never thought of , ” Jobs continued , “ things that would make you shit in your pants . ”
…
“ I understand the appeal of a slow burn , ” he concluded , “ but personally I ’m a big - bang guy . ”
For the first time that day he smiled .
“ The risk with a fast burn , ” he continued , “ is that it exposes you to your enemies .
You ’re going to need a lot of money to fight thieves . ”
[ thanks , John Koetsier ]
Steve Job 's recent comments about DRM and the music industry have drawn cautious praise from foes of DRM and quick criticism from those who prefer to believe that his comments were only made to diffuse pressure from the European regulators complaining about Apple 's proprietary FairPlay DRM on iTunes purchases .
Anyone who has n't read the article , should .
It provides some interesting insights into Job 's efforts to sell music and why Apple has been able to make money in online downloads while other companies -- that were both larger and ahead of Apple in the online music business -- have been unable to make any progress at all .
DRM as a Business Model
Before Apple released its FairPlay DRM at the unveiling of the originally Mac- only iTunes Store , DRM systems developed by Sony , Microsoft , and others were already established .
The Danger of DRM recounted how Sony and Phillips had tried to introduce DRM - laden digital music formats throughout the 90s , but ended up destroying any market for new digital players .
Sony's MiniDisc , Phillip's DCC , and the two companies ' collaboration on DAT all ended in failure as consumers largely ignored the new digital products rather than quickly leaving their recordable analog cassettes behind .
When the technology to burn CDs was released , the game was over ; MP3s and mix CDs - - devoid of any DRM - - became the new way to listen to music .
At the beginning of the next decade , Microsoft began releasing a new DRM effort referred to as Windows Media .
Ignoring Sony 's previous blunders , Microsoft developed a complex array of DRM security to allow providers to sell any kind of digital media under what ever set of DRM rules suited their fancy .
The result was the failure of the PlaysForSure partnership , followed by a bang - up solo effort in Microsoft 's Zune , which used the same technology but introduced artificial restrictions that prevented the two versions of the same Janus DRM from playing each other 's content .
If we could thaw out some Neanderthals , reanimate them , and teach them our language , they would no doubt quickly grasp why Microsoft failed back to back by repeating a strategy that had failed earlier for Sony .
Apple 's Threat to DRM
It has been no secret that Jobs struggled to convince music executives to sign up with the iTunes store .
Even after several years of rapidly escalating sales , Apple ran into the same difficulties in getting movie executives to add their content .
So far , while iTunes has all the major music labels , it has only signed up Disney and Paramount for movies .
The reason for all the guarded hesitancy by content producers is the fear that Apple would be too liberal in use rights ; once Apple were established as the only company able to successfully sell mass market content online , they worried it would have too much market power and could force content owners to lower prices , give up profits , and relax user restrictions .
That 's a valid concern for producers , because Apple is not really interested in pushing DRM .
It 's not because Apple is holy and righteous , but because Apple makes little money from selling content ; it makes its money selling hardware .
For Apple , being able to sell its hardware requires available content ; that content is a means to an end , not a business plan .
It 's Not Blades and Razors
Analysts have long tried to describe Apple as selling blades and razors , an allusion to Gillette , the razor maker that got rich losing money on razors but made it all back in selling replacement blades .
In the case of Apple , analysts imagine that the same thing is going on , except that Apple makes money on both the razor and the blade because it sells both the player and the music .
Of course , that 's not really a good analogy at all .
Apple makes a lot of money on the iPod , and only breaks even selling songs in the iTunes Store .
That 's not a guess , nor is it a secret .
Apple 's earning reports show quite obviously where the company makes its money .
" Blades and razors " is not just a flawed analogy , but really a completely unrelated business model .
Apple 's iPod business is far closer to how it sells Macs .
In both cases , Apple makes the majority of its money selling hardware , and barely anything selling software .
However , that mostly profitless software is essential to making sure that its hardware actually sells .
It 's Cars and Roads
Apple 's model is closer to the plight of car makers , who are dependent upon the availability of roads .
Making roads is a huge waste of money to an enterprising capitalist .
The only companies in the road making business are either being paid by governments or have some special bit of land that can support a toll road .
In general however , nobody could afford to build networks of roads and sell access to them .
While there is a huge demand for roads , there are no profits , because nobody wants to pay for the roads they use .
So like the equally unprofitable businesses of healthcare , water , and defense , society hands it over to the public sector to maintain .
Yes , there is money to be made in all those industries , but not by taking money directly from consumers to provide them .
In Apple 's case , its cars will sell only if enough roads are available .
Apple ran into difficulty with the Mac in the mid 90s because it was n't paving its own software roads ; it relied upon third party developers to build them .
Once Windows became ubiquitous , many of the roads stopped supporting Macs .
Without enough roads , Apple could n't sell its car .
Apple bounced back by building its own set of roads , which offered a more pleasant drive .
They also were only available to Mac drivers .
Apple has also recently done more to encourage and support third party Mac road construction .
The more software roads to drive upon , the more Macs sell .
Everyone is excited to buy a sexy car , but nobody wants to pay for the use of roads .
Just like road construction , it 's difficult to make money selling software , because while everyone is excited to buy a sexy computer , nobody wants to pay for software licensing .
Free software advocates have worked to build free , public roads available to anyone .
Apple has worked to make sure its
Macs support and leverage the variety of free software already available , and is encouraging its use .
It has contributed back its own technology as well .
High Cost , Low Profit Content
The cars and roads analogy also applies the iPod .
While iPods sell at an easy profit , there simply is n't a lot of money to be made in selling content for it .
There are two main reasons :
• high quality , desirable content -- like software and roads -- is difficult and expensive to produce .
• owners of existing content want money for use of their content , because it cost them a lot of money to make .
Some of the highest regarded content worldwide is government supported : the BBC , and other nationally supported movies and TV offer many examples .
Left to the private sector , content commonly boils down into whatever is cheapest to produce .
American daytime TV turned to soaps , then the much cheaper talk shows , then the even cheaper reality shows in search of a profit .
The BBC is n’t profit motivated to produce trash .
The high cost of content explains why Apple simply can't really churn out its own music and movies for the iPod , just so users can have somewhere interesting to drive .
Apple has to license rights from existing content holders .
That 's why the iTunes Store makes so little money , despite selling hundreds of millions of songs .
The vast majority of that revenue is going to the labels and studios .
Apple is investing the rest back into the iTunes Store so that potential iPod buyers have as many new places to go as possible .
That 's why Apple got behind the entirely profitless podcasting business in iTunes as well .
If there were huge amounts of cash to be made in reselling content online , Apple would be stupid to be pointing people toward free content .
As it is , Apple is smart to be offering alternative content so users will have yet another reason to want to buy iPods .
The fact that the average iPod user only has around 25 tracks -- many none , some a lot -- indicates that online media sales are an accessory business , not a key moneymaker for Apple .
That also explains why Apple has little interest in making sure music and movies are managed by DRM .
The only reason FairPlay is around is to make sure there is content for the iPod .
Had Apple left things to Sony and Microsoft , all the labels would still be struggling to sell their music in WMA and ATRAC formats , which only run on Windows PCs and devices licensed by Sony or Microsoft .
The Mac and iPod would both be left out of the loop on downloadable commercial content .
Apple 's Vendor Lock Is A Better Product
From that perspective , it 's obvious why Jobs announced that Apple would drop its DRM efforts in a hot minute if only it were allowed to by content providers .
As pointed out earlier , it 's a myth that the small proportion of iTunes content on iPods is being used to lock users to the iPod .
Apple is locking in sales by offering a better product .
The fact that Xbox games only work on the Xbox does not prevent Xbox users from also buying a Wii on the side to play Wii games .
The half million additional Macs being sold every quarter to former PC users was not prevented by those PC users having PC software that could n't make the transition .
The DVD was n't held back by the inability of customers to shove VHS tapes into them for playback .
Apple does n't have to force users to buy Macs and iPods with exclusive OEM contracts ; people go out of their way to buy them .
That means Apple is n't afraid of losing its vendor lock , because the only way it can lose sales is by failing to innovate .
Imagine There 's No DRM
So what would happen if labels allowed Apple to sell music and movies without DRM ?
Previous articles have stated that DRM makes viable markets .
If music from iTunes were unrestricted , there would be far more sharing of that music .
However , given that CDs comprise the vast majority of music actually sold , and the triviality of ripping CDs from iTunes and distributing songs without authorization , it 's hard to understand why labels are worried about DRM in iTunes .
If Apple were freed from having to devote its resources to managing and policing DRM , it could focus its efforts on offering a variety of formats , including high definition lossless downloads .
That would expand the demand for online music .
Currently , the only reason why some users do n't buy from iTunes is the limited bitrate .
In an iTunes Store without DRM , would the increase in the amount of stolen music be offset by expanding the market for digital downloads to premium users who want higher quality recordings ?
Given how easy it currently is to defeat FairPlay by simply burning a CD , it 's not hard to imagine that sales might skyrocket if DRM went away , the selection expanded , and other device makers started bundling iTunes for access to an online store for their players .
How No-DRM Would Affect Apple
The main beneficiary to increased iTunes sales would n't be Apple - - which only makes a few cents on every sale -- but rather the record companies themselves , who rake in the majority of iTunes Store revenues .
Further , what would happen to iPod sales if any player could play music obtained from the iTunes Store ?
It could only help the struggling Creative to have access to a store that works .
It might help the Zune , which is currently saddled with a byzantine store supported by an inconvenient points currency .
It certainly would n't benefit sales of the iPod in the least .
So why is Apple describing itself as being behind the defusing of DRM ?
Analysts who accuse the company of vendor lock in , monopolistic behavior , and collapsing sales must all be very confused , because their theories do n't support Apple 's willingness to abandon DRM at all .
How No-DRM Would Affect Microsoft
The world 's leading proponent of DRM , Bill Gates , was credited as the software architect behind Palladium , an ultra secure system for enforcing access controls and DRM in hardware .
A Palladium PC would tell users where they could go , rather than just asking them where they wanted to go .
After being harshly criticized by user rights advocates , Microsoft dialed back its plans for Palladium , but still incorporated strong DRM controls into Vista that seek to clamp down every potential vector for extracting high quality video or audio that is not expressly authorized .
Windows Media similarly strives to maintain its lead as the tightest ship in the DRM armada .
If Apple were allowed by studios and labels to offer music and movies without DRM , Microsoft 's DRM would completely run aground .
Its huge investments in courting the favors of the content industry would be worthless , and its architectures for deploying ultra secure payloads of entertainment would be unsalable .
That suddenly makes it crystal clear why Jobs is disinterested in DRM .
If studios and labels allowed Apple to dump DRM in the iTunes Store , Apple might lose a handful of diehard Creative fans and Zune lovers and face slightly more competition in the music player arena , but that would be a very cheap price to pay for ridding the online music and media industry of the looming 800 lb gorilla .
Microsoft has the billions to hand out free Zunes to everyone in America and cram Zune - branded DRM down everyone 's throat .
So far , the only thing that has held the company back is the hubris that it could beat Apple in the marketplace .
Having failed miserably for two years with PlaysForSure , and then even more spectacularly with its own Zune , Microsoft is now a desperate and angry loose cannon .
The Last Angry Dash
When Microsoft fails in the market , it has a long and documented history of turning to anticompetitive , and even criminal behavior .
The company has tight political ties to the far right and the Bush administration , and is rumored to be pushing the dismissal of state Attorneys General in order to engage Apple in a political imbroglio over its highly hyped options backdating .
Never mind that Microsoft itself danced through its own options backdating during the same era ; Microsoft also skidded through a Federal Monopoly trial and several state cases that all have resulted in nothing more than a few inconsequential fines and done little to prevent further misconduct .
What would happen if Microsoft could marshal the political capital it has paid mightily to accumulate and fire it along with all its rage toward the only company that 's really getting in its way and making it look foolish ?
There are few other weapons for Microsoft to pull out : Vista is being compared to Tiger from two years ago ; its star PC hardware maker Dell has fallen down and can't get up ; and the media has become wise to its FUD and is increasingly difficult to charm with vaporware promises .
But Wait , There Is One More Thing
The threat to DRM is not the only thing that has Microsoft upset .
The next articles show how Apple is targeting another Microsoft mainstay with a missile that may cause far more damage than the iPod and iTunes together .
Next Articles :
This Series
Consider that 60 % of the energy expended by a resting baby is consumed by the baby ’s brain .
A resting adult brain uses 25 % of its energy .
Compare this to the average ape brain , which uses only 8 % of the apes energy .
In short , having a big brain requires a lot of energy .
The June 15 , 2007 edition of Science presents the article “ Food for Thought : Did the First Cooked Meals Helped Fuel the Dramatic Evolutionary Expansion of the Human Brain ? ” [ Most of the articles of Science are only available to paid subscribers online ] .
Richard Wrangham , a Harvard primatologist , realized that when we started pre-digesting our food by heating it , this allowed us to spend less time digesting the food .
From this observation , he realized that this would have given our ancestors a big evolutionary advantage .
“ With cooking , we should see major adaptive changes . ”
What would you do with that extra energy made available by chewing less ?
How about things like cave painting or writing poetry are inventing airplanes ?
Wrangham proposed cooking as one of the answers to a long - standing riddle in human evolution : where did humans get the extra energy to support their large brains ?
“ Even small differences in diet can have big effects on survival and reproductive success , ” Wrangham states .
This article points out that australopithecines , ( which lived from 4 million to 1.2 million years ago ) had brains the size of chimpanzee brains .
About 1.9 million years ago , the brain of H. erectus showed dramatic growth to twice the size of the chimpanzee ’s brain .
It was about this time that archaeological sites showed that H erectus was moving animal carcasses into the campsites for communal eating .
“ It ’s teeth , jaws and guts all got smaller . ”
One prevailing argument is that H. erectus were simply better hunters .
Wrangham argues , however , that we learned to cook between 1.9 million to 1.6 million years ago , and our brains grew suddenly .
Studies show that “ cooking gelatinizes the matrix of collagen in animal flesh and opens up tightly woven carbohydrate molecules and plants to make them easier to absorb . ”
Whereas chimpanzees spent five hours per day chewing food , hunter gatherers who cook only spent one hour chewing each day .
It ’s important to note that H erectus had smaller teeth than that of his ancestors .
The lack of the large teeth characteristic of its ancestor is additional evidence that H. erectus had learned to cook .
Other scientists are showing enthusiasm about Wrangham ’s proposal .
There ’s a problem , however .
There is no clear evidence that anybody was cooking that long ago .
The article details solid evidence for cooking 250,000 years ago in southern Europe and indicates that there is evidence of controlled fire 790,000 years ago in Israel .
Wrangham notes , however , “ that evidence for fire is often ambiguous and argues that humans were roasting meat and tubers around the campfire as early as 1.9 million years ago .
There ’s also a classical approach to the question of where we got extra energy that does not necessarily require the cooking hypothesis .
The theory is that we began to eat more meat .
Eating more meat allowed our guts to shrink , which saves energy for digestion .
This is called the “ expensive tissue hypothesis , ” proposed in 1995 by Leslie Aiello .
This hypothesis is now receiving solid experimental support .
Iraq beginning to export fighters to nearby countries - and beyond RAW STORY
Published : Sunday May 27 , 2007 Print This Email
This " The Iraq war , which for years has drawn militants from around the world , is beginning to export fighters and the tactics they have honed in the insurgency to neighboring countries and beyond , " The New York Times reports .
According to the report , experts now say that the experience that Jihadists are currently gaining in Iraq will become far more problematic than the training Muslim radicals received in Afghanistan 's terrorist camps .
A report written by former State Department intelligence analyst Dennis Pluchinsky in April stated " battle - hardened militants from Iraq posed a greater threat to the West than extremists who trained in Afghanistan because Iraq had become a laboratory for urban guerrilla tactics . "
" Operational parallels " exist between urban terrorist activity in Iraq and the urban environments of Europe and the United States , Pluchinksky said .
" More relevant terrorist skills are transferable from Iraq to Europe than from Afghanistan to Europe , " Pluchinsky wrote .
According to the article , Jordan is one of the first to feel the effects of Iraq 's exported terrorism .
A terrorist plot was recently foiled in which a group of militants from Iraq planned to bomb tourists at an airport .
Captured bomber Muhammad al - Darsi , a militant who sought to kill Americans in Iraq after being freed from prison in Libya , was recruited and trained by Iraqi militants for the purported Jordan attack .
" A recruiter he found on the Internet arranged to meet him on a bridge in Damascus , Syria .
But when he got there , Mr. Darsi , 24 , said the recruiter told him he was not needed in Iraq .
Instead , he was drafted into the war that is seeping out of Iraq , " the Times reports .
" A team of militants from Iraq had traveled to Jordan , where they were preparing attacks on Americans and Jews , Mr. Darsi said the recruiter told him .
He asked Mr. Darsi to join them and blow himself up in a crowd of tourists at Queen Alia Airport in Amman . "
Furthermore , an article published in Monday 's Gulf News posits that members of a Palestinian militant group fighting the Lebanese military previously fought in Iraq and received training in Jordan .
" Primarily made of Sunni Arabs , the resistance group announced its formation last November , shortly after two of its members were arrested by the Lebanese authorities , " Gulf News says .
" Marwan Bishara , Al Jazeera 's Middle East analyst , says the group is trans-national and that many of the fighters have fought in Iraq and have trained in camps in places such as Jordan . "
In 2005 , Iraqi interior minister Bayan Jabur warned that foreign fighters training in Iraq planned to return home to carry out attacks throughout the muslim world .
Jabur specifically indicated that Americans in Yemen and Egypt were likely targets .
Excerpts from the New York Times article : # Some of the fighters appear to be leaving as part of the waves of Iraqi refugees crossing borders that government officials acknowledge they struggle to control .
But others are dispatched from Iraq for specific missions .
In the Jordanian airport plot , the authorities said they believed that the bomb maker flew from Baghdad to prepare the explosives for Mr. Darsi .
Estimating the number of fighters leaving Iraq is at least as difficult as it has been to count foreign militants joining the insurgency .
But early signs of an exodus are clear , and officials in the United States and the Middle East say the potential for veterans of the insurgency to spread far beyond Iraq is significant .
Maj. Gen. Achraf Rifi , general director of the Internal Security Forces in Lebanon , said in a recent interview that ï¿½if any country says it is safe from this , they are putting their heads in the sand .ï¿½ # LINK TO FULL ARTICLE
F LUID P OLYGONS AND P OLYHEDRA
When a vertical water jet strikes a circular horizontal impactor , the water is deflected into a horizontal sheet .
At sufficiently high speeds , the flow results in a circular water sheet , whose radius is set by a balance between inertial and curvature forces .
At lower speeds , the sheet sags significantly under the influence of gravity , and may close , giving rise to a water bell ( Figure 1 ) .
We have conducted a series of experiments in order to investigate the influence of increasing fluid viscosity on fluid sheets and bells .
The circular fluid sheets are marked by an axisymmetry - breaking instability that results in polygonal structures ( Figure 2 ) .
Fluid streams from the sheet , into then along the rim , and finally streams from the corners of the polygon .
In certain parameter regimes , the streams emerging from the corners take the form of a linked chain ( Figure 3 ) .
The minimum number of sides observed on the polygons was four .
By deflecting the sheet from the horizontal , one may produce sagging structures ressembling fluid umbrellas ( Figure 4 ) or fluid parasols ( Figure 5 ) .
Axisymmetry is also broken in the fluid bells , which assume the form of polyhedra ( Figure 6 ) .
This series of photos appears in Buckingham & Bush ( 2001 , Phys .
Fluids , Gallery of Fluid Motion ) .
The results of a combined theoretical and experimental investigation of the polygonal sheets is under review .
all your problems are over
One year ago today : ENEMIES DON'T READ THIS , THIS IS NOT FOR YOU
– Ryan
Through the fathomless deeps of space swims the star turtle Great A'Tuin , bearing on its back the four giant elephants who carry on their shoulders the mass of the Discworld .
A tiny sun and moon spin around them , on a complicated orbit to induce seasons , so probably nowhere else in the multiverse is it sometimes necessary for an elephant to cock a leg to allow the sun to go past .
— Wyrd Sisters ( 1988 )
Welcome to Discworld MUD
Discworld MUD is a multiplayer , text - based , online game ( a MUD , or text MMORPG ) based on the Discworld books by Terry Pratchett .
On Discworld you will meet many of the characters from those books .
Terry 's books are humorous fantasy and the game retains the comical , fun feel of the books .
We are a fully - featured and well - established MUD with many possibilities for player interaction : diverse areas totalling over a million rooms , the opportunity to become a member of one of 6 guilds , a citizen of one of the many city - states on the Disc , run your own shop , own your own house , write for the local newspaper , and much more !
Start Playing
There is no cost to play Discworld MUD , it is developed and maintained entirely by volunteers .
You can login and create a character with any javascript / flash - capable web browser simply by clicking on the ' play now ' link to the left ( an option which uses websockets instead of flash is also available ) .
The ' playing ' menu has links to a number of pages to help you get orientated .
Latest News and Recent Developments
You can also check out our complete recent developments blog for a longer list of recent game changes !
Game Status : Driver rebooted about 4 days ago , 86 people logged in .
Quote of the Moment
" Students ? " barked the Archchancellor .
" Yes , Master .
You know ?
They 're the thinner ones with the pale faces ?
Because we 're a * university *?
They come with the whole thing , like rats — "
— ( Terry Pratchett , Moving Pictures )
Just about everyone who works pays taxes into the fund for federal disability benefits .
But mercifully , relatively few people ever collect .
To qualify , you must be unable to work , and your disability must be of such severity that you ’ll be out for at least a year or you ’re likely to die from it .
Those criteria are tough but necessary to ensure that resources go to the neediest Americans .
In the past several years , however , another hurdle has been erected , one that is unacceptable and inhumane .
Processing delays , mounting since 2000 , have left more than one million applicants languishing without help , some for years .
The most acute bottlenecks are at the appeals level , where the average processing time is now 515 days  compared with 274 days in 2000 .
Such delays are especially pernicious because slightly more than one - quarter of all approved claims are awarded after an appeal hearing , and nearly two - thirds of the people who appeal ultimately prevail .
Without the benefits they are entitled to , far too many applicants get sicker and experience severe economic hardship , including foreclosures and even homelessness .
Some applicants die before their appeals are heard .
The fault lies primarily with Congress .
For many years , lawmakers have consistently cut into the budget for the Social Security Administration , which administers the disability program .
Since 2000 , the cumulative shortfall  the difference between what the agency has asked for and what Congress has appropriated  is $ 4.4 billion , with more than $ 2 billion of that in the last few years .
This week we 're doing something slightly different : movie posters .
I know what you 're thinking , " you do movie posters every week . "
This week , however , the Something Awful Forum Goons recreate many famous movie posters in the classy tradition of grindhouse cinema .
No doubt inspired by the new grindhouse movie that just came out , " Kickin ' it Old Skool . "
Also possibly the movie " Grindhouse " itself , but who is to say .
I sure wo n't .
While there are still laughs to be had , this is mostly just a collection of really awesome lookin ' images .
I hope you enjoy .
A dashing gentleman known as spacemountain got things started with this awesome image .
There 's no going back for Thackery Lambshead now .
blairerickson promised me he would lose some weight if I posted this .
Murder McMurderson is ready to have a good time , ladies .
Marc Hedlund offered some unique advice to web entrepreneurs last month :
One of my favorite business model suggestions for [ web ] entrepreneurs is to find an old UNIX command that has n't yet been implemented on the web , and fix that .
To illustrate , Marc provides a list of UNIX commands with their corresponding web implementations :
Jason Kottke noted that most successful " new " business models on the web are n't new at all -- they 're simply taking what was once private and making it public and permanent :
Blogger = public email messages .
( 1999 ) Instead of " Dear Bob , Check out this movie . " it 's " Dear People I May or May Not Know Who Are Interested in Film Noir , check out this movie .
If you like it , maybe we can be friends . "
Flickr = public photo sharing .
( 2004 ) Flickr co-founder Caterina
Fake said in a recent interview : " When we started the company , there were dozens of other photosharing companies such as Shutterfly , but on those sites there was no such thing as a public photograph -- it did n't even exist as a concept -- so the idea of something ' public ' changed the whole idea of Flickr . "
YouTube = public home videos .
( 2005 ) Bob Saget was onto something .
Twitter = public IM . ( 2006 ) I do n't think it 's any coincidence that one of the people responsible for Blogger is also responsible for Twitter .
But you do n't have to found a new Web 2.0 company to benefit from the power of public information .
Even brick and mortar companies are finally realizing that the age - old principle of " secret by default " may not be the best policy today :
Companies used to assume that details about their internal workings were valuable precisely because they were secret .
If you were cagey about your plans , you had the upper hand ; if you kept your next big idea to yourself , people could n't steal it .
Now , billion - dollar ideas come to CEOs who give them away ; corporations that publicize their failings grow stronger .
Power comes not from your Rolodex but from how many bloggers link to you - and everyone trembles before search engine rankings .
Power , it seems , comes from public information .
Secrets are only a source of powerlessness .
Just ask Brad Abrams , who poses this rhetorical question :
If no one knows you did X , did you really get all the benefits for doing X ?
I think Brad is being a bit too cautious here .
I 'll go one step further .
Until you 've ..
Written a blog entry about X
Posted Flickr photos of X
Uploaded a video of X to YouTube
Typed a Twitter message about X
.. did X really happen at all ?
This is not to say we should fill the world with noise on every mundane aspect of our existence .
But who decides what is mundane ?
Who decides what is interesting ?
Everything 's interesting to someone , even if that someone is only you and a few other people in the world .
It 's my firm belief that the inclusionists are winning .
We live in a world of infinitely searchable micro-content , and every contribution , however small , enriches all of us .
But more selfishly , if you 're interested in deriving maximum benefit from your work , there 's no substitute for making it public and findable .
Obscurity sucks .
But obscurity by choice is irrational .
When in doubt , make it public .
Do you ever get the feeling that you ’re always on camera ?
Well if you do n’t , you should , because you are .
But before you get too worked up about it , set those fears of creeping fascism , and tinfoil hat conspiracy theories aside for a moment and put Big Brother to work for you .
Last month I got a call from a co-worker who was standing in the parking garage about a block away , where we both park our cars .
” Dude , I think somebody just nailed your car .
Blue BMW 2002 ?
Plate number blah blah blah ?…. Yeah … ”
By the time I had finished working on what I had to get done before I went home , I had already calmed down from my initial shock and anquish , and really just had a sort of morbid curiosity about the damage , along with some sadness for my car and myself , since I do n’t carry collision insurance on that car , and it was likely to cost me alot of money .
Among the debris next to my car there was a hub cap .
I did n’t recognize the logo on the hucap , but as I relayed the details of the event over IM , one friend told me that it was an early nineties Mazda , and another ponted me to the hubcaps.org site , where you can find every hubcap imaginable along with some useful meta data .
So , I knew that the slimy , piece of spineless , irresponsible scum , otherwise known as the hit and run driver , had a thing for the 93 - 97 Mazda MPV minivan .
The following day I printed out a picture of a typical 93 - 97 Mazda MPV , along the following report and gave a copy to both the parking garage management , and to the head of security in the office building where I work :
Incident Description : March 9 , 2005 Buttler Garage , 9th floor South .
My car was backed into a parking space , there was a dark colored vehicle backed into the space to the left of my car when I left it there at 12:00 pm .
I got a call at about 5:15 pm from a friend who was leaving the garage and noticed that my car had been hit .
Near my damaged car , I found a hubcap which is from a 95 - 97 Mazda MPV Minivan .
The cap is definitely from the vehicle that hit my car .
The Mazda is Dark green , blue or black in color , as some of its paint was left on my car .
The Mazda will be missing its right rear wheel cover , unless it has since been replaced .
Some cars of this year and model had two - tone paint , with the lower panels being silver , some did not .
If you can find out any information about this vehicle by either reviewing you security tapes or reviewing the makes and models of cars that are associated with parking permits , please contact me .
thanks Steve Lodefink
Walt Disney Internet Group
Smith Tower office : 206 xxx xxxx
Home : 206 xxx xxxx
That description was enough to convince the security people at my office building to spend a little time going through the previous afternoon ’s tape from the security camera that they have pointed over toward the entrance to the garage .
Sure enough , a dark - colored MPV - looking minivan comes rolling out of the garage just before 3 pm , and it is missing the right rear hubcap ( top photo in post ) .
That pinpointed the time that the minivan left the garage , which made the security person over at the garage much more willing to look at the previous day ’s archives from their 2 cameras .
I was able to get copies of all 3 videos .
On one sequence , you could almost make out the license plate number of the van as it left the building .
Using an advanced , multi - frame interpolation and analysis technique that I learned over at the NSA , ( in other words , I just squinted )
I was able to determine the license plate with a reasonable amount of certainty .
A check on the plate number did indeed reveal that it belonged to a dark green 1995 Mazda MPV .
The registered owners name , address and telephone number was appaently very usefull to my insurance company in tracking the driver down , because today they sent me a check for the full amount of the damages minus the $ 100 deductable for my uninsured motorist coverage .
Some confused readers have commented , so here is a slight clarification :
After several phone calls and attempted personal visits , I was not able to contact the owner , so I finally asked my insurance company to look up their insurance company , in order to determine if I would be eligable for compensation under my uninsured motorist coverage ( get this if you dont have it , it is really cheap ) .
I can only assume at this point that the Mazda driver did not have liability insurance , otherwise my insurance company would not have paid out for uninsured motorist damages .
Artwork : Chip Taylor Misery , heartbreak , sorrow , and despair .
No , I 'm not talking about adolescence ; I 'm referring to what happens when you 're stuck with a PC from Hell .
Systems that were overpriced and underpowered , parts that failed two days after the warranty expired , marathon phone calls with brain - dead tech support staff -- over the years we 've suffered more than our share of ills , and so have millions of other innocent PC users .
But picking these 10 Worst PCs of All Time was n't as easy as it sounds .
First we had to set a few ground rules .
Number one , we focused strictly on desktops .
( We 'll leave the flaming / exploding laptops for another occasion . )
Two , these machines had to have shipped to consumers -- no vaporware or concept computers allowed .
Tres , we decided to ignore systems we 've kicked around elsewhere ( like the IBM PCjr , the Gateway 10th Anniversary PC , and the FreePC , all part of our 25 Worst Tech Products of All Time story ) , and home in on a different batch of turkeys .
After that , it was a matter of polling PC World editors , past and present , and debating the demerits of all the systems that caused us migraines over the years .
We had to resort to Indian leg wrestling matches to settle on the final ten .
( See the list of the worst . )
Of course , maybe you had a good experience with one of these machines .
Or perhaps you had a system that is n't on this list but was so nightmarish Freddy Krueger would be scared to turn it on .
If so , we want to hear about it .
Look for a Comment link or go to our Forums .
Credit goes to my good friend and part time sunday school teacher Yashub Isiah without whom I would not have gotten the ticket to go to Cambodia and this gallery would not exist .
I will go back one day , so if you have any old unwanted childrens games , or unwanted sturdy childrens footwear , please hand them to me .
Please try to donate some money to the orphanage so that they can take in some more children .
To pre-empt technical queries , I used a Canon 5D , 16 - 35L lens , 70 -300 DO IS lens , and a 50 f1.4 lens .
I do n't use lens hoods or filters .
All photos were shot in raw + jpeg mode .
Thanks for viewing and taking time to read .
All comments , questions , and critiques welcome below .
Julian Li
March 2006
photo of Julian courtesy of Wen Sheng
NEARLY 16,000 people were kidnapped by terrorists in 2006 , down from some 35,000 in 2005 , according to America 's State Department .
Most kidnappings occur in Nepal , with 10,294 in 2006 , though this is 22,000 fewer than in 2005 .
This fall is attributed to peace discussions with the Maoist rebel group during the year .
Hostage - taking in Iraq , however , rose by 300 % compared with 2005 .
Trouble spots in Africa , such as Congo and Nigeria , also feature .
AFP
Recently a US Air Force report co-written by the colonel was leaked .
It details many of the other " non-lethal technologies " currently in covert development within military labs .
Some of them make the gay bomb look positively conventional .
There 's the " low - frequency infrasound " which " easily penetrates most buildings and vehicles " and creates " nausea , loss of bowel control , disorientation , vomiting , potential internal organ damage and death " .
( The report is quite laissez - faire about its definition of the term " non-lethal " . )
There 's the race - specific stink bomb and the chameleon camouflage suit , both of which have apparently never got off the ground because nobody can work out how to invent them , and a special pheromone that " can be used to mark target individuals and then release bees to attack them " .
Then there 's the prophet hologram - " the projection of the image of an ancient god over an enemy capitol whose public communications have been seized and used against it in a massive psychological operation . "
Commentators have suggested that the Pentagon must be embarrassed that these crazy endeavours have come to light , but I suspect they are pleased : it makes human - rights abuses seem amusingly hare - brained as opposed to chilling .
US military scientists believe it is their calling to reach out to the furthest corners of their imaginations to try these things out , and once in a while they invent something that actually works .
The Taser gun was nurtured by Alexander .
After my book was published , the colonel went on national US radio to claim that he had never met me .
I was a fantasist who just pretended to meet his interviewees .
In fact , I had hours of film showing me at his house .
It was a stupid weapon to be levelled against me , but I suppose it just might have worked .
CHINA and America conduct a fourth round of talks on their strategic relations in Washington , DC , today and tomorrow : maybe they can work out whether they are friends or enemies , and whether they plan to change that any time soon .
America finds itself in the difficult position of wanting to signal peace - and - friendship towards China , at least on the strategic level ( a trade war remains a possibility ) , while China ( like America ) arms itself to the teeth and the Taiwan question defies solution .
The Council on Foreign Relations has a fine backgrounder on the talks , pointing out that China is
North Korea ’s biggest trading partner and primary source of food , arms , and fuel
... but for that same reason , not so much an adversary of America as an " essential diplomatic go - between " .
The basic problem for America is surely one of deciding whether it can bring itself to approve of the sort of authoritarian - yet - prospering ( and seemingly stable ) state that Chinese communism has produced .
John Tcacik of the Heritage Foundation puts the hostile case well :
We now have a “ strong and united ” China which supports tyranny , nuclear proliferation , and lawless mercantilism .
This undemocratic China is a greater challenge than a weak , disunited China .
Because the vast majority of Chinese now acquiesce in the regime ’s domestic repression at the price of economic prosperity and national power ( as was true in 1930s Germany , Japan , and the Soviet Union — though without the prosperity ) there is no possibility that China can democratize by itself .
American leaders therefore must not legitimise the regime .
But equating this Chinese state with Nazi Germany seems absurd , and with the Soviet Unon not much less so : it is not openly warlike , and it has ceased to actively impoverish its citizens in the name of ideology .
Mr Tcacik 's claim that a weak and disunited China would be less problematic is certainly open to debate : China happens to be driving the world economy right now .
As for America " legitimising " China ( or not ) , that seems an empty conceit : the " legitimacy " of China 's government is not within America 's control .
These US - China talks are likely to be crowded out of the headlines by the sterile constitutional arguments sure to dominate the EU summit on Thursday and Friday .
But the question of whether the US and China can strike a happy balance matters far more for global peace and prosperity than whether European governments can sign a meaningless piece of paper .
Update : A paper just published by NEBR speculates about the long - term implications of China 's rise , for the relationship between capitalism and democracy .
President John F. Kennedy gives his historical speech on sending astronauts to the moon to Congress on May 25 , 1961 .
New research finds flaws in the evidence used to implicate lone gunman Lee Harvey Oswald in the 1963 assassination of President John F. Kennedy .
The findings are based on updated bullet analysis techniques and throw a wrench in the case - clinching evidence previously cited by experts to rule out a second assassin .
“ By properly reanalyzing the bullet fragments , our nation has a chance to shatter a myth about the JFK assassination , ” said study team member Cliff Spiegelman , a statistician at Texas A&M and an expert in the analysis of lead in bullets .
The research will be published in a forthcoming issue of the journal Annals of Applied Statistics .
Ancient history ?
The Kennedy assassination is arguably one of the most traumatic events in U.S. history , the gravity of which stopped Americans of the time in their tracks .
The news sent out ripples of shock and grief across the nation , sparking a wave of scientific investigations and consequent Congressional testimony .
The scientific analyses that followed soon thereafter included a National Academy of Science Committee on Ballistic Acoustics report ; forensic evidence on bullet fragment matching by the FBI crime lab and the now - deceased University of California - Irvine chemist Vincent P. Guinn ; and a slew of typical forensic evidence such as fingerprints , ballistic evaluations and simulations , crime scene investigations and autopsy findings .
In 1976 the House Select Committee on Assassinations testified in front of Congress , concluding that only one assassin fired bullets that killed Kennedy .
As a caveat , the report noted that there was probably an additional shooter , but one whose shots missed all limousine occupants .
Nonetheless , the single - gunman theory stood as historical fact .
The conclusions were largely based on Guinn ’s comparative bullet lead research .
Guinn had compared the chemical make - up of five bullet fragments that came from the crime scene .
His lead analysis showed the bullet bits had matching chemical fingerprints and came from two bullets , which Guinn traced back to a single batch of Mannlicher - Carcano bullets fired from Oswald ’s rifle .
Crime lab
The analytic lay of the land , however , changed when in 2003 , the National Academy of Sciences drew up new guidelines for proper bullet - lead analysis and statistical procedures , stating that past techniques were flawed .
With the updated protocol , the researchers analyzed the chemical make - up of 30 bullets which came from three boxes of Mannlicher - Carcano bullets that originated from two of the only four separate lots ever produced .
They measured additional chemical elements beyond those considered by Guinn and also included a quality - control procedure .
According to the scientists , Guinn testified about the scientific validity of conclusions based on chemical matching of the Mannlicher - Carcano bullets , saying : “ This great variation from bullet to bullet from the same box thus indicated that , for this unusual kind of ammunition , it would be possible to distinguish one bullet ( or bullet fragment ) from another , even though they both came from the same box of Mannlicher - Carcano cartridges . ”
Comparisons of the new results with evidence used in Guinn ’s testimony and that from the NRC report found Guinn ’s assumptions to be wrong .
Many bullets in a Mannlicher - Carcano box had similar chemical compositions .
“ We also found that many bullets in the same box have matching antimony and silver levels ; this discovery is contrary to Dr. Guinn ’s testimony that based on these two elements virtually every bullet of this type is unique , ” say the researchers .
Finding a match by chance is not rare , especially when based on just two elements and with bullets from the same box .
“ Further , we found that one of the 30 bullets analyzed in our study also compositionally matched one of the fragments from the assassination analyzed by Dr. Guinn , ” the researchers state .
The results reveal that Guinn ’s matches should not be equated with coming from the same rifle or even the same box of bullets .
This opens the door for the possibility that another gunman shot at and hit Kennedy , they write .
The researchers say that based on their findings , and “ given the significance and impact of the JFK assassination , it is scientifically desirable for the evidentiary fragments to be reanalyzed . ”
Reaching the moon has long been a goal of China 's space programme
The Chang 'e - 1 lunar probe will be launched later this year aboard a Long March 3A rocket .
The probe will provide 3D images of the Moon , survey the lunar landscape , study lunar microwaves and estimate the thickness of the Moon 's soil .
China became the third nation to place a human in space in October 2003 .
The Moon exploration programme includes a planned lunar fly - by in 2007 , a " soft landing " in 2012 , return of lunar samples by 2017 , and landing an astronaut on the Moon within 15 years .
' Full confidence '
" The goal to land an astronaut on the Moon can surely be achieved in 15 years , " said Huang Chunping , a senior space official , while attending the annual full session of the National Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) , the country 's top political advisory body .
Mr Huang gave no date for the launch of the lunar probe , but confirmed it would be later this year .
For the full Moon exploration programme , he admitted that unexpected difficulties could affect the timetable , but said he had " full confidence " in the development of the country 's rocket industry .
Mr Huang said that China 's next generation carrier rocket , likely to be named Long March 5 , would be ready for launch in " seven or eight years , " and the vehicles ' engines had already been successfully tested .
The long - awaited new rocket would " use non-toxic fuels " and increase the payload capacity of the Long March series from nine tonnes to 25 tonnes , he said .
Space walk
Mr Huang also said China would launch its third manned spaceflight , Shenzhou VII , next year , with three astronauts on board .
They will attempt the Chinese programme 's first space walk .
The Shenzhou VII launch was planned for this year , but work is still being done on the suits that astronauts will wear during the space walk .
Two of the three astronauts are expected to venture outside the capsule , but no decision has been made on how long the walks would be .
Mr Huang said the timing of the flight will depend on progress on finishing the space suits , and would not be timed for the Summer Olympics , which start in August 2008 in Beijing .
To listen the full interview in MP3 , click here .
Reader Martine comments :
The Singularity is the best thing to happen to sex since some final stages of primate - homonid pelvic evolution enabled face - to - face intercourse among hominids ( without losing the ability for rear access ) .
first evolutionary psychology ( or sociobiology ) comic .
That 's not a big audience share yet , but his entertaining book , Sperm Are from Men , Eggs Are from Women : The Real Reason Men And Women Are Different , has been well received .
By focusing on sex and relationships , Quirk is broadening the audience for the study of the genetic roots of human behaviors .
Quirk recently spoke at the Future Salon about the relationship between " The Singularity " and " sociobiology . "
A few days before his talk , he joined me on my NeoFiles podcast to talk about this very same subject .
Jeff Diehl joined me in asking Mr. Quirk some questions .
How did you get interested in The Singularity ?
One of my friends , Steve Potter , a neuro - engineer used to tell me about this one guy , John Smart — about how he was a visionary , and he organized " Accelerated Change " conferences .
So about five years after hearing about him , I 'm at Burning Man , and I 'm riding my bike around .
And at Burning Man , there are so many things competing for your attention — wonderful visual art and explosions and so forth — but it 's sort of a non-verbal place .
There is n't much intellectual stuff going on .
And as I 'm riding my bike around , and all these things are competing for my attention , over my left shoulder I hear the word " gene ; " I hear the word " memes , " and I stop .
And there 's this very unassuming white tent with a bunch of people sitting around on chairs as if they were at a lecture hall .
And there 's this good - looking guy in a woman 's nightie .
And I 'm thinking , " How full of crap is this guy going to be ?
I know about this kind of stuff . "
So I stopped my bike to listen .
How were his legs ?
Very sexy .
Maybe I 'm revealing too much here .
People do things at Burning Man that are not supposed to get out !
So I listened to this guy , and I knew just enough about what he was talking about to realize that he was n't completely insane .
And he was the one , at that time , drawing exponential curves [ ed : see Ray Kurzweil 's explanation of The Singularity ] and describing the exponential nature of change .
It was the first time I 'd heard about that .
So I listened to the lecture and thought , " That 's a fascinating guy ! "
It turned out he was doing a lecture every day , so I kept coming back .
The third time I came back , I was on a hallucinogen .
I think that did influence me .
He became more impressive ?
Kind of like the Grateful Dead ?
Yeah , he became even more impressive and he had three heads .
Anyway , I came back to talk to him , and we started talking about the different books we'd both read and eventually I found out he was the guy Steve Potter had told me about .
So you just recently gave a lecture yourself at the " Future Forum " in Palo Alto titled " Why The Singularity Wo n't Work Without Sociobiology . "
So , why not ?
All these ideas are founded on some assumptions about human nature .
And I think some of the assumptions about human nature that we make in the futurist community are wrong .
For instance , I 've noticed chicks do n't dig the singularity .
For instance , I went to a recent Accelerated Change conference , and I actually counted up the people , and I found that less than a fifth of the presenters were women , and less than a sixth of the attendees were women .
That sounds like a high count of women compared to some geek stuff that I 've been to !
Yeah , when there 's actual machinery , it 's like 1 % women .
But I knew a lot of the women who were there , and they were there because it was their guy 's primary interest .
So Ray Kurzweil got up there and Moira Gunn was interviewing him , and everybody got to submit a question .
And Moira would pick her three favorite questions .
So there were all these technical questions about how will the singularity do this , how will the singularity do that .
And my question was , " How will the Singularity get laid ... err help me get laid ? "
So she picked my question as an extra one as a way of dismissing it .
She said , " Somebody put a joke question in here , and can you believe that there are people here who would write something like this ?
It 's ' how will the Singularity help me get laid ? ' "
And then she throws it aside and tries to move on to another question .
But Kurzweil says , " Hang on .
Hang on .
I want to answer that . "
And then he goes into this long technical description ...... and then he got out his slide rule , and straightened out his bow tie .
[ Laughter ] Exactly !
It was stuff like , " You can wear body suits . "
He was talking about tactile things and about how people can caress each other from far away .
And it was so funny .
It 's too bad this was n't filmed , because Moira Gunn 's face was getting more and more skeptical , the more he kept talking .
She kept saying things like , " Well , what about intimacy ?
You know , what about actual interacting with a real human being ? "
And Kurzweil was n't picking up on what she was talking about .
You could tell he enjoys the subject , but he gave a long - winded technical explanation for how to get off .
And she was talking about sex as a medium for connecting to another person 's soul .
So right there , you 're seeing this divergence between men's priorities and women 's priorities .
My wife does n't care about the Singularity .
When I talk about it , it does n't resonate for her .
It does n't sound exciting to be able to put a machine inside your brain or something like that .
What about the real prospect of an indefinite life span ?
I think that appeals to women !
I think it does , but I do n't know anyone outside the futurist community ... You look young for a much longer period of time .
Women are early adopters of youth technology in terms of looks .
My wife is actually in the business of making women young and beautiful .
She 's what 's called an aesthetician .
She makes people beautiful .
So if I could convince her that people can live forever and be young as long as they want , she might be into it .
But my explanation ends up being sort of technical and attenuated .
There are so many other things you need to know that it tends to become like religion — the rapture for geeks .
There 's not a big female fan base for science fiction , right ?
Right .
So guy geeks are always talking about how you can connect to more people and form more networks with people you never met .
And my research tells me women 's brains are just more interested in face reading and voice reading and reading all the messages you get beneath the words .
Guys tend to concentrate more on the abstract ideas behind the words .
So email is unfulfilling for most women .
They want to get together at lunch with their friends and make eye contact and stand way too close to each other .
I like to see that , too .
But I 'm still not quite getting the Sociobiology / Singularity hook - up here .
You had an interesting Freudian slip earlier .
You said , " How will The Singularity get laid ? "
It could be like that , could n't it ?
Could n't it be more like sex with the singularity as opposed to sex within the singularity ?
Could n't the singularity be this great , singular mechanistic Borg - like entity , and it 's going to need something to have sex with ?
Right !
And I think that 's sort of Kurzweil 's vision — that we 'll be able to make our fantasies real .
Why would you actually need another human being ?
From my reading of Kurzweil 's book , The Singularity Is Near : When Humans Transcend Biology , I suspect , on some level , he 's OK with the prospect of evolving beyond sexuality altogether in order to achieve immortality .
And I imagine those two probably go hand in hand .
If you remove the mortal aspect of existence , you 're kind of eliminating the evolutionary reason for having sex .
You know as a living being you 're going to die , and that drives you to reproduce — and that 's where all that sex stuff happens .
Right ?
Yeah , but I 'm convinced that we inherit this suite of desires , and whether we die or not , we 're going to keep them , unless we find some hormonal way to change it .
But that 's part of it , right ?
Kurzweil is changing himself hormonally with all of his nutritional stuff .
He already claims to have reprogrammed his own biochemistry .
Right .
He keeps saying his biological age has n't changed .
You know , I saw a picture of him from twenty years ago , and he did look younger .
I 'm still trying to get at the connection between the Singularity and sociobiology .
I think male geeks in the futurist community assume that human nature is the same as the nature of male geeks in the futurist community .
And it 's kind of become a little religion ; we have our own Rapture and our own eschatology and all that sort of stuff .
But I think the idea of merging with machine intelligence is not appealing to lots of different kinds of people .
And so when we talk about it , we talk as if this tiny sector of human experience — and the kinds of enhancements male geeks want — is all that there is .
But when you describe these kinds of things to most people , they 're not necessarily enthused .
They 're more often afraid .
So I think we need a clearer idea of what is universal in human needs to be able to explain The Singularity .
I always wonder — can an artificial intelligence understand what it feels like to dance to James Brown ?
You know ?
Maybe it can , eventually .
I do n't know .
There 's also this question of individuality versus networked intelligence .
It seems like we 're heading towards a networked intelligence that might not have a need for — or a concept of individuality .
And individuality certainly encapsulates most current impulses and needs and desires that we think make us human .
But once we 're post - human , all that goes out the window .
So how do you even talk about discreet entities and individuals and desires and stuff like that ?
Certainly Kurzweil wants us to think that we can carry that humanness with us , but it might all just go away !
And something else will be there , and it wo n't be what we are now .
So there 's kind of a good reason to be afraid of it , because you do n't know what the hell that means .
Yeah .
It 's hard to distinguish some descriptions of The Singularity from Armageddon .
And I think the pretense ; the assumption of the hardcore pro-Kurzweil futurists is that all these things — dancing to James Brown — are reducible to computation .
It 's the " good " aspect of it that I wonder about .
Is " feel good " reducible ?
Singularitarians are assuming that it is , but it 's a deep mystery — sentience !
I can understand why there would be all the complexity of animal life interacting , competing , and behaving exactly the way it behaves .
But I do n't think anything in science so far has answered the question , " Why is it like something to be alive ? "
When I poke myself with a pin , I do n't just react like a robot ; I have an external experience that I also experience inside .
This causes us to be natural dualists .
It does n't seem to be a real dualism — I 'm a materialist — but I feel like , once a machine passes the Turing test , we do n't really know whether it has sentience or not .
Of course , I do n't know if you have sentience .
I assume you have sentience because you act like I act .
Well , I 'm a solipsist , so I do n't even think you 're here .
[ Laughter ]
So even if my enjoyment of James Brown is reducible to some kind of binary computation , it 's not clear to me that that 's going to give rise to the epi-phenomenon or the emergent property of self - aware consciousness sentience .
Assuming we are headed towards the Singularity , or at least towards some kind of post - human future , it sounds like you 're trying to keep some of the human relation alive within it , and some of the sexuality alive within it .
That 's a project — making sure that this future does contain these things that we value .
Is that part of what you 're trying to do ?
When we talk about the Singularity , it should be grounded on universal things about human nature .
Everyone should look at Donald Brown 's list of human universals .
And I think when we talk about it now ; we talk about it as California computer nerds — which represents a narrow range of human experience .
So as California computer nerds , we do n't have all of the qualities on Mr. Brown 's list of natural human universals ?
It 's the qualities that all tribes in every culture everywhere share .
And one of them is a belief in spiritual beings that care very much about how we behave .
Of course there were attempts to eliminate that in China and other places , but it continued .
I do n't think you can eliminate something like spiritual belief , in a top - down way .
But certainly most people in the Scandinavian countries are atheists .
There 's a lot of atheism in the world now .
But still , there are no cultures that do n't have some people who believe that there are invisible beings who care passionately about how they behave .
You 're using the word sociobiology , and currently the trendy term is " evolutionary psychology . "
And actually , some people make a distinction between the two of them and say sociobiology was more completely enthralled by genes , whereas evolutionary psychology sort of combines genes with environment and other factors .
Talk a little about your interest in sociobiology , which is the older term that came from Edward O. Wilson 's amazing book I 'm trying to steal back the word sociobiology , because sociobiology , strictly defined , is the biology of behavior of all animals .
It got in trouble , back in the early 70s , because human beings were included among the animals .
E. O. Wilson 's one of my heroes .
The last 1/30th of his book , Sociobiology , deals with human nature .
And then he put out On Human Nature .
And a leftist feminist threw a pie at him , even though he was a liberal environmentalist , basically for looking at human behavior as having certain predispositions , just like all other animals do .
Someone dumped a bucket of water over his head while he was coming for a lecture .
And so the word sociobiology got demonized .
I know a lot of academics at Berkeley , and they 're so pre-inoculated against any biological illumination of human behavior that they can't even talk about it .
It 's so emotional .
Oddly , just as sort of a weird side note , Huey Newton from the Black Panther Party was into sociobiology in the 1970s and studied it .
For whatever odd reason , he found it interesting .
That is an interesting side note !
And that term became so demonized that the people who continued to research it sort of quietly started calling it evolutionary psychology .
Interestingly , evolutionary psychology is specifically about the biology of human behavior .
Sociobiology is a more general term about the biological roots of all animal behavior .
You know , it 's like when the creationist movement switched to " Intelligent Design " — they were being defensive .
And when we switched from sociobiology to evolutionary psychology , we were being defensive .
But a lot of the same people still hate it , basically for the same reasons .
Yeah .
And I strongly recommend Steve Pinker 's book , The Blank Slate : The Modern Denial of Human Nature .
He pretty much devastates all the good - hearted but misguided arguments against sociobiology .
To put it in simple terms , if I 'm speaking to a social academic about my biological beliefs that I think illuminate human nature and answer a lot of deep questions about human nature , they invariably bring up Hitler or the eugenics movement .
And certainly all this stuff can be exploited by people .
But then again , on the other side — among the people who say that the human mind is ultimately malleable by culture and has no genetically controlled tendencies at all — you have Mao and the Khmer Rogue .
Both sides have their holocausts .
Pol Pot ... all those guys believed that you take the baby , you take it away from its mother , and ... It 's a blank slate .
Right .
You can create humans that only care about serving the state .
If you acknowledge that every other living animal group has certain inherent forms of social organization , it 's fundamentally absurd to say , " Well no , human beings do n't . "
And certain people on the left remind me of fundamentalist Christians .
It 's kind of a denial of evolution .
They 're not denying Darwin , but they 're denying something that is a logical extension of Darwin .
Right .
And the sort - of social science academics on the left are the only ones who have a problem with this stuff .
When I speak in front of most women , they 're trying to understand their husband and they 're all over it .
They want to understand why does he do the things he does ; why does he communicate the way he does ?
People on the street assume that there 's something fundamentally different about men and women .
What happens with people in the process of a sex change — like a guy who 's taking a lot of estrogen and that sort of thing ?
Have you looked into that ?
Sure , I 'm fascinated with that stuff .
If a woman gets a sex change operation , and she starts taking injections of testosterone , different genes that are suppressed are turned on in her , and she finds herself feeling more aggressive ; she finds it harder to cry ; she finds it easier to get angry ; and she can't get sex out of her mind .
I talked to one woman who was in the midst of this process , and she said , " God , I suddenly understand how guys feel .
" So let 's distribute some of this .
Yeah .
[ Laughs . ]
Slip it into drinks ?
Except that all of a sudden , she 's got facial hair .
You can get over that .
I remember she was describing her experience to me .
She was like : " I'm on the BART , and I 'm looking at shapely women , and I just wanted to get into their bodies .
I mean , it 's like it 's all about that body . "
To her that was a foreign experience .
She 's like , " Wow .
So this is how men see the world . "
Especially young men .
I wonder when people start to alter people at the genetic level — germ line engineering .
Yeah .
That 's a thorny issue .
I wonder how that will affect all these kinds of relations .
I wonder if that might change some of this .
It 's hard to pull off , because it 's very rare that you get a gene corresponding to one particular trait .
Genes all interact with each other , so if you choose a certain gene to give your kid a mathematical ability , that gene cascades through all the different traits in the person and has other unpredictable effects .
But some people think that , in not too much time , even with all the complexity , we 'll be able to do this kind of manipulation .
I think we will be able to do this kind of manipulation , but we 'll start having the kinds of problems we have with our domesticated dogs .
We can take a dog and we can breed it for a particular quality — like , I want my dog to be a pug , so I 'm just going to concentrate on breeding it for a big face and big strong shoulders .
By the time I 've created my perfect dog , it has cataracts ; it has heart problems ; it has breathing problems .
Out in nature , all these genes are interacting with the environment at once .
The theory is that we would n't start doing it until we could be pretty sure of the effects .
Although I do n't necessarily believe that .
It 's so hard to control because genes only turn on in an environment that triggers them to turn on .
So if you 're an identical twin , and you 're gay , there 's only a 50 % chance that you 're identical twin is going to be gay .
But if he is , you can have an awful lot of fun together !
I 'm sure — they even shared a womb together .
So if you can't even predict something like your sexuality based on what genes you have , and you also have to sort of control an environment that 's going to trigger certain things to turn on ... [ Frivolously ]
Yeah , but Kurzweil 's super - intelligent machines will figure out how to perfect this technology for us in 2035 , right ?
Well , that 's the prediction , but , uh ... So what do you really think ?
Are you fundamentally a believer in " The Singularity " or are you a skeptic ?
I 'm a scared skeptic and a hopeful skeptic .
Most people who hear about it think it 's whacko , so I find myself defending it more often than criticizing it .
And I think Kurzweil 's actual arguments in his two most important books are more compelling than the counter - argument from Incredulity , which is just a knee - jerk reaction — " C'mon , this is Rapture for the geeks . "
Every group makes up some kind of mythos , and this is a mythos for the geeks .
I keep thinking of other examples of Singularities .
I 've never heard anyone talk about the Singularity that 's already happened .
Let 's see if you guys can point it out .
Language ?
That 's one , but I 've never heard anyone talk about the Singularity of techneme — the singularity of tools .
Imagine a Homo habilis playing with his stone axe , and his buddy says to him , " Grok !
These stone axes are not going to change for millions of years , because we 're on the flat part of an exponential curve .
But this has an abstract design within it , which means it contains information that can be passed down through the generations .
And in another 3 million years , we 're going to have a feedback loop of information , and pretty soon our tools are going to cover the world ; they 're going to be on our bodies ; and we 're going to go from a few thousand of us to a few billion of us .
Everything we touch will be a tool .
Our tool designs are going to inhabit matter and build our dreams around us .
Everything we look at is going to be a manifestation , an embodiment of an idea .
" Right , and all that would be unrecognizable to that person .
So in that sense we 've been through at least one Singularity .
It 's kind of like the Arthur C. Clarke idea that advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic .
And if you think about this , there 's almost nothing I touch in my day that is n't created by humans .
Even the food is bred by humans .
Steve Potter says , " Maybe The Singularity already happened . "
Why would we know about it ?
Does bacteria know that they 're on a giant naked ape ?
Kurzweil is a believer in the soft singularity — a process where we might not even recognize that we 've slipped into a different kind of reality when it happens .
All I know is that friends of mine are still dying at this point from diseases related to aging .
That would be one change that would be interesting .
About 9,000 square meters ( 97,000 square feet ) of reflective foil has been spread across a ski area on one side of the 2,962 meter ( 9,718 foot ) high Zugspitze in the northern Alps near Garmisch - Partenkirchen .
This year , the Zugspitzbahn company , which finances the cover - up from revenues from its ski-lift , gondola - lifts and restaurant , ordered 50 percent more tarpaulin than last year .
The tarps were unpacked one week earlier than usual following a particularly mild winter and the hottest April in recent history .
" The cover keeps off the heat and channels away rainwater , " said Manfred Haas , who manages a team that grooms the ski area with bulldozers and graders .
" Every autumn we make note of where the glacier has melted the most and cover those places the following spring . "
Postponing the inevitable
Only the ski area on the mountain is covered with tarps
The process , which only protects part of the mountain , was begun 16 years ago .
Though the sun-screen tarps are aimed at curbing the effects of climate change , environmentalists have assailed the annual cover - up as folly .
Hubert Weiger , Bavarian chairman of the German Nature Protection Federation , called the tarpaulin a " fig- leaf . "
" It will never save the glacier , " he said .
According to Frank Huber from the Zugspitzbahn company , he and his colleagues have no illusions that they will be able to preserve the glacier entirely .
" With the tarps and all the other things we do , we ’ll only be able to prolong the process , " he told the Reuters news agency .
" The Zugspitze lives from tourism and it ’s our goal to keep the ski industry running . "
All glaciers in danger
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , set up by the United Nations , predicts that many of the world 's temperate - zone glaciers will shrink drastically or vanish completely as temperatures rise .
Larger glaciers will have lost between 30 and 70 percent of their volume by the year 2050 , reported IPCC .
River - type glaciers in the Alps such as the Pasterze have all but disappeared , while ice sheets high on the mountains , often used for skiing during the summer months , are shrinking .
Susanoo là một trong những kỹ thuật mạnh nhất của tộc Uchikha mà không phải ai cũng có …
The main criticism made to my previous post about a paper by the Energy Watch Group , was that it is irrelevant whether current reserves are depleted because of three reasons : new discoveries will be made , increasing reserves , lower grade ores can be used , giving us many thousands of years of reserves at current or increased consumption rates and , at a high enough uranium price , reprocessing and MOX recycle would become economical , greatly increasing reserve life , and even a closed nuclear fuel cycle could be created with breeders , rendering the resource issue entirely moot .
Those are fare points , and I will try to address them in this post .
This is a guest post by Miquel Torres .
Miquel has a degree in Physics from the University of Valencia , he currently lives in Germany and works in secondary education and in the field of energy investment .
Let 's make this clear :
We will never run out of uranium .
The same happens with oil or any other resource .
Price determines what portion of a resource base that can be recovered .
Beyond that price , it just does n't make sense economically to extract more of the resource .
The next figure shows the possible uranium production curve for all known and inferred reserves with a price lower than 130$ / kg .
Figure 1 : History and forecast of uranium production based on reported resources .
The smallest area covers 1,900 kt uranium which have the status of proved reserves while the data uncertainty increases towards the largest area based on 4,700 kt uranium which represents possible reserves .
Source : URANIUM RESOURCES AND NUCLEAR ENERGY by the Energy Watch Group .
Deffeyes & MacGregor have estimated the distribution of Uranium in different types of rock and show that shales and phosphates contain 8000 times as much Uranium as current Uranium Ore bodies at a concentration of 10 - 20 PPM .
The nuclear industry reminds us that uranium is such tiny portion of nuclear production costs that it can use fuel orders of magnitude more expensive ( and orders of magnitude lower grade ores ) without driving their total costs up too much .
From Martin Sevior 's post
The " Additional Recoverable Uranium " [ 1 ] category certainly has an order of magnitude ( and likely to grow in the future ) more resources which may be extracted if price is no issue .
Of that , Prognosticated Undiscovered Resources < 130$/kgU amount to 2,519kt , increasing current reserves of 4,743kt by 65 % to a total of 7262 kt , or 108 years of current consumption .
A nice increase , but it would barely delay the ( higher ) peak by about a decade .
So the big question is : Can we just increase the reserves cap to 1,000$ /kgU or 10,000 $ / kgU and be awash in uranium ?.
Is uranium economically recoverable at any ore grade , at any price , even from granite as they claim ?.
Let 's do the proverbial back - of - the - envelope math [ 2 ] :
The impact of the uranium price in the final price of nuclear electricity
New plants could produce electricity at a cost of between 3.3 and 4.4 $ cent / kWh [ 3 ] .
I 'll use 4c / kWh .
I wo n't discuss what the price would be if the nuclear industry had to take care of insurance costs in the case where liability for nuclear accidents was not internationally limited , and ignore the possibility that any waste disposal costs exceed the amount predicted and included in the costs analysis .
I will just accept a price in the 4c / kWh range as accurate ( which is similar to France 's costs for standardized plants ) .
As of January 2007 , at likely uranium ( U 3 O 8 ) contract prices of 53$ / kg ( usually about a third of current spot price .
Note that in April , the uranium spot price is aproaching the 100$ / lb mark , which corresponds to more than 200$ / kg ) , total fuel costs are 0.50c / kWh .
Of that , only 0.13c / kWh correspond to raw uranium , and the rest comes from conversion , enrichment and fuel fabrication [ 4 ] .
0.13 c is indeed a small portion of the total 4c / kWh electricity price , about 3.3 % .
Assuming constant costs for the latter three categories , a 130$ / kg uranium price contributes 0.32c / kWh to the electricity production price , rising the total to 3.87c/ kWh+0.32c/kWh = 4.19c/ kWh at a 7,6 % raw fuel share .
Still a small share , and it did n't rise the final price much .
The conclusion is that nuclear power can consume all uranium reserves until 130$ / kg , ( the ones represented in Figure 1 ) sustaining a nearly 3 fold increase in the uranium price and it's electricity wo n't cost much more .
Increasing slightly the uranium price limit , and allowing for new discoveries , it seems safe to assume that maintaining current nuclear capacity until the end of the century should n't pose any uranium - availability problems .
The next obvious step is to calculate whether it can save us from the combined Global Warming and Peak Oil crisis .
Right now it produces 16 % of the world 's electricity or 5 % primary energy use [ 5 ] .
The Energy Information Administration predicts that world net electricity consumption will more than double by 2030 in the reference case [ 6 ] .
Even greatly improving efficiency , it is unlikely that total electricity consumption will decrease , because electrified transport ( train , plug - in hybrids , etc. ) and substitution of other primary energy uses would consume a lot of new electricity .
In the doubling case , the nuclear share would be something like 8 % by 2030 .
If it wants to be the main driver of a post carbon world , it needs a much greater percentage .
A 10 fold increase would take it to 80 % of the world 's electricity production , more or less its actual electricity production share in France .
( Keep in mind that it still only means a 16 % share in primary energy consumed [ 7 ] ) .
A 16 fold increase in the uranium extraction rate would have to follow suit [ 8 ] .
Let 's see how much we can increase exploitable reserves .
If we consider an uranium price of 1,300 $ / kg , a 10 fold increase , raw fuel costs are 3.2c / kWh or 45 % for a total of 7.1c / kWh .
For a 100 fold increase to 13,000$ / kg , 32c/kWh , 89 % and 35.9c / kWh respectively .
The picture has changed radically and we have clearly hit a limit .
Nuclear energy has become extremely expensive , more than all of the alternatives .
It is not completely isolated from the uranium fuel price , and a high enough price renders it uncompetitive .
Where is that price ?
How much can we expand our reserves by rising the price we are willing to pay for them ?.
The competitiveness of nuclear energy
Nuclear energy has as main advantage being much cheaper than alternatives .
No one would ever want to build a new generation of nuclear plants if for the same ballpark price you could get solar or geothermal power on demand and avoid nuclear waste problems altogether .
To top that , nuclear energy has cost enormous amounts of money to develop , and any clean technology achieving a similar production price will have done so with vastly less R&D funds and will probably have more potential for the future .
Some have expressed their belief that to avert the crisis nuclear fission is the only energy form that can be scaled fast enough and that is capable of baseload and would therefor be willing to pay any price for it .
Well , I hope to put those fears to rest .
At any price there are alternatives .
To name two examples : when considering a the small UK region , wind power is capable of baseload to a 20 % + degree [ 9 ] .
Commercial parabolic trough solar power plants with thermal storage are being built as of now that provide constant electricity supply even on cloudy days and in the night .
So what is the cost of other alternatives now ?
Technology Levelized costs ( cents / kWh ) Combined Cycle 5.18 Wind 4.93 Solar Thermal - Parabolic Trough - TES 17.36 Solar Thermal - Stirling Dish 15.37 Geothermal 4.52-7.37 Photovoltaic 42.72
Table 1 : Levelized costs of electricity production in California [ 10 ] .
By 2030 ( the above EIA timeframe ) renewable energy sources will have greatly reduced costs .
For example by 2020 a price of 6.7c / kWh in southern Spain and 5c / kWh in desert regions is expected for Parabolic Trough [ 11 ] .
The TREC [ 12 ] initiative by the Club of Rome and others , based on a report by the German Aerospace Center envisions a High Voltage Direct Current ( HVDC ) grid linking North Africa and Europe with a potential solar energy import cost of 7c / kWh [ 13 ] .
Figure 2 : Possible infrastructure for a sustainable supply of power to EUrope , the Middle East and North Africa ( EU - MENA ) .
Source : TREC .
They even calculate a lower resulting price than with the current energy mix ( Figure 3 ) .
Figure 3 : Estimated future electricity costs e.g. in Germany by using the energy mix of the year 2000 or the TRANS - CSP Mix with shares of imported clean power .
Source : TREC .
There are other kinds of solutions , some of which will work and some will not .
But the message to take home is that civilisation does n't end if we decide to phase out nuclear energy .
Thus , I conclude that an uranium price of $ 1,300 causing a 7.1c / kWh total price would be much too expensive .
Unfortunately , it is not clear how fast reserves rise with increasing uranium price .
The nuclear industry claims a factor greater than one , but increasing the price 3.25 times from 40$/kgU to 130$ /kgU only increases RAR+IR reserves 1.72 times , a factor of 0.53 ( NEA 2006 ) .
Increasing uranium production 16 fold to accommodate a 10 fold increase in nuclear capacity without decreasing the R/P ratio would mean a 30 fold increase in price .
For a linear scaling factor of 2 , an 8 fold increase in price would be needed .
Thus to make meaningful predictions we need to know how big reserves would be in the greater than 130$ / kgU region .
New nuclear technology
Another factor is improvements in nuclear technology .
In the last decades , the nuclear industry has made great strides in improving the uptime and performance current reactors , but any marginal increase in the energy used from uranium will likely be neutralized by the rise in the extraction costs of uranium surely to occur in a post Peak Oil world .
Significant improvements will be needed .
We can indeed use uranium much more efficiently than in the current once - through cycle .
Reprocessing and MOX recycle could greatly extend the life of uranium reserves .
Unfortunately , a report before the US House of representatives titled " The Economics of Reprocessing in the United States " [ 14 ] declares :
Even with the same optimistic assumptions for reprocessing and MOX fabrication costs as before , the purchase price of natural uranium would have to increase to almost $ 400 / kg for
reprocessing to be economic .
The problem is that if they wait for MOX to be economic before they introduce it mass - scale , uranium will be depleted too fast and nuclear power could have already become too expensive .
The report concludes :
For the next decades , government and industry in the U.S. and elsewhere should
give priority to the deployment of the once - through fuel cycle , rather than the
development of more expensive closed fuel cycle technology involving
reprocessing and new advanced thermal or fast reactor technologies .
That brings us to the different reactor designs that are being developed under the " Generation IV " umbrella that should present significant improvements [ 15 ] :
" Generation IV " nuclear energy systems are an ensemble of nuclear reactor technologies that could be deployed by 2030 and present significant improvements in economics , safety and reliability and sustainability over currently operating reactor technologies .
Half of the designs are breeder reactors .
They can produce more fuel than they consume , creating a fully closed fuel cycle that theoretically would forever solve the uranium supply problem , and some could even be fed thorium ( Again , I will ignore any technical , proliferation or any other problems they may have ) .
But even if they begin to be deployed in 2030 , several decades will pass until they can breed a significant amount of fuel , as the following graph shows :
Conclusions
Any significant delay in the introduction of breeder technology would result in a limit to the contribution nuclear energy can make to the world 's energy supply .
Another problem is that making an accurate prediction of the cost per kWh that a fully closed nuclear fuel cycle with fast breeder reactors would have around 2050 is very difficult to make .
In order to improve the clarity of further discussions , I will make the following claims :
There are enough Assured , Inferred and Undiscovered Prognosticated uranium resources with a price lower than 130$ / kgU for current nuclear energy capacity to be maintained for the whole 21st century .
Nuclear energy critics should better drop any such claims to the contrary ( this assumes reserves estimations are reliable and 80 % + downgrades do n't ever again occur as in the French and USA cases ) .
Claims that include reserves lasting thousands of years while increasing nuclear energy capacity are not true .
You would need four figure uranium prices .
That is clearly too expensive .
A 30 % increase in nuclear capacity as projected in EIA 's reference case is possible with a moderate increase in the price of uranium causing a mild increase in the price of nuclear electricity .
If nuclear energy is to become a major solution to our energy problems , the needed manifold increase in nuclear capacity could make nuclear energy too expensive too be competitive with other alternatives .
To properly study last point , NEA must review the whole uranium reserves structure for greater transparency and reliability .
At least two new categories must be introduced : 130-500 $ /kgU and 500 - 1000 $ /kgU reserves ( roughly 4 and 8 times 130 $ / kgU respectively ) .
The amount of new reserves in this categories will determine the maximum capacity nuclear power for current state - of - the - art Generation III + reactors may reasonably attain , based on uranium availability alone .
Whether that maximum is 1.5 times , twice or even ten times current capacity cannot be determined without knowing how many recoverable reserves there are at different price levels in the 130 - 1000 $ / kgU range .
Beyond that maximum , Generation III + once - through reactors would become uncompetitive , and breeders are needed .
Breeders are not expected to be deployable before 2030 , and they would n't make a significant breeding contribution until decades later .
Breeders would thus not be able to significantly contribute to an hypothetical aggressive 5 or 10 fold increase in nuclear capacity over the next 30 years .
I therefore adhere myself to Jerome a Paris 's conclusions , slightly modified :
First , conservation and energy efficiency .
" Negawatts " are the cheapest and most underexploited resource we have ;
Second , renewable energies , starting with wind .
They are proven technologies , are scalable and wind is already competitive , price wise .
Solar thermal could soon become competitive for base load capacity ;
Third , coal should be dismantled as quickly as possible from its current high levels of use - and new construction should be stopped ;
Fourth , gas - fired plants .
Gas is less polluting than coal , gas turbines are very flexible to use .
Such plants will probably be needed ( in places that do not have sufficient hydro ) to manage the permanent adjustment of supply to demand that electricity requires ;
Last , nuclear power can grow to maintain current production share .
Any further growth has to be carefully evaluated for uranium availability , as it could become more expensive than other alternatives .
References
[ 1 ] . " Additional recoverable Uranium is estimated to be 35 million tonnes " .
From Martin Sevior 's numbers .
[ 2 ] .
I will make the assumption that EROEI for the whole nuclear energy system is positive for any given ore grade .
[ 3 ] .
From Martin Sevior 's numbers .
[ 4 ] .
" Sensitivity Analysis of the cost of Nuclear Power " , from The Uranium Information center
[ 5 ] .
Nuclear Power in the World Today , World Nuclear Association .
[ 6 ] .
International Energy Outlook 2006
[ 7 ] .
" What exactly is the share of electricity in France 's energy consumption ? "
[ 8 ] .
Ten times current uranium consumption = 650 Mt. Current production = 40 Mt . 650Mt/40Mt = 16.25
[ 9 ] .
" Security assessment of future UK electricity scenarios " , Tyndall Center .
[ 10 ] .
Levelized Costs of Electricity Production by Technology .
California Energy Commission .
[ 11 ] .
European Concentrated Solar Thermal Roadmap , " ECOSTAR " href=http://www.promes.cnrs.fr/ACTIONS/Europeenes/downloads/ECOSTAR.Summary.pdf>
[ 12 ] , [ 13 ] .
The DESERTEC concept by the TREC initiative .
[ 14 ] .
" The Economics of Reprocessing in the United States " .
[ 15 ] .
" A Technology Roadmap for the Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems " , Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) .
Webmaster : Sam
About Me : Urban Pop Culture Enthusiast
From : London , United Kingdom
Site Since : February 2007
Current Version : 5.1
Email : sam@thatgrapejuice.net
Additional :
More .. SamUrban Pop Culture EnthusiastLondon , United KingdomFebruary 20075.1
That Grape Juice aims to be a reliable source for all that is Urban Pop Culture .
False information will never deliberately be posted on this site .
By posting news , rumors etc , we are in no way stating that they are 100 % accurate .
Much of what is written will be from my own perspective , which I am damn well entitled to have !
I do not own the rights to any of the pictures posted on here ; if there are any problems with me using them , please do get in contact .
Layout Design by Pannasmontata
// TGJ Header Image © Johnny W .
Feel free to donate to the site .
All monetary contributions are much appreciated :)
- Songs as Ringtones - ????
Every media capable phone should have this
- Games - Eventually maybe ?
Or no support at all ?
That would be lame .
- Any flash support - Eventually , maybe ?
As long as people do n't want it for YouTube .
Their player sucks .
- Instant Messaging -
This is a lame feature anyway
- Picture messages ( MMS ) -
That 's lame .
It 's a fairly useful feature .
- Video recording - Not a huge loss , but a fun feature that I use surprisingly often on my phone .
- Direct iTunes Music Store Access ( Over Wi-Fi or EDGE ) -
That does n't make any sense .
Lame .
- Voice recognition or voice dialing - Even the cheapest phones have this .
Lame .
- Wireless Bluetooth Stereo Streaming - I thought music was a huge part of this phone ...?
Lame
- One - size - fits - all headset jack ( May have to buy an adapter for certain headphones ) - See above answer .
Stuff we already knew it did n't have
- 3G ( EV - DO / HSDPA ) - I do n't use the internet at all on my phone , so it could have the slowest access possible , and I 'd be fine with that .
- GPS - Even really cheap phones have this .
Lame .
- A real keyboard - So what ?
Touch screen is fine .
Have you tried to use a Q's keyboard ?
They suck .
- Removable battery - That 's kind of dumb .
- Expandable Storage - An SD slot of some sort would have been nice .
Not for more room , but for transferring stuff from other sources ( other phones , computers )
As a young child -- I guess I was about 3 years old , given that my youngest sister is two years younger than me -- my mother had a late - term abortion .
Now , to be fair , I do n't know if she had a D&E or some other procedure -- it 's a very painful memory for her , understandably , and I 'm not going to ask her about it .
But the circumstances were as follow :
The baby was sick .
I do n't know exactly what was wrong , but the doctors told my parents that there was only about a 50/50 chance the baby would survive to term .
They also said the chances my mother would survive childbirth -- I 'm one of four kids , and apparently the only one whose labor was relatively easy -- were only infinitesimally better than the probability of finding the missing WMD in Iraq .
Even if my parents did n't have four children aged five or younger at the time , the decision to have an abortion would have been a no - brainer -- as painful a decision as it was , my mother 's life and health were , are , and forever will be far more important than the potential for the life and health of another human being not even born yet .
And so my mother had a late - term abortion that saved her life .
I love my sisters , now aged 30 , 27 , and 26 .
They are my favorite people in the world and there is nothing I would n't do for them .
Our other sibling , the one who might have been born , would now be 25 had s/he survived , and given the nature of my relationship with my sisters , I have no doubt I would have had a similar dynamic with my little brother or sister .
But we would have grown up without our mother , and our father would have had to take care of us without his wife .
Our lives would have been very different in so many ways I cannot count , none of them good .
Republicans like to talk about abortion as a right - to - life issue and as a family values issue .
What of my mother 's right not to die for the sake of a child that might not survive ?
What of the right of my father not to sacrifice his wife to the private religious agenda of male politicians in Washington ?
What of the right of my sisters and I to grow up with our mother ?
What of the right of God - only - knows how many other families not to be devastated by the unnecessary death of a loved one ?
What of the family value of not depriving children of their mother ?
What of the horrific long - term effects of such losses , not just on the family but on society as a whole ?
I thank God every day that my parents had the good sense to do what was medically necessary to save Mom 's life , and that Mom 's doctors were capable of performing the necessary procedure .
I mourn for all the families who will lose their mothers , sisters , daughters , and partners because of this insanity .
Cross posted at Street Prophets , NION , ProgressiveHistorians , MLW , and Talk To Action .
There were at least three chlorine bomb attacks during February
Two of the attacks were near the city of Falluja , the third near Ramadi , west of Baghdad .
Both areas are hotbeds of al - Qaeda militants .
Chlorine gas can cause severe burns to the throat and lungs and can kill after only a few breaths .
There were at least three such attacks in Iraq in February .
The BBC's Hugh Sykes , in Baghdad , describes the use of the gas as an unsettling and possibly ominous development that could greatly increase fear and anxiety .
' Vomiting '
The heaviest casualties were in a suicide attack on Friday evening at the entrance to a housing estate south of Falluja in which six people were reported to have been killed .
The injured included at least 27 children .
Officials say that in both attacks the assailants drove dumper trucks containing the bombs at their targets .
One of the trucks is reported to have contained a 200 gallon ( 900 litre ) tank of chlorine and explosives .
The third attack was at a checkpoint near Ramadi .
" Approximately 350 Iraqi civilians and six coalition force members were treated for chlorine gas exposure , " Lt Roger Hollenbeck of the US - led forces based near Ramadi said , AFP news agency reported .
He said that victims were treated locally " for symptoms ranging from minor skin and lung irritation to vomiting " .
Our correspondent says that two of the bombers are thought to have been targeting tribal leaders who have spoken out against al - Qaeda in Iraq .
Easily obtained
Our correspondent says that chlorine is easy to obtain as it is widely used as a cleaner and a water purifier .
After an explosion outside a restaurant near Baghdad last month , as well as the six people killed , dozens of others were left coughing and choking and needing medical treatment .
In February the United States military reported finding a bomb factory near Falluja , where chlorine car bombs were being constructed .
In another attack near Falluja last month , not involving chlorine , more than 35 people were killed when a conventional truck bomb exploded near a mosque where the imam had criticised al - Qaeda in Iraq .
Some tribal leaders in the area have openly complained about al - Qaeda 's activities .
But Mr. Snow said , “ If they issue subpoenas , the offer is withdrawn , because it means that they will not have responded to the offer .
They will have rejected the offer . ”
“ The moment subpoenas are issued , it means that they ’ve rejected the offer , ” Mr. Snow emphasized .
Responding defiantly on Tuesday , Mr. Bush said he would resist any effort to put his top aides under “ the klieg lights ” in “ show trials ” on Capitol Hill , and he reiterated his support for Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales , whose backing among Republicans on Capitol Hill ebbed further .
“ We will not go along with a partisan fishing expedition aimed at honorable public servants , ” the president told reporters in a brief and hastily convened appearance in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House .
The pointed exchange was set off by a Democratic inquiry into whether the White House let politics interfere with law enforcement by dismissing eight of the nation ’s 93 United States attorneys .
The dismissals and the way the Justice Department informed Congress about them have created an uproar in both parties , as Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill have demanded explanations .
Tuesday ’s confrontation was the sharpest yet between the Bush White House and the new Democratic majority in Congress on a matter of oversight , and it set the stage for a legal showdown over executive privilege .
The White House vowed to fight any subpoenas in court .
The fallout from the dismissals continued to ripple across the capital .
In the Senate , lawmakers responded to the furor over the firings on Tuesday by voting overwhelmingly to revoke the authority they had granted the administration last year under the USA Patriot Act to install federal prosecutors indefinitely without Senate confirmation .
Lawmakers also spent the day poring over 3,000 pages of newly released e-mail messages that provided a glimpse inside the Justice Department as officials planned the dismissals and then reacted to the issue as it ignited into a political crisis .
Developer Notes for prototype.js
covers version 1.5.0
by
last update : August 18th 2007
Other versions PDF from O'Reilly Korean ( v1.5.0 ) Vietnamese ( v1.5.0 ) Dutch ( v1.5.0 ) Japanese ( v1.5.0 ) PDF ( v1.4.0 ) French ( v1.4.0 ) Turkish ( v1.4.0 ) Korean ( v1.4.0 ) Italian ( v1.4.0 ) Portuguese ( v1.4.0 ) Chinese ( v1.4.0 ) Chinese ( v1.4.0 ) Hungarian ( v1.4.0 ) Dutch ( v1.4.0 ) Polish ( v1.4.0 ) English ( v1.4.0 ) English ( v1.3.1 ) French ( v1.3.1 ) Romanian ( v1.3.1 ) Russian ( v1.3.1 )
Other versions ( volunteers needed )
Table of Contents
What is that ?
In case you have n't already used it , prototype.js is a JavaScript library initially written by Sam Stephenson .
This amazingly well thought and well written piece of standards - compliant code takes a lot of the burden associated with creating rich , highly interactive web pages that characterize the Web 2.0 off your back .
When I first started trying to use this library , a few years ago , I noticed that the documentation was definitely not one of its strongest points .
As many other developers before me , I got my head around prototype.js by reading the source code and experimenting with it .
I thought it would be nice to take notes while I learned and share with everybody else .
I 'm also offering an un-official reference for the objects , classes , functions , and extensions provided by this library .
As you read the examples and the reference , developers familiar with the Ruby programming language will notice an intentional similarity between Ruby 's built - in classes and many of the extensions implemented by this library .
That 's not surprising since prototype.js is a spinoff and is directly influenced by the requirements of the Ruby on Rails framework .
As far as browser support goes , prototype.js tries to support Internet Explorer ( Windows ) 6.0+ , Mozilla Firefox 1.5+ , Apple Safari 1.0+ , and Opera 9 + .
Supporting these browsers also cause some other browsers that share their rendering engines to be supported as well , like Camino , Konqueror , IceWeasel , Netscape 6 + , SeaMonkey , etc .
toc
Related article
Advanced JavaScript guide .
toc
The utility functions
The library comes with many predefined objects and utility functions .
The obvious goal of these functions is to save you a lot of repeated typing and idioms .
toc
Using the $ ( ) function
The $ ( ) function is a handy shortcut to the all - too - frequent document.getElementById( ) function of the DOM .
Like the DOM function , this one returns the element that has the id passed as an argument .
Unlike the DOM function , though , this one goes further .
The returned element object will be augmented with some extra methods .
These extra methods simplify many tasks , like hiding / showing the element , getting its size , scrolling to the element , etc .
You can get a \list of the methods that are added to the returned element object in the reference for the Element .
Methods object .
Furthermore , if the element is a form it will also receive copies of the utility methods from Form .
Methods and if the element is a form field ( input , select , or textarea ) it will additionally receive copies of the utility methods from Form .
Element .
Methods .
< html > < head > < title > Test Page </ title > < script src=" prototype.js " ></ script > < script > function test ( ) { var d = $ ( ' myDiv ' ) ; alert ( d.innerHTML ) ; d.hide ( ) ; d.show ( ) ; d.addClassName('active ' ) ; } </script > </ head > < body > < div id =" myDiv " > < p > This is a paragraph </ p> </div > < div id =" myOtherDiv " > < p > This is another paragraph < / p> </div > < input type=" button " value = " Test $ ( ) " onclick = " test ( ) ; " /><br/> </body > </html >
Because many of the new methods added to the element return the element itself , you can chain the method calls to make more compact code :
// change the text , the CSS class , and make the element visible $ ( ' messageDiv' ) .update ( ' Your order was accepted .') .addClassName('operationOK ') . show ( ) ;
Another nice thing about this function is that you can pass either the id string or the element object itself , which makes this function very useful when creating other functions that can also take either form of argument .
toc
Using the $ $ ( ) function
The $ $ ( ) function will help you a lot if you consistently separate CSS from the content wireframe .
It parses one or more CSS filtering expressions , analogous to the ones used to define CSS rules , and returns the elements that match these filters .
It 's so easy to use it 's ridiculous .
Check this out .
< script > function test $ $ ( ) {
/* in case CSS is not your forte , the expression below says ' find all the INPUT elements that are inside elements with class=field that are inside a DIV with id equal to loginForm . ' */ var f = $ $ ( ' div#loginForm . field input ' ) ; var s = '' ; for ( var i=0 ; i< f.length ; i++) { s += f[i ] .value + '/' ; } alert (s ) ; // shows : " joedoe1/ secret / " //now passing more than one expression f = $ $ ( 'div#loginForm .field input ' , ' div#loginForm .fieldName ' ) ; s = '' ; for ( var i=0 ; i< f.length ; i++) { s += ( f[i ] .value ? f[i ].value : f[i].innerHTML
) + '/' ; } alert(s ) ; //shows : " joedoe1 / secret / User name :/ Password :/ " } </script > < div id='loginForm '> < div class= ' field '> < span class=' fieldName '>
User name :</ span > < input type=' text ' id='txtName ' value= ' joedoe1 '/> </div > < div class= ' field '> < span class=' fieldName '>
Password :</ span > < input type=' password ' id='txtPass ' value= ' secret ' /> </div> < input type=' submit ' value= ' login' /> </div> < input type=button value= 'test $ $ ( ) ' onclick=' test $ $ ( ) ; ' />
A quick note on performance .
The current implementation of the $ $ ( ) function in prototype.js is not regarded as particularly efficient .
If you plan on traversing deep and complex HTML documents using this function frequently , you may want to consider other freely available implementations , possibly simply substituting the $ $ ( ) function itself .
toc
Using the $ F ( ) function
The $ F ( ) function is another welcome shortcut .
It returns the value of any field input control , like text boxes or drop - down lists .
The function can take as argument either the element id or the element object itself .
< script > function test3 ( ) { alert ( $ F( 'userName ' ) ) ; } </script > < input type =" text " id =" userName " value= " Joe Doe " >< br / > < input type=" button " value= " Test3 " onclick = " test3 ( ) ; " >< br/>
toc
Using the $ A ( ) function
The $ A ( ) function converts the single argument it receives into an Array object .
This function , combined with the extensions for the Array class , makes it easier to convert or copy any enumerable list into an Array object .
One suggested use is to convert DOM NodeLists into regular arrays , which can be traversed more efficiently .
See example below .
< script > function showOptions ( ) { var someNodeList = $ ( 'lstEmployees ').getElementsByTagName('option ' ) ; var nodes = $ A( someNodeList ) ; nodes.each( function ( node ) { alert( node.nodeName + ': ' + node.innerHTML ) ; } ) ; } </script > < select id =" lstEmployees " size = " 10 " > < option value = " 5 " > Buchanan , Steven < / option > < option value= " 8 " > Callahan , Laura < / option > < option value= " 1 " > Davolio , Nancy < / option > </ select > < input type=" button " value =
" Show the options " onclick = " showOptions ( ) ; " >
toc
Using the $ H ( ) function
The $ H ( ) function converts objects into enumerable Hash objects that resemble associative arrays .
< script > function testHash ( ) { // let 's create the object var a = { first : 10 , second : 20 , third : 30 } ; //now transform it into a hash var h = $ H(a ) ; alert ( h.toQueryString ( ) ) ; //displays : first=10&second=20&third=30 } </ script >
toc
Using the $ R ( ) function
The $ R ( ) function is simply a short hand to writing new ObjectRange ( lowerBound , upperBound , excludeBounds ) .
Jump to the ObjectRange class documentation for a complete explanation of this class .
In the meantime , let 's take a look at a simple example that also shows the usage of iterators through the each method .
More on that method will be found in the Enumerable object documentation .
< script > function demoDollar_R ( ) { var range = $ R( 10 , 20 , false ) ; range.each ( function ( value , index ) { alert ( value ) ; } ) ; } </script > < input type=" button " value= " Sample Count " onclick =" demoDollar_R ( ) ; " />
toc
Using the Try. these ( ) function
The Try. these ( ) function makes it easy when you want to , ahem , try different function calls until one of them works .
It takes a number of functions as arguments and calls them one by one , in sequence , until one of them works , returning the result of that successful function call .
In the example below , the function xmlNode . text works in some browsers , and xmlNode .
textContent works in the other browsers .
Using the Try. these ( ) function we can return the one that works .
< script > function getXmlNodeValue( xmlNode ) { return Try. these ( function ( ) { return xmlNode.text;} , function ( ) { return xmlNode.textContent;} ) ; } </script >
toc
Tricked out strings
Strings are powerful objects .
Prototype.js takes that power and elevates it by another level of magnitude .
String substitutions
When it comes string substitutions JavaScript already has the methods like String .
Replace , which even works with regular expressions , but it 's still not as flexible as the alternative introduced by prototype.js .
Meet the new String. gsub method .
With this method you can not only find and replace a fixed string or a regular expression pattern , but you also have much more control over the replacement process .
You can , for example , use a string template to instruct the method on how you would like the found elements to be transformed ( rather than simply replaced . )
The example below searches for words containing 't ' and replaces the portion that comes after the 't ' with ' tizzle ' , in a lame shot at being funny .
In case the example is not very clear , the regular expression we chose has a capture group declaration : the \w+ enclosed in parenthesis .
We can get the value captured by this group using # {1} in the replacement template string .
In our example we are capturing what comes before the 't ' and appending ' tizzle ' to it .
If we had more capture groups in the regular expression , we would get the values with # {2} , # {3} , and so on .
< script > function talkLikeYouKnowSomething ( ) { var s = ' prototype string extensions can help you ' ; var snoopdogfy = /\b( \w+ ) t\w+\b/ ; var snooptalk = s.gsub ( snoopdogfy , '# {1}tizzle ' ) ; alert ( snooptalk ) ; // shows : " prototizzle stizzle extizzle can help you " } </ script >
Let 's not stop there .
The substitution we have just made is not all that powerful because we are limited to pattern matching and substitutions .
What if we could operate on the matches with custom logic to produce the desired substitution vaues ?
We can do that if we pass a function as the second argument to gsub .
The function will receive an array with the matched text ( index 0 ) and any capture group values ( index 1 to N. )
< script > function scamCustomers ( ) { var prices = ' book1 $ 12.5 , magazine $ 5.50 , pencil $ 1.20 ' ; var priceFinder = / \$ ( [ 0 - 9\ . ] + ) / ; var r = prices.gsub( priceFinder , jackUp ) ; alert (r ) ;// shows : " book1 $ 13.75 , magazine $ 6.05 , pencil $ 1.32 " } function jack Up ( matches ) { // increases the prices by 10 % var price = parseFloat ( matches [ 1 ] ) ; return ' $ ' + Math.round ( 110 * price ) /100 ; } </script >
String templates
As you increase the amount of JavaScript code in your applications , increasingly you 'll find yourself with collections of objects of the same type and that you need to list or present in a formatted way .
It 's not rare to find code in your applications that loops through a list of objects , building a string based on the object properties and some fixed formatting elements .
Prototype.js comes with the Template class , which aims at helping you with exactly this type of scenarios .
The example below shows how to format a list of items in a shopping cart in multiple HTML lines .
< script > function printCart ( ) { // creating a sample cart var cart = new Object ( ) ; cart.items = [ ] ; // putting some sample items in the cart cart.items.push ( {product : ' Book 123 ' , price : 24.50 , quantity : 1} ) ; cart.items.push ( {product : ' Set of Pens ' , price : 5.44 , quantity : 3} ) ; cart.items.push ( {product : ' Gift Card ' , price : 10.00 , quantity : 4} ) ; //here we create our template for formatting each item var itemFormat = new Template ( ' You are ordering #{quantity} units ' + ' of # {product} at $ #{price} each ' ) ; var formatted = '' ; for ( var i=0 ; i<cart.items.length ; i++) { var cartItem = cart.items[i ] ; formatted += itemFormat.evaluate(cartItem ) + '< br/>
' ; } alert ( formatted ) ; /* SHOWS : You are ordering 1 units of Book 123 at $ 24.5 each < br / >
You are ordering 3 units of Set of Pens at $ 5.44 each < br / >
You are ordering 4 units of Gift Card at $ 10 each < br / > */ } </script >
For a more complete list of new methods , see the String extensions reference .
toc
The Ajax object
The utility functions mentioned above are nice but , let 's face it , they are not the most advanced type of thing , now are they ?
You could probably have done it yourself and you may even have similar functions in your own scripts .
But those functions are just the tip of the iceberg .
I 'm sure that your interest in prototype.js is driven mostly by its AJAX capabilities .
So let 's explain how the library makes your life easier when you need to perform AJAX logic .
The Ajax object is a pre-defined object , created by the library to wrap and simplify the tricky code that is involved when writing AJAX functionality .
This object contains a number of classes that provide encapsulated AJAX logic .
Let 's take a look at some of them .
toc
Using the Ajax .
Request class
If you are not using any helper library , you are probably writing a whole lot of code to create a XMLHttpRequest object and then track its progress asynchronously , then extract the response and process it .
And consider yourself lucky if you do not have to support more than one type of browser .
To assist with AJAX functionality , the library defines the Ajax .
Request class .
Let 's say you have an application that can communicate with the server via the url http://yourserver/app/get_sales?empID=1234&year=1998 , which returns an XML response like the following .
<?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " utf - 8 " ?> < ajax - response > < response type=" object " id=" productDetails " > < monthly - sales > < employee - sales > < employee - id>1234</employee-id > < year - month > 1998-01</year - month > < sales >
$ 8,115.36</sales > </employee-sales > < employee - sales > < employee - id>1234</employee-id > < year - month > 1998-02</year - month > < sales >
$ 11,147.51</sales > </employee- sales > </monthly - sales > </ response > </ ajax - response >
Talking to the server to retrieve this XML is pretty simple using an Ajax .
Request object .
The sample below shows how it can be done .
< script > function searchSales ( ) { var empID = $ F( 'lstEmployees ' ) ; var y = $ F ( 'lstYears ' ) ; var url = ' http://yourserver/app/get_sales ' ; var pars = ' empID= ' + empID + ' & year= ' + y ; var myAjax = new Ajax .
Request ( url , { method : ' get ' , parameters : pars , onComplete : showResponse } ) ; } function showResponse ( originalRequest ) { // put returned XML in the textarea $ ( ' result ' ) .value = originalRequest.responseText ; } </script > < select id =" lstEmployees " size = " 10 " onchange= " searchSales ( ) " > < option value= " 5 " > Buchanan , Steven < / option > < option value= " 8 " > Callahan , Laura < / option > < option value= " 1 " > Davolio , Nancy < / option > </ select > < select id =" lstYears " size= " 3 " onchange= " searchSales ( ) " > < option selected =" selected " value = " 1996 " >1996</option > < option value = " 1997 " >1997</option > < option value = " 1998 " >1998</option > </ select > < br/>< textarea id =" result " cols=60 rows=10 ></textarea >
Can you see the second parameter passed to the constructor of the Ajax .
Request object ?
The parameter {method : ' get ' , parameters : pars , onComplete : showResponse} represents an anonymous object in literal notation ( a.k.a. JSON ) .
What it means is that we are passing an object that has a property named method that contains the string ' get ' , another property named parameters that contains the querystring of the HTTP request , and an onComplete property / method containing the function showResponse .
There are a few other properties that you can define and populate in this object , like asynchronous , which can be true or false and determines if the AJAX call to the server will be made asynchronously ( the default value is true . )
This parameter defines the options for the AJAX call .
In our sample , we are calling the url in the first argument via a HTTP GET command , passing the querystring contained in the variable pars , and the Ajax .
Request object will call the showResponse function when it finishes retrieving the response .
As you may know , the XMLHttpRequest reports progress during the HTTP call .
This progress can inform four different stages : Loading , Loaded , Interactive , or Complete .
You can make the Ajax .
Request object call a custom function in any of these stages , the Complete being the most common one .
To inform the function to the object , simply provide property / methods named onXXXXX in the request options , just like the onComplete from our example .
The function you pass in will be called by the object with two arguments , the first one will be the XMLHttpRequest ( a.k.a. XHR ) object itself and the second one will be the evaluated X - JSON response HTTP header ( if one is present ) .
You can then use the XHR to get the returned data and maybe check the status property , which will contain the HTTP result code of the call .
The X - JSON header is useful if you want to return some script or JSON - formatted data .
Two other interesting options can be used to process the results .
We can specify the onSuccess option as a function to be called when the AJAX call executes without errors and , conversely , the onFailure option can be a function to be called when a server error happens .
Just like the onXXXXX option functions , these two will also be called passing the XHR that carried the AJAX call and the evaluated X - JSON header .
Our sample did not process the XML response in any interesting way .
We just dumped the XML in the textarea .
A typical usage of the response would probably find the desired information inside the XML and update some page elements , or maybe even some sort of XSLT transformation to produce HTML in the page .
There 's also another form of event callback handling available .
If you have code that should always be executed for a particular event , regardless of which AJAX call caused it to happen , then you can use the new Ajax .
Responders object .
Let 's suppose you want to show some visual indication that an AJAX call is in progress , like a spinning icon or something of that nature .
You can use two global event handlers to help you , one to show the icon when the first call starts and another one to hide the icon when the last one finishes .
See example below .
< script > var myGlobalHandlers = { onCreate : function ( ) { Element.show ( 'systemWorking ' ) ; } , onComplete : function ( ) { if ( Ajax.activeRequestCount == 0 ) { Element.hide('systemWorking ' ) ; } } } ; Ajax.Responders.register(myGlobalHandlers ) ; </ script > < div id='systemWorking '>< img src='spinner.gif '> Loading ...</div>
For more complete explanations , see the Ajax .
Request reference and the options reference .
toc
If you have a server endpoint that can return information already formatted in HTML , the library makes life even easier for you with the Ajax .
Updater class .
With it you just inform which element should be filled with the HTML returned from the AJAX call .
An example speaks better than I can write .
< script > function getHTML ( ) { var url = ' http://yourserver/app/getSomeHTML ' ; var pars = ' someParameter=ABC ' ; var myAjax = new Ajax .
Updater ( ' placeholder ' , url , { method : ' get ' , parameters : pars } ) ; } </script > < input type=" button " value= " GetHtml " onclick = " getHTML ( ) " /> < div id =" placeholder " ></div >
As you can see , the code is very similar to the previous example , with the exclusion of the onComplete function and the element id being passed in the constructor .
Let 's change the code a little bit to illustrate how it is possible to handle server errors on the client .
We will add more options to the call , specifying a function to capture error conditions .
This is done using the onFailure option .
We will also specify that the placeholder only gets populated in case of a successful operation .
To achieve this we will change the first parameter from a simple element id to an object with two properties , success ( to be used when everything goes OK ) and failure ( to be used when things go bad . )
We will not be using the failure property in our example , just the reportError function in the onFailure option .
< script > function getHTML ( ) { var url = ' http://yourserver/app/getSomeHTML ' ; var pars = ' someParameter=ABC ' ; var myAjax = new Ajax .
Updater ( {success : ' placeholder'} , url , { method : ' get ' , parameters : pars , on Failure : reportError } ) ; } function reportError( request ) { alert ( ' Sorry .
There was an error . ' ) ; } </script > < input type=" button " value= " GetHtml " onclick = " getHTML ( ) " /> < div id =" placeholder " ></div >
If your server logic returns JavaScript code along with HTML markup , the Ajax .
Updater object can evaluate that JavaScript code .
To get the object to treat the response as JavaScript , you simply add evalScripts : true ; to the list of properties in the last argument of the object constructor .
But there 's a caveat .
Those script blocks will not be added to the page 's script .
As the option name evalScripts suggests , the scripts will be evaluated .
What 's the difference , you may ask ?
Lets assume the requested URL returns something like this :
< script language= " javascript " type = " text / javascript " > function sayHi( ) { alert ( ' Hi ' ) ; } </script > < input type=" button " value= " Click Me " onclick = " sayHi ( ) " / >
In case you 've tried it before , you know it does n't work .
The reason is that the script block will be evaluated , and evaluating a script like the above will not create a function named say Hi .
It will do nothing .
To create this function we need to change our script to create the function .
See below .
< script language= " javascript " type = " text / javascript " > sayHi = function ( ) { alert ( ' Hi ' ) ; } ; </script > < input type=" button " value= " Click Me " onclick = " sayHi ( ) " / >
Note that in the previous example we did not use the var keyword to declare the variable .
Doing so would have created a function object that would be local to the script block ( at least in IE ) .
Without the var keyword the function object is scoped to the window , which is our intent .
For more complete explanations , see the Ajax .
Updater reference and the options reference .
toc
What are all those " ? " and squares ?
So you went and wrote some quick test scripts to update your pages using the Ajax .
Updater object and it all worked fine .
Life was good until you ran your scripts against real data .
All of a sudden the updated text was displayed with question marks or unprintable character symbols where the non-English characters should be .
Your first suspect is prototype.js ,
Of course , it seemed too easy to be true .
But do n't blame the library just yet .
Ask yourself how much you really understand character encoding , code pages , and how the browser deals with it .
If you have a positive answer then I bet you are on your way to fix the problem .
If you are among the other 80 % ( another useless , imprecise author 's estimate ) of web developers that take character encoding for granted , keep reading .
I wo n't pretend to be an authority on the topic , much less give you a complete explanation of how this is best handled .
Instead you go straight to the solution that I use and provide hints on how this could be fixed in your own scenario .
Simply put , the solution revolves around the following statement :
Serve what the browser is expecting you to serve .
If we are going to update the page with text that contains Unicode / UTF - 8 characters then we better make the browser aware of that .
Let 's start with the simple case when you are just updating the page with text from a static HTML file that resides on your server .
When you created that file , depending on which text editor you employed , it is very possible that the file was saved in ANSI ( or better said , non-Unicode ) format .
This is the default for many text editors , especially source code editors , because the file size will be smaller and it's rather unusual to edit source code with Unicode characters in it .
Suppose you have the following file named static - content . html on your server .
You saved this file saved in ANSI format .
< div >
Hi there , José .
Yo no hablo español .
</div >
Your main page updates itself using something like the snippet below .
< script > function updateWithFile ( ) { var url = ' static -content.html ' ; var pars = '' ; var myAjax = new Ajax .
Updater ( ' placeholder ' , url , {method : ' get ' , parameters : pars} ) ; } </script > < div id =" placeholder " >( this will be replaced ) < / div > < input id =" btn " value= " Test With Static File " onclick =" updateWithFile ( ) " type=" button " />
When you click the button the static file is retrieved but the non-English characters are replaced by question marks or some other symbol .
The displayed text will look similar to " Hi there , Jos ?.
Yo no hablo espa?ol . " or " Hi there , Jos ?
Yo no hablo espa ? " , depending on your browser .
In this case , the solution is straightforward , simply save the static file in an appropriate format .
Let 's save it in UTF - 8 and run the script again ( any decent text editor will have an option in the Save As dialog . )
You should now see the correct text ( if not , your browser may have cached the old version , try using a different file name . )
If the HTML that you are serving is not static , if it is being dynamically generated by some application framework ( like ASP .
NET , PHP , or even Perl , ) make sure the code that generates this HTML is producing the text in the appropriate encoding and code page , and include in the HTTP response headers one header that informs this .
Each platform has a different way to achieve this , but they are very similar .
For example , in ASP.
NET you can set this globally in your web.config file and the default configuration is good enough to avoid this problem in the first place .
You should already have the following section in your web.config .
< globalization requestEncoding = " utf - 8 " responseEncoding = " utf - 8 " />
In classic ASP 3.0 you can fix this problem using the following code .
Response .CodePage = 65001 Response .
CharSet = " utf - 8 "
In PHP the syntax to add the response header looks like this .
<? php header ( ' Content - Type : text / html ; charset=utf - 8 ' ) ; ?>
In any case , your ultimate goal is to have the following HTTP header sent with your response .
Content - Type : text / html ; charset=utf -8
We used UTF - 8 in our examples above , but if you need a different setting you can easily change .
Enumerating ...
Wow !
Damn !
Wahoo !
We are all familiar with for loops .
You know , create yourself an array , populate it with elements of the same kind , create a loop control structure ( for , foreach , while , repeat , etc , ) access each element sequentially , by its numeric index , and do something with the element .
When you come to think about it , almost every time you have an array in your code it means that you 'll be using that array in a loop sooner or later .
Would n't it be nice if the array objects had more functionality to deal with these iterations ?
Yes , it would , and many programming languages provide such functionality in their arrays or equivalent structures ( like collections and lists . )
Well , it turns out that prototype.js gives us the Enumerable object , which implements a plethora of tricks for us to use when dealing with iterable data .
The prototype.js library goes one step further and extends the Array class with all the methods of Enumerable .
toc
Loops , Ruby - style
In standard javascript , if you wanted to sequentially display the elements of an array , you could very well write something like this .
< script > function showList ( ) { var simpsons = [ ' Homer ' , ' Marge ' , ' Lisa ' , ' Bart ' , ' Maggie ' ] ; for ( i=0 ;i< simpsons.length ;i++ ) { alert ( simpsons [ i ] ) ; } } </script > < input type=" button " value = " Show List " onclick = " showList ( ) ; " />
With our new best friend , prototype.js , we can rewrite this loop like this .
function showList ( ) { var simpsons = [ ' Homer ' , ' Marge ' , ' Lisa ' , ' Bart ' , ' Maggie ' ] ; simpsons.each ( function ( family Member ) { alert ( family Member ) ; } ) ; }
You are probably thinking " big freaking deal ... just a weird syntax for the same old thing . "
Well , in the above example , yes , there 's nothing too earth shattering going on .
After all , there 's not much to be changed in such a drop - dead - simple example .
But keep reading , nonetheless .
Before we move on .
Do you see this function that is being passed as an argument to the each method ?
Let 's start referring to it as an iterator function .
toc
Your arrays on steroids
Like we mentioned above , it 's very common for all the elements in your array to be of the same kind , with the same properties and methods .
Let 's see how we can take advantage of iterator functions with our new souped - up arrays .
Here 's how to find an element according to criteria .
< script > function findEmployeeById( emp_id ) { var listBox = $ ( 'lstEmployees ' ) var options = listBox.getElementsByTagName('option ' ) ; options = $ A ( options ) ; var opt = options . find ( function ( employee ) { return ( employee.value == emp_id ) ; } ) ; alert ( opt.innerHTML ) ; //displays the employee name } </ script > < select id =" lstEmployees " size = " 10 " > < option value = " 5 " > Buchanan , Steven < / option > < option value= " 8 " > Callahan , Laura < / option > < option value= " 1 " > Davolio , Nancy < / option > </ select > < input type=" button " value= " Find Laura " onclick= " findEmployeeById ( 8 ) ; " />
Now let 's kick it up another notch .
See how we can filter out items in arrays , and then retrieve just a desired member from each element .
< script > function showLocalLinks ( paragraph ) { paragraph = $ ( paragraph ) ; var links = $ A( paragraph.getElementsByTagName ( 'a ' ) ) ; // find links that do not start with ' http ' var localLinks = links .
findAll ( function ( link ) { // we'll just assume for now that external links // do not have a ' # ' in their url return link.href.indexOf ('# ' ) >= 0 ; } ) ; //now the link texts var texts = localLinks.pluck ('innerHTML ' ) ; // get them in a single string var result = texts.inspect ( ) ; alert ( result ) ; } </script > < p id =" someText " >
This < a href = " http://othersite.com/page.html "> text</a> has a < a href= " #localAnchor " > lot < /a > of < a href= " #otherAnchor " > links </a>.
Some are < a href = " http://wherever.com/page.html ">external</a> and some are < a href= " #someAnchor " > local </a> </ p> < input type=" button " value= " Find Local Links " onclick = " showLocalLinks (' someText ' ) " / >
It takes just a little bit of practice to get completely addicted to this syntax .
Take a look at the Enumerable and Array references for all the available functions .
toc
Books I strongly recommend
Some books are just too good not to pass the word forward .
The following books have helped me a lot learning the new skills required to adequately create AJAX applications and also consolidate the skills I though I already mastered .
I think a good book is money well - spent , that keep paying for itself for a long time .
toc
Reference for prototype.js
Extensions to the JavaScript classes
One of the ways the prototype.js library adds functionality is by extending the existing JavaScript classes .
toc
Extensions for the Object class
Method Kind Arguments Description extend( destination , source ) static destination : any object , source : any object Provides a way to implement inheritance by copying all properties and methods from source to destination . inspect ( targetObj ) static targetObj : any object Returns a human - readable string representation of targetObj .
It defaults to the return value of toString if the given object does not define an inspect instance method .
keys ( targetObj ) static targetObj : any object Returns an Array with the names of all the properties and methods of given object . values ( targetObj ) static targetObj : any object Returns a Array with the values of all the properties and methods of given object .
clone ( targetObj ) static targetObj : any object Returns a shallow copy of targetObj .
toc
Extensions for the Number class
Method Kind Arguments Description toColorPart ( ) instance ( none ) Returns the hexadecimal representation of the number .
Useful when converting the RGB components of a color into its HTML / CSS representation .
succ ( ) instance ( none ) Returns the next number .
This function is used in scenarios that involve iterations .
times ( iterator ) instance iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( index )
Calls the iterator function repeatedly passing the current index in the index argument .
The following sample will display alert message boxes from 0 to 9 .
< script > function demoTimes ( ) { var n = 10 ; n.times ( function ( index ) { alert ( index ) ; } ) ; /*************************** * you could have also used : * ( 10 ) .times ( .... ) ; ***************************/ } </script > < input type=" button " value= " Test Number.times ( ) " onclick =" demoTimes ( ) " / >
toc
Extensions for the Function class
Method Kind Arguments Description bind ( object [ , arg1 [ , arg2 [... ] ] ] ) instance object : the object that owns the method Returns an instance of the function pre-bound to the function ( =method ) owner object .
The returned function will use the same arguments as the original one ( arg1 , arg2 , ... etc ) .
bindAsEventListener ( object [ , arg1 [ , arg2 [... ] ] ] ) instance object : the object that owns the method Returns an instance of the function pre-bound to the function ( =method ) owner object .
The returned function will have the current event object as its first argument followed optionally any other arguments passed after the object argument .
Let 's see one of these extensions in action .
< input type=" checkbox " id =" myChk " value= " 1 " />
Test ? < script > //declaring the class var CheckboxWatcher = Class.create( ) ; //defining the rest of the class implementation CheckboxWatcher .
prototype = { initialize : function ( chkBox , message ) { this .chkBox = $ ( chkBox ) ; this .
message = message ; //assigning our method to the event this.chkBox.onclick = this.showMessage.bindAsEventListener(this , ' from checkbox ' ) ; } , showMessage : function ( evt , extraInfo ) { alert ( this .
message + ' (' + evt.type + ' ) ' + extraInfo ) ; } } ; var watcher = new CheckboxWatcher ( 'my Chk ' , ' Changed ' ) ; </ script >
toc
Extensions for the String class
Method Kind Arguments Description camelize ( ) instance ( none ) Converts a hyphen - delimited - string into a camelCaseString .
This function is useful when writing code that deals with style properties , for example .
capitalize ( ) instance ( none ) Converts the first character to upper case .
dasherize ( ) instance ( none ) Replaces underscores ' _ ' with dashes '- '. escapeHTML ( ) instance ( none ) Returns the string with any HTML markup characters properly escaped evalScripts ( ) instance ( none ) Evaluates each < script /> block found in the string .
extractScripts ( ) instance ( none ) Returns an Array object containing all the < script /> blocks found in the string .
gsub( pattern , replacement ) instance pattern : string or regular expression being searched .
replacement : simple string , template string , or Function ( strings [ ] ) to produce the replacements .
Returns a string that results from finding ( or matching ) the pattern string ( or regular expression ) in the current string and replacing it with the replacement string or the result of calling the replacement function passing an array with the strings that matched the pattern , including eventual regular expression groupings .
When the replacement is a string , it can contain special templating tokens like #{n} , where n is the index of a grouping in the regular expession .
# {0} will be replaced by the entire match , # {1 } the first grouping , # {2 } the second , and so on . parseQuery ( ) instance ( none ) Same as toQueryParams ( ) . scan( pattern , replacement ) instance pattern : string or regular expression being searched .
replacement : Function ( strings [ ] ) to iterate over the matches .
Provides a way to iterate over matched patterns in the string and operate on them .
The pattern argument can be a string or a RegExp but a RegExp is evidently more useful .
Similarly , the replacement argument can be a string or a function but it probably only makes sense to pass in a function to be able to produce anything useful .
strip ( ) instance ( none ) Returns the string without any leading or trailing white spaces .
stripScripts ( ) instance ( none ) Returns the string with any < script /> blocks removed sub ( pattern , replacement [ , count ] ) instance pattern : string or regular expression being searched .
replacement : string , or Function ( strings [ ] ) to produce the replacements .
count : number or replacements to perform - defaults to 1 .
Very similar to gsub but only performs a limited number of replacements , specified by the count parameter .
toArray ( ) instance ( none ) Splits the string into an Array of its characters .
toQueryParams ( ) instance ( none ) Splits a querystring into an associative Array indexed by parameter name ( more like a hash ) .
truncate ( length [ , truncation ] ) instance length : maximum length of the resulting string .
truncation : string used to replace the last characters of the resulting string - defaults to '...'
Used to produce a string of a known maximum length .
In case the string needs to be truncated to maintain the maximum length , the text given in the truncation argument is used to replace the last few characters .
( e.g. : var s= '123456790 ' ; alert ( s.truncate ( 5 ) ) ; //displays ' 12 ...' ) underscore ( ) instance ( none ) Converts a CamelizedStringValue into a uderscore_formatted_string .
( e.g. : var s=' Namespace :: MyClass123 ' ; alert(s.underscore ( ) ) ; //displays ' namespace/my_class123 ' ) .
This function seems to be directly target at supporting Ruby on Rails functionality . unescapeHTML ( ) instance ( none ) The reverse of escapeHTML ( )
toc
Extensions for the Array class
To start off , Array extends Enumerable , so all the handy methods defined in the Enumerable object are available .
Besides that , the methods listed below are also implemented .
Method Kind Arguments Description clear ( ) instance ( none ) Empties the array and returns itself .
compact ( ) instance ( none ) Returns the array without the elements that are null or undefined .
This method does not change the array itself first ( ) instance ( none ) Returns the first element of the array .
flatten ( ) instance ( none ) Returns a flat , one - dimensional version of the array .
This flattening happens by finding each of the array 's elements that are also arrays and including their elements in the returned array , recursively . indexOf( value ) instance value : what you are looking for .
Returns the zero - based position of the given value if it is found in the array .
Returns - 1 if value is not found . inspect ( ) instance ( none ) Overridden to return a nicely formatted string representation of the array with its elements .
last ( ) instance ( none ) Returns the last element of the array .
reverse ( [ applyToSelf ] ) instance applyToSelf : indicates if the array itself should also be reversed .
Returns the array in reverse sequence .
If no argument is given or if the argument is true the array itself will be changed .
Otherwise it will remain unchanged .
shift ( ) instance ( none )
Returns the first element and removes it from the array , reducing the array 's length by 1. without ( value1 [ , value2 [ , .. valueN ] ] ) instance value1 ... valueN : values to be excluded if present in the array .
Returns the array excluding the elements that are included in the list of arguments .
This method does not change the array itself .
Let 's see some of these methods in action .
< script > var A = [ 'a ' , 'b ' , 'c' , ' d ' , 'e ' , 'f ' , ' g ' , ' h ' ] ; alert ( A.inspect ( ) ) ; // " [ 'a ' , 'b ' , 'c ' , ' d ' , 'e ' , 'f ' , ' g ' , ' h ' ] " var B = A.without ( 'e ' , 'f ' ) ; alert ( B.inspect ( ) ) ; // " [ 'a ' , 'b ' , 'c ' , ' d ' , ' g ' , ' h ' ] " alert ( A.inspect ( ) ) ; // did not change A : " [ 'a ' , 'b ' , 'c ' , ' d ' , 'e ' , 'f ' , ' g ' , ' h ' ] " A.push ( null ) ; A.push ( 'x ' ) ; A.push ( null ) ; A.push ( 'y ' ) ; alert ( A.inspect ( ) ) ; // " [ 'a ' , 'b ' , 'c ' , ' d ' , 'e ' , 'f ' , 'g ' , 'h ' , null , 'x ' , null , 'y ' ] " A = A.compact ( ) ; alert ( A.inspect ( ) ) ; // " [ 'a ' , 'b ' , 'c ' , ' d ' , 'e ' , 'f ' , ' g ' , ' h ' , 'x ' , 'y ' ] " var e = A.shift ( ) ; alert(e ) ; // " a " alert ( A.inspect ( ) ) ; // " [ 'b ' , 'c ' , ' d ' , 'e ' , 'f ' , 'g ' , ' h ' , 'x ' , 'y ' ] " alert ( A.indexOf ( 'c ' ) ) ; // 1 alert ( A.first( ) ) ; // 'b ' alert ( A.last ( ) ) ; // 'y ' A.clear ( ) ; alert ( A.inspect ( ) ) ; // " [ ] "
A = [ 'a ' , 'b ' , 'c ' ] ; B = A.reverse ( false ) ; alert ( B.inspect ( ) ) ; // " [ 'c ' , ' b ' , 'a ' ] " alert ( A.inspect ( ) ) ; //
A left untouched : " [ 'a ' , ' b ' , ' c ' ] " A.reverse ( true ) ; alert ( A.inspect ( ) ) ; // " [ 'c ' , ' b ' , 'a ' ] " A = [ 'a ' , 'b ' , [ ' c1 ' , ' c2 ' , ' c3 ' ] , 'd ' , [ ' e1 ' , 'e2 ' ] ] ; B = A.flatten ( ) ; alert ( B.inspect ( ) ) ; // " [ 'a ' , 'b ' , ' c1 ' , ' c2 ' , ' c3 ' , 'd ' , 'e1 ' , 'e2 ' ] " alert ( A.inspect ( ) ) ; // unchanged : " [ 'a ' , 'b ' , [ ' c1 ' , ' c2 ' , ' c3 ' ] , 'd ' , [ 'e1 ' , 'e2 ' ] ] " </ script >
toc
Extensions for the document DOM object
Method Kind Arguments Description getElementsByClassName( className [ , parentElement ] ) instance className : name of a CSS class associated with the elements , parentElement : object or id of the element that contains the elements being retrieved .
Returns all the elements that are associated with the given CSS class name .
If no parentElement id given , the entire document body will be searched .
toc
Extensions for the Event object
Property Type Description KEY_BACKSPACE
Number 8 : Constant .
Code for the Backspace key .
KEY_TAB Number 9 : Constant .
Code for the Tab key .
KEY_RETURN Number 13 : Constant .
Code for the Return key .
KEY_ESC Number 27 : Constant .
Code for the Esc key .
KEY_LEFT Number 37 : Constant .
Code for the Left arrow key .
KEY_UP Number 38 : Constant .
Code for the Up arrow key .
KEY_RIGHT Number 39 : Constant .
Code for the Right arrow key .
KEY_DOWN Number 40 : Constant .
Code for the Down arrow key .
KEY_DELETE
Number 46 : Constant .
Code for the Delete key .
observers : Array List of cached observers .
Part of the internal implementation details of the object .
Method Kind Arguments Description element ( event ) static event : an Event object Returns element that originated the event . isLeftClick ( event ) static event : an Event object Returns true if the left mouse button was clicked .
pointerX ( event ) static event : an Event object Returns the x coordinate of the mouse pointer on the page .
pointer Y ( event ) static event : an Event object Returns the y coordinate of the mouse pointer on the page .
stop( event ) static event : an Event object
Use this function to abort the default behavior of an event and to suspend its propagation .
findElement ( event , tagName ) static event : an Event object , tagName : name of the desired tag .
Traverses the DOM tree upwards , searching for the first element with the given tag name , starting from the element that originated the event .
observe ( element , name , observer , useCapture ) static element : object or id , name : event name ( like ' click ' , ' load ' , etc ) , observer : function ( evt ) to handle the event , useCapture : if true , handles the event in the capture phase and if false in the bubbling phase .
Adds an event handler function to an event .
stopObserving ( element , name , observer , useCapture ) static element : object or id , name : event name ( like ' click ' ) , observer : function that is handling the event , useCapture : if true handles the event in the capture phase and if false in the bubbling phase .
Removes an event handler from the event .
_observeAndCache( element , name , observer , useCapture ) static Private method , do not worry about it . unloadCache ( ) static ( none ) Private method , do not worry about it .
Clears all cached observers from memory .
Let 's see how to use this object to add an event handler to the load event of the window object .
< script > Event.observe ( window , ' load ' , page_loaded , false ) ; function page_loaded ( evt ) { Event.observe (' parent_node ' , ' click ' , item_clicked , false ) ; } function item_clicked ( evt ) { var child = Event.element ( evt ) ; alert ( ' The child node with id= ' + child.id + ' was clicked ' ) ; Event.stop ( evt ) ; // avoid another call related to ' parent_node ' itself } </ script > ... < div id =" parent_node " > < div id =" child1 " >
First</div > < div id =" child2 " > Second</div > < div id =" child3 " >
Third </ div > </div >
toc
New objects and classes defined by prototype.js
Another way the library helps you is by providing many objects that implement both support for object oriented designs and common functionality in general .
toc
The PeriodicalExecuter object
This object provides the logic for calling a given function repeatedly , at a given interval , using a timer .
Method Kind Arguments Description [ ctor ] ( callback , interval ) constructor callback : a function that will be passed the PeriodcalExecuter object itself as the only argument , interval : number of seconds Creates one instance of this object that will call the function repeatedly .
registerCallback ( ) instance ( none ) Resets the timer . stop ( ) instance ( none ) Cancels the timer , avoiding the execution of the callback .
onTimerEvent ( ) instance ( none )
This method is what will be called by the timer .
It , in turn , will invoke the callback method passing the object itself .
Property Type Description callback Function ( objExecuter )
The function to be called .
objExecuter : the PeriodcalExecuter making the call .
timer Timer
A handle to the underlying timer object responsible for repeatedly invoking the callback method frequency Number
This is actually the interval in seconds currently Executing Boolean Indicates if the callback is underway .
toc
The Prototype object
The Prototype object does not have any important role , other than declaring the version of the library being used .
Property Type Description Version String
The version of the library emptyFunction Function ( )
An empty function object K Function ( obj ) A function object that just echoes back the given parameter .
ScriptFragment String
A regular expression to identify scripts
toc
The Enumerable object
The Enumerable object allows one to write more elegant code to iterate items in a list - like structure .
Many other objects extend the Enumerable object to leverage its useful interface .
Method Kind Arguments Description each( iterator ) instance iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( value , index ) Calls the given iterator function passing each element in the list in the first argument and the index of the element in the second argument all ( [ iterator ] ) instance iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( value , index ) , optional .
This function is a way to test the entire collection of values using a given function .
all will return true only if the iterator function returns a value that resolves to true for all the elements .
It will return false otherwise .
If no iterator is given , then the test will be if the element itself resolves to true .
You can simply read it as " check if all elements pass the test . " any ( [ iterator ] ) instance iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( value , index ) , optional .
This function is a way to test the entire collection of values using a given function .
any will return true if the iterator function returns a value that resolves to true for at least one of the elements .
It will return false otherwise .
If no iterator is given , then the test will be if the element itself resolves to true .
You can simply read it as " check if any element passes the test . " collect ( iterator ) instance iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( value , index ) Calls the iterator function for each element in the collection and returns each result in an Array , one result element for each element in the collection , in the same sequence .
detect ( iterator ) instance iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( value , index ) Calls the iterator function for each element in the collection and returns the first element that caused the iterator function to return true ( or , more precisely , not - false . )
If no element returns true , then detect returns null . entries ( ) instance ( none ) Same as toArray ( ) . find( iterator ) instance iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( value , index ) Same as detect ( ) . findAll ( iterator ) instance iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( value , index ) Calls the iterator function for each element in the collection and returns an Array with all the elements that caused the iterator function to return a value that resolves to true .
This function is the opposite of reject ( ) . grep ( pattern [ , iterator ] ) instance pattern : a RegExp object used to match the elements , iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( value , index )
Tests the string value of each element in the collection against the pattern regular expression .
The function will return an Array containing all the elements that matched the regular expression .
If the iterator function is given , then the Array will contain the result of calling the iterator with each element that was a match . include ( obj ) instance obj : any object Tries to find the given object in the collection .
Returns true if the object is found , false otherwise .
inGroupsOf ( number , fillWith ) instance number : number of items per group , fillWith : value used to fill empty spots Returns the collection broken in groups containing as many items as specified by the first argument .
If the quantity of items in the initial collection is not divisible by the number in the first argument , the resulting empty items at the end of the last group will be filled with null or with the value of the second argument , if provided .
Quick example : [ 'a ' , 'b ' , 'c ' , 'd ' ].inGroupsOf ( 3 , '?' ) creates [ [ 'a ' , 'b ' , 'c ' ] , [ ' d ' , ' ? ' , '? ' ] ] inject( initialValue , iterator ) instance initialValue : any object to be used as the initial value , iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( accumulator , value , index ) Combines all the elements of the collection using the iterator function .
The iterator is called passing the result of the previous iteration in the accumulator argument .
The first iteration gets initialValue in the accumulator argument .
The last result is the final return value .
invoke ( methodName [ , arg1 [ , arg2 [... ] ] ] ) instance methodName : name of the method that will be called in each element , arg1..argN : arguments that will be passed in the method invocation .
Calls the method specified by methodName in each element of the collection , passing any given arguments ( arg1 to argN ) , and returns the results in an Array object . map( iterator ) instance iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( value , index ) Same as collect ( ) . max ( [ iterator ] ) instance iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( value , index ) Returns the element with the greatest value in the collection or the greatest result of calling the iterator for each element in the collection , if an iterator is given . member ( obj ) instance obj : any object Same as include ( ) . min( [ iterator ] ) instance iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( value , index ) Returns the element with the lowest value in the collection or the lowest result of calling the iterator for each element in the collection , if an iterator is given .
partition ( [ iterator ] ) instance iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( value , index ) Returns an Array containing two other arrays .
The first array will contain all the elements that caused the iterator function to return true and the second array will contain the remaining elements .
If the iterator is not given , then the first array will contain the elements that resolve to true and the other array will contain the remaining elements .
pluck ( propertyName ) instance propertyName name of the property that will be read from each element .
This can also contain the index of the element Retrieves the value to the property specified by propertyName in each element of the collection and returns the results in an Array object . reject ( iterator ) instance iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( value , index ) Calls the iterator function for each element in the collection and returns an Array with all the elements that caused the iterator function to return a value that resolves to false .
This function is the opposite of findAll ( ) . select ( iterator ) instance iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( value , index ) Same as findAll ( ) . sortBy( iterator ) instance iterator : a function object conforming to Function ( value , index ) Returns an Array with all the elements sorted according to the result the iterator function call .
toArray ( ) instance ( none ) Returns an Array with all the elements of the collection .
zip( collection1 [ , collection2 [ , ... collectionN [ , transform ] ] ] ) instance collection1 .. collectionN : enumerations that will be merged , transform : a function object conforming to Function ( value , index ) Merges each given collection with the current collection .
The merge operation returns a new array with the same number of elements as the current collection and each element is an array ( let 's call them sub-arrays ) of the elements with the same index from each of the merged collections .
If the transform function is given , then each sub-array will be transformed by this function before being returned .
Quick example : [ 1,2,3].zip ( [ 4,5,6 ] , [ 7,8,9 ] ) .inspect ( ) returns " [ [ 1,4,7 ] , [ 2,5,8 ] , [ 3,6,9 ] ] "
toc
The Hash object
The Hash object implements a hash structure , i.e. a collection of Key : Value pairs .
Each item in a Hash object is an array with two elements : first the key then the value .
Each item also has two properties : key and value , which are pretty self - explanatory .
Method Kind Arguments Description keys ( ) instance ( none ) Returns an Array with the keys of all items .
values ( ) instance ( none ) Returns an Array with the values of all items .
merge( otherHash ) instance otherHash : Hash object Combines the hash with the other hash passed in and returns the new resulting hash .
toQueryString ( ) instance ( none ) Returns all the items of the hash in a string formatted like a query string , e.g. ' key1=value1&key2=value2&key3=value3 ' inspect ( ) instance ( none ) Overridden to return a nicely formatted string representation of the hash with its key : value pairs .
toc
The ObjectRange class
Inherits from Enumerable
Represents a range of values , with upper and lower bounds .
Property Type Kind Description start ( any ) instance
The lower bound of the range end ( any ) instance
The upper bound of the range exclusive Boolean instance Determines if the boundaries themselves are part of the range .
Method Kind Arguments Description [ ctor ] ( start , end , exclusive ) constructor start : the lower bound , end : the upper bound , exclusive : include the bounds in the range ?
Creates one range object , spanning from start to end .
It is important to note that start and end have to be objects of the same type and they must have a succ ( ) method. include ( searchedValue ) instance searched Value : value that we are looking for Checks if the given value is part of the range .
Returns true or false .
toc
The Class object
The Class object is used when declaring the other classes in the library .
Using this object when declaring a class causes the to new class to support an initialize ( ) method , which serves as the constructor .
See the sample below .
//declaring the class var MySampleClass = Class.create( ) ; //defining the rest of the class implementation MySampleClass .
prototype = { initialize : function ( message ) { this .
message = message ; } , showMessage : function ( ajaxResponse ) { alert ( this .
message ) ; } } ; //now , let 's instantiate and use one object var myTalker = new MySampleClass ( ' hi there . ' ) ; myTalker.showMessage ( ) ; //displays alert
Method Kind Arguments Description create (* ) instance ( any ) Defines a constructor for a new class
toc
The Ajax object
This object serves as the root and namespace for many other classes that provide AJAX functionality .
Property Type Kind Description activeRequestCount Number instance
The number of AJAX requests in progress .
Method Kind Arguments Description getTransport ( ) instance ( none ) Returns a new XMLHttpRequest object
toc
The Ajax .
Responders object
Inherits from Enumerable
This object maintains a list of objects that will be called when Ajax - related events occur .
You can use this object , for example , if you want to hook up a global exception handler for AJAX operations .
Property Type Kind Description responders Array instance
The list of objects registered for AJAX events notifications .
Method Kind Arguments Description register ( responderToAdd ) instance responderToAdd : object with methods that will be called .
The object passed in the responderToAdd argument should contain methods named like the AJAX events ( e.g. onCreate , onComplete , onException , etc. )
When the corresponding event occurs all the registered objects that contain a method with the appropriate name will have that method called .
unregister ( responderToRemove ) instance responderToRemove : object to be removed from the list .
The object passed in the responderToRemove argument will be removed from the list of registered objects .
dispatch ( callback , request , transport , json ) instance callback : name of the AJAX event being reported , request : the Ajax .
Request object responsible for the event , transport : the XMLHttpRequest object that carried ( or is carrying ) the AJAX call , json : the X - JSON header of the response ( if present )
Runs through the list of registered objects looking for the ones that have the method determined in the callback argument .
Then each of these methods is called passing the other 3 arguments .
If the AJAX response contains a X - JSON HTTP header with some JSON content , then it will be evaluated and passed in the json argument .
If the event is onException , the transport argument will have the exception instead and json will not be passed .
toc
The Ajax .
Base class
This class is used as the base class for most of the other classes defined in the Ajax object .
Method Kind Arguments Description setOptions ( options ) instance options : AJAX options Sets the desired options for the AJAX operation responseIsSuccess ( ) instance ( none ) Returns true if the AJAX operation succeeded , false otherwise responseIsFailure ( ) instance ( none ) The opposite of responseIsSuccess ( ) .
toc
The Ajax .
Request class
Inherits from Ajax .
Base
Encapsulates AJAX operations
Property Type Kind Description Events Array static
List of possible events / statuses reported during an AJAX operation .
The list contains : ' Uninitialized ' , ' Loading ' , ' Loaded ' , ' Interactive ' , and ' Complete . ' transport XMLHttpRequest instance The XMLHttpRequest object that carries the AJAX operation url String instance The URL targeted by the request .
Method Kind Arguments Description [ ctor ] ( url , options ) constructor url : the url to be fetched , options : AJAX options Creates one instance of this object that will call the given url using the given options .
The onCreate event will be raised during the constructor call .
Important :
It is worth noting that the chosen url is subject to the browser 's security settings .
In many cases the browser will not fetch the url if it is not from the same host ( domain ) as the current page .
You should ideally use only local urls to avoid having to configure or restrict the user 's browser .
( Thanks Clay ) . evalJSON ( ) instance ( none )
This method is typically not called externally .
It is called internally to evaluate the content of an eventual X - JSON HTTP header present in the AJAX response .
evalResponse ( ) instance ( none )
This method is typically not called externally .
If the AJAX response has a Content - type header of text / javascript then the response body will be evaluated and this method will be used .
header ( name ) instance name : HTTP header name Retrieves the contents of any HTTP header of the AJAX response .
Call this only after the AJAX call is completed .
on StateChange ( ) instance ( none )
This method is typically not called externally .
It is called by the object itself when the AJAX call status changes . request ( url ) instance url : url for the AJAX call
This method is typically not called externally .
It is already called during the constructor call . respondToReadyState( readyState ) instance readyState : state number ( 1 to 4 ) This method is typically not called externally .
It is called by the object itself when the AJAX call status changes .
setRequestHeaders ( ) instance ( none )
This method is typically not called externally .
It is called by the object itself to assemble the HTTP header that will be sent during the HTTP request .
toc
The options argument object
An important part of the AJAX operations is the options argument .
There 's no options class per se .
Any object can be passed , as long as it has the expected properties .
It is common to create anonymous objects just for the AJAX calls .
Property Type Default Description method String ' post ' Method of the HTTP request parameters String or Object ''
The url - formatted list of values passed to the request ( for example ' employee=john&month=11 ' ) or a hash - like object that represents the parameters ( for example {employee : ' john ' , month : 11} . ) asynchronous Boolean true Indicates if the AJAX call will be made asynchronously postBody String undefined Content passed to in the request 's body in case of a HTTP POST requestHeaders Array undefined List of HTTP headers to be passed with the request .
This list must have an even number of items , any odd item is the name of a custom header , and the following even item is the string value of that header .
Example : [ ' my - header1 ' , ' this is the value ' , ' my - other - header ' , ' another value ' ] encoding String ' UTF - 8 '
The character encoding used in the body of a request ( especially POST requests . )
UTF - 8 should be enough in most cases , but if you know what you 're doing , you can use a different encoding .
contentType String ' application/x-www-form-urlencoded '
Sets the Content - Type HTTP header of the Ajax request .
on XXXXXXXX Function ( XMLHttpRequest , Object ) undefined Custom function to be called when the respective event / status is reached during the AJAX call .
There are several alternatives for the " XXXXXXXX " in this option , among the alternatives are the statuses in Ajax .
Request .
Events , and the HTTP status codes .
Example var myOpts = {on403 : notAllowed , onComplete : showResponse , onLoaded : registerLoaded} ; .
The function used will receive one argument , containing the XMLHttpRequest object that is carrying the AJAX operation and another argument containing the evaluated X - JSON response HTTP header .
onSuccess Function ( XMLHttpRequest , Object ) undefined Custom function to be called when the AJAX call completes successfully .
The function used will receive one argument , containing the XMLHttpRequest object that is carrying the AJAX operation and another argument containing the evaluated X - JSON response HTTP header .
on Failure Function ( XMLHttpRequest , Object ) undefined Custom function to be called when the AJAX call completes with error .
The function used will receive one argument , containing the XMLHttpRequest object that is carrying the AJAX operation and another argument containing the evaluated X - JSON response HTTP header .
onException Function ( Ajax .
Request , exception ) undefined Custom function to be called when an exceptional condition happens on the client side of the AJAX call , like an invalid response or invalid arguments .
The function used will receive two arguments , containing the Ajax .
Request object that wraps the AJAX operation and the exception object .
insertion an Insertion class undefined A class that will determine how the new content will be inserted .
Applies only to Ajax .
Updater objects and if nothing is specified , the new content will completely replace the existing content .
If an Insertion - derived class is given , the content will be added to the existing content .
It can be Insertion .
Before , Insertion .
Top , Insertion .
Bottom , or Insertion .
After . evalScripts Boolean undefined , false Determines if script blocks will be evaluated when the response arrives .
Applies only to Ajax .
Updater objects .
decay Number undefined , 1 Determines the progressive slowdown in a Ajax .
PeriodicalUpdater object refresh rate when the received response is the same as the last one .
For example , if you use 2 , after one of the refreshes produces the same result as the previous one , the object will wait twice as much time for the next refresh .
If it repeats again , the object will wait four times as much , and so on .
Leave it undefined or use 1 to avoid the slowdown .
frequency Number undefined , 2 Interval ( not frequency ) between refreshes , in seconds .
Applies only to Ajax .
PeriodicalUpdater objects .
toc
Inherits from Ajax .
Request
Used when the requested url returns HTML that you want to inject directly in a specific element of your page .
You can also use this object when the url returns < script > blocks that will be evaluated upon arrival .
Use the evalScripts option to work with scripts .
Property Type Kind Description
Method Kind Arguments Description
toc
Inherits from Ajax .
Base
This class repeatedly instantiates and uses an Ajax .
Updater object to refresh an element on the page , or to perform any of the other tasks the Ajax .
Updater can perform .
Check the Ajax .
Updater reference for more information .
Property Type Kind Description
Method Kind Arguments Description
toc
The Element object
This object provides some utility functions for manipulating elements in the DOM .
toc
The Element .
Methods object
This object provides some utility functions for manipulating elements in the DOM .
You typically do not call these methods directly from the Element .
Methods object , but rather from the Element object , which gets copies of all of them .
All the methods defined here are automatically added to any element accessed using the $ ( ) function .
When they are added to the elements , the first argument ( always element ) is removed because it 's always the current element itself .
So , in short , writing Element . show ( ' myDiv' ) ; is the same as writing $ ( ' myDiv ' ) . show ( ) ;
Method Kind Arguments Description addClassName( element , className ) instance element : element object or id , className : name of a CSS class
Adds the given class name to the element 's class names . ancestors ( element ) instance element : element object or id Returns an Array with all the ancestors ( parent nodes ) of the element .
The array will start at the first direct parent element and go all the way to the html element .
childOf ( element , ancestor ) instance element : element object or id , ancestor : ancestor candidate element or id Same as descendantOf. classNames ( element ) instance element : element object or id Returns an Element .
ClassNames object representing the CSS class names associated with the given element .
cleanWhitespace( element ) instance element : element object or id Removes any white space text node children of the element descendantOf ( element , ancestor ) instance element : element object or id , ancestor : ancestor candidate element or id Returns a Boolean value indicating if the element is a descendant ( child , grandchild , etc ) of the given ancestor .
descendants ( element ) instance element : element object or id Returns an Array with all the descendants ( child nodes — children , grandchildren , etc ) of the element .
down ( element , expression , index ) instance element : element object or id , expression : a CSS selection rule , index : index of the returned descendant Checks which of the element 's descendants match the given rule and returns the first one or the nth one given by the zero - based index argument .
Lower index values mean closer to the element .
empty ( element ) instance element : element object or id Returns a Boolean value indicating if the element tag is empty ( or has only whitespaces ) getDimensions ( element ) instance element : element object or id Returns the dimensions of the element .
The returned value is an object with two properties : height and width .
getElementsByClassName( element , className ) instance element : element object or id , className : CSS class name Returns an Array of all the element 's children that have the given CSS class name as one of their classes .
getElementsBySelector( element , expression1 [ , expression2 [ , expression3 ] ] ) instance element : element object or id , expressionN : CSS selection rule Returns an Array of all the element 's children that match one of the given CSS selectors .
getHeight ( element ) instance element : element object or id Returns the offsetHeight of the element getStyle ( element , cssProperty ) instance element : element object or id , cssProperty name of a CSS property ( either format ' prop - name ' or ' propName ' works ) .
Returns the value of the CSS property in the given element or null if not present .
hasClassName ( element , className ) instance element : element object or id , className : name of a CSS class Returns true if the element has the given class name as one of its class names .
hide ( element ) instance element : element object or id Hides the element by setting its style .
display to ' none ' . immediateDescendants ( element ) instance element : element object or id Returns an Array with all the direct descendants ( 1st degree child nodes only ) of the element . inspect( element ) instance element : element object or id Returns a simplified string representation of the element 's tag .
It 's useful for debugging and only contains the element 's id and css class name , like < p id =" result " class = " hilite numeric " > makeClipping( element ) instance element : element object or id makePositioned ( element ) instance element : element object or id Changes the element 's style .
position to ' relative ' match ( element , selector ) instance element : element object or id , selector : string or Selector object of a CSS rule Verifies if the element is matched by the given CSS selector rule .
For example , a paragraph element with an id of ' message ' would be matched by the selector ' p #message ' .
This method returns true or false .
next ( element , expression , index ) instance element : element object or id , expression : a CSS selection rule , index : index of the returned sibilng Checks which of the element 's posterior sibilings match the given rule and returns the first one or the nth one given by the zero - based index argument .
Lower index values mean closer to the element .
nextSiblings ( element ) instance element : element object or id Returns an Array with all the siblings that come after the element .
The list is built by recursively finding all the other elements via the nextSibling property .
observe ( element , name , observer , useCapture ) instance element : object or id , name : event name ( like ' click ' , ' load ' , etc ) , observer : function ( evt ) to handle the event , useCapture : if true , handles the event in the capture phase and if false in the bubbling phase .
Shortcut for Event.observe. previous ( element , expression , index ) instance element : element object or id , expression : a CSS selection rule , index : index of the returned sibilng Checks which of the element 's previous sibilings match the given rule and returns the first one or the nth one given by the zero - based index argument .
Lower index values mean closer to the element .
previousSiblings ( element ) instance element : element object or id Returns an Array with all the siblings that come before the element .
The list is built by recursively finding all the other elements via the previousSibling property .
remove( element ) instance element : element object or id Removes the element from the document .
removeClassName( element , className ) instance element : element object or id , className : name of a CSS class Removes the given class name from the element 's class names .
replace ( element , html ) instance element : element object or id , html : html content Replaces the entire html of the element with the given html argument .
If the given html contains < script > blocks they will not be included but they will be evaluated .
scrollTo( element ) instance element : element object or id Scrolls the window to the element position .
setStyle( element , cssPropertyHash ) instance element : element object or id , cssPropertyHash
Hash object with the styles to be applied .
Sets the value of the CSS properties in the given element , according to the values in the cssProperty Hash argument .
show ( element ) instance element : element object or id Shows the element by resetting its style .
display to '' . siblings ( element ) instance element : element object or id Returns an Array with all the siblings that come before and after the element .
stopObserving ( element , name , observer , useCapture ) instance element : object or id , name : event name ( like ' click ' , ' load ' , etc ) , observer : function ( evt ) to handle the event , useCapture : if true , handles the event in the capture phase and if false in the bubbling phase .
Shortcut for Event.stopObserving. toggle ( element ) instance element : element object or id Toggles the visibility of the element .
toggleClassName( element , className ) instance element : element object or id , className : CSS class
Toggles the presence of the given CSS class name in the element .
undoClipping ( element ) instance element : element object or id undoPositioned ( element ) instance element : element object or id Clears the element 's style .
position to '' up( element , expression , index ) instance element : element object or id , expression : a CSS selection rule , index : index of the returned ancestor Checks which of the element 's ancestors match the given rule and returns the first one or the nth one given by the zero - based index argument .
Lower index values mean closer to the element .
visible ( element ) instance element : element object or id Returns a Boolean value indicating if the element is visible .
toc
You can add your own methods to the Element .
Methods object and they will also be copied to the elements automatically .
You only need to ensure that your methods also take the element as the first argument and ( if possible ) returns the element object .
Here 's an example of how to do that .
I 'll add three new utility methods to the elements .
// first a helper method var $ CE = function ( tagName , attributes , styles ) { // short for create element var el = document.createElement( tagName ) ; if ( attributes ) $ H( attributes ) .each( function ( pair ) { eval ( " el. " + pair.key + " = ' " + pair.value + " ' " ) ; } ) ; if ( styles ) $ H( styles ) .each( function ( pair ) { el.style[pair.key ] = pair.value ; } ) ; return $ ( el ) ; } ; //adding he new methods Element.addMethods ({ //removes any child noes from the element // example : < div id =" myDiv " >< b> hello</b></div> // $ ( 'myDiv').clearChildren ( ) ; // ==> < div id =" myDiv " ></div > clearChildren : function ( element ) { element = $ ( element ) ; $ A( element.childNodes ).each( function(e ) { e.parentNode.removeChild(e ) ; } ) ; return element ; } , // method that creates a new element and appends to the current element // example : < div id =" myDiv " >
Please </div> // $ ( ' myDiv' ) .
append (' A ' , {href :'otherpage.html ' , className : 'red'} ) .update ( ' Continue ...' ) ; // ==> < div id =" myDiv " > Please < a href= " otherpage.html " class = " red " > Continue ...</a></div> append : function ( element , tagName , attributes , styles ) { element = $ ( element ) ; var newEl = $ CE ( tagName , attributes , styles ) ; element.appendChild(newEl ) ; return newEl ;// appendText : function ( element , text ) { element = $ ( element ) ; var t = document.createTextNode( text ) ; element.appendChild(t ) ; return element ; } } ) ;
toc
The Element .
ClassNames class
Inherits from Enumerable
Represents the collection of CSS class names associated with an element .
Method Kind Arguments Description [ ctor ] ( element ) constructor element : any DOM element object or id Creates an Element .
ClassNames object representing the CSS class names of the given element . add ( className ) instance className : a CSS class name Includes the given CSS class name in the list of class names associated with the element .
remove( className ) instance className : a CSS class name Removes the given CSS class name from the list of class names associated with the element .
set ( className ) instance className : a CSS class name Associates the element with the given CSS class name , removing any other class names from the element .
toc
The Abstract object
This object serves as the root for other classes in the library .
It does not have any properties or methods .
The classes defined in this object are also treated as traditional abstract classes .
toc
The Abstract .
Insertion class
This class is used as the base class for the other classes that will provide dynamic content insertion .
This class is used like an abstract class .
Method Kind Arguments Description [ ctor ] ( element , content ) constructor element : element object or id , content : HTML to be inserted Creates an object that will help with dynamic content insertion .
contentFromAnonymousTable ( ) instance ( none )
Property Type Kind Description adjacency String static , parameter Parameter that specifies where the content will be placed relative to the given element .
The possible values are : ' beforeBegin ' , ' afterBegin ' , ' beforeEnd ' , and ' afterEnd ' .
element Object instance
The element object that the insertion will be made relative to .
content String instance The HTML that will be inserted .
toc
The Insertion object
This object serves as the root for other classes in the library .
It does not have any properties or methods .
The classes defined in this object are also treated as traditional abstract classes .
toc
The Insertion .
Before class
Inherits from Abstract .
Insertion
Inserts HTML before an element .
Method Kind Arguments Description [ ctor ] ( element , content ) constructor element : element object or id , content : HTML to be inserted Inherited from Abstract .
Insertion .
Creates an object that will help with dynamic content insertion .
The following code
< br /> Hello , < span id =" person " style = " color: red ; " >
Wiggum .
How 's it going ?</ span > < script > new Insertion .
Before ( ' person ' , ' Chief ' ) ; </ script >
Will change the HTML to
< br /> Hello , Chief < span id =" person " style = " color: red ; " >
Wiggum .
How 's it going ?</ span >
toc
The Insertion .
Top class
Inherits from Abstract .
Insertion
Inserts HTML as the first child under an element .
The content will be right after the opening tag of the element .
Method Kind Arguments Description [ ctor ] ( element , content ) constructor element : element object or id , content : HTML to be inserted Inherited from Abstract .
Insertion .
Creates an object that will help with dynamic content insertion .
The following code
< br /> Hello , < span id =" person " style = " color: red ; " >
Wiggum .
How 's it going ?</ span > < script > new Insertion .
Top ( ' person ' , ' Mr. ' ) ; </ script >
Will change the HTML to
< br /> Hello , < span id =" person " style = " color:red ; " >
Mr. Wiggum .
How 's it going ?</ span >
toc
The Insertion .
Bottom class
Inherits from Abstract .
Insertion
Inserts HTML as the last child under an element .
The content will be right before the element 's closing tag .
Method Kind Arguments Description [ ctor ] ( element , content ) constructor element : element object or id , content : HTML to be inserted Inherited from Abstract .
Insertion .
Creates an object that will help with dynamic content insertion .
The following code
< br /> Hello , < span id =" person " style = " color: red ; " >
Wiggum .
How 's it going ?</ span > < script > new Insertion .
Bottom ( ' person ' , " What 's up ? " ) ; </ script >
Will change the HTML to
< br /> Hello , < span id =" person " style = " color: red ; " >
Wiggum .
How 's it going ?
What 's up ?</ span>
toc
The Insertion .
After class
Inherits from Abstract .
Insertion
Inserts HTML right after the element 's closing tag .
Method Kind Arguments Description [ ctor ] ( element , content ) constructor element : element object or id , content : HTML to be inserted Inherited from Abstract .
Insertion .
Creates an object that will help with dynamic content insertion .
The following code
< br /> Hello , < span id =" person " style = " color: red ; " >
Wiggum .
How 's it going ?</ span > < script > new Insertion .
After ( ' person ' , ' Are you there ? ' ) ; </ script >
Will change the HTML to
< br /> Hello , < span id =" person " style = " color: red ; " >
Wiggum .
How 's it going ?</ span >
Are you there ?
toc
The Field object
This object provides some utility functions for working with input fields in forms .
It 's simply a shorthand to Form .
Element .
toc
The Form object
This object provides some utility functions for working with data entry forms and their input fields .
Method Kind Arguments Description serialize ( form ) instance form : form element object or id Returns a url - formatted list of field names and their values , like ' field1=value1&field2=value2&field3=value3 ' findFirstElement ( form ) instance form : form element object or id Returns the first enabled field element in the form. getElements ( form ) instance form : form element object or id Returns an Array containing all the input fields in the form .
getInputs ( form [ , typeName [ , name ] ] ) instance form : form element object or id , typeName : the type of the input element , name : the name of the input element .
Returns an Array containing all the < input > elements in the form .
Optionally , the list can be filtered by the type or name attributes of the elements .
disable ( form ) instance form : form element object or id Disables all the input fields in the form. enable ( form ) instance form : form element object or id Enables all the input fields in the form. focusFirstElement ( form ) instance form : form element object or id Activates the first visible , enabled input field in the form. reset ( form ) instance form : form element object or id Resets the form .
The same as calling the reset ( ) method of the form object .
toc
The Form .
Element object
This object provides some utility functions for working with form elements .
These functions have native DOM equivalents , but those do n't return the element as the result of the function call , preventing the chaining of method calls .
The methods below are not the only methods in this object at runtime .
All the methods from Form .
Element .
Methods will also be added to this object .
Method Kind Arguments Description focus( element ) instance element : element object or id of a form field Moves the input focus to the field .
select ( element ) instance element : element object or id of a form field Selects the value entered in the element .
toc
The Form . Element .
Methods object
This object provides some utility functions for working with form field elements , that will be copied over to any field element accessed via the functions $ ( ) and $ $ ( ) .
Similarly to the Element .
Methods methods , when they are copied , the first argument is dropped and becomes the element itself .
These methods are also copied to the Form .
Element object so you do n't typically use the methods from Form .
Element .
Methods directly , but rather via the Form .
Element object for consistency .
Method Kind Arguments Description activate( element ) instance element : element object or id Moves the input focus to the field and selects its contents .
clear ( element ) instance element : element object or id Empties the field .
disable ( element ) instance element : element object or id Disables the field or button , so it can not be changed or clicked .
enable ( element ) instance element : element object or id Enables the field of button for being changed or clicked .
getValue( element ) instance element : element object or id Returns the value of the element .
present ( element ) instance element : element object or id Returns true if the field is not empty .
serialize ( element ) instance element : element object or id Returns the element 's name=value pair , like ' elementName=elementValue '
toc
The Form . Element .
Serializers object
This object provides some utility functions that are used internally in the library to assist extracting the current value of the form elements .
Method Kind Arguments Description inputSelector( element ) instance element : object or id of a form element that has the checked property , like a radio button or checkbox .
Returns an Array with the element 's name and value , like [ ' elementName ' , ' elementValue ' ] textare a( element ) instance element : object or id of a form element that has the value property , like a textbox , button or password field .
Returns an Array with the element 's name and value , like [ ' elementName ' , ' elementValue ' ] select ( element ) instance element : object of a < select > element Returns an Array with the element 's name and all selected options ' values or texts , like [ ' elementName ' , ' selOpt1 selOpt4 selOpt9 ' ]
toc
The Abstract .
TimedObserver class
This class is used as the base class for the other classes that will monitor one element until its value ( or whatever property the derived class defines ) changes .
This class is used like an abstract class .
Subclasses can be created to monitor things like the input value of an element , or one of the style properties , or number of rows in a table , or whatever else you may be interested in tracking changes to .
Method Kind Arguments Description [ ctor ] ( element , frequency , callback ) constructor element : element object or id , frequency : interval in seconds , callback : function to be called when the element changes Creates an object that will monitor the element .
getValue ( ) instance , abstract ( none ) Derived classes have to implement this method to determine what is the current value being monitored in the element .
registerCallback ( ) instance ( none )
This method is typically not called externally .
It is called by the object itself to start monitoring the element .
onTimerEvent ( ) instance ( none )
This method is typically not called externally .
It is called by the object itself periodically to check the element .
Property Type Description element Object
The element object that is being monitored .
frequency Number
This is actually the interval in seconds between checks .
callback Function ( Object , String )
The function to be called whenever the element changes .
It will receive the element object and the new value .
lastValue String
The last value verified in the element .
toc
The Form . Element .
Observer class
Inherits from Abstract .
TimedObserver
Implementation of an Abstract .
TimedObserver that monitors the value of form input elements .
Use this class when you want to monitor an element that does not expose an event that reports the value changes .
In that case you can use the Form .
Element .
EventObserver class instead .
Method Kind Arguments Description [ ctor ] ( element , frequency , callback ) constructor element : element object or id , frequency : interval in seconds , callback : function to be called when the element changes Inherited from Abstract .
TimedObserver .
Creates an object that will monitor the element 's value property .
getValue ( ) instance ( none ) Returns the element 's value .
toc
The Form .
Observer class
Inherits from Abstract .
TimedObserver
Implementation of an Abstract .
TimedObserver that monitors any changes to any data entry element 's value in a form .
Use this class when you want to monitor a form that contains a elements that do not expose an event that reports the value changes .
In that case you can use the Form .
EventObserver class instead .
Method Kind Arguments Description [ ctor ] ( form , frequency , callback ) constructor form : form object or id , frequency : interval in seconds , callback function to be called when any data entry element in the form changes Inherited from Abstract .
TimedObserver .
Creates an object that will monitor the form for changes .
getValue ( ) instance ( none ) Returns the serialization of all form 's data .
toc
The Abstract .
EventObserver class
This class is used as the base class for the other classes that execute a callback function whenever a value - changing event happens for an element .
Multiple objects of type Abstract .
EventObserver can be bound to the same element , without one wiping out the other .
The callbacks will be executed in the order they are assigned to the element .
The triggering event is onclick for radio buttons and checkboxes , and onchange for textboxes in general and listboxes / dropdowns .
Method Kind Arguments Description [ ctor ] ( element , callback ) constructor element : element object or id , callback : function to be called when the event happens Creates an object that will monitor the element .
getValue ( ) instance , abstract ( none ) Derived classes have to implement this method to determine what is the current value being monitored in the element .
registerCallback ( ) instance ( none )
This method is typically not called externally .
It is called by the object to bind itself to the element 's event . registerFormCallbacks ( ) instance ( none )
This method is typically not called externally .
It is called by the object to bind itself to the events of each data entry element in the form. onElementEvent ( ) instance ( none )
This method is typically not called externally .
It will be bound to the element 's event .
Property Type Description element Object
The element object that is being monitored .
callback Function ( Object , String )
The function to be called whenever the element changes .
It will receive the element object and the new value .
lastValue String
The last value verified in the element .
toc
The Form . Element .
EventObserver class
Inherits from Abstract .
EventObserver
Implementation of an Abstract .
EventObserver that executes a callback function to the appropriate event of the form data entry element to detect value changes in the element .
If the element does not expose any event that reports changes , then you can use the Form .
Element .
Observer class instead .
Method Kind Arguments Description [ ctor ] ( element , callback ) constructor element : element object or id , callback : function to be called when the event happens Inherited from Abstract .
EventObserver .
Creates an object that will monitor the element 's value property .
getValue ( ) instance ( none ) Returns the element 's value
toc
The Form .
EventObserver class
Inherits from Abstract .
EventObserver
Implementation of an Abstract .
EventObserver that monitors any changes to any data entry element contained in a form , using the elements ' events to detect when the value changes .
If the form contains elements that do not expose any event that reports changes , then you can use the Form .
Observer class instead .
Method Kind Arguments Description [ ctor ] ( form , callback ) constructor form : form object or id , callback : function to be called when any data entry element in the form changes Inherited from Abstract .
EventObserver .
Creates an object that will monitor the form for changes .
getValue ( ) instance ( none ) Returns the serialization of all form 's data .
toc
The Position object
This object provides a host of functions that help when working with element positioning .
Method Kind Arguments Description absolutize( element ) instance element : element object or id Changes the object postioning to absolute but takes care of not altering its current size and location on the page .
clone ( source , target [ , cloneOptions ] ) instance source : element object or id , target : element object or id , cloneOptions : allow fine tuning of the operation Resizes and repositions the target element identically to the source element .
Note that the target element will only be repositioned if it already has the position style attribute set to absolute , otherwise only the size will change .
Check the cloneOptions reference below. cumulativeOffset( element ) instance element : object Returns an Array with the total offsets of the element , including any of the element 's ancestors offsets .
The resulting array is similar to [ total_left_offset , total_top_offset ] offsetParent( element ) instance element : object Returns the first non-statically - positioned ancestor of the element .
overlap ( mode , element ) instance mode : ' vertical ' or ' horizontal ' , element : object within ( ) needs to be called right before calling this method .
This method will return a decimal number between 0.0 and 1.0 representing the fraction of the coordinate that overlaps on the element .
As an example , if the element is a square DIV with a 100 px side and positioned at ( 300 , 300 ) , then within ( divSquare , 330 , 330 ) ; overlap ( ' vertical ' , divSquare ) ; should return 0.70 , meaning that the point is at the 70 % ( 100 px - 30 px = 70 px ) mark from the bottom border of the DIV .
The easiest way to understand it is to think of the given coordinate pair as the top - left corner of another rectangle , overlapping the first one .
The number will be the percentage of the width or height that is overlapped ( assuming that the second rectangle is large enough . ) page ( element ) instance element : object Returns an Array with the coordinates of the element relative to the page .
The resulting array is similar to [ left , top ] positioned Offset( element ) instance element : object Returns an Array with the correct offsets of the element relative to its offset parent , in pixels .
The resulting array is similar to [ left_offset , top_offset ] prepare ( ) instance ( none ) Adjusts the deltaX and deltaY properties to accommodate changes in the scroll position .
Remember to call this method before any calls to withinIncludingScrolloffset after the page scrolls .
realOffset( element ) instance element : object Returns an Array with the correct scroll offsets of the element , including any scroll offsets that affect the element .
The resulting array is similar to [ total_scroll_left , total_scroll_top ] relativize ( element ) instance element : element object or id Changes the object postioning to relative but takes care of not altering its current size and location on the page .
Works best with elements that have been absolutized previously .
within ( element , x , y ) instance element : object , x and y : coordinates of a point Tests if the given point coordinates are inside the bounding rectangle of the given element withinIncludingScrolloffsets ( element , x , y ) instance element : object , x and y : coordinates of a point
toc
The cloneOptions argument object
The clone ( ) method of the Position object takes an optional third argument , used to more detailedly control the cloning operation .
Property Type Default Description offsetLeft Number 0 Number of pixels to offset the target element from the left of the source .
offsetTop Number 0 Number of pixels to offset the target element from the top of the source .
setHeight Boolean true Causes the height of the source element to be copied over to the target element .
setLeft Boolean true Causes the left position of the source element to be copied over to the target element .
set Top Boolean true Causes the top position of the source element to be copied over to the target element .
setWidth Boolean true Causes the width of the source element to be copied over to the target element .
toc
A friend on Facebook invited me to try the “ X Me ” application .
It sounded a little silly but it was a person I respect , so I clicked on it .
As soon as it installed , it popped up a list of more or less everyone I knew asking if it was OK to mail invitations to them .
I said “ no ” , and then ( weirdly ) it popped up one other name and I said “ no ” again .
Now I ’m getting messages from people asking if I really think they should install “ X Me ” .
This , obviously , is a virus .
As of now , I ai n’t installing any Facebook apps unless someone I know and trust lets me know , in a personal and one - to - one way , that they ’re using it and it works as advertised and is n’t a scummy virus .
In Facebook , nobody can hear you scream .
Except your “ friends ” .
A blog is different .
Dmitri Zimine has a hypothetical story of how interrupting a programmer for a two hour emergency request needed to close some sale can actually waste two weeks .
“ If Sarah spends just two hours thinking of her old project , she loses a day of productive work on the new one , ” he says .
I agree that context switching is harmful .
Absolutely .
Dmitri points out that the development manager should “ tell the developer to stick to the original plan .
Offer to protect her from switching her mind context .
Remind her how cool it is to work single - mindedly on an important and interesting project .
Ensure her that I ’ll handle the pressure . ”
This sounds like something I would agree with , too .
I completely agree that management has a responsibility to provide an abstraction layer for programmers , so programmers can pretend that the outside world does n’t exist while they work on code .
However , something in the conclusion here strikes me as odd .
Dmitri is only looking at one side of the cost / benefit equation .
He ’s laid out a very convincing argument why Sarah should not interrupt her carefully planned two week iteration , but he has n’t even mentioned arguments for the other side : the important sale that will be lost .
Agile development is supposed to be about agility .
It ’s supposed to mean that you can change plans quickly .
It ’s not supposed to be about rigid programming teams who are so slavishly devoted to their Two Week Plans that they can’t rearrange their schedule a bit to serve the needs of the customer .
Dmitri ’s conclusion , I ’m afraid , strikes me as the very opposite of agile development .
Agile is not supposed to be about swapping out one set of bureaucratic , rigid procedures for another equally rigid set of procedures that still does n’t take customer ’s needs into account .
I do n’t know the details of this hypothetical example .
Maybe in real life the customer ’s needs were n’t really that urgent .
But maybe they were ?
Maybe this customer would have saved the company and made everyone a web 3.0 millionaire , but Sarah ’s doctrinaire insistence on following the Two Week Plan ( because it was “ agile ” ) made them lose interest ?
Not sure … there ’s only one side of the story here .
Recently Microsoft released a new version of Internet Explorer .
They introduced a bug in proxy detection code which caused a very small number of Copilot customers to experience crashes .
Meanwhile , the Copilot development team , informally known inside Fog Creek as “ Ben , ” was busy trying to get Copilot 2.0 out the door .
But you know what ?
Our customers who had installed IE 7 were experiencing crashes .
This was not acceptable .
Ben stopped what he was doing , installed the old version of the compiler , checked out the old source code , fixed the crash , and pushed a patch out to the server .
It interrupted and delayed Copilot 2.0 , and the context switching was harmful .
But it was still the right decision to make .
Being able to do mentally difficult things like context switching makes our product better .
This Is Why Programmers Get The Big Bucks .
The whole reason you gave them Aeron chairs , unlimited M&Ms , free catered lunches , and the kickass computers with the 30 ″ LCDs is so they can deal with new bugs Microsoft introduced in their code by messing up a DLL that used to work .
Yes , context switching is painful .
Yes , you need to take into account the costs of context switching when you interrupt someone ’s work .
But every decision has pros and cons and when I hear a manager who is just talking about the cons without considering the pros , that manager is not doing their job .
svnmerge.py is a tool for automatic branch management .
It allows branch maintainers to merge changes from and to their branch very easily , and automatically records which changes were already merged .
This allows displaying an always updated list of changes yet to be merged , and totally prevents merge mistakes ( such as merging the same change twice ) .
You can think of svnmerge as the equivalent of yellow sticky notes on a Subversion branch that record which revisions have been merged in already from one or more other branches , plus some useful functionality for viewing , managing and updating that information .
See our feature list for a more detailed description .
Features
Merge tracking support : the tool remembers which revisions have been already merged , and always does the right thing by default ( only merges new revisions ) .
support : the tool remembers which revisions have been already merged , and always does the right thing by default ( only merges new revisions ) .
Specific support for development branches with a very simple " merge everything " command ( does everything automatically ) .
with a very simple " merge everything " command ( does everything automatically ) .
Specific support for release branches through cherry - picking : name and merge single revisions or revision ranges .
through : name and merge single revisions or revision ranges .
List revisions available for merging ( revision numbers , logs , or diffs ) .
( revision numbers , logs , or diffs ) .
Bidirectional merges : merges changes forth and back between a branch and its head .
: merges changes forth and back between a branch and its head .
Multiple heads support : merge changes from multiple sources .
This is useful , for instance , for the trunk , which usually needs to merge changes from multiple branches .
: merge changes from multiple sources .
This is useful , for instance , for the trunk , which usually needs to merge changes from multiple branches .
Revision blocking : mark some revisions as unwanted in the branch , so that they will never get merged and you can forget about them .
: mark some revisions as unwanted in the branch , so that they will never get merged and you can forget about them .
Merge rollbacks : freely revert merges in case you changed your mind .
: freely revert merges in case you changed your mind .
Absolutely commit - free : the user will always have to do the commit by himself , and thus will always have a chance to review svnmerge .
py's modifications .
: the user will always have to do the commit by himself , and thus will always have a chance to review svnmerge .
py's modifications .
Commit message suggestions : an informative commit message listing all the logs of the merged revisions is generated in a text file , as a suggestion for a good commit message .
: an informative commit message listing all the logs of the merged revisions is generated in a text file , as a suggestion for a good commit message .
Manual merges support : if you merged some changes manually , you can inform svnmerge .py to update its merge tracking info .
FAQ
What problem does svnmerge solve ?
If we have to apply the same change to another branch , subversion already has a method for doing this .
Traditional subversion will let you merge changes , but it does n't " remember " what you 've already merged .
It also does n't provide a convenient way to exclude a change set from being merged .
svnmerge .py automates some of the work , and simplifies it .
Svnmerge also creates a commit message with the log messages from all of the things it merged .
It sounds like maybe everyone has to use svnmerge if someone is going to get any use out of it ...
In other words , do manual merges wreck whatever it is svnmerge is trying to keep track of ?
Manual merges do n't wreck it , but it means that svnmerge does n't give you quite as much benefit .
However , once you 've done an svnmerge on already manually propogated changes , the changes that were already propogated will be recorded as " merged " in its state tracking .
From then onward , svnmerge wo n't try to re-merge those changes .
Why is merging the same thing twice a problem ?
Subversion does n't seem to care -- the working copy does n't appear to have any other changes than when I merged it once .
Merging the same change twice is n't usually a problem .
It 's a problem in two situations : if you do n't want a certain change .
Then you have to exclude it every single time you do a merge .
If your trunk and your branch are both diverging .
Developer A makes a change to line 10 in the trunk , and Developer B makes a change to line 10 in the branch .
They 're conflicting changes .
If you do repeated merging , you will have to manually resolve the conflict every time .
When I merge changes from my branch into the trunk and then later merge trunk into the branch , I get the error " Trying to add new property ' svnmerge - integrated ' with value ' xxx ' but property already exists with value ' yyy ' .
Apply the patch discussed here to avoid the problem , and use " svn resolved . " to fix it .
Note that there is some controversy around the patch - see this discussion for the details .
How do I migrate from svnmerge.py to Subversion 1.5's Merge Tracking ?
Use svnmerge - migrate - history .py to convert the merge history written by svnmerge .py into Subversion 1.5 's format .
System requirements
System requirements are down to a bare minimum , to lower as much as possible the bar for using the tool .
Currently , you need :
SVN command line client , version 1.1 or later .
It might actually work with an older version but it has never been tested .
Notice that the command line client is required : so , noticeably , if you use TortoiseSVN , you need to go install the official SVN distribution to use svnmerge .py ( and no , this causes no conflicts whatsoever ! )
To verify , open a command prompt and type svn --version
If this does not work , you need to install Subversion before running svnmerge.py .
.
It might actually work with an older version but it has never been tested .
Notice that the command line client is required : so , noticeably , if you use TortoiseSVN , you need to go install the official SVN distribution to use svnmerge .py ( and no , this causes no conflicts whatsoever ! )
To verify , open a command prompt and type
If this does not work , you need to install Subversion before running svnmerge .py .
Python 2.0 or later .
This is used to run svnmerge .py directly from its source ; another option is to download the binary Windows distribution which does not require an existing Python installation .
Downloads
Link Description svnmerge.py trunk version
This is the default development version , which is usually very stable .
Get it without worrying too much !
svnmerge .py 1.4 - branch version
This is the version shipped with SVN 1.4 .
It 's less updated than the trunk version so it will usually have less features but maybe be a little more stable .
Get this if the current trunk version is temporarily broken .
svnmerge .exe Windows executable Self - contained Windows executable , does not require a Python installation ( but still requires SVN command line client ) .
This is updated every once in a while , use --version to compare it with the trunk version .
Ask Giovanni Bajo if you need a newer version .
SvnMergeGui Windows GUI front - end application to svnmerge.exe
svnmerge.py is maintained within the Subversion repository .
There is not a proper release plan or development map , so there are no official releases .
svnmerge .py gets shipped with Subversion mostly ' the way it is ' when Subversion itself is shipped .
Thus , the trunk version is recommended : we believe it to be mostly stable ( there is a quite extensive testsuite ) .
Mailing List
A svnmerge mailing list has been established .
The mailing list is the place to go for information about active development and new features .
List archives are available at :
Development
Patches , bugfixes , and development of svnmerge are all discussed on the mailing list .
Patches to svnmerge are also tracked using the ' svnmerge ' subcomponent on the Subversion bug tracker .
To submit a patch or bug report , please follow the buddy system as described here , but use the svnmerge mailing list .
Quick Usage Overview
Use svnmerge init to initialize merge tracking on a branch directory .
Use svnmerge avail to review the revisions available for merging .
Use svnmerge merge to merge in some or all available revisions from other branches .
Commit the merge changes using svn commit .
Return to step 2 and repeat .
Quick tutorials
What follows are two quick tutorials for two common usage cases .
Development branches
This tutorial assumes that you are working on a recently - created development branch , made off the trunk .
It also assumes that the development branch has never merged changes from the trunk .
The svnmerge .py command works as a pull operation , so all commands are run from the development branch working copy .
This example pulls changes made on the trunk to your development branch .
Go to the top - level directory of a pristine working copy of the branch ( if you 're currently in a working copy directory containing trunk , you can switch to the branch using : svn switch url:// path/to/branch ) .
This is your development branch .
svnmerge.py is meant to always operate in this condition ( so let me repeat : top - level directory , no local modifications ) .
( if you 're currently in a working copy directory containing trunk , you can switch to the branch using : ) .
This is your .
svnmerge.py is meant to always operate in this condition ( so let me repeat : , ) .
Initialize merge tracking support :
$ svnmerge .py init
This command will scan the branch history to find out when the branch was created , so to initialize merge tracking support .
This needs to be done only once for each branch you want to use svnmerge .py on .
You should run this command with - in the top - level directory of the branch , otherwise it wo n't work as expected .
The svnmerge .py init command added a property to the top level directory .
Since svnmerge .py never does a commit , it 's your turn to commit that change to the repository .
You can use the handy automatically generated file :
$ svn ci - F svnmerge - commit - message .
txt $ rm svnmerge - commit-message.txt
Or use your favourite commit message .
It 's time to do a merge .
To merge everything from the trunk into the branch , chdir to the top - level of the branch , and it 's sufficient to do :
foo / branch1 / $ svnmerge.py merge
or , without chdir :
foo / $ svnmerge .py merge branch1
and that 's it !
You will always get the svnmerge - commit - message .
txt in the current directory .
Then , review the merge , fix any eventual conflict , and commit .
There is a handy commit message listing the logs of all the merged revisions ( can be quite long ) , which many people find useful .
According to the svn repository , it may be necessary to nav into the directory above the working copy of the branch then name the branch in the svnmerge merge command , so the sequence of init tracking -> merge would be for instance
/ path/to/dir/myworkingcopy$
svnmerge.py init / path/to/dir/myworkingcopy $ svn ci - F svnmerge - commit- message.txt / path/to/dir/myworkingcopy$ cd .. / path / to/dir$ svnmerge.py merge myworkingcopy
Repeat the last step whenever you want to merge new changes from the trunk .
If you want to have a look at what new changes are available to be merged from the trunk , do this :
$ svnmerge .py avail # show only the revision numbers $ svnmerge .py avail -- log # show logs of the revisions on the trunk available for merging $ svnmerge .py avail -- diff # show diffs of the revisions on the trunk available for merging
Release branches
This tutorial assumes that you are working on a recently - created release branch , made off the trunk , in which no changes were previously merged .
With release branch , we mean a branch commonly used to stabilize a release : only a few selected changes must be merged from the trunk , the others must be ignored .
The svnmerge .py command works as a pull operation , so all commands are run from the release branch working copy .
This example pulls selected changes made on the trunk to your release branch .
Go to the top - level directory of a pristine working copy of the branch ( svn copy trunk release ; cd release ) .
svnmerge.py is meant to always operate in this condition ( so let me repeat : top - level directory , no local modifications ) .
, ) .
Initialize merge tracking support :
$ svnmerge .py init
This command will scan the branch history to find out when the branch was created , so to initialize merge tracking support .
This needs to be done only once for each branch you want to use svnmerge .
py on .
svnmerge.py never does a commit , so it 's your turn .
You can use the handy automatically generated file :
$ svn ci - F svnmerge - commit - message .
txt $ rm svnmerge - commit-message.txt
Or use your favourite commit message .
Note , however , that svnmerge .py generates the commit message directly from svn client 's output , so , on Windows , it 'll have an OEM encoding .
You need to tell that to svn if your log messages contains non-ASCII characters , otherwise it'll assume an ANSI encoding and the message may be written incorrectly to the repository .
Then , instead of the command above you should use :
$ svn ci -- encoding IBM850 - F svnmerge - commit- message.
txt $ rm svnmerge - commit- message.txt
To know the current encoding used in the console one can use the chcp command .
Review changes available on the trunk to be integrated into the branch :
$ svnmerge .py avail # show only the revision numbers $ svnmerge .py avail -- log # show logs of the revisions $ svnmerge .py avail -- diff # show diffs of the revisions
When you identify specific revision (s ) that you want to merge into the release branch , use the following command to do the merge :
$ svnmerge .py merge - r4500,4671,4812
Then review the changes and commit them .
The automatically generated commit message ( svnmerge - commit - message . txt ) quotes the logs of the revisions that you have merged .
These revisions will of course disappear from the list shown by svnmerge .py avail .
When you identify specific revision (s ) which are obviously not going to be integrated into the branch , mark them as blocked :
$ svnmerge .py block - r6456-6460,6881
and commit .
These revisions will disappear from the list shown by svnmerge .py avail , so that you do n't have to re-review them every time .
Repeat the last two steps ad libitum , until you reduce the avail list to the bare minimum .
A well - maintained release branch always has a small avail list of revisions which are still to be reviewed and / or discussed for backport into the branch : all the other revisions are either already merged or blocked .
Merging development branches back to trunk
This tutorial assumes that you have an active development branch , made off the trunk , in which you made changes and want to merge back to the trunk .
The svnmerge .py command works as a pull operation , so all commands are run from the trunk working copy .
This example pulls changes made on the development branch to your trunk .
Go to the top - level directory of a pristine working copy of the trunk ( svn co trunk trunk ; cd trunk ) .
Again , svnmerge .py is meant to always operate in this condition , top - level directory , with no local modifications .
is meant to always operate in this condition , , with .
Initialize the merge tracking support on the trunk , related to the given branch , using : $ svnmerge .py init BRANCH_URL where BRANCH_URL is the full URL of the branch , such as https://server/svn/project/branches/1.0 .
This needs to be done once per branch you want to merge back .
Note : if you are using a version of svnmerge .py older than r22788 , you must also specify a revision range ( or just upgrade svnmerge. py ! ) .
In that case , you need to follow this procedure :
Find out the revision at which the branch was created by executing the following command : svn log -- stop - on - copy BRANCH_URL
The last revision that appears on the screen should be the one at which the branch was created .
Initialize the merge tracking support on the trunk : svnmerge .py init BRANCH_URL -r1 - NNNNN where NNNNN is the revision found out at the previous step .
Commit the merge tracking initialization , using : $ svn ci - F svnmerge - commit - message .
txt $ rm svnmerge - commit-message.txt
If you just want to merge the whole branch into the trunk , you can simply do : $ svnmerge .py merge -- bidirectional
This command might report an error and tell you to use the - S ( aka -- head ) option to disambiguate ; this happens if you are tracking several branches at the same time in the trunk .
In that case , just use something like : $ svnmerge .py merge -- bidirectional -S BRANCH_NAME where BRANCH_NAME is a string useful to disambiguate ( or the full URL if you prefer ) .
-- bidirectional is useful if the branch is managed with svnmerge .py as well : in fact , it tells svnmerge.py to perform an additional analysis to automatically ignore changes in the branch which are just merges from the trunk itself ( so - called reflected revisions ) .
branch into the trunk , you can simply do :
This command might report an error and tell you to use the ( aka ) option to disambiguate ; this happens if you are tracking several branches at the same time in the trunk .
In that case , just use something like : where is a string useful to disambiguate ( or the full URL if you prefer ) .
is useful if the branch is managed with svnmerge .py as well : in fact , it tells svnmerge.py to perform an additional analysis to automatically ignore changes in the branch which are just merges from the trunk itself ( so - called revisions ) .
If you want to cherry - pick some changes ( or just merge some revision ranges ) , you can follow the same advice as in the section Release branches .
Make sure to always use -- bidirectional to all avail and merge command you issue to ignore reflected revisions .
to all and command you issue to ignore reflected revisions .
When you are done with the branch and you want to close it , you can uninitialize merge support from the trunk : $ svnmerge .py uninit -S BRANCH_NAME .
This is useful because it keeps the house clean , reduces the number of available branches for merge , and keep the need of using the -S option at the bare minimum .
.
This is useful because it keeps the house clean , reduces the number of available branches for merge , and keep the need of using the option at the bare minimum .
It 's also good practice to really close the branch : $ svn rm BRANCH_URL -m " branch is now closed "
Some people do n't like to rm the branch for weird reasons , so they to move it to a specific directory holding closed branches .
Handy Usage Tips
Revision lists are specified as comma separated ranges , e.g. , 1412-1419,1423,1427,1433-1440 .
Ranges may overlap or be out of order ; svnmerge will automaticaly normalize them .
So 1413-1417,1410-1414,1402,1401 is equivalent to 1401-1402,1410 -1417 .
svnmerge never commits anything ; it always leaves that final step to you .
Use svn revert - R . if you need to start over .
Note however that " svn revert " will not delete any files added by the merge , so you may have to remove some files yourself to get a complete reversion .
svnmerge merge requires that there be no outstanding changes in the branch directory ( otherwise you could accidentally " merge " in a change that never existed in the head directory ) ; use the -- force flag to override this check .
Merges of discontinuous revision ranges can produce conflicts or omissions ; this is an inherent fact of discontinuous merges , for example , if revision X modifies a file that was created in a previous revision Y < X that you have n't merged in yet .
Pay special attention to the output from svnmerge ( which comes directly from the " svn merge " ) for any ignored files or other complaints from Subversion ; fixing these cases is up to you .
Note that an " ignoring " message indicates a real conflict ; it 's just that the conflicting file does n't exist in the target branch so Subversion can't mark it with a " C " .
In such cases , it 's probably a good idea to include a comment in the commit message , e.g. , " Note : patch to foo / bar.c in r1234 not included " .
The Ministry of Defense does not compile figures on how many gay men and lesbians are openly serving , and it says that the number of people who have come out publicly in the past seven years is still relatively low .
But it is clearly proud of how smoothly homosexuals have been integrated and is trying to make life easier for them .
“ What we ’re hoping to do is to , over a period of time , reinforce the message that people who are gay , lesbian and the like are welcomed in the armed forces and we do n’t discriminate against them in any way , ” a Defense Ministry official said in an interview , speaking on condition of anonymity in accordance with the ministry ’s practice .
Nonetheless , the issue is extremely delicate now .
The military does not want to be seen bragging about the success of its policy when the issue can still cause so much anguished debate in the United States .
This is particularly true in light of tensions between the allies after a British coroner ruled in March that a British soldier who died four years ago was unlawfully killed by an American pilot .
For this article , the Defense Ministry refused to give permission for any member of the forces to be interviewed , either on or off the record .
Those who spoke did so before the ministry made its position clear .
“ We ’re not looking to have quotes taken out of context in a way to imply that we ’re trying to influence the debate in the United States , ” the British official said .
“ There are some sensitivities over the timing of this .
We have had communications from our counterparts in the United States , and they have asked us questions about how we ’ve handled it and how it ’s gone on the ground .
There does seem to be some debate going on over how long the current policy will be sustainable . ”
Very nearly two years ago I received a Misfit Shine , a rather beautiful fitness tracker from Misfit Wearables .
The Shine resulted from a highly successful Indiegogo project , and I have written about it previously here and here .
The Misfit Shine
Nearly two years on , my Shine has just died , so I thought I ’d write up some thoughts on fitness tracking in general , and the Shine in particular , ith the benefit of nearly two years of use .
Can Fitness Trackers Change Behaviour ?
Do Fitness Trackers Change Behaviour ?
Everything I read about fitness trackers suggests they have a high abandonment rate and that many people find they lose motivation to move more after the first few weeks of novelty wear off .
That has n’t been the case for me .
My experience is that the Shine has been extremely effective at making me move more ( primarily , walk more ) , and that effect has increased over time .
I ’m pretty convinced that whether it works depends primarily on whether the user takes the goal seriously or not .
I left the goal at the default 1,000 points a day .
This seems to equate almost exactly to 10,000 steps a day , which is the widely endorsed minimum amount people should walk ( e.g. NHS , Horizon ) .
While I ’m not the most active person , I always thought I walked quite a lot .
Nevertheless , for the first week or two , I quite often found that by the middle of the evening I was n’t all that close to 1,000 points , and clearly would n’t hit the goal without specific effort .
Perhaps this should n’t be too surprising : when I got the Shine , I worked from home ( behind a computer ) and did n’t have any need to move more than 2,000 – 3,000 steps a day .
But I was convinced that 10,000 steps a day is a pretty small amount for a human to move , and that if I was failing to reach that , this was probably a very bad thing .
So whenever it looked as if I would miss the target , I ’d go for a walk .
sometimes for as long as an hour if it had been a particularly indolent day .
As a result , I hit the minimum the vast majority of days , and probably averaged about 100,000 steps per week .
Conclusion 1 : It can work , and for me it did work .
My behaviour clearly changed as desired : I started hitting 10,000 steps or more very nearly every day .
The key , for me , was a combination of ( 1 ) measuring it ( 2 ) believing it mattered ( 3 ) being committed to doing something about it if it looked as if I was going to miss on any day .
Take the Long Way Home : Changing the Objective Function
There ’s a rather lovely story about a visit to London by Gandhi .
He was escorted by a bright young man from the Foreign Office who said to the mahatma :
“ If we go through this way we will save a minute ” ,
to which Ghandi replied
“ But what then , young man , will we do with the minute ? ”
In the modern world , it seems we are all constantly trying to save time .
We cut corners , take short - cuts , avoid traffic lights , eat fast food , attempt vainly attempt to multi-task ; we “ cut to the chase ” , avoid “ paralysis by analysis ” , snd msgs in ncmprhnsbl txt - spk , use TLAs ( and xTLAs ) and increasingly compress our thoughts to 140 - character tweets .
And we do these things largely unthinkingly , literally without even being aware of them in most cases .
Not everyone does it , of course : there is the slow food movement , and a woman I knew slightly once said that she liked travelling “ as far a possible , as slowly as possible ” , which was such as strikingly unusual formulation that I still remember it ( and her ) a quarter of a century later .
But still …
When I started measuring my movement , I found myself repeatedly thinking something I suspect I ’d never thought previously : rather than taking the quickest route , I could take a long route to wherever I was going .
( I guess I should have taken Supertramp ’s advice sooner . )
Without dwelling on it too much , I think this is fascinating .
In effect , by “ quantifying myself ” , as the lingo has it , I changed my subconscious objective function from “ minimizing time ” to “ maximizing walking ” ; or more accurately , not — obviously — maximizing walking , but at least selecting from among the reasonable alternative routes the one with the most walking rather than the least .
Real - Time Information and Staying Ahead of the Bus
During the time I had the Shine , I changed from working alone , from home , to employing a couple of people and working in an office in Edinburgh .
I live about 8 miles south of the centre , so walking in is n’t a practical option , so I got a bus pass .
There ’s an excellent bus service from near my house to near the office ( the Lothian 31/ X31 ) , so I use that .
I do n’t really mind the 30 – 40 minutes on the bus , not least because I use it mostly to continue development of Miró , which I continue ( only half faceciously ) to call “ the world ’s only analytics package developed primarily on public transport ” .
For the first few weeks , I boarded the bus at the nearest stop to my house , and disembarked at the last stop on North Bridge ; the stop in front of Waverley Station is probably closer , but the time the bus waits at the lights to turn onto Princes Street means that I probably reduce my overall travel time by walking from North Bridge , “ saving time ” , like a good little human optimizer .
Then things then changed .
I ’m not a very patient person .
In fact , I ’m an extremely impatient person .
And I hate waiting for buses .
Happily , however , a few years ago Lothian Buses introduced a real - time bus tracking information service , with digital displays at some bus stops and phone apps that give pretty reliable information about the time to the next bus .
In the centre of Edinburgh , bus stops are remarkably close together .
The combination of the reliability of the real - time bus information and the closeness of stops means that my rule - of - thumb is that if there ’s more than 3 minutes to go until the bus is due , I can safely walk to the next stop and still catch the same bus .
So I do .
There ’s a double win here : I avoid the mind - numbing tedium of waiting for a bus and I walk more , with no cost at all in terms of my total journey time ( including waiting ) .
But there ’s more .
It turns out that between North Bridge , where I get on the bus to go home , and Lady Road , about 2 further south , the average bus speed is less than twice my walking speed .
As a result , if I get to the bus stop and it shows 10 minutes till the next bus is due , I can probably walk for at least 20 minutes , often more , until the bus catches me .
In fact , I often make it all the way to Lady Road without the bus catching me , and I ’ve yet to miss a bus as a result of this tactic .
( Slightly disconcertingly , in the centre , the bus speed is not always faster than walking , so its far from uncommon for the time indicated at each bus stop I pass to increase as I march south for the first few stops . )
I find this remarkably interesting too .
For my whole life , without really thinking about it , I ’ve effectively optimized for “ walking as little as possible ” when using buses .
But now , simply by consiously changing this approach to trying to get home “ as fast as possible ” , but qualifying this by saying “ and walk as much as is consistent with that ” , my activity has changed almost beyond recognition .
Small nudges , indeed ( a book , I should say , I have n’t read ) .
Do n’t Walk ; Walk
The third change in my behaviour I ’ve observed since getting the Shine has been to start getting off the bus earlier , particularly on the way into work .
Unlike walking ahead of the bus and letting it catch up , this is n’t “ free ” : the result is that I get into the office slightly later than I otherwise would .
( And get wetter , if it ’s raining . )
But even here , it is n’t as bad as it seems .
I tend to get off around the Queen ’s Hall , and walk to Forth Street , which gives me a 1.3 mile walk rather than a 0.5 mile walk , so I that probably costs me 12 or 13 minutes gross .
But , as mentioned before , the bus does n’t go that much faster than walking pace in town .
So in fact , I think I probably only add about 5 minutes to my journey by getting off nearly a mile earlier .
Behaviour Changed
Overall , over the 23 months for which I used the Shine , I made my daily goal very nearly 100 % of the time .
I do n’t have the full stats for the two years , but I had a number of runs of 60 – 90 consecutive days making the goal , frequently hit 150 % to 200 % of the daily target , and would often go weeks at a time without dropping below 150 % of target .
Of course , your mileage may vary ( literally ! )
Conclusion : To Replace or Not To Replace
For me , there ’s no question the Misfit Shine worked .
It is a beautiful , minimalist , but very effective step counter .
By caring about achieving the ( admittedly modest ) goal I set , it definitely succeeded in getting me to move significantly more than I had been doing .
I ’m sure lots of other fitness trackers would have performed similarly , though it helped that the Shine is attractive to wear , has excellent software and is backed by a company whose people are consistently helpful .
It ’s not a perfect device by any means .
Among its weaknesses , it is very losable , and I ’m not convinced it ’s accurate for tracking other activities like cycling and swimming .
Syncronization with the phone was always a hit - and - miss process for me , though this was more annoying in the early days , when you had to sync manually , than more recently , since they updated the app to sync in the background periodically .
( Synchronization uses Bluetooth Low Energy , and I guess that is made more difficult by the Shine ’s very elegant , nearly all - metal case . )
Despite these small niggles , the Shine is excellent at its primary function .
So will I replace the Shine ?
For sure .
While I am confident many of the changes in behaviour it has facilitated would persist even without a tracker , at least for a while , I am also convinced that measurement makes a difference , and that without that quantitative reckoning I would gradually slide back into less activity .
In this case , however , I probably wo n’t replace it with another Shine .
Instead , I suspect I ’ll now get an Apple Watch .
This is not a particularly easy decision .
Most of what I read and hear about the Apple Watch is that people think it is beautiful but rather lacking in functionality .
My perspective is almost exactly the reverse .
I have little doubt I will love the functionality : the fitness tracking alone will be fantastic , occasional taptic notifications will be a boon , and I like the idea of Apple Pay .
But I find the Watch physically ugly — thick , large , square , asymmetrical — what was Jony thinking with the positioning of that “ digital crown ” ?— and vacuously blank except when raised .
Until now , I ’ve worn a traditional watch on my left wrist and the Shine on my right wrist .
There is obviously appeal to going to a single device , and the total functionality of the Apple Watch is so far in advance of that of the traditional - watch - plus - Shine combination that it ’s not even a fair fight .
So I think I will swallow my aesthetic objections and try the Watch .
But if it disappoints , or it turns out that I ca n’t stand the look or bulk of the Apple Watch , I ’ll be straight onto Misfit , ordering a new Shine .
PHOTO CREDIT
Walk - Do n’t Walk Lights - Washington DC , by Glyn Low , GlynLowe.com , Some rights reserved
Labels : behaviour , change , fitness , misfit
SOME of the most basic organisms are smarter than we thought .
Rather than moving about randomly , amoebas and plankton employ sophisticated strategies to look for food and might travel in a way that optimises their foraging .
Biophysicists have long tried to explain how creatures of all sizes search for food .
However , single - celled organisms such as bacteria seem to move in no particular direction in their search .
To investigate , Liang Li and Edward Cox at Princeton University studied the movements of amoebas ( Dictyostelium ) in a Petri dish , recording the paths travelled by 12 amoebas , including every turn and movement straight ahead , for 8 to 10 hours per amoeba .
Immediately after an amoeba turned right , it was twice as likely to turn left as right again , and vice versa , they told a meeting of the American Physical Society meeting in Denver , Colorado , last week .
This suggests that the cells have a rudimentary memory , being able to remember the last direction they had just turned in , says Robert Austin , a biophysicist at Princeton who was not involved in the study .
Advertisement
Such memories might be laid down because of the way the cell moves .
To turn , an amoeba extends part of its body in the preferred direction , which creates a scar made of protein down that side of the cell .
The scar might make the cell temporarily more likely to move in the opposite direction .
For the amoeba , the pay - off is that it avoids travelling in circles and hence can search a larger area .
 For an amoeba , the pay - off is that it avoids travelling in circles and hence can search a larger area 
Another study has shed light on the optimal foraging strategy of micro-organisms .
Ricardo Garcia and Frank Moss at the University of Missouri at St Louis placed Daphnia zooplankton ( see Picture ) in water laced with food particles and measured the angles of up to 1000 turns made by individuals of five different species .
The plankton were exponentially more likely to turn at smaller , more gradual angles than larger ones , with a preferred turning angle of about 36 degrees .
Meanwhile , their collaborators at Humboldt University in Berlin , Germany , used a computer model to calculate what angle would maximise the amount of food Daphnia collected within a fixed space and time .
It turns out that the optimal turning angle closely matches that used by Daphnia in the experiments ( Mathematical Biosciences , in press ) ; and an angle any greater or smaller would make the plankton less successful .
“ This allows it to explore the most area and get the most food in a given amount of time , ” says Garcia .
16-01-2020 37.1
Added the AMD Radeon RX 5600 XT graphics card
Added the AMD Radeon RX 5600 graphics card
Added the AMD Radeon RX 5500 XT graphics card
Added the AMD Radeon RX 5500 graphics card
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1660 SUPER graphics card
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1650 SUPER graphics card
Total GPUs : 835
30-07-2019 37.0 Added the AMD Radeon RX 5700 XT 50th Anniversary Edition graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon RX 5700 XT graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon RX 5700 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon VII graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon RX 590 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon RX 560D graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon RX 550X graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA TITAN RTX graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 Ti Rev. 2 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 Ti graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 SUPER graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 Rev. 2 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2070 SUPER graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2070 Rev. 2 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2070 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2060 SUPER graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2060 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 1660 Ti graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 1660 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 1650 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 829
04-06-2018 36.0 Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 ( 3 GB ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1030 ( DDR4 ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 ( 2 GB ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1030 ( GDDR5 ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 808
19-02-2018 35.9
Added the AMD Radeon RX Vega 11 processor graphics .
Added the AMD Radeon Vega 8 processor graphics .
Total GPUs : 806
22-12-2017 35.8
Added the AMD Radeon RX 560 ( 14 CUs ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon RX 580 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon RX 570 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon RX 560 ( 16 CUs ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon RX 550 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 804
13-12-2017 35.7
Added the NVIDIA TITAN V graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA TITAN X graphics card .
Total GPUs : 803
27-11-2017 35.6
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce TITAN Xp graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 ( 6 GB ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 ( 3 GB ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 802
13-11-2017 35.5
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 Ti graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 1030 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 802
16-10-2017 35.4
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 Ti graphics card .
Total GPUs : 802
03-08-2017 35.3
Added the AMD Radeon RX Vega 64 Liquid Cooled Edition graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon RX Vega 64 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon RX Vega 56 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 801
19-05-2017 35.2
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 1030 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 798
11-05-2017 35.1
Added the NVIDIA GeForce Titan Xp graphics card .
Updated the Texture Fill Rate specification of various NVIDIA graphics cards .
Total GPUs : 797
26-04-2017 35.0
Added the AMD Radeon RX 580 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon RX 570 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon RX 560 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon RX 550 graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon R9 490X ( Future ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon R9 490 ( Future ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon R9 480X ( Future ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon R9 480 ( Future ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 796
20-03-2017 34.9
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 796
11-02-2017 34.8 Added the Intel HD Graphics 630 ( 1150 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 630 ( 1100 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 630 ( 1050 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 630 ( 1000 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 610 ( 1100 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 610 ( 1050 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 610 ( 1000 MHz ) processor graphics .
Total GPUs : 796
02-01-2017 34.7
Added the AMD Radeon RX 470D graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 455 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 450 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 435 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 430 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R5 435 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R5 430 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon RX 460 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 789
16-12-2016 34.6
Added the Intel Iris Pro Graphics 580 ( 1150 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel Iris Pro Graphics 580 ( 1050 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 505 ( 800 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 500 ( 700 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 405 ( 740 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 400 ( 700 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added 6 CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics 510 ( 950 MHz ) processor graphics .
Total GPUs : 782
20-10-2016 34.5 Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 776
04-10-2016 34.4
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 945A graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 730 ( GDDR5 ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 730 ( 64 - bit DDR3 ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 720 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 774
20-09-2016 34.3
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 ( 3 GB ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA TITAN X graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 773
05-08-2016 34.2
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon RX 480 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon RX 470 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon RX 460 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 772
26-07-2016 34.1
Added the NVIDIA TITAN X graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 772
11-07-2016 34.0
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 771
20-06-2016 33.9
Added the AMD Radeon RX 480 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon RX 470 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon RX 460 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 490X ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 490 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 480X ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 480 ( Future ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 770
12-05-2016 33.8
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 graphics card .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 965 Ti ( Future ) graphics card .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 Ti ( Future ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 767
05-05-2016 33.7
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 945A graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 740 ( GDDR5 ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 740 ( GDDR5 ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 740 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 730 ( GDDR5 ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 730 ( 64 - bit DDR3 ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 720 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 710 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce GT 740 ( GDDR5 OEM ) graphics card .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce GT 730 ( GDDR5 OEM ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 767
05-04-2016 33.6
Added the AMD Radeon Pro Duo graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R7 350 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R7 340 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R5 340 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon R9 Fury X2 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 769
17-02-2016 33.5
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 945A ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 710 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 730 ( GDDR5 ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 730 ( 64 - bit DDR3 ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 720 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 710 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 769
19-02-2016 33.4
Added the AMD Radeon R9 490X ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 490 ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 480X ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 480 ( Future ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 767
01-02-2016 33.3 Added the Intel HD Graphics 510 ( 1050 MHz ) processor graphics .
Updated the specifications of the Intel HD Graphics 510 ( 950 MHz ) processor graphics .
Total GPUs : 763
07-01-2016 33.2
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 370 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R7 370 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 762
29-12-2015 33.1
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 390 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 762
07-12-2015 33.0
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 960 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 762
30-11-2015 32.9
Added the AMD Radeon R9 390 X2 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 ( Wani ) processor graphics .
Added the AMD Radeon R6 ( Wani ) processor graphics .
Total GPUs : 761
20-11-2015 32.8
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 380X graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 380 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 380 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 370X ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 370 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 370 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 758
31-10-2015 32.7 Added the Intel HD Graphics 510 ( 1000 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 510 ( 950 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics - 4 EUs ( 896 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics - 4 EUs ( 854 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics - 4 EUs ( 792 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics - 4 EUs ( 750 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added two CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics 530 ( 1050 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added a CPU model to the Intel HD Graphics 530 ( 950 MHz ) processor graphics .
Removed 4 CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics - 10 EUs ( 1150 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added 8 CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics - 10 EUs ( 1100 MHz ) processor graphics .
Total GPUs : 758
21-10-2015 32.6 Added the Intel HD Graphics 530 ( 1150 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 530 ( 1100 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 530 ( 1050 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 530 ( 1000 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 530 ( 950 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel Iris Pro Graphics 6200 ( 1150 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel Iris Pro Graphics 6200 ( 1100 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel Iris Pro Graphics 6200 ( 1050 MHz ) processor graphics .
Corrected the performance specifications for all Intel " Haswell " processor graphics .
Corrected the performance specifications for all Intel " Ivy Bridge " processor graphics .
Corrected the performance specifications for all Intel " Sandy Bridge " processor graphics .
Corrected the performance specifications for all Intel " Ironlake " processor graphics .
Total GPUs : 752
30-09-2015 32.5
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 380X ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 380 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 380 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 370X ( Future ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 744
01-09-2015 32.4
Added the ATI Radeon 8500 XT graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon 7000 Mac Edition graphics card .
Added the ATI All - In - Wonder Radeon 7200 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon 7000 Mac Edition graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon 7000 PCI graphics card .
Added the ATI Rage Fury Pro graphics card .
Added the ATI Rage 128 Pro Ultra GL graphics card .
Added the ATI Rage 128 Ultra graphics card .
Added the ATI Rage 128 Ultra GL graphics card .
Added the ATI 3D Rage II + DVD graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon 8500 series of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon 7500 series of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon 7200 series of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon 7000 series of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Rage series of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI 3D Rage series of graphics cards .
Renamed the ATI Rage 128 Pro as the ATI Rage 128 Pro Ultra .
Renamed the ATI Rage 128 VR as the ATI Rage Fury .
Total GPUs : 744
28-08-2015 32.3
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 Nano graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon 9800 XT Mac Edition graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon 9800 XXL graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon 9800 Pro Mac Edition graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon 9600 TX graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon 9550 XT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon 9800 series of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon 9700 series of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon 9600 series of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon 9500 series of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon 9200 series of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon 9100 series of graphics cards .
Total GPUs : 734
24-08-2015 32.2
Added the NVIDIA GeForce4 MX ( nForce 2 ) integrated graphics .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce2 MX graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce4 MX4000 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce4 MX440 - 8X graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce4 MX420 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce2 GTS Pro graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce2 MX400 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce2 MX200 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce2 MX ( nForce 420/220 ) integrated graphics .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA RIVA TNT2 M64 Vanta graphics card .
Total GPUs : 729
18-08-2015 32.1
Added the ATI Radeon X600 SE graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon X550 XTX graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon X550 XT graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon X550 HyperMemory graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 Fury X2 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X700 Pro graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X600 Pro graphics card .
Total GPUs : 727
13-08-2015 32.0
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX TITAN X graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 Ti graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 723
05-08-2015 31.9 Added the AMD Radeon HD 8370D IGP .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 Nano ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R7 ( 512 SP ) Processor Graphics .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R7 ( 384 SP ) Processor Graphics .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 8570D IGP .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7660D IGP .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7560D IGP .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7540D IGP .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7480D IGP .
Removed the AMD Radeon R9 370 ( Future ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon R9 360 ( Future ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 723
28-07-2015 31.8
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 6800 Ultra DDL ( Mac ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 6800 GT DDL ( Mac ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 6800 GT Dual graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 6800 XE graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 6600 GT Dual graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 6200 SE TurboCache graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 6200 LE 512 MB graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 6800 Ultra graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 6800 GT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 6800 LE graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 6200 LE graphics card .
Total GPUs : 724
09-07-2015 31.7
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950 ( Future ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 717
30-06-2015 31.6 Updated the Die Size specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 Fury X2 graphics card .
Updated the Die Size specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 Fury graphics card .
Updated the Die Size specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 Fury graphics card .
Updated the Die Size specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 Nano graphics card .
Updated the Die Size specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 380 graphics card .
Updated the Die Size specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 380 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon R9 375X ( Future ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon R9 375 ( Future ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon R7 350X ( Future ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon R5 340X ( Future ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 716
22-06-2015 31.5
Added the AMD Radeon R9 Fury X2 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 390X graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 390 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 380 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 370 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 360 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R7 370 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R7 360 graphics card .
Corrected the OpenGL Support specifications for the AMD Radeon R9 370 series of graphics cards .
Corrected the OpenGL Support specifications for the AMD Radeon R9 360 series of graphics cards .
Corrected the OpenGL Support specifications for the AMD Radeon R9 200 series of graphics cards .
Corrected the OpenGL Support specifications for the AMD Radeon R7 200 series of graphics cards .
Corrected the OpenGL Support specifications for the AMD Radeon R5 200 series of graphics cards .
Removed the AMD Radeon R9 395X2 graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon R9 390X WCE graphics card .
Total GPUs : 720
17-06-2015 31.4
Added the AMD Radeon R9 Fury X graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 Nano graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 395X2 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 390X WCE ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 Fury graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 390X graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 390 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 380 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R7 370 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R7 360 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 721
12-06-2015 31.3
Added the AMD Radeon R7 370 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 390X ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 390 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 380X ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 380 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 380 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 370X ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 370 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 370 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R7 360 ( Future ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 719
08-06-2015 31.2
Added the AMD Radeon R9 FURY graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 5870 Mac Edition graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 5770 X2 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 5770 Mac Edition graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 5730 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 5690 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 5670 640 SP Edition graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 5530 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4855 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4750 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4710 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4700 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4670 X2 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4570 Rebrand graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4580 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4570 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4520 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4450 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 3870 X2 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 3750 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 3730 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 3550 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 2600 XT Mac Edition graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 2400 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 2350 Pro graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 6510 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 718
02-06-2015 31.1
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 405 ( OEM - GT218 ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 405 ( OEM - GT216 ) graphics card .
Updated the OpenGL Support and OpenCL Support specifications for all NVIDIA graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 Ti graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 693
25-05-2015 31.0
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 740 ( GDDR5 OEM ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 730 ( GDDR5 OEM ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 680 Mac Edition graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 650 Ti ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 440 Mac Edition graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 780 Rev. 2 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 760 ( 192 - bit ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 710 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 630 Rev. 2 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 691
15-05-2015 30.9
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 Ti ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 6800 Ultra Extreme graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 6800 family of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 6600 family of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 6500 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 6200 family of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 5900 family of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 5800 family of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 5700 family of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 5600 family of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 5500 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 5300 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 5200 family of graphics cards .
Renamed the NVIDIA GeForce FX 5200 SE / XT to the NVIDIA GeForce FX 5200 LE .
Total GPUs : 686
11-05-2015 30.8
Added the AMD Radeon R9 390X WCE ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 380 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 370 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 360 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 350 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 340 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R5 340 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R5 330 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 360 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 350 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the OpenGL Support specifications for the AMD Radeon Rx 300 ( Future ) family of processors .
Updated the OpenGL Support specifications for the AMD Radeon Rx 200 family of processors .
Total GPUs : 685
04-05-2015 30.7
Updated the DirectX Support specifications for the AMD Radeon R5 240 graphics card .
Updated the DirectX Support specifications for the AMD Radeon R7 ( 512 SP ) processor graphics .
Updated the DirectX Support specifications for the AMD Radeon R7 ( 384 SP ) processor graphics .
Updated the DirectX Support specifications for the AMD Radeon R5 ( 256 SP ) processor graphics .
Updated the DirectX Support specifications for the AMD Radeon R5 ( 192 SP ) processor graphics .
Updated the DirectX Support specifications for the AMD Radeon R3 ( HD 8400 ) processor graphics .
Updated the DirectX Support specifications for the AMD Radeon R3 ( HD 8280 ) processor graphics .
Updated the DirectX Support specifications for the AMD Radeon R3 ( HD 8240 ) processor graphics .
Updated the DirectX Support specifications for the AMD Radeon HD 8000 family of graphics cards .
Updated the DirectX Support specifications for the AMD Radeon HD 7000 family of graphics cards .
Total GPUs : 677
28-04-2015 30.6
Added the AMD Radeon R9 270 ( 1024 SP ) graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon X850 Pro AGP graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon X800 GTO AGP graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon X800 SE AGP graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon X800 VE AGP graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon X700 SE graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X800 family of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X700 family of graphics cards .
Removed the AMD Radeon R9 270 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 677
13-04-2015 30.5
Added the AMD Radeon R9 375X graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 375 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 360 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 350 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 360 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 350X graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 340 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R5 340X graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R5 310 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 395X2 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 390X graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 390 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 380X graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 380 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 370X graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 370 graphics card .
Updated the OpenCL specifications for the AMD R9 200 series of graphics cards .
Updated the OpenCL specifications for the AMD R7 200 series of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 285 graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon R9 285X graphics card .
Total GPUs : 672
02-04-2015 30.4
Added the AMD Radeon R9 395X2 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 390X graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 390 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 380X graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 380 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 370X graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 370 graphics card .
Updated the OpenCL specifications for the AMD R9 200 series of graphics cards .
Updated the OpenCL specifications for the AMD R7 200 series of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 285 graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon R9 285X graphics card .
Total GPUs : 663
26-03-2015 30.3
Added the ATI Radeon X1650 XT Dual graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon X1650 XT AGP graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon X1650 GTO AGP graphics card .
Added the ATI All In Wonder 2006 Edition AGP graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon X1050 AGP graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI All - In - Wonder Radeon X1900 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1900 GT Rev. 2 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1800 CrossFire Edition graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1800 XT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1800 XL graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1650 XT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1650 Pro graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1600 XT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1600 Pro graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1550 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1300 XT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1300 Pro graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI All In Wonder 2006 Edition graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1300 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1300 HyperMemory graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1050 graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon X1900 GTO graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon X1800 Pro graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon X1800 GTO Rev. 2 graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon X1800 LE graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon X1550 SE graphics card .
Total GPUs : 657
19-03-2015 30.2
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce TITAN X graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce G100 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9300 GS graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9300 GE graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9400 mGPU .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9300 mGPU .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 8400 Rev. 2 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 8300 mGPU .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 8200 mGPU .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 8100 mGPU .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7950 GX2 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7950 GT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7900 GX2 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7900 GTX graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7900 GTO graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7900 GT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7900 GS graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7800 GTX 512 MB graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7800 GTX graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7800 GT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7800 GS AGP graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7650 GS graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7600 GT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7600 GS graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7500 LE graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7300 GT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7300 GS graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7300 LE graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7300 SE graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7200 GS graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7100 GS graphics card .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce 7900 GS graphics card .
Total GPUs : 657
06-03-2015 30.1
Added the NVIDIA GeForce TITAN X graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 graphics card .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 Ti graphics card .
Total GPUs : 658
04-03-2015 30.0
Added the AMD Radeon HD 5490 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 5470 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4250 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 3610 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 3570 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 3410 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4290 IGP .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4250 IGP .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4200 IGP .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 3300 IGP .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 3200 IGP .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 3100 IGP .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 3000 IGP .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 2900 XT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1950 CrossFire Edition graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1950 XTX graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1950 XT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1950 Pro graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1950 GT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1900 CrossFire Edition graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1900 XTX graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1900 XT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1900 GT graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon X1900 XT ( 256 MB ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 658
26-02-2015 29.9 Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660 Rev. 2 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 640 ( Retail - GDDR5 ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 630 Rev. 2 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 555 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 505 ( OEM - GT216 ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 505 ( OEM - GT218 ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTS 450 Rev. 3 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTS 450 Rev. 2 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9400 GT Rev. 3 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9300 GS Rev. 2 graphics card .
Corrected the Transistor Count and Die Size specifications for all NVIDIA GK208 GPUs .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 635 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 653
18-02-2015 29.8
Added the AMD Radeon R7 265X ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 260 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7720 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7510 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6610 graphcis card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6570 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6530 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6510 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6490 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6290 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 260 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 255 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R7 250X graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7670 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 643
12-02-2015 29.7 Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 780 Rev. 2 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 760 X2 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 745 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 560 Ti X2 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 X2 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX TITAN Z graphics card .
Total GPUs : 633
09-02-2015 29.6
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7970 X2 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6930 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6870 X2 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6870 ( 1600 SP Edition ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6850 X2 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6850 ( 1440 SP Edition ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6770 Green Edition graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6390 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6350 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6250 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6230 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 5630 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R5 240 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R5 235X graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R5 235 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R5 230 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R5 220 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7570 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7450 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7350 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4870 X2 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 628
30-01-2015 29.5
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 760 Ti graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 750 Ti graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 750 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 616
26-01-2015 29.4
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 616
16-01-2015 29.3
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 Ti ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 965 Ti ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 Ti ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 ( Future ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 616
08-01-2015 29.2
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 965 Ti ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 Ti ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 ( Future ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 616
30-12-2014 29.1
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 Ti ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 614
20-11-2014 29.0 Added the AMD Radeon R9 290X ( 8 GB ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7970 GHz Edition graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7950 Boost graphics card .
Renamed the AMD Radeon R9 290X as AMD Radeon R9 290X ( 4 GB ) .
Corrected the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 6790 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 612
04-11-2014 28.9
Added the AMD Radeon R9 290X2 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 285X ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 250XE graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 250E graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 280 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 255 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7730 graphics card .
Updated the DirectX Support specifications for the AMD Radeon R9 , R7 and R5 series of graphics cards .
Total GPUs : 611
28-10-2014 28.8
Added the AMD Radeon R5 240 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R5 ( 256 SP ) processor graphics .
Added the AMD Radeon R5 ( 192 SP ) processor graphics .
Added the AMD Radeon R3 ( HD 8400 ) processor graphics .
Added the AMD Radeon R3 ( HD 8280 ) processor graphics .
Added the AMD Radeon R3 ( HD 8240 ) processor graphics .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R7 250 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R7 240 graphics card .
Updated the DirectX Support specifications for the AMD Radeon R9 , R7 and R5 series of graphics cards .
Total GPUs : 607
23-09-2014 28.7
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 601
10-09-2014 28.6
Added the AMD Radeon R9 285 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 270X ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 270 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the Maximum TDP specification for the AMD Radeon R9 290X and the AMD Radeon R9 290X graphics cards .
Thanks ,
Blashix !
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 270X graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 260 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 255 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Renamed the AMD Radeon R7 260 to the AMD Radeon R9 260 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Renamed the AMD Radeon R7 255 to the AMD Radeon R9 255 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 599
04-08-2014 28.5
Added two new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics 4600 ( 1200 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added a new CPU model to the Intel HD Graphics 4600 ( 1150 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added two new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics 4400 ( 1150 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added a new CPU model to the Intel HD Graphics - 10 EUs ( 1150 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added four new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics - 10 EUs ( 1100 MHz ) processor graphics .
Total GPUs : 596
24-06-2014 28.4
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 730 ( GDDR5 ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 730 ( 128 - bit DDR3 ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 730 ( 64 - bit DDR3 ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 720 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 710 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 705 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 596
02-06-2014 28.3
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 740 ( GDDR5 ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 740 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce TITAN Z graphics card .
Total GPUs : 590
15-05-2014 28.2 Added the Intel HD Graphics - 10 EUs ( 1050 MHz ) Haswell processor graphics .
Added a new CPU model to the Intel HD Graphics 4600 ( 1250 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added a new CPU model to the Intel HD Graphics 4600 ( 1200 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added six new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics 4600 ( 1150 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added three new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics 4600 ( 1100 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added a new CPU model to the Intel HD Graphics 4600 ( 1000 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added three new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics 4400 ( 1150 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added a new CPU model to the Intel HD Graphics - 10 EUs ( 1150 MHz ) Haswell processor graphics .
Added four new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics - 10 EUs ( 1100 MHz ) Haswell processor graphics .
Added a new CPU model to the Intel HD Graphics - 10 EUs ( 1000 MHz ) Haswell processor graphics .
Updated the specifications of the Intel HD Graphics - 10 EUs ( 1150 MHz ) Haswell processor graphics .
Updated the specifications of the Intel HD Graphics - 10 EUs ( 1100 MHz ) Haswell processor graphics .
Updated the specifications of the Intel HD Graphics - 10 EUs ( 1000 MHz ) Haswell processor graphics .
Total GPUs : 588
11-04-2014 28.1
Added the AMD Radeon R9 295X2 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 587
27-03-2014 28.0
Added the NVIDIA GeForce TITAN Z graphics card .
Total GPUs : 586
28-02-2014 27.9 Added the NVIDIA GeForce TITAN Black graphics card .
Corrected the Core Speed specifications for the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 760 ( 192 - bit ) , GeForce GTX 750 Ti and GeForce GTX 750 graphics cards .
Total GPUs : 585
17-02-2014 27.8
Added the AMD Radeon R7 265 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 250X graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R5 235X graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R5 235 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R7 270 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R5 230 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R5 220 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 584
14-02-2014 27.7 Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 760 Ti graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 760 ( 192 - bit ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 750 Ti graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 750 graphics card .
Updated the OpenGL Support specification for all NVIDIA GeForce graphics cards .
Total GPUs : 580
15-01-2014 27.6
Added the AMD Radeon R7 ( 512 SP ) processor graphics .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 ( 384 SP ) processor graphics .
Total GPUs : 576
06-01-2014 27.5
Added the AMD Radeon R7 255 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R7 260 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 574
12-12-2013 27.4
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8730 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 290 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon R9 270 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 573
13-11-2013 27.3 Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 780 Ti graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 780 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 760 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 572
07-11-2013 27.2
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8670D processor graphics .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8650D processor graphics .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8570D processor graphics .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8550D processor graphics .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8470D processor graphics .
Added a new processor to the AMD Radeon HD 7660D processor graphics .
Added a new processor to the AMD Radeon HD 7480D processor graphics .
Corrected the names of the AMD Radeon R9 200 family of processors .
( Thanks , Goldfries ! )
Total GPUs : 571
28-10-2013 27.1
Added the AMD Radeon R9 290X graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 290 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 280X graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 280 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 270X graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R9 270 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 260X graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 260 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 250 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R7 240 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R5 230 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R5 220 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon R5 210 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 566
04-10-2013 27.0 Added the Intel HD Graphics 4600 ( 1000 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 4400 ( 1150 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics - 10 EUs ( 1150 MHz ) Haswell processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics - 10 EUs ( 1100 MHz ) Haswell processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics - 10 EUs ( 1000 MHz ) Haswell processor graphics .
Added a new CPU model to the Intel HD Graphics 4600 ( 1200 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added four new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics 4600 ( 1150 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added two new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics 4600 ( 1100 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added two new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics 2500 ( 1050 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Added 8 new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 1050 MHz ) Ivy Bridge integrated graphics .
Removed a CPU model from the Intel HD Graphics 4600 ( 1150 MHz ) processor graphics .
Total GPUs : 553
24-08-2013 26.9
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8990 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8770 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8670 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8570 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8490 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8470 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8450 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the OpenGL Support specifications for all AMD Radeon HD 8000 , 7000 , 6000 and 5000 family of graphics processors .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 8760 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Changed the name of the AMD Radeon HD 8870 ( OEM ) graphics card to the AMD Radeon HD 8860 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 8670 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 8570 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 8400 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 548
29-07-2013 26.8
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX TITAN graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 780 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 635 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 440 OEM graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 8400 GS Rev. 1 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 544
19-07-2013 26.7
Added the Intel Iris Pro Graphics 5200 ( 1300 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel Iris Pro Graphics 5200 ( 1150 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 4600 ( 1250 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 4600 ( 1200 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 4600 ( 1150 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 4600 ( 1100 MHz ) processor graphics .
Added 4 new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics 4000 ( 1050 MHz ) processor graphics .
Total GPUs : 544
27-06-2013 26.6
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 760 graphics card .
Switched from Average Boost Speed to Maximum Boost Speed for NVIDIA graphics cards that support it , with corresponding changes to their Texture Fill Rate and Pixel Fill Rate specifications .
Corrected the Clock Speed , Texture Fill Rate and Pixel Fill Rate specifications for the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Corrected the Clock Speed , Texture Fill Rate and Pixel Fill Rate specifications for the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 650 Ti Boost graphics card .
Total GPUs : 538
27-05-2013 26.5
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8400 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8350 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7730 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 8970 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 8870 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 8670 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 8570 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7990 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7350 graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 8990 ( Future ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 8970 ( Future ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 8950 ( Future ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 8930 ( Future ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 8870 ( Future ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 8850 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 8830 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 8770 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 8750 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 8740 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 8470 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 8450 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 8370 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 537
21-05-2013 26.4
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 780 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 770 graphics card .
Corrected the Die Size specification of the NVIDIA GeForce TITAN graphics card .
Total GPUs : 547
18-04-2013 26.3
Added a new Die Size specification for all AMD and ATI graphics cards .
Added a new OpenCL Support specification for all AMD and ATI graphics cards .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7990 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7790 graphics card .
Renamed the AMD Radeon HD 7870 LE to AMD Radeon HD 7870 XT .
Corrected the Transistor Count specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 2900 series of graphics cards .
Updated the OpenGL Support specifications for the AMD Radeon HD 4000 family of graphics cards .
Updated the OpenGL Support specifications for the AMD Radeon HD 3000 family of graphics cards .
Updated the OpenGL Support specifications for the AMD Radeon HD 2000 family of graphics cards .
Total GPUs : 545
30-03-2013 26.2
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 650 Ti Boost graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 635 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 625 graphics card .
Updated the Fab Process and Die Size specifications for all NVIDIA GF119 GPUs .
Total GPUs : 543
20-02-2013 26.1
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX TITAN graphics card .
Total GPUs : 540
31-01-2013 26.0
Added a new OpenCL Support specification for all NVIDIA graphics cards .
Total GPUs : 539
22-01-2013 25.9
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8970 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8950 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8850 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8760 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8740 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8670 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8570 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8470 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8450 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8370 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 8970 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 8950 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 8870 ( Future ) graphics card .
Total GPUs : 539
04-01-2013 25.8
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7950 Boost graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7870 LE graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon 9000 IGP .
Added the ATI Radeon 340 IGP .
Added the ATI Radeon 330 IGP .
Added the ATI Radeon 320 IGP .
Added the ATI AIW Radeon DDR SE / Radeon 7500 VIVO SE graphics card .
Updated the specifications for the AMD Radeon HD 8990 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications for the AMD Radeon HD 8970 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7970 GHz Edition graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7850 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7770 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7750 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon 9000 family of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon 8000 family of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon 7000 family of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Rage family of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI 3D Rage family of graphics cards .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 7990 ( Future ) graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon 9550 XT graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon 9500 " I " graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon 7200 graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon 7000 AGP graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon 7000 PCI graphics card .
Removed the ATI Rage 128 graphics card .
Total GPUs : 529
19-12-2012 25.7
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8930 ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8830 ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8770 ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8750 ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7540D IGP .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7480D IGP .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon 8990 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon 8970 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon 8950 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon 8870 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon 8850 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7660D IGP .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7560D IGP .
Total GPUs : 529
22-11-2012 25.6 Added the Intel HD Graphics ( Ivy Bridge ) - 6 EUs ( 1050 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Added 2 new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 1100 MHz ) .
Added 3 new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 1000 MHz ) .
Updated the OpenGL Support specification for the Intel HD Graphics 4000 series of integrated graphics .
Updated the OpenGL Support specification for the Intel HD Graphics 2500 series of integrated graphics .
Corrected the Pixel Fill Rate specification for the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 1000 MHz ) .
Removed the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 1050 MHz ) .
Removed the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 950 MHz ) .
Removed the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 800 MHz ) .
Total cards : 523
11-10-2012 25.5 Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 650 Ti graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 6150 integrated graphics .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 6150 LE integrated graphics .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 6150 SE integrated graphics .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 6100 integrated graphics .
Total cards : 525
20-09-2012 25.4
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 650 graphics card .
Corrected the OpenGL Support for all NVIDIA GeForce 600 series graphics cards .
Corrected numerous specifications for the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Corrected the Memory Speed and Memory Bandwidth specifications for the NVIDIA GeForce GT 640 ( OEM - GDDR5 ) graphics card .
Corrected the Max .
Board TDP specification of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 610 graphics card .
Total cards : 520
14-09-2012 25.3 Added the Intel HD Graphics 4000 ( 1050 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 2500 ( 1050 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Added 1 CPU model to the Intel HD Graphics 2000 ( 1100 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Total cards : 518
06-09-2012 25.2
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8990 ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8970 ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8950 ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8870 ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 8850 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7990 ( Future ) graphics card .
Total cards : 516
28-08-2012 25.1 Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660 Ti graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the Memory Speed and Memory Bandwidth specifications for the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 670 graphics card .
Total cards : 511
10-08-2012 25.0
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7970 GHz Edition graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7660D IGP .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7560D IGP .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7990 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the Max .
TDP specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7970 graphics card .
Updated the Max .
TDP specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7950 graphics card .
Updated the Transistor Count specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7770 graphics card .
Updated the Transistor Count specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7750 graphics card .
Total cards : 509
24-07-2012 24.9 Added 2 CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 1100 MHz ) integrated graphics specifications .
Added 1 CPU model and removed 5 CPU models from the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 1050 MHz ) integrated graphics specifications .
Added 5 CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 1000 MHz ) integrated graphics specifications .
Added the Transistor Count specification for the Intel " Sandy Bridge " - and " Ivy Bridge " - based integrated graphics .
Total cards : 506
22-06-2012 24.8
Added the Intel HD Graphics 4000 ( 1100 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 2500 ( 1100 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Added a new CPU model to the Intel HD Graphics 2500 ( 1150 MHz ) integrated graphics specifications .
Added 4 new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 1100 MHz ) integrated graphics specifications .
Added 7 new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 1000 MHz ) integrated graphics specifications .
Removed 4 CPU models from the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 1000 MHz ) integrated graphics specifications .
Total cards : 506
08-06-2012 24.7
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 640 ( Retail - DDR3 ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 630 ( Retail - GDDR5 ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 630 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 620 ( Retail ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 610 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 640 ( OEM - GDDR5 ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 640 ( OEM - DDR3 ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 640 ( OEM - 192 - bit DDR3 ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 630 ( Retail - DDR3 ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 620 ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 605 graphics card .
Total cards : 504
17-05-2012 24.6
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 690 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 670 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 645 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 640 ( GDDR5 ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 640 ( DDR3 ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 640 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 630 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 620 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 605 graphics card .
Total cards : 499
26-04-2012 24.5 Added the Intel HD Graphics 4000 ( 1150 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 2500 ( 1150 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 1050 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 1000 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 950 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics - 6 EUs ( 350 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Total cards : 490
12-04-2012 24.4
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7990 ( Future ) graphics card .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 7790 ( Future ) graphics card .
Converted the Texture Fill Rate of the AMD graphics cards from MT/s to GT/s .
Converted the Pixel Fill Rate of the AMD graphics cards from MP/s to GP/s .
Corrected the Max .
TDP specification of the AMD Radeon HD 7970 graphics card .
Corrected the Max .
TDP specification of the AMD Radeon HD 7950 graphics card .
Total cards : 484
24-03-2012 24.3
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 680 graphics card .
Converted the Texture Fill Rate of the NVIDIA graphics cards from MT/s to GT/s .
Converted the Pixel Fill Rate of the NVIDIA graphics cards from MP/s to GP/s .
Total cards : 484
09-03-2012 24.2
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7950 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7870 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7850 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7470 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7450 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7350 graphics card .
Added a new CPU model to the AMD Radeon HD 6410D IGP specifications .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 6310 IGP .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 6290 IGP .
Removed the AMD Radeon HD 6250 IGP .
Total cards : 483
17-02-2012 24.1
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7950 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7770 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7750 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7670 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7570 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7470 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7450 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7350 graphics card .
Total cards : 486
27-01-2012 24.0
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7970 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7950 ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7790 ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7670 ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7570 ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7470 ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7450 ( Future ) graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7350 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7870 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7850 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7770 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7750 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 6670 ( Future ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 6570 ( Future ) graphics card .
Total cards : 486
05-01-2012 23.9 Added the Intel HD Graphics P3000 ( 1350 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Added a new CPU model to the Intel HD Graphics 3000 ( 1350 MHz ) integrated graphics specifications .
Added a new CPU model to the Intel HD Graphics 3000 ( 1100 MHz ) integrated graphics specifications .
Added a new CPU model to the Intel HD Graphics 2000 ( 1100 MHz ) integrated graphics specifications .
Added a new CPU model to the Intel HD Graphics ( 6 EUs ) integrated graphics specifications .
Corrected the specifications of the Intel HD Graphics 2000 ( 1350 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Total cards : 478
15-12-2011 23.8
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 560 Ti ( 448 Cores ) Limited Edition graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 510 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9300 GS graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9300 GE graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 7650 GS graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 7500 LE graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 7300 SE graphics card .
Updated the Memory Size specification of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 560 Ti ( OEM ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9400 and GeForce 9300 mGPUs .
Updated the Release Date specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7 series of graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7300 GT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7200 GS graphics card .
Total cards : 477
23-11-2011 23.7
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6290 IGP .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7870 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7850 graphics card .
Renamed and updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7670 to the AMD Radeon HD 7770 .
Renamed and updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7570 to the AMD Radeon HD 7750 .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 5970 Eyefinity 6 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 5970 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 5870 Eyefinity 6 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 5870 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 5850 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 5830 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 6310 IGP .
Total cards : 470
08-11-2011 23.6
Added a new Die Size specification for the NVIDIA section .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 v2 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 ( 1 GB / 2 GB ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTS 450 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce G100 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GSO 512 MB graphics card .
Total cards : 469
17-10-2011 23.5
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7870 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7850 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7670 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 7650 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 6550D IGP .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 6530D IGP .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 6410D IGP .
Total cards : 468
04-10-2011 23.4
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7870 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7850 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7670 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 7570 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 6370D IGP .
Total cards : 468
21-09-2011 23.3 Renamed and updated the specifications of the Intel HD Graphics ( 6 EUs ) integrated graphics .
Updated the specifications of the Intel HD Graphics ( GMA HD ) integrated graphics .
Added 6 new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics ( 6 EUs ) specifications .
Total cards : 464
18-08-2011 23.2
Added the Intel HD Graphics ( Sandy Bridge ) - Future integrated graphics .
Added a new CPU model to the Intel HD Graphics 3000 ( 1100 MHz ) integrated graphics specifications .
Added 3 new CPU models to the Intel HD Graphics 2000 ( 1100 MHz ) integrated graphics specifications .
Total cards : 464
02-08-2011 23.1 Added the AMD Radeon HD 6370D IGP .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 6550D IGP .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 6530D IGP .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 6410D IGP .
Total cards : 463
27-06-2011 23.0 Added the AMD Radeon HD 6550D IGP .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6530D IGP .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6410D IGP .
Total cards : 462
14-06-2011 22.9
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 560 Ti OEM graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 570 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 205 graphics card .
Total cards : 459
01-06-2011 22.8
Added a new Memory Size specification for all Intel integrated graphics .
Updated the Intel HD Graphics 2000 ( 1100 MHz ) integrated graphics with new CPU models .
Total cards : 458
26-05-2011 22.7 Updated the Intel HD Graphics 3000 ( 1350 MHz ) integrated graphics with new CPU models .
Updated the Intel HD Graphics 2000 ( 1250 MHz ) integrated graphics with new CPU models .
Total cards : 458
18-05-2011 22.6
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 560 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 545 ( GDDR5 ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 545 ( DDR3 ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 530 graphics card .
Total cards : 458
29-04-2011 22.5 Split the Intel HD Graphics 3000 into two separate models , based on their maximum clock speeds .
Updated the specifications of the Intel HD Graphics 3000 ( 1100 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Total cards : 454
18-04-2011 22.4
Added a new OpenGL Support specification for all NVIDIA graphics cards .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 520 graphics card .
Expanded the Interface specifications for all NVIDIA graphics cards .
Moved DirectX Support to the GPU Features section for NVIDIA graphics cards .
Rearranged the GPU Features section for NVIDIA graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9500 GS graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 6800 Ultra graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 6800 GS graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 6800 graphics card .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce 6800 GE graphics card .
Total cards : 453
06-04-2011 22.3
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6790 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 3430 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 3000 series of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 2000 series of graphics cards .
Total cards : 453
26-03-2011 22.2
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 590 graphics card .
Total cards : 451
21-03-2011 22.1
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 590 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 550 Ti graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 440 OEM graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 OEM graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTS 450 OEM graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 440 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 430 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 420 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 330 Ver. 1 and GeForce GT 330 Ver. 2 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 310 graphics card .
Renamed the NVIDIA GeForce GT 450 as the NVIDIA GeForce GTS 450 OEM graphics card .
Total cards : 451
02-03-2011 22.0
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6690 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon X1900 GT Rev. 2 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon X1800 GTO Rev. 2 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon X1550 SE graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon 9650 ( Apple ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1950 XT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1550 graphics card .
Total cards : 448
16-02-2011 21.9
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6670 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6570 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6450 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 6770 and Radeon HD 6750 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI All - In - Wonder 2006 PCI Express graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon X1050 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon 9800 series of graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon 9100 Pro and Radeon 9100 IGPs .
Consolidated the AMD Radeon HD 4670 ( 1 GB ) and AMD Radeon HD 4670 ( 512 MB ) graphics cards .
Removed the ATI Radeon X800 XT PCIe graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon 9000 Pro IGP .
Total cards : 443
09-02-2011 21.8
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 560 Ti graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 6600 LE graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 6200 AGP graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 6200 LE graphics card .
Updated the Memory Size specifications for all NVIDIA graphics cards .
Updated the specifications for the NVIDIA GeForce 6600 DDR2 graphics card .
Updated the specifications for the NVIDIA GeForce 6600 graphics card .
Updated the specifications for the NVIDIA GeForce 6200 TurboCache graphics card .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 560 ( Future ) graphics card .
Total cards : 443
02-02-2011 21.7 Added new OpenGL Support specification for all AMD integrated graphics .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6770 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6750 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 6310 and Radeon HD 6250 IGPs .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 5570 and Radeon HD 5550 graphics cards .
Total cards : 440
17-01-2011 21.6 Added new OpenGL Support specification for all Intel integrated graphics .
Updated the Code Name specification for all Intel integrated graphics .
Split the Intel HD Graphics 2000 integrated graphics into 3 different models ( based on maximum clock speed ) .
Updated the specifications of the Intel HD Graphics 3000 integrated graphics .
Updated the specifications of the Intel HD Graphics 2000 ( 1350 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Updated the specifications of the Intel HD Graphics 2000 ( 1250 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Updated the specifications of the Intel HD Graphics 2000 ( 1100 MHz ) integrated graphics .
Updated the Memory Bandwidth specifications for all Intel integrated graphics .
Total cards : 438
12-01-2011 21.5 Added the Intel HD Graphics 3000 integrated graphics .
Added the Intel HD Graphics 2000 integrated graphics .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GT Green Edition graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the Intel HD Graphics ( GMA HD ) integrated graphics .
Updated the specifications of the Intel GMA 950 , 900 and 500 integrated graphics .
Total cards : 436
29-12-2010 21.4
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 560 ( Future ) graphics card .
Split the NVIDIA GeForce GT 330 into two versions .
Split the NVIDIA GeForce GT 230 into two versions .
Split the NVIDIA GeForce 8400 GS into two versions .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GT 430 and GeForce GT 420 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9400 and GeForce 9300 mGPUs .
Total cards : 434
23-12-2010 21.3
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6970 graphics card .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6950 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 6310 and Radeon HD 6250 IGPs .
Total cards : 430
08-12-2010 21.2
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 570 graphics card .
Cleaned up the Architecture specifications for the NVIDIA family of graphics cards .
Cleaned up the Memory Size specifications for the NVIDIA family of graphics cards .
Total cards : 428
27-11-2010 21.1
Added a new Memory Size specification for NVIDIA graphics cards .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GT Green Edition graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GT Green Edition graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 8300 GS graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GT .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GSO 512 MB and GeForce 9600 GSO graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GS graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 8400 GS graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7600 GT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 6200 TurboCache graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce PCX 5750 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce FX 5700 VE graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce PCX 4300 graphics card .
Consolidated the NVIDIA GeForce FX 5700 graphics cards .
Consolidated the NVIDIA GeForce FX 5600 Ultra graphics cards .
Consolidated the NVIDIA GeForce4
Ti 4200 graphics cards .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GT ( 59 W ) .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GSO ( 256 MB ) .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GS 384 MB .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce 6200 TurboCache 128 MB ( 16MB ) and GeForce 6200 TurboCache 128 MB ( 32MB ) .
Total cards : 427
17-11-2010 21.0 Added a new Memory Size specification for AMD / ATI graphics cards .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6310 IGP .
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6250 IGP .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 5970 Eyefinity 6 graphics card .
Corrected the Interface specifications for the AMD Radeon HD 5000 series of graphics cards .
Removed the ATI Raden HD 5890 graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon X800 STD graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon X300 SE HyperMemory 256 MB graphics card .
Total cards : 432
10-11-2010 20.9
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 580 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the Intel GMA X4500HD , GMA X4500 and GMA 4500 integrated graphics .
Updated the specifications of the Intel GMA 500 integrated graphics .
Total cards : 433
08-11-2010 20.8
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 580 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 SE graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 450 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 440 graphics card .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce GTS 440 graphics card .
Total cards : 433
31-10-2010 20.7
Added the AMD Radeon HD 6870 and Radeon HD 6850 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 5870 Eyefinity 6 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the AMD Radeon HD 5570 and Radeon HD 5550 graphics cards .
Total cards : 430
23-10-2010 20.6
Updated the specifications of the Intel GMA HD integrated graphics .
Updated the specifications of the Intel GMA X3500 and X3000 integrated graphics .
Updated the specifications of the Intel GMA 3100 integrated graphics .
Total cards : 428
06-10-2010 20.5
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 430 graphics card .
Total cards : 428
14-09-2010 20.4
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 OEM ( 1 GB ) graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 420 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTS 450 graphics card .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce GT 430 ( Future ) graphics card .
Total cards : 427
24-08-2010 20.3
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 ( 1 GB ) and GeForce GTX 460 ( 768 MB ) graphics cards .
Total cards : 426
02-08-2010 20.2
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4250 IGP .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 5970 Eyefinity 6 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 5670 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 5570 and 5550 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4290 and 4200 IGPs .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 3300 , 3200 , 3100 and 3000 IGPs .
Total cards : 426
16-07-2010 20.1
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 ( 1 GB ) and GeForce GTX 460 ( 768 MB ) graphics cards .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 140 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTS 240 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 230 graphics card .
Total cards : 425
28-06-2010 20.0
Added the ATI Radeon HD 5890 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 5970 Eyefinity 6 graphics card .
Total cards : 422
28-05-2010 19.9
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 465 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 450 , 440 and 430 ( Future ) graphics cards .
Total cards : 421
20-05-2010 19.8
Updated the specifications of many Intel GMA GPUs , thanks to input from DavidC1 .
Total cards : 420
03-05-2010 19.7
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4860 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4290 IGP .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4730 , 4670 , 4650 , 4550 and 4350 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4200 IGP .
Removed the ATI Radeon HD 4750 graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon HD 4470 and 4450 graphics cards .
Total cards : 420
19-04-2010 19.6
Added the ATI Radeon HD 5970 Eyefinity 12 and 5870 Eyefinity 6 graphics cards .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 5830 , 5570 and 5450 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 5770 , 5750 , 5670 and 5550 graphics cards .
Removed the ATI Radeon HD 5650 graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon HD 4790 graphics card .
Total cards : 421
27-03-2010 19.5
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 480 and 470 graphics cards .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTS 450 , 440 and 430 ( Future ) graphics cards .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 340 , 330 and 320 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 315 and 310 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7300 GT graphics card .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 395 , 380 and 360 ( Future ) graphics cards .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce GTS 350 and 340 ( Future ) graphics cards .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce GT 330 ( Future ) graphics card .
Total cards : 418
10-03-2010 19.4
Added the Intel GMA 4500 integrated GPU .
Added the Intel GMA 3150 integrated GPU for nettops .
Updated the specifications of the Intel GMA 3100 and 3000 integrated GPUs .
Updated the specifications of the Intel GMA 500 integrated GPU .
Total cards : 416
16-02-2010 19.3
Added the Intel GMA HD integrated GPU ( Core i5 / Core i3 / Pentium G9650 ) .
Updated the specifications of the Intel GMA line of integrated GPUs .
Total cards : 414
30-01-2010 19.2
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 205 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9400 and 9300 mGPUs .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 8300 , 8200 and 8100 mGPUs .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce 9300 GS and 9300 GE graphics cards .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce 8300 GT and 8300 GS graphics cards .
Total cards : 413
12-01-2010 19.1
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4200 IGP .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 3000 IGP .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 5670 , 5650 and 5550 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 3300 , 3200 and 3100 IGPs .
Changed Architecture to Code Name .
Total cards : 411
08-12-2009 19.0
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 315 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 230 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 310 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 240 and 220 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9300 GS and 9300 GE graphics cards .
Total cards : 409
05-12-2009 18.9 Renamed the Radeon HD 5870 X2 to the Radeon HD 5970 and updated its specifications .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 5870 and 5850 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 5770 and 5750 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4650 , 4550 , 4470 , 4450 and 4350 graphics cards .
Total cards : 407
26-11-2009 18.8
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 395 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 330 and 310 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTS 380 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 240 graphics card .
Total cards : 407
17-11-2009 18.7
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 240 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 220 and GeForce 210 graphics cards .
Total cards : 404
04-11-2009 18.6
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTS 240 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GT 220 and GeForce 210 graphics cards .
Renamed the NVIDIA GeForce G210 to the NVIDIA GeForce 210 .
Total cards : 403
07-10-2009 18.5
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 5870 and 5850 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 5770 and 5750 graphics cards .
Total cards : 402
29-09-2009 18.4
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 380 and 360 graphics cards .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTS 360 and 350 graphics cards .
Updated the DirectX Support specifications of the NVIDIA series of graphics cards .
Total cards : 402
22-09-2009 18.3
Added the ATI Radeon HD 5870 X2 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 5870 and 5850 graphics cards .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 5770 and 5750 graphics cards .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 5670 and 5650 graphics cards .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 5550 graphics card .
Updated the DirectX Support specifications of the ATI series of graphics cards .
Total cards : 398
13-09-2009 18.2
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4850 X2 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4750 graphics card .
Total cards : 390
03-09-2009 18.1
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce G2100 and GT 220 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce G100 and GT 120 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9500 GT , 9500 GS and 9400 GT graphics cards .
Total cards : 389
28-07-2009 18.0
Revamped the guide by splitting the ATI and NVIDIA split tables into separate pages to greatly reduce loading time and improve navigation .
Total cards : 389
17-07-2009 17.4
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GT 220 and G210 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 260 ( 216 SP ) graphics card .
Total cards : 389
06-07-2009 17.3
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4790 and 4730 graphics cards .
Total cards : 387
09-06-2009 17.2
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTS 150 , GT 130 , GT 120 and G100 graphics cards .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GT ( 59 W ) graphics card .
Corrected the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 295 graphics card .
Corrected the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GX2 graphics card .
Total cards : 385
03-06-2009 17.1
Added a new Max .
Board TDP specification for ATI graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 2600 XT graphics card .
Total cards : 380
23-05-2009 17.0 Added a new Max .
Board TDP specification for NVIDIA graphics cards .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 8600 GS graphics card .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GTS graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 260 ( 216 SP ) graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9500 GT and 9500 GS graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9400 GT graphics card .
Total cards : 380
09-05-2009 16.8
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4890 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4770 and 4750 graphics cards .
Total cards : 380
17-04-2009 16.7
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 275 graphics card .
Added the S3 Chrome 540 GTX graphics card .
Corrected the Architecture specification for the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 295 , 285 , GeForce GTS 250 and GeForce 9800 GTX + graphics cards .
Total cards : 380
03-04-2009 16.6
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4890 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon 4770 and 4750 graphics cards .
Corrected the ROPs & Pixel Fill Rate specifications for the ATI Radeon HD 4830 graphics card .
Total cards : 378
11-03-2009 16.5
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTS 250 graphics card .
Corrected specifications of the Intel GMA X3500 graphics card .
Total cards : 375
02-03-2009 16.4
Added the Pixel Fill Rate specification for Trident and Intel graphics cards in the guide .
Total cards : 374
17-02-2009 16.3 Added the Pixel Fill Rate specification for PowerVR and 3dfx graphics cards in the guide .
Total cards : 374
09-02-2009 16.2
Added the Pixel Fill Rate specification for SiS and Matrox graphics cards in the guide .
Renamed the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 260 Ultra as the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 260 ( 216 SP ) .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 260 ( 216 SP ) graphics card .
Total cards : 374
26-01-2009 16.1
Added the Pixel Fill Rate specification for XGI and S3 graphics cards in the guide .
Corrected the specifications of the XGI Volari Duo V8 Ultra graphics card .
Total cards : 374
17-01-2009 16.0 Added the Pixel Fill Rate specification for ATI and NVIDIA graphics cards in the guide .
Renamed the Fill Rate specification to Texture Fill Rate .
Added the ATI Radeon X1050 graphics card .
Total cards : 374
07-01-2009 15.8
Added the SiS Xabre II - LE graphics card .
Added the Matrox Millennium Parhelia graphics card .
Added the Matrox Millennium P750 and P650 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the SiS Xabre II - HE graphics card .
Total cards : 373
03-01-2009 15.7
Added the S3 Chrome 530 GT graphics card .
Added the S3 Chrome 440 GTX graphics card .
Renamed the S3 Chrome 400 as the S3 Chrome 430 GT and updated its specifications .
Corrected the specifications of the XGI Volari Duo V8 Ultra graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the S3 Chrome S27 and S25 graphics cards .
Total cards : 369
30-12-2008 15.6
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 285 graphics card .
Total cards : 367
19-12-2008 15.5
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 295 graphics card .
Total cards : 366
13-12-2008 15.4
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GSO 256MB graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GSO 512MB graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 7300 GT graphics card .
Renamed the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GSO as the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GSO 384MB/192MB .
Total cards : 365
06-12-2008 15.3
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GSO 512MB graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GS graphics card .
Total cards : 364
25-10-2008 15.2
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4830 graphics card .
Updated the ROPS specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4670 ( 1 GB ) , 4670 ( 512 MB ) and 4650 graphics cards .
Updated the ROPS specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4550 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 3300 and 3100 IGPs ..
Total cards : 363
09-10-2008 15.1
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4350 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4550 graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4470 and 4450 graphics cards .
Updated the specifications of the Intel GMA 500 integrated graphics chip .
Total cards : 362
05-10-2008 15.0 Added the Intel GMA X4500HD and GMA 500 integrated graphics chips .
Updated the specifications of the Intel family of GMA and Extreme Graphics chips .
Total cards : 361
01-10-2008 14.9
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4550 graphics card .
Updated the performance specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4800 , 4600 and 4400 series of graphics cards .
Total cards : 359
26-09-2008 14.8
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4670 ( 1 GB ) graphics card .
Updated all the specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 4670 ( 512 MB ) and 4650 graphics cards .
Total cards : 358
28-08-2008 14.7
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9400 GT graphics card .
Updated the Stream Processor specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GTS graphics card .
Adjusted the arrangement and formatting of the NVIDIA tables .
Total cards : 357
25-08-2008 14.6
Added the NVIDIA GTX 260 Ultra graphics card .
Added the full specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GT graphics card .
Corrected the Transistor Count of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 280 and 260 graphics cards .
Total cards : 356
20-08-2008 14.5 Corrected the Transistor Count specification for the ATI Radeon HD 4870 X2 , 4870 and 4850 graphics cards .
Corrected the Release Date of the ATI Radeon HD 4870 X2 graphics card .
Corrected the Vertex Shaders , ROPs and Textures / Clock specifications for the ATI Radeon HD 4870 X2 graphics card .
Total cards : 355
07-08-2008 14.4 Corrected Memory Speed & Memory Bandwidth specifications for ATI Radeon HD 4870 graphics card .
Added Core Speed , Fill Rate , Memory Speed & Memory Bandwidth specifications for ATI Radeon HD 4870 X2 graphics card .
Total cards : 355
11-07-2008 14.3
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GTX + graphics card .
Corrected the performance specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GSO graphics card .
Total cards : 355
15-06-2008 14.2
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4870 X2 , 4870 & 4850 graphics cards .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4670 & 4650 graphics cards .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 4470 & 4450 graphics cards .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 280 & 260 graphics cards .
Total cards : 354
01-05-2008 14.1
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GT & 9500 GS graphics cards .
Corrected the Memory Bandwidth specifications for NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GX2 graphics card .
Total cards : 345
23-04-2008 14.0
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GTS graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GSO graphics card .
Corrected the Transistor Count specifications for NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GT card .
Total cards : 343
30-03-2008 13.9
Added the ATI Radeon HD 3850 X2 & Radeon HD 3830 graphics cards .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9300 GE & GeForce 9300 GS graphics cards .
Updated specifications for the NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GTX card .
Total cards : 341
24-02-2008 13.8
Added the S3 Chrome 400 graphics card .
Updated the Interface specification for the ATI Radeon HD 3850 card .
Updated the Core Speed , Fill Rate , Memory Speed & Memory Bandwidth specifications for the NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GX2 card .
Corrected the Memory Type specifications for ATI Radeon HD 3870 X2 card .
Total cards : 337
13-02-2008 13.7
Added the Intel GMA X4500 integrated graphics processor .
Added the Intel GMA X3500 integrated graphics processor .
Added the Intel GMA 3000 and 3100 integrated graphics processors .
Updated and corrected many mistakes in the specifications of the other Intel integrated graphics processors .
Total cards : 336
10-02-2008 13.6
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GTX graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9500 GT graphics card .
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GX2 graphics card .
Total cards : 332
04-02-2008 13.5
Added the ATI Radeon HD 3300 , 3200 and 3100 IGPs .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 2350 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon X1950 XT graphics card .
Updated the GDDR4 specifications for the ATI Radeon HD 2900 XT graphics card .
Updated the Memory specifications for the ATI Radeon HD 2600 XT graphics card .
Total cards : 330
29-01-2008 13.4
Added the ATI Radeon HD 3870 X2 graphics card .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 3690 and 3650 graphics cards .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 3470 and 3450 graphics cards .
Corrected the ROPs , Textures / Clock and Fill Rate specifications of the ATI Radeon 2000 and 3000 series of graphics cards .
Corrected the Fill Rate of the NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GTS 512MB graphics card .
Updated the architecture of the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GT and GeForce 8800 GS 384MB graphics cards .
Total cards : 325
24-01-2008 13.3
Updated the specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GT and GeForce 8800 GS 384MB graphics cards .
Total cards : 320
18-01-2008 13.2
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GT graphics card .
Updated some specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GX2 graphics card .
Total cards : 320
07-01-2008 13.1
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GX2 graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GS 768MB and GeForce 8800 GS 384MB graphics cards .
Total cards : 319
14-12-2007 13.0
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GTS 512MB ( G92 ) graphics card .
Total cards : 316
30-11-2007 12.9
Added the ATI Radeon HD 2900 Pro and 2900 GT graphics cards .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 2600 XT 2 and 2600 Pro graphics cards .
Added the ATI Radeon HD 2400 Pro graphics card .
Added new specifications for the ATI Radeon HD 3870 and 3850 graphics cards .
Added the Architecture specification of the NVIDIA GeForce 8300 GT and 8300 GS graphics cards .
Corrected the ROPs and Texture / Clock specifications of the ATI Radeon HD 2900 XT , 2600 XT and 2400 XT graphics cards .
Corrected all specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 8400 GS graphics card .
Updated the Architecture specification of the NVIDIA GeForce 8800 Ultra graphics card .
Corrected the Core Speed specification of the NVIDIA GeForce 8600 GT graphics card .
Removed the ATI Radeon HD 2950 GT graphics card .
Removed the NVIDIA GeForce 8600 Ultra graphics card .
Total cards : 315
05-11-2007 12.82
Added the Transistor Count , Release Date & ROP specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GT graphics card .
Updated the Architecture and Interface specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GT graphics card .
Corrected the Texture / Clock & Fill Rate specifications for all NVIDIA GeForce 8 series graphics cards .
Total cards : 312
27-10-2007 12.81 Corrected the names of ATI Radeon HD 2950 XT and HD 2950 Pro to the ATI Radeon HD 3850 and HD 3870 .
Corrected the Core Speed & Fill Rate specifications for ATI Radeon HD 3850 graphics card .
Total cards : 312
19-10-2007 12.8
Added the ATI Radeon HD 2950 XT , HD 2950 Pro & HD 2950 GT graphics cards .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GT card .
Total cards : 312
27-05-2007 12.72 Corrected the Textures / Clock specification for the ATI Radeon HD 2900 XT graphics card .
Corrected the names of ATI Radeon 9800 SE and 9800 Pro graphics cards .
Total cards : 308
25-05-2007 12.71 Corrected the Fill Rate specifications for the NVIDIA GeForce 6800 GT and 6800 GTO graphics cards .
Total cards : 308
19-05-2007 12.7
Added the ATI Radeon HD 2600 XT and HD 2400 XT graphics card .
Added the Textures / Clock and Fill Rate specifications of the GeForce 8300 GS , 8300 GT and 8400 GS graphics cards .
Corrected the Core Speed , Fill Rate , Memory Speed & Memory Bandwidth specifications for ATI Radeon HD 2900 XT graphics card .
Corrected the Textures / Clock and Fill Rate specifications of GeForce 8 - series graphics cards .
Total cards : 308
11-05-2007 12.6
Added the ATI Radeon HD 2900 XT graphics card .
Added the NVIDIA GeForce 7200 GS graphics card .
Total cards : 306
04-05-2007 12.5 Added Core Speed , Fill Rate , Memory Speed and Memory Bandwidth specifications for the NVIDIA GeForce 8800 Ultra graphics card .
Corrected the Release Date for the NVIDIA GeForce 8800 Ultra graphics card .
Total cards : 304
19-04-2007 12.4 Corrected the Stream Processors , Textures / Clock and Fill Rate specifications of the NVIDIA GeForce 8500 GT graphics card .
Corrected the shader clock speed specification for the NVIDIA GeForce 8600 GT graphics card .
Added the ROPs specification for the NVIDIA GeForce 8600 GTS , 8600 GT and 8500 GT graphics cards .
Total c
