Personally , I think the sex life of anyone — including elected officials — is their own damn business , but you ca n’t help but shake your head at the behavior of people like Governor Mark Sanford and you may even enjoy watching him squirm .
After all , he preached morality to others while sinning himself .
He publicly called for President Clinton to resign for his sexual indiscretions .
He tried to force Larry Craig to resign after his public bathroom caper and arrest .
He opposes gay marriage ( even civil unions ) based on the “ sanctity of marriage ” , and talks about “ family values ” while spending father ’s day with his lover , away from his children .
What is worse , the only reason Sanford admitted to his infidelity was because it was discovered .
So when he says he ’s sorry , it seems like he is only sorry because he got caught .
Plus there is the issue that as a governor , he should n’t just vanish without telling anyone where he is .
On top of all that , he used public money for at least one of his visits to his girlfriend .
It does n’t make it any better that he is paying that money back — now that he got caught .
Even so , reading the emails between Sanford and his love , I do feel sorry for him .
Love is a powerful thing that makes us stupid .
Nobody is immune to it .
I refuse to judge him , even though he judged others .
Let he who is without sin , cast the first stone .
But I do find it especially annoying that some conservatives are claiming that Republicans are judged more harshly , and are forced “ into resignation or disgrace more easily than their equally adulterous Democratic counterparts . ”
As if they did n’t deserve harsher judgement for their “ family values ” rhetoric and hypocritical condemnation of others .
But George Stephanopoloulos points out that while Republicans Sanford , John Ensign , David Vitter , and Larry Craig stayed in office after sex scandals , Democrats Eliot Spitzer , Jim McCreevey , and Kwame Kilpatrick all resigned ( not to mention that Clinton was impeached ) .
How hypocritical is it to be hypocritical about your own hypocrisy ?
UPDATE : Just when I thought this could n’t get any more hypocritical — Rush Limbaugh blames Sanford ’s affair on Obama and the Federal government .
UPDATE 2 : A journalist argues convincingly that some politicians invite judgement on themselves in an article entitled “ Attention , Narcissist Horndogs ” .
If Jenny Sanford had been a more traditionally subservient " barefoot and obedient " Christian wife , might her scumbag husband have gotten away with his " Argentine adventure " ?
True , he was getting idiotically indiscreet , and now he seems to have turned into a babbling buffoon , but maybe that 's ' cause he got caught ?
his previously unknown connection with the Family ,
which he stressed ended two years ago
-- Kansas Rep. Todd Tiahrt , in a statement issued to KWCH Wichita , whose reporter Kim Wilhelm did a report on the Family Sunday
-- Jeff Sharlet , in KWCH Wichita 's report on the Family
are
SHH !
DON'T MENTION THIS TO THE IRS !
To its best knowledge , the building is in fact a church .
Expansive as the IRS traditionally is in interpreting what constitutes a church , given our country 's traditional -- not to mention constitutional -- commitment to separation of church and state , in the face of all that we 've learned about the Family and the C Street clubhouse , somebody at the IRS could think that at least a few questions might be in order .
Ironically , the type of pol drawn to the Family tends to be publicly , dare I say righteously , scornful of the whole concept of separation of church and state .
The Family itself does n't even pay lip service to the idea .
OOH , A SEX DIARY ?
AW - RIGHT !
WHERE
IS IT ?
WE WANNA SEE THE SEX DIARY !
According to Max Blumenthal : " Thanks to heavily politicized local courts and an aggressive damage - control campaign waged by Pickering and his powerful Republican allies , the diary , which is said to contain the answers to these questions , is locked away in a courtroom in Mississippi .
And if Pickering has his way , it will stay there indefinitely . "
Sorry !
video
The group rents out rooms to members of Congress .
Kansas Congressman Jerry Moran 's staff confirms he stays at C Street .
His office refused to answer questions or comment further .
Sharlet 's book has no mention of Moran , but it does list Senator Sam Brownback and Congressman Todd Tiahrt as members .
If you think of it in human terms , there is a financial incentive that will be put in place , paid for by tax dollars , that will encourage women who are -- single parents , living below the poverty level , to have the opportunity for a free abortion .
If you take that scenario and apply it to many of the great minds we have today , who would we have been deprived of ?
Our president grew up in a similar circumstance .
If that financial incentive was in place , is it possible that his mother may have taken advantage of it ?
Clarence Thomas , Supreme Court Justice , if those circumstances were in place , is it possible that we would be denied his great mind ?
Let me just say here that this speech seems to me all - but - irrefutable proof of the non-existence of a god , or at least one with any self - respect , who could hardly fail to respond with a prompt smiting .
Working in mysterious ways is all well and good , but surely there are limits .
Now as to the Michigan connection , what most struck possibly affectionately , " Crazy Pete " Hoekstra ( only she does n't use quotation marks ) , was the mere fact that he " preemptively " announced his connection to the Family : " Frankly , I had n't even realized Crazy Pete was a member of this group , and I could swear I 've checked once ( he is definitely their ' type . '
So it surprises me a bit to see Crazy Pete offering up his ties to the group . "
" Crazy Pete , " by the way , is probably best remembered for his shockingly inept , dishonest , Bush - abetting performance as a member and then chairman of the House Intelligence Committee .
Actually ,
" Crazy Pete , " as you may have heard , is looking seriously at a race for governor of Michigan .
Marcy , while acknowledging that it 's pure speculation on her part , speculated in that Sunday post about a possible link between his separation from the Family and the famous Chip Pickering sex diary :
Pickering resigned in August 2007 , just under two years ago .
If the diary precipitated the divorce , then it may end about two years ago .
So if someone like Crazy Pete knew that his involvement in yet another hypocritical affair might become public , he might be able to say that he ended his relationship with the group two years ago , setting up a very convenient story just in case anything became public between now and when he tried to run for Governor .
I have no idea whether Pickering 's diary time bomb is the reason for Crazy Pete 's pre-emptive admission of ties with C Street .
But the timing does make me want to see Pickering 's diary all the more .
Before we leave " Crazy Pete , " I think we need to pay some sort of tribute to a man who : ( a ) has shown us , by using it in a sentence , how to use " fellowship " as a verb , and ( b ) has so tidily summed up the Family agenda as a bunch of good Christian men getting together to keep their heads screwed on straight by means of the Big Four : fellowshiping , praying , talking about Jesus , and eating .
Strangely , there is no mention of having affairs and counseling one another on said affairs while keeping them totally secret from everyone else , including spouses .
Our Todd , by the way , is probably most famous for his recent contribution to the House health care debate , shown in the KWCH report , where he made the case against allowing government funding of abortions , which of course his deep religious convictions lead him to oppose , thusly :
Let me just say here that this speech seems to me all - but - irrefutable proof of the non-existence of a god , or at least one with any self - respect , who could hardly fail to respond with a prompt smiting .
Working in mysterious ways is all well and good , but surely there are limits .
Now as to the Michigan connection , what most struck Emptywheel 's Marcy Wheeler , a veteran watcher of the congressman whom she calls , affectionately , " Crazy Pete " Hoekstra ( only she does n't use quotation marks ) , was the mere fact that he " preemptively " announced his connection to the Family : " Frankly , I had n't even realized Crazy Pete was a member of this group , and I could swear I 've checked once ( he is definitely their ' type . '
So it surprises me a bit to see Crazy Pete offering up his ties to the group . " " Crazy Pete , " by the way , is probably best remembered for his shockingly inept , dishonest , Bush - abetting performance as a member and then chairman of the House Intelligence Committee .
Actually , Wikipedia reminds us of what 's probably the next - most - distinctive aspect of his nine - terms - and - counting career : that it was made possible in good part by beating up on 13 - term GOP powerhouse Guy Vander Jagt for having been in Congress so long .
That 's why primary insurgent Hoekstra pledged to serve no more than six terms , and already - expansive concept of term limits which Congressman Hoekstra seems to have found intolerably restrictive when it came time to run for term number seven .
" Crazy Pete , " as you may have heard , is looking seriously at a race for governor of Michigan .
Marcy , while acknowledging that it 's pure speculation on her part , speculated in that Sunday post about a possible link between his separation from the Family and the famous Chip Pickering sex diary :
Before we leave " Crazy Pete , " I think we need to pay some sort of tribute to a man who : ( a ) has shown us , by using it in a sentence , how to use " fellowship " as a verb , and ( b ) has so tidily summed up the Family agenda as a bunch of good Christian men getting together to keep their heads screwed on straight by means of the Big Four : fellowshiping , praying , talking about Jesus , and eating .
Strangely , there is no mention of having affairs and counseling one another on said affairs while keeping them totally secret from everyone else , including spouses .
MORE IMPORTANT THAN SEX ???
The Rachel Maddow Show , featuring Jeff Sharlet on the Family ) , thought and thinks there 's something more important than sex scandal to the story .
While I would n't presume to speak for Jeff , I think what he 's trying to call attention to is neatly summed up in the quote he gave KWCH , up top .
I think it 's worth a replay :
Their idea is to identify politicians who are in positions of power , placed there not so much by voters but by God .
The Family helps polish them up -- become more sophisticated leaders so they can better serve this ‘ vision of the kingdom ' as they put it .
So they can do good things , they can do bad things , it does n't matter .
They 're chosen for power .
And the Family believes it 's their job to help them stay in power .
I realize it will be a serious comedown for tabloid - trained news consumers if it turns out that the really important story about the family is nothing sexier than a cult master 's clever fusion of religion with power , all built on a bedrock of Christian hypocrisy .
That 's not all that sexy , is it ?
Well , there are those who might disagree , like for example Leisha Pickering and Jenny Sanford .
I'm a bit surprised myself tp find that in the end this is where my thoughts are gravitating .
Because neither Chip Pickering nor Mark Sanford seems to have chosen the traditionally subservient barefoot - and - obedient Christian wife who exists for no purpose greater than to serve her master .
Both Leisha and Jenny appear to be seriously bright women who were at least as responsible for their husbands ' career successes as the possibly less - bright men .
Here are those old sweethearts Chip and Leisha Pickering .
What a handsome couple , no ?
It 's not hard to understand that Chip would have given up his seat in Congress to spend more time with Leisha and their five boys .
Of course we do n't know what went on behind the scenes with the Pickerings all those years .
Leisha does n't seem to have had any insupportable problem with Chip 's ambitions when he was a rising star in God 's Own Party .
At some point , though , she seems to have become noticeably less enthusiastic about Doug Coe 's " you can have it all , hornyboy " Family program .
The apparently not - very - discreet affair seems to have exhausted such tolerance as she may once have had .
There are marriages that can handle that , and there are marriages that can't .
Mrs. Pickering , however , made the unusual choice , for a good Republican wife , of not going quietly .
Poor Mark Sanford seems to have run into a similar sort of wifely uppitiness .
A man of his , er , appetites should probably have had a proper wife of the barefoot - obedient sort , the sort who would know her place .
( What was it
To his credit , our Mark does n't seem ever to have been looking for that sort of mate .
Oh , Jenny comes from serious money , which would certainly have helped qualify her as a suitable Christian wife for a good Christian pol under the old standards .
But she sure seems like someone who knows how to take care of herself -- and , when it came to it , her children .
But
Even after the doody hit the fan , Mark , when asked how he was handling his wife 's discovery of his affair , ,
As a matter of fact , Jenny seems to have been prepared to do whatever it took to save the marriage , if only for the sake of the kids .
She " knew " for a long time without revealing anything publicly .
She had stumbled across a love letter in Mark 's files .
It was , we 're told , quite a shock .
( " I did n't think he had it in him . " )
If Mark had had the good Christian sense to marry the kind of woman toads of his sort traditionally did , or turned their wimminfolk into , then when it came to crunch time -- you know , when he " went hiking the Appalachian Trail " -- she might have covered for him .
Not Jenny , though , who you 'll recall helped fan the flames of intrigue by making it absolutely clear that she had no idea where her the father of their four sons was on Fathers ' Day .
She had her reasons .
It turns out that lovelorn Mark had actually begged her for permission to , um , pop down to Argentina to , er , visit the sights !
Astoundingly , unlike that good Christian wife he should have had , Jenny said no !
Or as she tells it , " I said absolutely not .
It 's one thing to forgive adultery .
It 's another thing to condone it . "
We can guess that as the drama unfolded , Jenny , being as far as she is from the model of the barefoot - and - obedient wife , did n't respond at all well to the growing inklings that the Atlanta airport , not the Appalachian Trail , was where Mark had headed .
The portrait of Mark that emerges -- and of Chip too , for that matter -- is of a greedy , self - absorbed young pol who knows how to think big , a horny toad on the make in every sense .
For the Family , it would appear , Bible - thumping is optional at the outset .
If you 've got a horny enough young toad who can sling a little " family values " lingo , we can teach him enough Jesus to hornswoggle all those needy folks out there who crave a proper Christian tongue - lashing .
If it 's any consolation to Leisha and Jenny , the guys were bums .
I feel bad for them , and for their combined nine boys , who you have to hope do n't grow up to be bums like their dads .
" Family values " indeed .
#
Notice how we keep coming back to the sex scandals , which always make for the juiciest , not to mention attention - gettingest , copy .
It 's been clear ever since the Family got dragged into the spotlight in connection with the Ensign and Sanford high jinks , that Jeff Sharlet , in his capacity as reigning outside expert on the Family ( at this point he 's become Rachel Maddow 's virtual cohost , on a broadcast that might be renamed ) , thought and thinks there 's something more important than sex scandal to the story .
While I would n't presume to speak for Jeff , I think what he 's trying to call attention to is neatly summed up in the quote he gave KWCH , up top .
I think it 's worth a replay : I realize it will be a serious comedown for tabloid - trained news consumers if it turns out that the really important story about the family is nothing sexier than a cult master 's clever fusion of religion with power , all built on a bedrock of Christian hypocrisy .
That 's not all that sexy , is it ?
Well , there are those who might disagree , like for example Leisha Pickering and Jenny Sanford .
I'm a bit surprised myself tp find that in the end this is where my thoughts are gravitating .
Because neither Chip Pickering nor Mark Sanford seems to have chosen the traditionally subservient barefoot - and - obedient Christian wife who exists for no purpose greater than to serve her master .
Both Leisha and Jenny appear to be seriously bright women who were at least as responsible for their husbands ' career successes as the possibly less - bright men .
Here are those old sweethearts .
What a handsome couple , no ?
It 's not hard to understand that Chip would have given up his seat in Congress to spend more time with Leisha and their five boys .
Of course we do n't know what went on behind the scenes with the Pickerings all those years .
Leisha does n't seem to have had any insupportable problem with Chip 's ambitions when he was a rising star in God 's Own Party .
At some point , though , she seems to have become noticeably less enthusiastic about Doug Coe 's " you can have it all , hornyboy " Family program .
The apparently not - very - discreet affair seems to have exhausted such tolerance as she may once have had .
There are marriages that can handle that , and there are marriages that can't .
Mrs. Pickering , however , made the unusual choice , for a good Republican wife , of not going quietly .
Poor Mark Sanford seems to have run into a similar sort of wifely uppitiness .
A man of his , er , appetites should probably have had a proper wife of the barefoot - obedient sort , the sort who would know her place .
( What was it Jimmy Carter was just saying about male religious leaders who have " overwhelmingly chosen " to " subjugate " rather than " exalt " women ? )
To his credit , our Mark does n't seem ever to have been looking for that sort of mate .
Oh , Jenny comes from serious money , which would certainly have helped qualify her as a suitable Christian wife for a good Christian pol under the old standards .
But she sure seems like someone who knows how to take care of herself -- and , when it came to it , her children .
But when she met Mark , she was a player on Wall Street .
They met in the Hamptons , you 'll recall , not at a church social .
She spent six years as a vice president ( mergers and acquisitions ) at the investment bank Lazard Freres .
When the Sanfords moved south and Mark launched his political career , she seems to have worked at it if anything harder than he did .
Until recently she was usually described as his top adviser .
Even after the doody hit the fan , Mark , when asked how he was handling his wife 's discovery of his affair , , was still burbling stuff like , " This goes into the personal zone .
I 'd simply say that Jenny has been absolutely magnanimous and gracious as a wonderful Christian woman in this process .
" As a matter of fact , Jenny seems to have been prepared to do whatever it took to save the marriage , if only for the sake of the kids .
She " knew " for a long time without revealing anything publicly .
She had stumbled across a love letter in Mark 's files .
It was , we 're told , quite a shock .
( " I did n't think he had it in him . " )
If Mark had had the good Christian sense to marry the kind of woman toads of his sort traditionally did , or turned their wimminfolk into , then when it came to crunch time -- you know , when he " went hiking the Appalachian Trail " -- she might have covered for him .
Not Jenny , though , who you 'll recall helped fan the flames of intrigue by making it absolutely clear that she had no idea where her the father of their four sons was on Fathers ' Day .
She had her reasons .
It turns out that lovelorn Mark had actually begged her for permission to , um , pop down to Argentina to , er , visit the sights !
Astoundingly , unlike that good Christian wife he should have had , Or as she tells it , " I said absolutely not .
It 's one thing to forgive adultery .
It 's another thing to condone it . "
We can guess that as the drama unfolded , Jenny , being as far as she is from the model of the barefoot - and - obedient wife , did n't respond at all well to the growing inklings that the Atlanta airport , not the Appalachian Trail , was where Mark had headed .
The portrait of Mark that emerges -- and of Chip too , for that matter -- is of a greedy , self - absorbed young pol who knows how to think big , a horny toad on the make in every sense .
For the Family , it would appear , Bible - thumping is optional at the outset .
If you 've got a horny enough young toad who can sling a little " family values " lingo , we can teach him enough Jesus to hornswoggle all those needy folks out there who crave a proper Christian tongue - lashing .
If it 's any consolation to Leisha and Jenny , the guys were bums .
I feel bad for them , and for their combined nine boys , who you have to hope do n't grow up to be bums like their dads .
" Family values " indeed .
All of that , . . . it 'sWhen last we visited the now - famous house on C Street that houses the kook Christian power cult called the Family , I believe it was former Mississippi Rep. Chip Pickering 's turn at the GOP Adultery Flogging Post .
( These days you really have to book ahead . )
Our Chip , you 'll recall , who left Congress in 2007 , ostensibly to spend more time with his actual family , meaning wife Leisha and their five sons , turns out to have been having yet another of these tediously humiliating affairs , this one apparently conducted at least in part within the sacred walls of the Family 's C Street clubhouse .
And theysacred , because -- An interesting wrinkle in the case of Chip Pickering , you 'll recall , is that , as Max Blumenthal reported for The Daily Beast , Leisha Pickering 's divorce filing revealed that her guy " recorded details of his exploits in a secret diary , including the dates and locations of his adulterous encounters . "
What 's more , Chip 's sex diary " reveals the identities of several men who enabled his adulterous trysts and helped him cover his tracks .
" Now do n't forget about that diary .
( Like as if you 're thinking about anything else !
Except maybe wondering if there 's also . )
We 're going to come back to it .
And while you 're remembering , note -- in the " Crazy Pete " Hoekstra quote at the top of this post -- the Crazyman 's emphasis on the fact that his association with the Family ended two years ago .
It 's just possible that these two details could be connected !
Anyway , since our last visit , so much has happened on the C Street front that it 's hard to take it all in .
To be honest , I 've kind of tuned out .
We 've already learned plenty about the heady mixture of Bible - thumping and power - mongering concocted by Family patriarch Doug Coe and his chip - off - the - old - block son David .
In the time since our giddy discovery of the embarrassing and rather alarming links between the Family and the marital follies of putative presidential pretenders Nevada Sen .
John Ensign and South Carolina Gov. ( and , importantly , former U.S. Rep. )
Mark Sanford , it 's all had kind of a same - old , same - old ring .
Perhaps the most interesting development has been what we might call " The Flight from the Family , " which is to say the growing number of Family - style pols who have suddenly become shy about celebrating their Christianity , something they were once prepared to do anytime they found themselves within range of a camera .
Now they either refuse to comment on reputed ties to the Family or deny them outright , sort of .
" Outright " denial seems a bit of a reach for them , and so we 're getting a fascinating assortment of indignant denials of involvement beyond certain carefully delimited points .
Which brings us to the Kansas and Michigan connections .
Sunday night KWCH - TV Wichita 's Kim Wilhelm did a nearly four - minute report on the Family , drawing on Jeff Sharlet 's book The Family : The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power , including excerpts from Jeff 's appearances with Rachel Maddow and a phone interview of her own .
You have to give both the reporter the station credit .
It does n't seem likely that Wichita folk had heard much about the subject .
And as the piece makes clear , there are Kansas connections to the Family .
The written version of the report ( which is similar to but not a trasncript of the TV version ) notes : Congressman Tiahrt ( that 's pronounced " Tea - heart , " as in " teabag " ) , as we 've already noted up top , could hardly be more vehement in his denial of " membership " or much of any real association with the Family .
At the same time , if you were to parse his statement closely , you could find any number of ways in which it could represent careful weaseling , and in the event that documentary evidence should begin turning up , one wonders whether those " few visits " might not grow the way , say , Jack Abramoff 's few visits to the White House eventually did .
Labels : C Street , Chip Pickering , Family ( The ) , Jeff Sharlet , Jenny Sanford , Leisha Pickering , Mark Sanford , Pete Hoekstra , Todd Tiahrt
I ENDED THE PREVIOUS POST by claiming that Jesus held a belief which was so obvious , but also so contrary to traditional theology , that it was often overlooked , and by claiming that belief had something in common with atheism .
There is n't a whole lot of difference , in practice , between saying , " there is no God , " and saying , " everyone is God . "
Consider the following .
Item : Jesus called himself " the son of man " .
This fit quite nicely with the belief , rooted deeply in the ancient Hebrew scriptures , that all species reproduced " after their kind " , that the children of a man were " made in his image and likeness " .
Item : Jesus repeatedly used this theme in various ways .
One famous case was the " give unto Caesar that which is Caesar 's " line , when he reminded the Pharisees that they were made in the image of God .
( Interesting , both because they were not his favorite people , and because he was n't talking about himself . )
Item : When Jesus was accused of making himself equal to God , because he called God " Father " , he did not deny the charge , but rather pointed out that the Hebrew scriptures contained other examples of humans being called the sons of God .
Item :
One of the gospels actually establishes Jesus ' divinity by tracing his genealogy back through the human race to " the son of Adam , who was the son of God " .
What single fact do all these items point to ?
It is quite clear , to anyone who has not had their mind constrained by orthodoxy , that Jesus did think he was divine , but that he thought this because he thought that all humans were divine — all children of Adam the son of God , all made in God 's likeness , all filled with God 's spirit and breath .
That is why he taught his disciples to call God " Father " .
It 's why ( as the Gospels tell the story ) he expected them to be able to perform the same miracles he performed .
And it's why his earliest followers called him " the path " or " the way " which they fully expected to be able to walk themselves .
How does this relate to atheism ?
What I want to suggest is that , at root , this basic teaching of Jesus had , for his time and culture , the very same motivation as the modern stance of an atheist .
There is n't a whole lot of difference , in practice , between saying , " there is no God , " and saying , " everyone is God . "
In the end , both have the pragmatic effect of killing the authoritarian version of God .
If everyone is God , then all authority is vested in everyone equally , and the group can only have whatever authority the individuals give it .
Just as it is if there is no God .
If everyone is God , then meaning gets defined by the individual , rather than the authorities .
Just as if there were no God .
If everyone is God , then as time went on people would have to modify their world - view to eliminate the supernatural — it being obvious that that which God can't perceive must not exist .
Just as if they were atheists .
So it works out that Jesus ' worldview was the functional equivalent of atheism .
The form of his belief was different , but the purpose it served was the same .
Both Jesus and the modern atheists are motivated by the dangers of authoritarianism , and the value of the individual .
Both see a retreat to legalism , authority , the conservative traditions of their time , and the religion handed down to them as dangerous and filled with hypocrisy .
Both tend to see the need for fresh and open thought , for valuing community and individualism , for basing behavior on personal power , love , and mutual caring .
They just use different models .
So , if you are an atheist , remember that Jesus is your friend .
And , if you are a fundamentalist — the equivalent , in our time , of a pharisee — remember that he still thought you were divine , no matter what he thought of your legalism .
At least , that 's what I think today .
Published online 1 June 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.534
News
Fragments from a Chinese cave push back the dawn of the craft by more than 1,000 years .
Pot fragments have been found in Yuchanyan Cave before but dating them has proved tricky .
Boston University / Hunan Provincial Museum
Shards of pottery dating back 18,000 years have been unearthed in a cave in Hunan province , southern China .
The manufacture of ceramic pots and other items is generally associated with the change from Paleolithic hunter - gatherer societies into sedentary Neolithic communities , which began about 10,000 years ago in the eastern Mediterranean .
But pottery manufacture began considerably earlier in East Asia , during the late Paleolithic .
Until now , the earliest previous finds in East Asia were dated to 15,000 – 16,000 years ago .
In a new study1 , physicist Elisabetta Boaretto of the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot , Israel , and archaeologist Xiaohong Wu of Peking University in Beijing and their colleagues show that humans were making containers out of fired clay even earlier than was previously thought .
Other excavations in the area around Yuchanyan Cave have unearthed early human settlements from the Late Pleistocene period .
But dating finds from these sites have proved challenging .
The complex layers of ash , clay and gravel make the sites difficult to analyse and it has been hard to find pure samples of organic material such as charcoal and bone for carbon dating .
" In environments in which there is a lot of ash , charcoal does n't preserve well , and throughout China there are deposits of windborne dust that contain a lot of calcite , an element of wood ash , " explains Boaretto 's colleague Steve Weiner , of the Kimmel Center for Archeological Science at the Weizmann Institute .
Normally , an excavation project would seek to date as many carbon samples as possible , explains Boaretto .
But in this case , the team conducted pre-screening in the field and then did a preliminary analysis in the lab of some 150 initial samples using infrared and Raman spectroscopy .
Only the 30 samples that these tests showed to be clean and well preserved then underwent carbon - dating analysis .
By carefully analysing the layers of earth around the pottery shards to note any disturbances — for example , fire hearths and animal burrows — the team could determine which carbon samples were most closely related to the pottery finds .
Precise dating
The team 's carbon dating suggests charcoal and bone samples obtained from the site are 21,000 to 13,800 years old , whereas those located just above and below the pottery shards are about 18,000 years old .
The latter date also matched that of the layer of sediment in which the shards were found .
The finds included enough fragments to reconstruct one complete cauldron with a pointed base that stands some 29 centimetres high .
Weiner does not think that these finds lend support to either side in the debate over whether East Asian pottery developed in a single place and then spread through what is now China , southern Russia and Japan , or whether the technology emerged separately in different places .
ADVERTISEMENT
" But thanks to precise dating technology , it shows the beginning of the tradition and pushes back what people have thought was the beginning of pottery making by a few thousand years , " he says .
Gideon Shelach , an archaeologist in the Department of East Asian Studies at Hebrew University in Jerusalem , says that Boaretto and Wu's results confirm and extend the existing picture of a lengthy East Asian Paleolithic - Neolithic transition .
This seems to have taken place at a much more gradual pace than the developments that led to the world 's first fully sedentary societies in the eastern Mediterranean .
" There are a lot of excavations going on in China now , and I suspect that there will be many more discoveries that will give us a better understanding of the development of human society in this part of the world , " Shelach predicts .
Nearly half a century after she committed her depraved crimes and seven years since she died , images of Myra Hindley continue to exert a unique horror .
Two previously unseen photographs , released yesterday by Greater Manchester Police ( GMP ) to signal that their decades - long hunt for the body of Moors murder victim Keith Bennett is effectively over , show the blonde - haired killer as a young woman posing with a map and compass against the austere backdrop of Saddleworth Moor .
It was on this high Pennine ground , where Yorkshire meets Manchester , that she and Ian Brady would escape ; first to celebrate their destructive bond and later to sexually abuse , murder and bury their victims .
Detectives believed the grainy black and white pictures taken around 1964 held the key to finding the body of the youngster snatched from a Longsight street and taken to a remote spot by Hindley where he was strangled by a waiting Brady , becoming the third of the couple 's five known victims .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Police have remained convinced that soil conditions on the moors meant the 12 - year - old 's remains would still be preserved somewhere in the peat and water , and called in geologists and aerial photography experts in an attempt to pinpoint the exact location shown in the two pictures .
It was the couple 's chilling habit to pose for souvenir photographs beside the last resting places of the children they killed .
But yesterday , in a surprise announcement , police revealed the existence of a hitherto secret operation known as Maida that had been ongoing since 2003 .
Hopes of success had been high after traces of chemicals associated with dead bodies were discovered in the lonely pools around Shiny Brook .
But these were dashed when they were found to be naturally occurring .
Despite the vast efforts of officers , an array of scientists , psychologists and forensic archaeologists the search was ultimately thwarted by the defiant silence of 71 - year - old Brady , who is living out his days in Ashworth high security hospital in Merseyside .
In the end all that was unearthed during the operation was a decomposed set of sheep bones .
Detective Chief Superintendent Steve Heywood , head of GMP 's serious crime division , described yesterday how he walked to work each day in the shadow of the moor .
He said he was continually reminded of Keith 's disappearance and the police 's failure to recover his body to allow his 75 - year - old mother Winnie Johnson to bury her son .
Officers will now no longer search the high wilderness barring a genuine and substantial confession from Brady or major scientific breakthrough .
He said the killer would not be allowed to return to the moor and that police would not respond to the " whims " of a " psychopath " .
Brady and Hindley , who died in prison aged 60 in 2002 , were convicted in 1966 of murdering Lesley Ann Downey , 10 , John Kilbride , 12 , and Edward Evans , 17 .
In 1986 both were taken back to the hills to help in the quest for two undiscovered bodies following Brady 's confession to killing Keith Bennett and 16 - year - old Pauline Reade , who was found in 1987 .
Brady has refused to co-operate with the latest inquiry , waving investigators away from his hospital bed when they tried to question him .
Should he finally reveal his secrets , said Mr Heywood , he would be asked to identify the spot with the use of a 3D virtual representation .
" If he [ Brady ] wants to take the opportunity to do the decent thing then we will listen , but there will be no deals .
This is his final opportunity to come forward and give the information .
He knows where Keith Bennett is , " he said .
Police have taken specialist advice not to allow Brady to revisit the scene of his crimes for fear of fuelling his personal gratification and believe the cost of protecting him during such a visit would be too much .
They insisted that the case remained open even though the search of the moors had entered a " dormant phase " .
For Keith Bennett 's mother , yesterday was another day in a life which has been destroyed by the disappearance of her son .
She again publicly begged Brady to own up before it was too late and allow her to remember Keith 's short life with a service at Manchester Cathedral .
" I 'm pleading with him to get to me or the press or the police and tell me where Keith is .
It is the last time it will be done , " she said .
Breaking down as she caught a glimpse of the moor on television images of the search shown during a specially convened press conference , she said : " It is not fair on me , what I have had to go through .
I did not ask him to be picked - up and murdered .
" It 's a nightmare ; it 's been a nightmare for the last 45 years how I have carried on – 45 years in limbo .
If he 's got any decency or respect for anybody it should be me , " she said .
Ms Johnson 's lawyer David Kirwan , who has met Brady twice in an attempt to persuade him to talk , re-iterated his client 's plea .
" Today I am calling on Ian Brady to declare that he will do what he says he can do .
I am ready to meet with him again to help bring to an end the appalling ordeal Keith 's mother has endured all these years . "
Iran 's President Ahmadinejad accuses foreign governments of interference The White House has accused Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of seeking to blame the US for unrest following Iran 's disputed election .
The US replied one day after Mr Ahmadinejad was sharply critical of President Barack Obama for condemning Iranian violence against protesters .
Tehran 's leadership has accused foreign governments of fuelling the protests .
The Group of Eight foreign ministers , meeting in Italy , said they " deplored " the post-election violence in Iran .
In a statement , they urged Iran " to respect fundamental human rights " and settle the crisis " through democratic dialogue and peaceful means " .
ANALYSIS Jeremy Bowen
BBC News , Tehran The Guardian Council is due to give its definitive verdict on Sunday .
But the remarks by its spokesman are yet another indication that it will be a formality .
The question though is whether the fracture in the ruling elite that this crisis has caused will heal .
When you ask Iranians about the way this might go , a phrase keeps cropping up .
They say it might seem quiet to an outsider but there is fire below the ashes .
Eerie calm masks Iran tensions Earlier , Iran 's Guardian Council said it had nearly finished examining the allegations of vote - rigging and had found no irregularities .
" We have had no fraud in any presidential election and this one was the cleanest election we have had , " the electoral body 's spokesman , Abbasali Kadkhodai , told the Irna news agency .
" I can say with certainty that there was no fraud in this election . "
The BBC's Jeremy Bowen in Tehran says the comments are yet another sign that the Guardian Council 's definitive verdict about the alleged election fraud - due on Sunday - will be a formality .
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has already said several times that the result is fair and will stand .
Meanwhile , another senior Iranian hardline cleric said in his Friday sermon that the leaders of the protests should be dealt with " severely and ruthlessly " .
" I want the judiciary to ... punish leading rioters firmly and without showing any mercy to teach everyone a lesson , " Ahmad Khatami told worshippers at Tehran university in comments broadcast nationwide .
War of words
In Washington , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Iran 's president was attempting to deflect attention from events at home .
" There are people in Iran who want to make this not about a debate among Iranians in Iran , but about the West and the United States .
" I would add President Ahmadinejad to that list of people trying to make this about the United States , " Mr Gibbs said .
IRAN UNREST 12 June Presidential election saw incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad re-elected with 63 % of vote Main challenger Mir Hossein Mousavi called for result to be annulled for electoral fraud Street protests saw at least 17 people killed and foreign media restricted
Q&A : Election aftermath How Iran is ruled
Who 's who in Iran Iran : Send your questions
He was speaking in response to an angry statement made by Mr Ahmadinejad on Thursday in which Mr Obama was told to avoid " interfering in Iran 's affairs " .
" Our question is why he fell into this trap and said things that previously [ former US President George W ] Bush used to say , " Mr Ahmadinejad was quoted as saying by the semi-official Fars news agency .
Despite the increasingly pointed rhetoric , the substance of the Obama policy towards Iran remains unchanged , says the BBC's Richard Lister in Washington .
The US regards its main priority as addressing Iran 's nuclear programme and its support for militant groups , and Mr Obama has made clear repeatedly that the offer of talks with Tehran is still on the table , our correspondent adds .
Compromise statement Some Western nations are continuing to criticise Iran 's handling of the crisis .
Tensions between Iran and the UK are already strained after Tehran accused Britain of inflaming the protests - charges London denies .
" We deplore post - electoral violence which led to the loss of lives of Iranian civilians , " the statement from the meeting of G8 foreign ministers in Trieste said .
" We call on the Iranian government to guarantee that the will of the Iranian people is reflected in the electoral process , " it went on .
The BBC's Duncan Kennedy in Trieste said it took many hours of discussions to find the right choice of words acceptable to all the ministers .
The strength of the wording was more muted than some had hoped for because of opposition from Russia , who said Iran should not be isolated .
In Iran itself , defeated presidential candidate and protest figurehead Mir Hossein Mousavi on Thursday accused those behind the alleged " rigged " elections of being responsible for the bloodshed during the protests .
He complained of " complete " restrictions on his access to people and a crackdown on his media group .
At least 25 people - including eight members of the pro-government Basij militia - are reported to have been killed and dozens more wounded in the protests since the disputed election on 12 June .
The figures cannot be verified due to severe reporting restrictions inside Iran .
Are you in Iran ?
Did you accept the election results ?
What do you think of what is happening ?
Send us your comments using the form below : Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
From the Nipple Bra to the " world 's shortest nightie " , some of the most peculiar vintage lingerie ads we 've found .
Microsoft 's strange new ads for Internet Explorer
Trailing a series of failed and questionable commercials , Microsoft has launched an experimental new advertising campaign .
Can Superman , puke jokes , and lolcats make IE cool again ?
The new campaign features actor Dean Cain ( former Superman from TV's Lois and Clark ) in a series of mock - PSAs , advertising the launch of Internet Explorer 8 .
Produced by Indiana - based ad agency Bradley and Montgomery , the commercials try hard to be funny in spots like S.H.Y.N.E.S.S. ( " Sharing Heavily Yet Not Enough Sharing Still " ) poking fun at web users who over - share lolcats , while going for the gross - out factor in O.M.G.I.G.P. ( " Oh My God I 'm Gonna Puke " ) featuring a woman who 's accidentally seen her partner 's obscene browser history .
Currently , Microsoft is only airing the ads online ( seen on Hulu ) , but may consider broader broadcast depending on the public 's reception .
With IE 's shrinking user base , especially among the tech - savvy , its clear Microsoft is hoping the ads will gain a viral audience online .
S.H.Y.N.E.S.S .
G.R.I.P.E.S .
O.M.G.I.G.P. ( Warning : disgusting )
F.O.M.S .
UPDATE : Interesting comment on Daring Fireball : “ What strikes me about these spots is that even Microsoft ’s own ads use Helvetica rather than Arial . ” ( June 30 , 2009 )
Former President George W. Bush 's international AIDS - fighting campaign has reduced by 10 percent the mortality rates in 15 targeted countries , primarily in Africa , and has saved 1.1 million lives , according to a study that for the first time quantified the successes of his program .
The study by two Stanford University doctors showed the treatment part of PEPFAR , the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief , which involves making drug treatment available to about 2 million people , has shown solid success while the prevention efforts under the program have not yet produced the same concrete results .
“ It has averted deaths - a lot of deaths - with about a 10 percent reduction compared with neighboring African countries , ” said Dr. Eran Bendavid , a fellow in infectious disease and in health policy and research at Stanford who led the study .
“ However , we could not see a change in prevalence rates that was associated with PEPFAR . ”
For each life saved , $ 2,700 was spent on treatment , according to the study in the Annals of Internal Medicine .
It looked at death and infection rates from 2004 through 2007 in countries PEPFAR focused on versus 29 other African nations .
The study found HIV infection rates were about the same .
Presidential scholars have said PEPFAR is one of the best chances Mr. Bush has to rehabilitate his legacy , and the study 's results are a strong showing for the still - young program .
“ It 's great news that even in the first three years the American people supported the saving of more than a million lives , ” said Mark Dybul , who ran PEPFAR as Mr. Bush 's Global AIDS coordinator .
He said PEPFAR , created in 2003 , did n't even ramp up substantially until 2006 so the lives - saved figure is even more impressive .
Originally , PEPFAR was designed to spend half its $ 18.8 billion budget on treatment and 20 percent on prevention programs , with one - third of the prevention money going to abstinence .
In its first five years , the government wanted to reach 2 million people with antiretroviral drug treatment , and prevent 7 million HIV infections with a special focus on 15 countries , 12 in Africa and the others in Asia , the Caribbean and South America .
The program was renewed last year with a budget of $ 48 billion for five years , and updated goals of treating 3 million people and preventing 12 million infections .
Some Republicans fought during the 2008 debate to keep the focus on treatment , arguing it produced concrete results compared with what they saw as vaguely defined prevention efforts .
Those advocates saw Monday 's report as vindication .
“ It 's encouraging , but we will continue to be on guard against Congress ' tendency to fix what is n't broken , ” said John Hart , a spokesman for Sen .
Tom Coburn , Oklahoma Republican and a doctor who has been active in shaping U.S. AIDS efforts .
He said treatment also ends up helping reduce transmission from mothers to their babies , and said spending money on treatment means helping families stay together .
“ When you spend money on treatment , it means a household is a two - parent household rather than a one - parent household .
It 's the difference between a one - parent household or an orphanage , ” Mr. Hart said .
Health groups that want more money for prevention said it was natural that the program initially would focus on treatment , and said treatment must continue , but expanding prevention efforts are now the key .
“ We 're now moving from an emergency phase to a more sustainable phase , ” said Smita Baruah , government relations director for the Global Health Council .
“ As you move from emergency to sustainability , it 's not going to work just to treat your way out of the infection .
You now need to figure out how do we prevent new infections . ”
Mr. Dybul , the former World AIDS coordinator , said the prevention goals were always long term , and that it 's too early to judge how well PEPFAR is meeting them .
“ The plan is on track to focus on prevention , care and treatment , which is what we need to do , ” he said .
The renewed PEPFAR program calls for a greater focus on economic , social and behavioral factors that contribute to the spread of HIV .
Lawmakers also removed the previous requirement that a third of prevention money go to abstinence programs , instead putting in a benchmark that if abstinence and fidelity spending drops below 50 percent of funding for prevention , the program would have to justify those decisions .
Serra Sippel , executive director at the Center for Health and Gender Equity , said they worry that could still be seen as encouraging local officials to do abstinence education even when it 's not an effective option .
She said they want to see President Obama issue clear guidelines so providers are n't confused .
That will fall to a new global AIDS coordinator .
Mr. Obama asked Mr. Dybul to step down .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The difference between an " athlete " and a " jock " is substantial , says Kathleen Miller .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A rose by any other name is still a rose , but is an athlete by another name ... a jock ?
" The terms ' athlete ' and ' jock ' are sometimes used interchangeably , but they are really descriptions of two distinct sport - related identities , " says University at Buffalo researcher Kathleen E. Miller , Ph.D. " In terms of goal orientations toward sports and conformity to gender norms , these two identities represent very different perspectives and may be associated with different behaviors . "
Miller , a research scientist at UB 's Research Institute on Addictions , explained that the differences between the jock identity and the athlete identity may have implications for health - risk behavior .
To some extent at least , jocks may constitute a specialized -- and problematic -- subset of athletes .
Research by Miller and others is exploring a " toxic jock " model that links involvement in high - status , high - profile sports with rigid adherence to stereotypical expectations of masculinity , a tolerance for risk and health - compromising behaviors such as substance use and unsafe sex .
The practical implications of these findings are clear : developing ways to help sports participants generate " athlete " ( rather than " jock " ) identities could potentially help buffer adolescents and young adults against health - compromising behaviors .
Miller 's Athletic Involvement Study surveyed 581 college students with histories of organized sports participation to rate how strongly they saw themselves ( or believed others saw them ) as athletes or as jocks .
Only 18 percent of students strongly identified with the identity of " jock , " while 55 percent strongly identified with the identity of " athlete . "
In fact , students were twice as likely to reject the jock label .
Self - identified athletes tended to be task - oriented ; they defined sport success in terms of skills development and mastery and the pursuit of personal excellence , Miller found .
Jocks were more ego - oriented ; they defined sport success by comparing their own performance to that of others .
Endorsement of stereotypical masculine norms in the study was also stronger among jocks than among athletes .
Students who identified strongly as jocks were likely to support " masculine " attitudes about violence , sex , winning , dominance and risk - taking ; those who identified strongly as athletes supported some of these attitudes ( commitment to winning ) but actively rejected others ( " playboy " attitudes about sex ) and were neutral on the rest ( propensity for violence , dominance and risk - taking ) .
Both sport - related identities were stronger among men than among women .
Two thirds ( 68 percent ) of men and 39 percent of women surveyed identified themselves as athletes .
Twenty - five percent of men and only eight percent of women identified themselves as jocks .
More information :
These results were published in the March 2009 issue of the Journal of Sport Behavior .
Source : University at Buffalo ( news : web )
Explore further Energy drinks linked to risk - taking behaviors among college students
Sunday , June 14 , 2009 | 4:23 PM
Today we 're releasing an upgrade to Google Maps for Android - powered phones .
We 've added a whole host of new features and fixed a few issues with Google Latitude .
You can now search Google Maps for Android using your voice , making it easier than ever to look up places while on the go .
Whether you 're searching for an address , a business , or nearby windsurfing spots , just speak your query and Google Maps will find it .
Our voice recognition engine currently understands English in American , Australian , and British accents .
After you search , you 'll see a map of places .
To help you decide where to go , we 've improved our business listings to include content such as store hours , prices , ratings , and reviews .
We also added transit and walking directions to Google Maps for Android .
You can now get directions using public transportation in over 250 cities , including New York City and San Francisco .
If you 're looking for the best route on foot , use walking directions to take advantage of pedestrian - only pathways and to avoid one - way restrictions - just in time for summer !
Google Maps for Android includes some big improvements to Google Latitude .
We fixed an issue that caused background location updates to periodically stop for some of you .
Now , once you select " Detect your location " from the Latitude privacy menu , your location will continue to update as long as your phone is on .
You may also notice a new experimental feature called Updates that lets you communicate with friends and post messages .
Start Latitude and click the " Updates " tab to shout out updates at friends when they 're at interesting locations , start a conversation when you 're at your favorite restaurant , or just add more details to your Latitude location for your friends to see .
Your friends will also need to download this new version of Google Maps for Android in order to use this experimental Updates feature -- they will not get your messages otherwise .
Unlike past Android software updates for the T - Mobile G1 or HTC Magic , the new Google Maps release wo n't be automatically pushed to your phone over the next few days .
Instead , the upgrade is available for download in the Android Market .
Just search for " Google Maps " and install today .
UPDATE : For those of you looking for Street View in Google Maps on Android , you 'll find that we 've integrated it more tightly with the rest of the app .
Street View is no longer its own map mode .
You can now check out Street View directly from any search result where imagery is available .
You can also long - press any point on the map , in map view or satellite view , and you 'll see a Street View thumbnail wherever imagery is available .
By Ole CaveLie and Chandan Pitta , Software Engineers
By Paul Bedard , Washington Whispers
A pitched fight over handguns takes place in the Senate this week as gun control advocates move to block an amendment to the defense authorization bill that would allow armed citizens with state - approved concealed - carry permits to cross into another state that also allows the carrying of concealed weapons .
The reciprocity amendment is being offered by South Dakota Sen .
John
Thune , who says it would require those crossing into a neighboring state to follow the rules governing concealed weapons in those localities .
" My legislation enables citizens to protect themselves while respecting individual state firearms laws , " said Thune .
He should know : Thune has his South Dakota carry permit .
His amendment is backed by the NRA , Gun Owners of America , and six other gun groups .
Opposition , however , is fierce .
Already groups opposed to the amendment have begun running ads and penning letters to lawmakers urging a " No " vote .
Sen . Frank Lautenberg , the New Jersey Democrat who has long fought gun groups , tomorrow is planning to launch his retaliation at a press conference .
" Trumping state laws to allow concealed weapons to be carried by almost anybody in any state is an egregious threat to communities all across the country , " he told us today .
" This amendment is just another attempt by the gun lobby to put its radical agenda ahead of safety and security in our communities . "
His office released a letter from the International Association of Chiefs of Police opposing the legislation , claiming that it might override different state laws that limit who can carry a concealed weapon .
He also released a letter from the mayors of more than 400 cities and towns that claims the Thune " concealed - carry amendment " would infringe on state laws .
Thune , however , chairman of the Republican Policy Conference , said that his amendment wo n't do that .
Said spokesman Kyle Downey : " Senator
Thune does n't believe your constitutional rights should cease to exist when you cross the state border . "
Thune also said that he 's pushing the amendment because it could cut crime and save lives .
Check out our Whispers political caricatures .
View recent political cartoons .
Follow Paul and Nikki on Twitter .
On February 23 , 2009 , I posted an article on this site entitled Why Florida Jurors Are Rarely Allowed to Hear Evidence of Previous False Accusations .
In that article , I discussed two Florida cases , Pantoja v. State of Florida and Washington v. State of Florida , both of which held that jurors should not have been allowed to hear evidence that a prosecution witness had previously made false accusations against another person .
At the conclusion of that article , I noted that Florida ’s Second District Court of Appeal ( fortunately ) sees things differently when it comes to allowing jurors to hear such evidence .
For example , in the case of Jaggers v. State of Florida , Mr. Jaggers was charged with committing the crime of sexual battery on three children , all of whom were less than eleven years old .
At Jaggers ’s trial , a key witness for the prosecutor was a ten - year - old girl who testified that Jaggers had put his finger into her rectum three to five years earlier .
When Jaggers ’s lawyer tried to cross-examine the girl about the fact that she had previously accused her own father of sexually assaulting her and then later admitted that her accusation was false , the trial judge did not allow Jaggers ’s lawyer to do so " on the basis of the very broad general principle of law that the credibility of a witness may not be impeached by proof that the witness has committed specific acts of misconduct . "
The Second District Court of Appeal ruled that the trial judge erred by not permitting such cross-examination because " [t ] here is a long line of authority from this court and others which permits the type of testimony on cross-examination that was prohibited here .
Evidence that is relevant to the possible bias , prejudice , motive , intent or corruptness of a witness is nearly always not only admissible , but necessary , where the jury must know of any improper motives of a prosecuting witness in determining that witness ’ credibility .
That is particularly true in the case of allegations of sexual abuse where there is no independent evidence of the abuse and the defendant ’s sole defense is either fabrication or mistake on the part of the alleged victims . "
Ten years later , the Second District Court of Appeal was presented with a similar issue in the case of Cliburn v. State of Florida .
In that case , Mr. Cliburn was charged with burglarizing his former girlfriend ’s apartment and of violating a domestic violence injunction .
The evidence at trial boiled down to a swearing match between Cliburn and the former girlfriend .
In spite of that , Cliburn ’s attorney was not allowed to cross -examine the former girlfriend about the fact that she had previously filed a false kidnapping charge against another boyfriend .
On appeal , the Court ruled that not permitting such cross-examination was error because " evidence relevant to a prosecuting witness ’s possible bias or corruptness is admissible .
When assessing a key witness ’s credibility , the jury must know about any improper motives . "
It would certainly appear that Jaggers and Cliburn were decided correctly since it is settled law in the United States that cross-examination is nearly always proper where it exposes a witness ’s bias , prejudice , or ulterior motive to testify .
As the United States Supreme Court stated in the case of Davis v. Alaska , " [ a ] more particular attack on the witness ’ credibility is effected by means of cross-examination directed toward revealing possible biases , prejudices , or ulterior motives of the witness as they may relate directly to issues or personalities in the case at hand .
The partiality of a witness is subject to exploration at trial , and is ‘ always relevant as discrediting the witness and affecting the weight of his testimony .’ . . .
We have recognized that the exposure of a witness ’ motivation in testifying is a proper and important function of the constitutionally protected right of cross-examination . "
Grand Canal Predated Venice Ancient Roman City Lost , Now Found
The lost Roman city of Altinum has been found in Italy .
Sophisticated aerial images released this week reveal fascinating new details about Venice 's predecessor , which was abandoned by its citizens and then sank into the lagoon .
A new iPhone application has been released that purports to measure how competent you are in the sack .
The ‘‘ Passion ’’ app uses the phone ’s built - in accelerometer , used to sense motion , as well as the device ’s microphone and timer .
The new Passion app for the iPhone .
Simply place the phone on the bed or in a pocket before intercourse and , at the end of the horizontal dance , the phone will give you a rating out of 10 based on three criteria : duration , orgasm and activity .
The timer measures duration , while the accelerometer measures activity and the microphone measures the orgasm .
Many people with albinism are living in fear in Burundi Witnesses have testified in the case of 11 men in Burundi , accused of the attempted murder of albino people and selling of their body parts .
Initial charges of murder have been dropped because the prosecution failed to produce enough evidence .
Police suspect the body parts are being sold in neighbouring Tanzania , for use in witchcraft .
Forty - six albino people have been murdered in Tanzania in the past 18 months , but no - one has been convicted .
But the violence against albinos is not restricted to Tanzania ; last November a six - year - old albino girl in Burundi was found dead with her head and limbs removed .
' Desecrating graves ' Thursday 's hearing in the eastern province of Ruyigi , near the Tanzanian border , has generated a great deal of interest .
Witnesses travelled from the remote north - east of Burundi to give testimony linking one of the defendants with the killers of a married man with albinism whose body parts were allegedly taken to Tanzania .
The case began last week , but had to be adjourned after witnesses failed to show up .
The BBC's Prime Ndikumagenge says the courtroom is so crammed many people are waiting outside to hear details of the evidence second hand .
Our reporter says eight of the accused allegedly helped traffic albino body parts and desecrated a graveyard to take the parts of someone who was buried .
The rest of the defendants are accused of attempting to kill an albino child .
The accused deny the charges .
Witchdoctors in the region are known to tell clients that potions made with albino body parts will bring them luck in love , life and business .
BBC East Africa correspondent Will Ross says Tanzania 's government has promised action and the fact that there have been no reported attacks or murders of albinos for two months in Tanzania provides some hope .
Hundreds of people including witchdoctors and business people have been arrested but the justice system in Tanzania is notoriously slow and corrupt and so far nobody has been convicted , he says .
Albinism affects one in 20,000 people worldwide , but in Tanzania the prevalence appears to be much higher .
The Albino Association of Tanzania says that although just 4,000 albinos are officially registered in the country , they believe the actual number could be as high as 173,000 .
A census is now under way to try to verify the figures
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Oak Lawn , Illinois - Hizb ut - Tahrir ( HT ) , the international movement to re-establish an international Islamic state ­ or Caliphate - kicked off a new campaign to win American recruits Sunday afternoon in this Chicago suburb .
Nearly 300 people packed the Grand Ballroom of the Hilton Hotel for its Khalifah Conference on " The Fall of Capitalism and the Rise of Islam " to listen to HT ideologues blame capitalism for World War I and World War II ; the U.S. subprime mortgage meltdown ; the current violence in Iraq and Afghanistan ; world poverty and malnutrition and inner-city drug use .
A speaker identified as Abu Atallah even blamed capitalism for the late singer Michael Jackson 's decision " to shed his black skin . "
Hizb ut - Tahrir aims to restore the Caliphate that existed during the Ottoman Empire in Turkey .
Turkish leader Kemal Ataturk abolished it in 1924 in an effort to create a secular , Europeanized state .
Security at the conference was very tight .
Oak Lawn police maintained a checkpoint outside the Hilton , and local police and HT 's own security people had a substantial presence inside the hotel .
In the ballroom where the conference took place , men and women were largely segregated , with men in the front and women in the back .
This became a significant point of contention between HT supporters and several members of the audience who objected to this arrangement .
At one point , an unidentified Hizb ut - Tahrir speaker became flustered over this line of questioning .
" Men and women , " he blurted out , must be kept separate " to prevent people from behaving like animals . "
A woman in the audience responded : " How does intermingling between men and women make you animals ? "
HT panelists did n't have a persuasive answer , and soon adjourned that session .
The conference was sometimes poorly organized .
There was no list of speakers , forcing reporters to sometimes guess at the spelling of speakers ' names .
But HT certainly appeared to be serious about working for the larger goals of the conference : abolishing capitalism and imposing Caliphate rule over the world .
According to Hizb ut - Tahrir , the world 's social and economic problems will not be fixed until the world is governed by Shariah and the government controls all major industries .
Lenders would no longer be able to charge interest , which one speaker decried as a " poisonous concept . "
Charity , or zakat , was advertised as the way to alleviate " economic inequality . "
" Secular capitalism has made me devalue my skin " and " has kept my family in ghettos , " said one speaker , an African - American who went on to blame it for the fact that he smoked marijuana and his grandmother played the lottery .
Capitalism , he added , is a form of economic " terrorism " and " causes us to be sent to mental hospitals . "
Barack Obama 's presidency , he said , " is only a scheme or con " to trick people into thinking that things will get better under capitalism .
But time and again on Sunday , Hizb ut - Tahrir officials seemed to be playing slippery rhetorical games of their own - particularly when it came to the behavior of despotic Muslim regimes and terrorists .
When a few skeptical audience members pressed speakers over the fact that Islamic governments in Iran and Saudi Arabia are despotic , conference speakers claimed those were n't " authentic " Muslim governments and that the CIA ( and by implication , the capitalist U.S. government ) was to blame for the problems in those countries .
In an interview with WBBM - TV in Chicago , HT deputy spokesman Mohammad Malkawi refused to specifically condemn Al Qaida and the Taliban .
Hizb ut - Tahrir has not been designated a terrorist group by the U.S. government and it insists it is only interested in instituting radical change by nonviolent means .
But HT 's alumni include 9/ll mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the late Iraqi terrorist leader Abu Musab Zarqawi and would - be Hamas suicide bombers , and the group 's pro-jihadist rhetoric has led critics to label it a " conveyor belt for terrorists . "
One Muslim American group issued a statement in advance of the conference condemning Hizb ut - Tahrir 's radical ideology and challenging others to follow suit .
" Hizb ut - Tahrir preaches an ideology that calls for the destruction of the principles that America is founded on , " said Zuhdi Jasser , president of the American - Islamic Forum for Democracy .
" While their words are protected by our First Amendment , their actions and movement must not be allowed to take hold .
The silence of American Islamist organizations like [ the Council on American - Islamic Relations ] CAIR and [ the Islamic Society of North America ]
ISNA in condemning the ideologies of Hizb ut - Tahrir and their agenda of insurgency in America speaks volumes to their own , albeit , more camouflaged Islamist agenda . "
HT 's efforts to rehabilitate its image wo n't be helped by the menacing tone on display Sunday .
One late - afternoon panelist suggested that modern industrial powers could fall to Muslims the way Mecca fell to Mohammed nearly 1,400 years ago .
A speaker identified by conference organizers as Imam Jaleel Abdul Adil said that " if they offer us the sun , or the moon , or a nice raise , or a passport , or a house in the suburbs or even a place to pray at the job , on the condition that we stop calling for Islam as a complete way of life - we should never do that , ever do that - unless and until Islam becomes victorious or we die in the attempt . "
( To see the clip , click here . )
Later , the following dialogue ensued between the imam and a member of the audience over whether Shariah or the Constitution should be the supreme law of the land in the United States ( click here to see the clip ) :
Audience member : " Would you get rid of the Constitution for Shariah , yes or no ? "
Imam : " Over the Muslim world ?
Yes , it would be gone . "
Audience Member :
And so if the United States was a Muslim world , the Constitution would be gone ? "
Imam : " If the United States was in the Muslim world , the Muslims who are here would be calling and happy to see the Shariah applied , yes we would . "
Audience Member : " And the Constitution gone .
That 's all . "
Imam : " Yes , as Muslims they would be long gone . "
While Hizb ut - Tahrir 's controversial message attracted demonstrators and some media attention , the group at least is open about its ambitions .
It not only is determined to destroy capitalism -- it would shred the United States Constitution as well in favor of Shariah law .
Environmental activist network argues that the oil industry might be approaching a tipping point from fall in the price , advances in technology and policies on climate change
A long - term decline in the demand for oil could undermine the huge investments in Canadian tar sands , which have been heavily opposed by environmentalists , according to a report published today .
The report , by Greenpeace , will make uncomfortable reading for the companies that are investing tens of billions of pounds to exploit the hard - to - extract oil in the belief that demand and the price would climb inexorably as countries such as China and India industrialise .
Citing projections from the oil producers ' cartel Opec and the International Energy Agency , as well as various oil experts , the report casts doubt on the conventional assumption that consumption and prices will begin gathering pace once the world pulls itself out of recession .
It argues that alongside the cyclical fall in the oil price there are more fundamental structural changes taking place .
These are driven by advances in energy efficiency and alternative energy , cleaner vehicles , government policies on climate change and concerns over energy security .
Greenpeace has posted the report to 200 shareholders in Shell and BP , including pension funds , in an effort to put pressure on the companies to think again .
BP reports quarterly results tomorrow and Shell on Thursday .
Lorne Stockman , the author of the report , said : " A peak in oil demand was barely discussed even a year ago , but now it is a viable idea .
When it happens , I would n't want to guess , but it will happen sooner than we thought .
There has been lots of talk about a supply peak , but it is good to start talking about a demand peak , and that has huge implications for these companies .
" All of the international oil companies as you look beyond 2020 need a high oil price to be profitable , because they are increasingly being pushed to develop expensive resources in not just the tar sands , but in deep water and offshore Arctic sites .
" But there is something more structural going on , " he added .
" Governments are beginning to act , and not just the Obama administration .
In the EU , the policy driver is climate change , and in China and the US , it is about energy security and the vulnerability of the economy to volatility in the oil price . "
The rush to exploit the tar sands in Canada has been described as a modern day gold rush that has led to a huge boom in once sleepy towns in the province of Alberta .
The oil was once considered too difficult and expensive to extract as it is a mixture of clay , water and bitumen .
Many of the projects have been mothballed until the oil price recovers .
It has fallen from a peak of $ 147 a barrel and is currently at about $ 68 .
Merrill Lynch estimates that the price would need to settle at about $ 80 to make further investment viable .
Critics argue that tar sands extraction is disastrous to the environment , causing deforestation , requiring huge amounts of water and greenhouse emissions three to five times greater than conventional crude .
The report notes that Opec and the IEA have been revising projections for oil demand downwards since 2006 , with by far the sharpest revision this year .
Opec has revised its 2025 oil forecast down by 12 % within the past four years .
Peter Hughes , who spent much of his career at BP and BG , and is now director for global energy at consultancy firm Arthur D Little , recently wrote a report titled ' The Beginning of the End for Oil ? '
He supports the Greenpeace view and said the correlation between oil demand and GDP growth has been weakened .
" It is widely accepted that demand in OECD countries has plateaued and is going into decline but it has also been thought that would be massively outweighed by growth in China .
But the Chinese think long - term and identified some time ago that the biggest threat to their economic growth was an increasing dependency on imported energy , which is anathema to them .
The conclusion is clear – to reduce the reliance on hydrocarbons through energy efficiency and fundamental technology change .
I think we will reach peak oil demand in the middle of the next decade . "
About 50 % of oil demand in the US fuels cars and the report takes hope from the Obama administration having tied recent bailouts for the industry to the development of cleaner vehicles .
But it notes the US is far behind China , where government mandates mean new Chinese cars are 56 % more fuel - efficient than those built in Detroit .
Fuel - efficient cars in China attract 1 % sales tax and sports utility vehicles , 40 % .
Greenpeace also contends that a high oil price is simply unsustainable .
It cites research from Cambridge Energy Research Associates , which suggests that economies become constrained when the price moves into a band between $ 100 and $ 120 a barrel , causing the price to fall back .
Another report from energy business analysts Douglas Westwood puts the " recession threshold " even lower , at $ 80 a barrel .
Shell , which has delayed a number of tar sands projects , argues that energy supply will struggle to keep up with the demands of a growing global population and that in the long term there will be upward pressures on energy prices that justify investing in the Canadian tar sands .
" Our first oil sands operation , the Athabasca Oil Sands Project ( 60 % Shell share ) was built between 1999 and 2003 , when the oil price was considerably lower , " a spokeswoman said .
Shell has the highest exposure of the majors to the tar sands and is most at risk from a decline in demand .
There are contrary views .
The Saudi oil minister warned in May that the world could be facing another oil shock , with prices above $ 150 within two to three years through a lack of investment in new capacity .
The International Monetary Fund has expressed similar concerns .
Even Greenpeace does not suggest that there will not be temporary squeezes on demand and price spikes .
But it believes that the world might fast be approaching a tipping pointthat could have profound implications .
AMERICAN CONSERVATIVE
UNION : PRINCIPLES FOR SALE ….
There ’s been an ongoing and heated dispute between FedEx and UPS lately , stemming from a labor provision currently being debated on the Hill .
In a nutshell , UPS already negotiates union contracts with individual locations , and FedEx may soon be forced to do the same , giving up its one national union contract for its express business .
A fierce fight between the two shipping giants has broken out over this , and American Conservative Union , a major conservative lobbying organization , was , as recently as two weeks ago , on FedEx ’s side .
The ACU said in a recent letter , “ We stand with FedEx in opposition to this legislation . ”
But that would n’t last .
The ACU asked FedEx to pony up a couple million dollars for conservative lobbying expenses .
FedEx balked , so two weeks later , the American Conservative Union switched sides , and now backs UPS .
In return for the $ 2 million , ACU offered a range of services that included : “ Producing op - eds and articles written by ACU ’s Chairman David Keene and / or other members of the ACU ’s board of directors .
( Note that Mr. Keene writes a weekly column that appears in The Hill . ) ”
The conservative group ’s remarkable demand — black - and - white proof of the longtime Washington practice known as “ pay for play ” — was contained in a private letter to FedEx that was provided to POLITICO .
The letter exposes the practice by some political interest groups of taking stands not for reasons of pure principle , as their members and supporters might assume , but also in part because a sponsor is paying big money .
It ’s an interesting look at how this process , usually played out behind closed doors , really works .
For a price , a company can buy the loyalty of a conservative organization , its lobbying operation , and perhaps even some media attention .
In this case , the ACU ’s Keene did n’t necessarily offer to use his print column for paid advocacy , but the fact that it was mentioned as part of the pitch to FedEx suggests a certain , shall we say , ethical flexibility .
And if one fails to pay that price , would n’t you know it , the conservative organization finds that maybe it does n’t really agree with your principled position after all .
It ’s tempting to think a revelation like this would permanently undermine the ACU ’s reputation , but I ca n’t help but wonder if the D.C. establishment , assuming that “ everyone does it , ” and this is just “ how the game is played , ” will tolerate a scandal like this .
A federal judge ruled that a Dallas suburb illegally diminished the voting power of its growing number of Hispanic residents because of flaws in its election system and ordered city officials to modify how elections are run .
The ruling by the judge , Jorge A. Solis of Federal District Court , prevents the City of Irving from using an at - large system that allows political candidates to receive votes from across a broad geographic area rather than a specific district or precinct .
The ruling came in a voting - rights lawsuit against Irving that alleged that the at - large election system kept Hispanics from being elected because they were outvoted by a majority of white non-Hispanic voters supporting other candidates .
The suit was filed in November 2007 on behalf of Manuel Benavidez , who has twice run unsuccessfully for the school board .
If you 're an AT&T customer that is n't eligible for a phone upgrade yet , but will be eligible in July , August or September , good news .
You 're eligible starting Friday , June 19 .
Advertisement
AT&T's just loosened the restrictions in order to allow people to who are on the verge of being able to upgrade to do so now .
If you 're like most people who upgraded to the 3G last year at launch , you 'll have to check your eligibility online to see if you qualify .
If it does n't fall within those three months , you 'll have to wait until whatever date it says on your account .
The countries of the G8 today approved a target of 2° C rise in global average temperature above the natural , preanthropogenic climate , that they resolve should be avoided .
The Europeans have been pushing for 2 degrees as a target maximum temperature for several years , but this is something of a development for the Americans .
We posted recently on two new papers about what it would take to limit global average warming , finding that it would require fairly strong change in trajectory .
About 2° C as a target , we wrote ,
… even a “ moderate ” warming of 2 °C stands a strong chance of provoking drought and storm responses that could challenge civilized society , leading potentially to the conflict and suffering that go with failed states and mass migrations .
Global warming of 2 °C would leave the Earth warmer than it has been in millions of years , a disruption of climate conditions that have been stable for longer than the history of human agriculture .
Given the drought that already afflicts Australia , the crumbling of the sea ice in the Arctic , and the increasing storm damage after only 0.8 °C of warming so far , a target of 2 °C seems almost cavalier .
Nevertheless , we view today ’s development as a constructive step .
Wrapping Comic - Con , if that ’s even possible
Okay , so the big show has been over for more than 24 hours and it ’s time to come to some grand conclusions .
The thing is the only grand conclusion I can offer you is one that is n’t news , and really has n’t been for many years now : Comic - Con is less and less about comics as a medium — a medium that is too frequently confused with a genre — and more and more about a kind of obsession in the media business with appealing to a young males with tales of butt - kicking monoliths and moderately dressed babes who bend over a lot , and now to young females with tales of forbidden love with troubled vampires who are more a lot more James Dean than Bela Lugosi or Max Shreck — not that there ’s anything wrong with any of that , in theory .
( I ’ve never seen / read “ Twilight , ” hence my blissful tolerance on that score . )
Of course , there are plenty of bright spots and I ’m fond of reminding the world of “ Sturgeon ’s Law , ” the dictum uttered by science fiction great Theodore Sturgeon that “ 90 percent of everything is crap . ”
In other words , do n’t expect greatness most of the time from any genre , whether it ’s superhero funnybooks or Elizabethan plays ( though the ones that survive a few centuries tend to be dandy ) .
And , as someone who bemoans the lack of emphasis that the still nascent art form of comics gets at its own convention , I need to get serious myself and read a few more of them this year .
( If you ’re curious about comics as a medium and how they relate to other media , including film which grew up alongside it , one of the best books about media ever created is a comic book , “ Understanding Comics ” by Scott McCloud . )
For this kid who grew up dreaming of the day his comic book favorites would finally become major motion pictures , the phrase “ be careful what you wish for ” is certainly valid .
Before we go , we do have a few lingering con and geek related news items I should probably mention …
* Jeffrey Katzenberg says 3 - D is coming to a home near you .
* Rob Zombie has a succinct yet fascinatingly incomplete answer in regards to the possibility of him doing a third “ Halloween . ”
* A lot of people have a funny idea of “ fun . ”
What next : Cheneyworld ?
* Bryan Singer has fled the hyped - up project , “ The Prisoners . ”
Apparently not a pluralization of the new TV remake of “ The Prisoner , ” it is being promoted as some kind of cross between “ Se7en ” and “ Silence of the Lambs , ” which I guess is like saying “ it ’s a serial killer movie , but we ’re not sure if we want to create a true movie classic or just you make you feel lousy about being a human . ” ( “ Se7en ” was an engaging film , but I will forever resent it “ let ’s just think of the worst thing possible and go with that ” ending .
Being dark is not the same thing as being deep . )
* New images from Tim Burton ’s “ Alice in Wonderland . ”
I ’m all for going with the inherent weirdness in Lewis Carroll ’s satirical childhood classic , one of the books that helped me form my own somewhat off - kilter view of things early on in life .
Still , forgetting about giving little kids nightmares , some of these pics are creeping me out , particularly Mr. Depp .
But I guess it ’s a case of “ what part of ‘ Mad Hatter ’ do n’t you understand ? ' ”
I ’m almost scared to think of how the March Hare is going to turn out .
Lake Titicaca is located on the border of Bolivia and Peru high in the Andes .
It sits 12,500 ft above sea level , making it one of the highest lakes in the world .
Titicaca is notable for a population of people who live on the Uros , a group
of 42 or so artificial islands made of floating reeds ( totora , a reed that abounds
in the shallows of the lake ) .
Their original purpose was defensive , and they could
be moved if a threat arose .
Ferrari Sacrificed to Save Boy's Life
A Ferrari F430 was destroyed in Dallas this week after the owner swerved to avoid hitting a boy riding a bicycle .
Unfortunately , the Ferrari ended up in Lake Oakdale .
We commend the driver who did n't think twice about sacrificing his Ferrari ( and putting his own life in danger ) to save a child from injury .
We assume the guy in the water is the tow truck operator .
Share this Story on FaceBook : Share
MARENGO , Ill. , May 20 ( UPI ) -- A Gallup Organization survey indicated 10 percent of married women are putting off pregnancy due to the current economy .
USA Today reported Joan Jaeger of The Cradle , a Chicago adoption agency , said 30 percent more women with unplanned pregnancies than a year ago seek information about adoption services .
Advertisement
Financial considerations have caused more abortion inquiries .
Vicki Saporta of the National Abortion Federation , an abortion - provider advocacy organization , indicated her group 's hotline activity has almost tripled within the past year .
Many calls are from women in families experiencing job loss .
" The economy has made them take a second look at adoption , " says Scott Mars of American Adoptions in Overland Park , Kan .
He reports a 10 percent to 12 percent increase in adoption placement inquiries and a 7 percent to 10 percent increase in placements since last year , although the demand for healthy babies continues to exceed the supply .
" We 've seen a dramatic increase in girls calling us from the hospital , " says Joseph Sica of Adoption By Shepherd Care in Hollywood , Fla .
He said pregnant mothers hope for help in child - raising , but when it is not forthcoming , they phone .
Sica saw 14 such cases in 2008 , an increase from 11 in 2007 and four in 2006 .
Almost everything you do on your PC requires the assistance of NT's Object Manager .
The Object Manager is a shared resource ; a subsystem upon which all other executive kernel subsystems rely on to get their jobs done .
That said , among NT 's kernel components , the OM receives the least amount of attention .
Well , not anymore .
Charles has a brief chat with Adrian Marinescu , a senior developer who works on the Object Manager as well as LPC and the Heap Manager .
Microsoft will release critical updates for six security issues next Tuesday .
This Patch Tuesday will include a controversially delayed Mac MS Office fix , but wo n't solve a recently discovered directx flaw for Quicktime files .
Biggest Monthly Update This Year
The monthly update , which will be biggest so far this year , will contain critical fixes for Windows , Internet Explorer , Word and Excel in particular , and Office in general .
In all cases , hackers could gain remote control of an affected computer .
The Internet Explorer issue appears particularly serious as it reportedly affects all editions , even the recently released version 8 . ( Source : computerworld.com )
Mac Office Finally Patched
The updates will include a Mac fix for a problem which affected both Windows and Mac editions of Office .
Microsoft issued a Windows fix last month , but announced it did not have a Mac solution ready , which caused some hostility .
While Microsoft argued that it was better to protect as many users as possible rather than wait until it could help everyone , critics argued that doing so put Mac users at extra risk by publicizing the unplugged security loophole .
This caused anger among security researchers who say they are pressured by Microsoft to not reveal bugs .
Fortunately , on this occasion it does n't appear as if hackers were able to take advantage and launch successful attacks .
No Quick Fix For QuickTime Bug
Microsoft does n't yet have a fix for a problem with DirectShow , a system used for handling video and graphics when watching streaming videos ( that is , ones users watch online rather than downloading first ) .
The bug involves the way the system handles QuickTime files , a format developed by Apple .
Although there 's no Quicktime fix available yet , users can download a tool to work around the problem .
This tool prevents computers automatically playing QuickTime movies ( and potentially opening a computer up to hackers ) .
Link :
http://support.microsoft.com/kb/971778
While using this tool , users wo n't be able to play QuickTime movies on webpages , and will need to either find a different format where available , or download the QuickTime video to their computer and watch in a standalone player .
( Source : zdnet.com )
Stunned by the spread of medical marijuana dispensaries in Los Angeles , the City Council moved Tuesday to close a loophole that had encouraged their rapid growth .
The council also rejected a dozen applications from dispensaries that sought permission to operate despite the city ’s moratorium and prepared to extend the ban for six months beyond its expiration in September .
And a council committee unveiled a revamped proposal for a comprehensive ordinance to replace the moratorium .
“ We know that time is passing .
We ’ll close the loopholes , plug these floodgates , ” said Councilman Ed Reyes , who leads the committee that oversees medical marijuana .
Advertisement
When the city adopted the moratorium in 2007 , it allowed 186 dispensaries to stay open .
Now there are 600 or more .
On Tuesday , council members labored for eight hours to reassert authority over a situation they said was out of control .
The marathon session came months after city officials learned that dispensaries were violating the moratorium with impunity .
The moratorium included a provision that allowed dispensaries to file hardship exemption applications with the council .
The city attorney ’s office had declined to take legal action to shut down any dispensaries with pending exemption requests .
And the City Council had failed to act on them until Tuesday .
About 550 applications for exemptions have been filed .
Advertisement
The council voted to stop accepting applications , although it will be at least a week before that change takes effect .
The move was proposed by Councilman Jose Huizar , who complained that people were “ putting up these fly - by - night operations knowing full well they could make a quick buck while they can operate under this loophole . ”
The council rejected nine exemption applications without a hearing when their owners did not show up .
Three dispensaries argued their cases , including L.A. Collective in Atwater Village .
That store drew particular attention because it filed one of five exemption requests for locations on Glendale Boulevard in Atwater , although only three of the stores are known to be open .
Advertisement
“ People feel under siege , ” said Council President Eric Garcetti , whose district includes the neighborhood .
In an interview at his dispensary , Edward Hovnanyan , one of the owners of L.A. Collective , expressed dismay that the council had targeted his store .
He said that it was the first to open on Glendale Boulevard and that he has worked closely with city officials on his renovation .
The shop has new floors and walls .
A display case holds 20 jars filled with dusky green buds .
“ I spent so much money , so much time , now I ’m facing maybe being shut down , ” he said .
“ If something ’s wrong , something ’s not right , why did government not stop me ? ”
L.A. Collective also drew attention because it is just across the street from a library .
Under the new draft ordinance dispensaries would not be permitted within 1,000 feet of places where children gather .
Advertisement
The council spent a year struggling with an earlier ordinance drafted by the city attorney ’s office .
Council members complained it would shutter most dispensaries and finally abandoned it .
“ We got stuck there for a while , ” Reyes said .
“ We just broke out of it . ”
Reyes cautioned that it could still be months before an ordinance is approved .
Meanwhile , he said the council will try to plow through the exemption applications .
Advertisement
“ We are at a pivotal point given the rash of establishments that have created a negative impact in our communities , ” Reyes said .
“ So we are going to have to roll up our sleeves and take up a number of these hardship cases . ”
--
john.hoeffel@latimes.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The trial of a Sudanese woman charged with wearing " indecent " clothing has been adjourned , but will continue after she decided to waive her immunity .
A Khartoum judge told Lubna Ahmed Hussein she could have immunity because she works for the UN .
But Ms Hussein , who claims she was arrested for wearing trousers , said she wanted carry on with the trial because she wanted to get the law changed .
Under Sudanese law she could face 40 lashes if she is found guilty .
" I wish to resign from the UN , I wish this court case to continue , " she told a packed courtroom .
The woman - a journalist who works for the UN mission in Sudan - had invited journalists and observers to the trial .
She was arrested in a restaurant in the capital with other women earlier this month for wearing " indecent " clothing .
' Unconstitutional law '
She said 10 of the women arrested with her , including non-Muslims , each received 10 lashes and a fine .
Ms Hussein and two other women asked for a lawyer , delaying their trials .
She says she has done nothing wrong under Sharia law , but could fall foul of a paragraph in Sudanese criminal law which forbids indecent clothing .
" I want to change this law , because hitting is not human , and also it does not match with Sharia law , " she told the BBC .
The BBC's James Copnall in Khartoum says Ms Hussein is determined to generate as much publicity as she can .
Meanwhile another female journalist who wrote an article supporting Ms Hussein has been charged with defaming the police , which can carry a hefty fine .
Amal Habbani wrote an article for Ajrass Al - Horreya newspaper following the arrests entitled " Lubna , a case of subduing a woman 's body " .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Rick
Ross sold hit albums rapping about selling crack cocaine but a revelation that he once worked as a prison guard threatened to end his career .
Rap artist Rick Ross performs at the 8th annual BMI Urban Awards at the Wilshire theatre in Beverly Hills , California , in this September 4 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Mario Anzuoni / Files
For a rapper cultivating a bad - boy image , a uniform put him on the wrong side of the law .
U.S. rappers often sell songs about drugs and guns based on “ real - life ” stories , but increasingly some of those stories are being exposed as embellishments aimed at helping them build successful careers , experts say .
“ Some of the stories are fabricated and some of it is reality , and what they are doing is mixing the two , ” music executive Devyne Stephens said .
“ When you say you shot and killed somebody and you put it on a CD , nine times out of 10 , you really did n’t shoot and kill anybody . ”
Ross is a bearded , burly Miami rapper who brags of a cash - fueled , drug - boss life .
His real name is William Leonard Roberts II but he takes his stage name from a drug trafficker .
So he was publicly humiliated when pictures surfaced of him last year through The Smoking Gun website looking clean - cut in a correctional officer ’s uniform .
Ross at first denied his past , then admitted it but maintained his drug - dealing tales of the street were true .
His third album , released in April and featuring titles such as “ Rich off Cocaine , ” still sold well .
HUSTLING TO ST .
TROPEZ
Stephens , who has been hailed as an image branding king and has worked with artists including Mary J. Blige , Usher , Sean “ Diddy ” Combs and Nelly , said many rappers mix lines in their songs that are n’t literally true but draw from real experiences or stories they have heard .
He says “ probably 85 per cent ” of rappers embellish stories in songs and calls the current trend “ reality music ” which , like reality television , is something of a misnomer .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Stephens helped groom another successful U.S. rapper , Akon , who has had hits like “ Locked Up ” and “ Ghetto . ”
Akon was ridiculed last year and accused of dramatically enhancing claims of belonging to a car theft ring and having served prison time .
The new crop of rappers want to emulate the success of rappers - turned - moguls like former New York drug dealers Jay - Z and 50 Cent , who both sold albums based on their transformations from street hustling to popping champagne .
“ You formulate that story to make it just as interesting as the Jay - Z story , ” Stephens said , describing an outline of : “ I am a hustler , I came from nothing and turned it into something and now I am on yachts in St. Tropez . ”
Jay - Z , married to superstar Beyonce Knowles , is now one of the world ’s wealthiest musicians , having signed a deal reportedly worth $ 150 million with concert promoter Live Nation .
50 Cent , whose album and film “ Get Rich or Die Tryin ’ ” was based on his past as a crack dealer who was shot nine times , now runs a multimedia empire .
He banked about $ 100 million after taxes when his stake in Glaceau , creator of Vitaminwater , was sold to Coca - Cola , Forbes reported .
Both depart from that image at times .
Jay - Z has promoted bicycles with New York ’s Mayor Michael Bloomberg and 50 Cent recently stood alongside entertainer Bette Midler to promote parks and gardens .
“ Image would be people ’s perspective , ” 50 Cent told Reuters when asked what his old fans would think .
“ It might not coincide with what I am doing , but this is who I am . ”
SMART MOVES
Much of the underworld image is obviously real with many rappers arrested for drugs and gun possession , including one of the current top rappers , Lil Wayne , who faces narcotics and weapons possession charges .
Others , like former teenage drug dealer T.I. , reshaped their image when facing prison time .
Atlanta - based T.I. just began serving a one - year sentence for illegally possessing machine guns , but reduced his sentence by warning young people about the dangers of drugs and gangs .
The Grammy Award - winning rapper chronicled his community service on the show “ T.I. ’s Road to Redemption ” on MTV .
He appeared at an anti-gun rally in New York in May with another rapper , Ja Rule , who currently faces gun possession charges .
“ It was savvy ... the best thing for his career at that time , ” Sean Fennessey of hip - hop magazine Vibe said of T.I .
Fans seem to care less if a rapper ’s lyrics are exaggerated as long as the music is good , said Elliott Wilson , founder of RapRadar.com .
Ross ’s last album “ Deeper Than Rap , ” was critically acclaimed and sold 150,000 copies in its first week .
Akon ’s last album , “ Freedom , ” sold hundreds of thousands of copies .
“ I never saw anything like Rick Ross where someone took so many career damaging attacks and it still did not stop his success , ” Wilson said .
Rappers may still criticize each others ’ credibility in songs , but fans know hip hop music has always been part aspiration and part reality , Wilson said .
“ The goal is to succeed with the odds against you , ” Wilson said .
“ It ’s storytelling , it ’s art , so there tends to be exaggerations in it . ”
by
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) is one of the strongest cartels in the history of the world thanks to the fact they control nearly 50 % of the world ’s oil .
Â
That being said , it ’s also one of the most misunderstood groups in the world as well .
What Is OPEC ?
OPEC was founded in 1960 by Iran , Iraq , Kuwait , Saudi Arabia and Venezuela with the intention to “ coordinate and unify the petroleum policies of Member Countries and ensure the stabilization of oil prices in order to secure an efficient , economic and regular supply of petroleum to consumers , a steady income to producers and a fair return on capital to those investing in the petroleum industry . ”
Essentially , OPEC understands that its members have something that the rest of the world wants – oil – and it wants to make sure that each member sets its oil policies in such a way that they are paid fair market value for their resources . Â
However , after learning from previous oil shortages , OPEC has also come to realize that in order to sustain a healthy world wide economy , it must attempt to produce as much oil as possible as cheaply as possible .
Who Is In OPEC ?
OPEC ’s members consist of the following countries :
Algeria
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Kuwait
Libya
Nigeria
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
United Arab Emirates
Venezuela
As of 2005 , these 11 countries combined to produce 41.7 % of the oil consumed around the world , and hold over 2 /3rds of the world ’s oil reserves .
Why Do Many People Look Unfavorably Upon OPEC ?
The biggest reason why many Westerners look unfavorably upon OPEC is because of the oil shortages of the 1970 ’s , one of which was n’t actually the organization ’s fault .
The first shortage came about in 1973 when OPEC members , specifically the Arab members , imposed an oil embargo on the Western world , specifically the United States .
Â
This embargo came about for two reasons :
The West ’s support of Israel during the Yom Kippur War .
The belief that the West was using cheap oil to produce cheap goods and services that were being sold back to developing countries at an incredible markup .
This embargo lasted only five months , but caused the price of oil to increase 400 % , going from $ 3 per barrel to over $ 12 per barrel .
Â
Thanks to the newly created shortage , gas prices skyrocketed and for the first time since World War II , the United States government began to ration the amount of oil available for public consumption .
The second shortage came about during the Iranian Revolution in 1979 when Ayatollah Khomeini seized control of Iran .
Â
During this time Iran drastically reduced its oil exports , which coupled with the geopolitical tension the revolution caused , forced an already unstable oil market to shoot through the roof .
In OPEC ’s defense , because of Iran ’s decision to cut oil production , many members of OPEC actually increased their oil production , even though it ultimately did n’t help bring down world wide prices .
For the second time in less than five years , the United States was forced to ration oil and gasoline .
Â
And , thanks to the fact the price of oil had increased over 1,000 % in the span of six years , a world wide economic recession certainly did n’t make OPEC many friends .
Where Is OPEC Headed ?
Despite losing much of it ’s price setting power , as illustrated by the price of oil continuing to decline despite statements from OPEC that it would consider cutting oil production in order to protect $ 60 per barrel , the organization is still one of the most notorious and closely scrutinized organizations in the world .
But , with world wide demand for oil expected to increase twofold over the next decade , OPEC ’s return to “ oil pricing power ” seems almost eminent .
Couple the increase in demand with an unstable Iranian government , continued war in the Middle East and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez ’s dislike of America , and there ’s really no telling where OPEC , and the price of the oil it controls , will go in the future .
Ottawa has played host to many digital economy - type conferences over the years .
Many have the same feel with pretty much the same people saying pretty much the same thing .
Yesterday 's conference titled Canada 's Digital Economy : Moving Forward was different .
The primary reason was leadership ( the noteworthy impact of Twitter on the proceedings and Terry Matthews ' warning against mimicking the U.S. on copyright which he said " has become so extreme that it inhibits creativity and innovation " rank a close behind ) .
Both Industry Minister Tony Clement and Canadian Heritage James
Moore left no doubt that they get it and are determined to craft laws and policies that look ahead rather than behind .
Clement closed the conference by noting how much has changed in the year since Bill C - 61 was introduced .
Clement said that it was " at least a somewhat different " public policy environment and committed to a copyright consultation this summer :
Moore was even more forceful with remarks that I doubt that we have ever heard from a Canadian Heritage Minister , who provided an inspirational talk on the potential of new technologies .
He closes with :
The old way of doing things is over .
These things are all now one .
And it 's great .
And it 's never been better .
And we need to be enthusiastic and embrace these things .
I point out the average age of a member of parliament because do n't assume that those who are making the decisions and who are driving the debate understand all the dynamics that are at play here .
Do n't assume that everybody understands the opportunities that are at play here and how great this can be for Canada .
Tony is doing his job and I 'm going to do my job and be a cheerleader and push this and to fight for the right balance as we go forward .
The opportunities are unbelievable and unparalleled in human history .
Last year 's experience with Bill C - 61 left thousands of Canadians deeply disappointed with government on copyright policy .
Yesterday 's remarks signal an important shift with both Clement and Moore clearly committed to more open consultation and to the development of a balanced copyright bill that better reflects the real - world realities of new technologies , innovation , new creators , and the reasonable expectations of Canadian consumers .
Insurers Underpaid ‘ Billions ’ In Health Claims
The Senate Commerce Committee has found that a flawed payment database produced by a UnitedHealth subsidiary and distributed to other major insurance companies has led insurers to underpay millions of out - of - network claims , forcing patients to make up the difference of health care providers ' fees , the Wall Street Journal reports .
Aetna , Cigna , WellPoint , and other large insurers used the data to calculate their " reasonable and customary " charges .
They also provided UnitedHealth 's subsidiary , Ingenix , with historic data about their payments , which became the foundation of ongoing versions of the flawed payment models .
" A committee aide said those companies sometimes would ' scrub ' the data sent to Ingenix - throwing out outlying high costs .
Ingenix then would use questionable statistical models to come to its own rate estimates , " the Journal reports .
" An Ingenix spokeswoman said the company stands by the integrity of its databases .
The two databases in question by the committee represent less than 2 % of Ingenix 's overall business .
Ingenix also said it does n't set actual rates for health procedures . "
Sen. Jay Rockefeller , D - W.Va. , chairman of the committee , also sits on the Senate Finance Committee which is crafting a health reform proposal .
" He hopes to insert into the health - care bill language creating some type of independent evaluator that can certify that health claims are evaluated properly " ( Johnson , 6/25 ) .
The exact amount of charges deflected to patients remains unknown , but the Associated Press / New York Times reports the number is in the billions , and that two - thirds of the nation 's health insurance industry relied on the flawed payment models .
" UnitedHealth has admitted no wrongdoing in its handling of Ingenix , though it agreed to close the database and help pay for a new one operated by a nonprofit group " ( 6/24 ) .
" The report was part of a multi- pronged assault on the credibility of private insurers by [ Rockefeller ] , " the Washington Post reports .
Wendell Potter , a former public relations executive at Cigna , testified " that the industry 's charm offensive , which is the most visible part of duplicitous and well - financed PR and lobbying campaigns , may well shape reform in a way that benefits Wall Street far more than average Americans " ( Hilzenrath , 6/25 ) .
" Insurers make promises they have no intention of keeping , they flout regulations designed to protect consumers , and they make it nearly impossible to understand - or even to obtain - information we need , " Potter said according to the Hartford Courant .
Now a paid consultant to the Center for Media and Democracy , Potter said was n't testifying because he had a grudge against Cigna , but he had a " growing feeling in recent years ' that the health insurance industry was taking the country in the wrong direction and was directly contributing to the problem of the uninsured and under - insured in the country ' " ( Levick , 6/25 ) .
This is part of the KHN Morning Briefing , a summary of health policy coverage from major news organizations .
Sign up for an email subscription
by ·
The other day I was writing about how to minimize formaldehyde exposure and one the the tips I mentioned was to use houseplants .
After doing some digging it turns out that there are some common houseplants that are wonderful at removing formaldehyde from the air .
NASA ’s study on plants removing Formaldehyde
In one experiment to test common houseplants ’ ability to remove formaldehyde from the air , “ Each plant type was placed in sealed , Plexiglas chambers in which chemicals were injected .
Philodendron , spider plant and the golden pothos were labeled the most effective in removing formaldehyde molecules . ”
( Source : Zone 10 Houseplants that clean the air )
“ We feel that future results will provide an even stronger argument that common indoor landscaping plants can be a very effective part of a system used to provide pollution free homes and work places , ” he concludes .
These are their top 10 plants most effective in removing Formaldehyde , Benzene , and Carbon Monoxide from the air
Bamboo Palm
Chinese Evergreen
English Ivy
Gerbera Daisy
Janet Craig
Marginata
Dracaena Massangeana
Mother - in - Law’s Tongue
Pot Mum
Peace Lily
Warneckii
How many plants do I need ?
According to one site , they recommend using one 6 inch plant per 100 square feet of interior .
For most people I would recommend going a bit above this for areas of the house that you spent extended periods of time ( i.e. the bedroom ) .
Plants really do function just like a natural air freshener , so you might as well have good air where you are breathing it the most !
Comments
The Summer of Riesling 2009 is in full swing at Terroir in New York .
No less than 30 Rieslings by - the - glass and another another 100 by the bottle ( including awesome verticals from Hermann Wiemer and the granddaddy of all Riesling properties , Schloss Johannisberg ) are there for the taking .
Want to get a Riesling Education , Terroir offers 2 ' Drink your homework ' classes at $ 35 a piece ( all inclusive ) .
July 20th , an über focus on the Rieslings of Germany :
" Time together tasting through the Mosel - Saar - Ruwer , the Rheingau , the Pfalz , the Nahe and beyond into the 13 regions of Germany .
All of the sweetness levels will be explored , from the bone - chillingly dry trockens through the Kabinetts , Spätleses , Ausleses and up .
The grape originated in this country and for many , the Germans are the finest practitioners in the art of allowing terroir to sing through the awesome balance of their wines . "
July 27th , Austria ... the Bonnie Prince in the Court of Riesling :
" We tend to lump Austrian wines into the massive camp of Germanic wines but the Rieslings from the Wachau , Kremstal and Kamptal regions all shout with their own voice .
They are bigger , broader and more powerful ; radiating superb mineral expressions , they come to the table not as interlopers but as genuine elites .
As Sean Connery is to James Bond , these wines are to the pedestal of Riesling . "
Both tastings begin at 6:00 pm and finish by 7:15 pm .
For reservations :
Call the restaurant ( 646-602-1300 ) or e-mail Paul at pgrieco@restauranthearth.com and provide a credit card ...
Got to make a stop there before the Riesling fun is over .
SORKHDOZ , Afghanistan ( Reuters ) - Thousands of U.S. Marines stormed deep into Taliban territory in an Afghan valley on Thursday , marking the start of a major new effort by the Obama administration to regain the initiative in the war .
The Marines met little resistance on day one of Operation Khanjar , or Strike of the Sword , to seize almost all the lower Helmand River valley , heartland of the Taliban insurgency and the world ’s biggest opium poppy producing region .
One U.S. Marine was killed and several others were wounded during the day , the Marines said in a statement , adding that they had not received any confirmed reports of civilian casualties or damage to property .
The Taliban vowed that thousands of militants would fight back against the offensive by U.S. forces backed by Afghan and British troops .
The Marines said they anticipated violence would rise in the days ahead .
“ I expect we are going to see enemy pretty soon , ” said Captain Junwei Sun , commander of a unit which moved into the village of Sorkhdoz , where old men crouched in clusters on the road , worrying prayer beads and observing the Marines .
“ You come in pretty heavy , with helicopters and stuff , they do not want to test us .
But I expect once we settle down they will try something , ” Sun said .
“ It ’s always like that .
The calm before the storm .
Then we take care of the storm . ”
U.S. SOLDIER BELIEVED CAPTURED
Also on Thursday , the U.S. military said a soldier had been missing in southeastern Afghanistan since Tuesday , before the operation in Helmand began , and was thought to have been captured by militants .
A Taliban commander , Mullah Sangeen , told Reuters by phone from an undisclosed location the soldier was taken as a patrol walked out of its base in Paktika province and would only be released when the U.S. military freed Taliban fighters .
In swiftly seizing and holding onto so much of the Helmand valley , U.S. commanders hope to accomplish what overstretched NATO troops had failed to achieve over several years , and help secure Afghanistan for an August 20 presidential election .
But launching such a bold operation carries great risk .
A protracted , bloody fight could erode support for the war in the United States , among its NATO allies and Afghans .
Slideshow ( 15 images )
Taliban fighters have had years to reinforce positions among the valley ’s irrigation ditches and canals but U.S. and NATO commanders hope a rapid , decisive victory in Helmand will prove the tipping point of the war .
Violence in the Taliban - led insurgency is at its highest since the militants ’ ouster from power in 2001 .
The operation marks the first big test of Washington ’s new regional strategy to defeat the Taliban and its allies and stabilize Afghanistan .
Slideshow ( 15 images )
In Islamabad , the Pakistan military said it was redeploying some of its border forces to block any Taliban fighters trying to flee the new offensive .
Helmand shares a 200 - km ( 130 mile ) desert border with Pakistan ’s southwestern Baluchistan province .
The offensive came as the commander of foreign forces in Afghanistan , General Stanley McChrystal , held talks in Rawalpindi with Pakistani army chief General Ashfaq Kayani , a Pakistani military official said .
He did not give any details .
TALIBAN STATEMENT
The Taliban said in a statement one of their fighters had been killed and two wounded .
Quoting spokesman Qari Mohammad
Yousuf , it said “ 11 foreign troops were killed and wounded . ”
Britain ’s Ministry of Defense said in a statement two British soldiers were killed in an explosion in central Helmand on Wednesday in a related operation preceding Khanjar .
In southeastern Zabul province , Afghan police killed nine Taliban fighters and discovered a ton of explosives on Wednesday , the Interior Ministry said in a statement .
Waves of helicopters landed Marines in the early morning darkness throughout the valley , a crescent of opium poppy and wheat fields criss - crossed by canals and dotted with mud -brick homes .
Entrenched fighters defied NATO forces there for years .
Marines also dismounted from armored convoys before dawn and fanned out into the fields alongside the river as the sun rose .
About 4,000 Marines surged forward and thousands more were mobilized to assist them in one of the biggest operations by foreign troops in Afghanistan since the 1989 Soviet withdrawal .
The 10,000 Marines in Helmand Province , 8,500 of whom arrived in the past two months , form the biggest wave of an escalation ordered by Obama .
The U.S. president has declared the Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan and neighboring Pakistan to be America ’s main foreign threat .
Large areas of Helmand have been outside government control .
It produces the biggest share of Afghanistan ’s opium crop , which accounts for 90 percent of the world ’s heroin .
The Earth's Core
From the portfolio of Kevin Van Aeist .
( He missed Madagascar . )
I believe by and large that Neapolitan pies — if they can avoid soupiness , as they did at Motorino — are the most appealing .
Yet the pan pizzas at Veloce Pizzeria , which opened in the East Village a month and a half ago , pleased me every bit as much .
Sara Jenkins , the chef who supervises their production , said she is n’t sure whether to call them Sicilian or grandma style .
Whatever their proper tag , these denser , richer , square pies were superb .
The nicely charred crust — with a dough of potato , durum and fine zero - zero flour — was firm enough to support a generous measure of toppings .
Its extra-crisp edges had the salty , zingy flavor and texture of a frico .
And the toppings were first - rate , the mushroom pizza showcasing a bevy of hen - of - the - woods .
Image TOPIC FOR DISCUSSION : CRISPNESS Co. in Chelsea is run by a bread baker .
Credit ... Evan Sung for The New York Times
I believe that firmer , less runny cheese works better most of the time , and yet the Pugliese pie at Motorino , which uses wet - centered burrata , was a masterpiece , the burrata lending the pie an opulence and creaminess .
Crisp crusts , it turns out , are n’t so difficult : most places I visited had mastered that much .
But crusts that are crisp without being dry — that have some give and suppleness — are an altogether trickier matter .
That ’s where Lucali , for example , fell down , though the ratio of mozzarella to tomatoes on its plain pie was faultless , and the tomatoes had a beautiful , round flavor .
Crusts with character and complexity are also rare .
Salvatore of SoHo , a charming restaurant whose flame - throwing coal oven gave its crusts a formidable char , was slightly disappointing on this score .
The crusts were one - dimensional .
And a pie that advertised sausage had precious little of it .
An attractively charred look does n’t mean an appealingly charred taste , as Zero Otto Nove illustrated .
Its pies were lovely to behold — and insipid to eat .
Zero Otto
Nove illustrated , too , that breathtaking ovens and grandly stated goals do n’t guarantee excellence , or even enjoyment .
I got almost no pleasure from the soggy pies at Kesté — including one with sausage that could have come from a Jimmy Dean ’s freezer package — though Kesté , too , introduced itself as many discerning cuts above a run -of - the - mill slice joint .
Indeed , the wave of ostensibly principled pizza restaurants since 2004 has produced a mixed bag .
Along the broad middle stretch of the spectrum , between undistinguished and outstanding , I ’d place L’Asso , in NoLIta ; Tonda , the East Village redo of the restaurant the E.U. ; Toby ’s Public House , in Greenwood Heights , Brooklyn , which has fine tap beers and a pubby warmth ; and Luna Rossa , in Carroll Gardens , whose pies are the best in this little bunch .
July 20 , 2009  --
You can still see the horrifying effects of botched plastic surgery on a woman who says " it 's a nightmare that does n't seem to end . "
But in the case of the woman we 'll call Mary , who asked that her real name not be used to protect her privacy , there is no doctor at fault .
She only has herself to blame .
" It 's very embarrassing that somebody would actually do this , " she admitted .
" Insane , I can't believe I did what I did . "
In search of an inexpensive , do - it yourself version of a silicone injection she had gotten from a doctor to smooth a scar , the Midwestern mother injected her lips and face with silicone she purchased over the Internet .
At first she thought she'd hit the beauty jackpot .
" I actually felt pretty proud of myself .
I thought this is a cheap way to go , it looks good , " she said .
" This one Web site had it for $ 10 for a bottle . "
But within 24 hours those desired results quickly turned into a before and after nightmare .
" By the following day it was just completely inflamed my whole face and the area that you can see in the cheek was very raised and very infected , " she said .
" It expands , it 's like rubber and your own collagen is forming scar tissue around it …it just looked like horrible blisters . "
The silicone procedure was nothing new to Mary .
For nearly $ 1,000 a plastic surgeon had injected it into her face once before to help fade a scar from an accident .
But what he used what medical - grade silicone , and what Mary purchased was n't medical grade and was labeled as a personal lubricant .
" At the time I thought it would be okay , " she said .
" I thought most of it would come out of the face and the lips and very little of it would actually stay in there .
I never dreamt this would happen . "
Mary acknowledged she thought it would be alright to inject herself with silicone because she 'd seen a doctor do it .
" It 's only a select few people who can afford to have this done , " she said , citing the expense of treatments such as Botox and wrinkle fillers like Restylane and Juvederm .
" That 's hundreds of dollars every time you have it done and it's not permanent .
Who can afford that ? "
Recession Results in Costly DIY Procedures
Unfortunately , instead of saving thousands , Mary has ended up with massive medical bills and had to turn to a California plastic surgeon when no doctor in her area could help remove the infected silicone .
" It 's nothing you can just draw out -- it 's something you have to actually go in and surgically cut out , " explained Dr. Steven Williams .
" The body looks at this as almost like an invasion and tries to break down the material and that 's accompanied by inflammation and scar tissue . "
Williams was able to help Mary , but says that " once someone goes down that path they 're never really going to be back to normal . "
He says the current economy is driving people to inexpensive but dangerous do - it - yourself procedures .
In 2008 , a Korean plastic surgery addict who was once a beautiful singer and model could n't afford silicone treatments anymore or find a doctor to treat her after decades of procedures .
Hang Mioku began injecting herself with cooking oil , and the result was disastrous .
Doctors ultimately removed a half pound of oil from her face and neck , but she 'll never be able to regain her original appearance .
In a study published by the U.K. 's Royal College of Psychiatrists , doctors cite other extreme cases associated with a condition called body dysmorphic disorder , a mental illness in which sufferers fixate on a small or imagined flaw with their appearance .
Unable to afford professional treatments , one patient used sandpaper as a form of derm - abrasion to remove scars and lighten his skin .
" We 've had several patients try to remove implants from themselves , try to take off skin lesions themselves all with relatively disastrous consequences , " said Williams .
" They do n't know what they 're injecting , they do n't know the correct techniques , they can have problems ranging from infection injecting into the wrong area damaging vascular structure , damaging neurologic structures . "
Beauty More Than Skin Deep
Williams says affordable at - home kits sold on the Internet are also taking off , from a simple clip that promises a thinner nose to more extreme laser treatments and acid peels .
One user wrote that she " loved the effects " and gets " tons of compliments now , " but another wrote about a very different experience that landed her in the emergency room .
" [ A ] home chemical peel left third - degree burns , which led to a staph infection and several hospitalizations and emergency room visits , " she wrote .
Mary now says buyer beware -- the mere $ 10 she paid for the price of beauty ended up costing her everything .
" The way we look , it 's huge , " she said .
" I am frightened everyday this is not going away and knowing I did it to myself , I should have been happy with the way I looked . "
The most important lesson she learned is that beauty is more than skin deep .
" I have to leave it in God 's hands and realize there are more important things in life than how we all look , " she said .
" I think people get carried away with perfection .
I have to live the rest of my life with this . "
The Austrian School of economics is gaining followers .
Fueling this shift is a belief that mainstream loose - money policies led our current crisis .
While die - hard mainstream economists like Paul Krugman are n’t budging , millions of people are rethinking the role government should play in the economy .
Many of them are looking to the Austrian School for answers .
Public outrage over bailouts and rising debt is widespread .
The outcry has Wall Street and mainstream economists on the defensive .
Banks are so concerned that their leading industry group , SIFMA , just launched a major PR offensive against this “ populist overreaction ” ( yes , that ’s their wording .
Read the Bloomberg piece for more . )
One commenter quipped that the campaign slogan should be Stop Complaining About Getting Fleeced .
The Austrian Answer
Many people are attracted to this school of economic thought because of the fiscal discipline inherent to it .
Responsible spending , low taxes , and small government are major themes .
Austrian advocates like Ron Paul and Lew Rockwell have been fighting inflationary and easy - money policies for decades .
It looks like the crisis they have been warning about has finally arrived .
And reflating the bubble may not work this time .
That ’s not the only reason their popularity is on the rise , though .
Their anti-war stance is popular with the Left , while their small - government policies appeal to fiscally conservative Republicans , who are disillusioned in the wake of Bush ’s reckless deficit spending .
Mises.org Traffic : Evidence of Increasing Interest
The Ludwig Von Mises Institute is Mecca for Austrian and Libertarian Economists ( in the US , at least ) .
The organization , chaired by Lew Rockwell , has a huge collection of material catering to liberty - minded economists .
I contacted their webmaster to see how traffic has been since the crisis started .
Their traffic is up rougly 80 % YoY .
Note the traffic spike in September of last year when Lehman was dying :
A Shift or a Fad ?
It ’s unclear if what we ’re seeing is a major shift in economic thinking , or a temporary blip .
If government can successfully reflate the bubble , interest in Austrian economics will probably fade , as Americans once again get comfortably numb .
Like a drug addict , hitting rock bottom may be necessary before significant change happens .
Whether we have reached that point remains to be seen .
Judging by the shift in consumer spending , Americans are well on their way to a permanent change in lifestyle .
We ’ve never seen a dramatic shift like the one that happened over the past year or so .
Austrian economics may play a major role in policy reform .
Any rational person can see how unsustainable our current path is .
But our political and financial leaders remain convinced that the answer lies in more debt / credit .
This may delay pain for a few more years , but only makes the long - term picture uglier .
A sea-change is inevitable .
Exactly how everything will play out is unknown , but it ’s going to be interesting to watch .
h/t Jesse ’s Cafe for the Greenspan toon
Disclosures :
No positions in any stocks mentioned
" Customers will be able to bid on actual vehicles just like they do in an eBay auction , including the option of choosing a predetermined ' Buy It Now ' price ... we 'll be testing this and other ideas with our dealers over the next few weeks , and hope to expand and build upon them in the coming months ... in all cases , our goal is to make the shopping and buying process as easy as possible for GM customers - on their time and their terms .
Stay tuned . "
As part of its post - bankruptcy rebirth , General Motors plans to " experiment " selling its cars on eBay .
At its press conference this morning , CEO Fritz Henderson let slip to members of the media that the automaker is engaged in talks with online auction site eBay " to revolutionize how people buy cars online . "
According to Henderson , GM has plans to try selling its vehicles online :
Many individual GM dealers already use the auction powerhouse to sell vehicles , so the move is n't completely uncharted territory , but it is n't immediately clear how ( or if ) the automaker plans to integrate its dealer body within this process .
Henderson was quick to reinforce that the company 's plans with eBay are just an experiment , so as the CEO says ... stay tuned .
Bloomberg News ( 7/22 , Van Voris , Rosenkrantz ) reported , " A congressional staff investigation into the biggest U.S. consumer debt - collection arbitrator found ‘ deeply disturbing ’ abuses , U.S. Representative Dennis Kucinich said " yesterday at a hearing before a House subcommittee he chairs .
" A report on the investigation , released yesterday , claims that the National Arbitration Forum , a Minnesota company that handled most consumer debt - collection arbitrations in the U.S. , misled consumers and hid ties to debt - collection firms . "
Said Kucinich , " The debt collection industry and the alternative legal system that has been created around it can no longer be ignored by the federal government . "
The Minneapolis Star Tribune ( 7/22 ) reported , " Minnesota Attorney General Lori Swanson backed federal legislation Wednesday that would protect consumers from ‘ fine print ’ arbitration contracts that forfeit their legal rights against creditors .
‘ Millions of Americans are giving away that right without even knowing it , ’ Swanson told a panel of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . "
Also appearing before the committee was Mike Kelly , CEO of Forthright , " which provides administrative services for the " NAF .
Kelly " defended the company ’s work as a simple and cost - effective alternative to the courts , saying that without access to arbitration , consumers would be the losers . "
I have recently written on the NAF debacle :
Justice For Sale : American Arbitration Association and National Arbitration Forum Rig The System
And consumer advocate Cecelia Prewett has also written on the threat of forced arbitration to consumers :
Groups Encouraged That Consumer Financial Protection Agency Addresses Forced Arbitration – by Cecelia Prewett , American Association of Justice
The AP ( 7/22 , Choi ) reported that Kenneth Clayton of the American Bankers Association testified that " arbitration is a valuable way for consumers and businesses to resolve disputes in a very low cost and fair manner .
Take it away and consumers will suffer . "
But " a study by Public Citizen found that credit card companies track arbitrators ’ rulings and do not enlist the arbitrators who rule against them . "
Click the image to the right to launch the 50 best Food Websites
Leave your comments and suggestions below
IndyBest product reviews are unbiased , independent advice you can trust .
On some occasions , we earn revenue if you click the links and buy the products , but we never allow this to bias our coverage .
The reviews are compiled through a mix of expert opinion and real - world testing .
Promotion
How many of us have cringed when handed the dreadful plastic bag , but found ourselves helpless in its omnipotent presence ?
How many of us have been alarmed at studies that point to the potential damage caused by a single plastic bag , let alone the millions that are consumed everyday ?
How many of us have wished that action groups , corporations , the government – someone would take a stand against this widespread menace of plastic and do something about it ?
Well , it ’s time to stop wishing and start acting !
And here ’s a website and blog that helps you get started .
Less Plastic More Life is a creative effort by Vinod and his friends to spread awareness about the harmful effects of plastic bags .
Ironically , Vinod is a polymer engineer by training , which perhaps gives him greater authority to speak on the subject .
Informative , interesting and effective , the website is not preachy but actually conveys the message in an innovative , easy - to - swallow capsule .
There is a blog linked to the website , that takes us to a highly engaging set of articles , campaigns , posters , news and snippets from around the world that are sure to inspire and help any reader in kicking the plastic and adopting more environment - friendly alternatives .
One of their most effective campaigns has been a poster of a dead cow in a plastic bag ( shown on top ) , which depicts that accepting a plastic bag is as bad as killing a cow .
And with good reason .
An excerpt from an article titled Plastic Bags kill Cows .
Please decide which is more sacred to you on their blog :
Many people have been laughing their heads off at Maneka Gandhi ’s contention that drinking milk can be harmful to health .
They find it ludicrous that milk - which is considered the very epitome of good health across the country - can be hazardous .
Or the gentle cow - revered across the country as a harbinger of prosperity - can bring any harm .
But Maneka ’s submissions are proving to be true , if in a different way .
The Animal Husbandry Department of Uttar Pradesh has come up with an alarming discovery : Milk from cows which have polythene bags clogging their stomachs can cause diseases like tuberculosis and cancer .
Not to mention what happens to the cows .
Promotion
Sprinkled with a generous helping of interesting videos , like the one shown here , the blog makes for good reading .
It also has some wonderful designs for cloth bags , for any NGO or manufacturer who can take the idea forward and make them available to the public .
Vinod has helped in the creation of several other campaigns including some for the World Wildlife Fund and one that encourages people to plant trees by making it simple ( www.treesforfree.org).
You can find some of his work here .
So learn , adopt and implement .
Lead a life less plastic .
It ’s not as tough as you think .
Visit lessplasticmorelife today and be the change you wish to see .
The only legal husband of serial bigamist Emily Horne was jailed for disposing of the dismembered body of a teenager in Northern Ireland , it can be revealed .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Paul John Rigby — a former Royal Irish Regiment soldier — was convicted for his part in the gruesome murder of Co Tyrone teenager Sylvia Fleming more than a decade ago .
The 17 - year - old , who was three months pregnant , was strangled in April 1998 following a bizarre sex session at the home of her then boyfriend , Stephen Scott .
Her body was cut up with a hacksaw and buried in the foundations of a half - built house at Circular Road in Omagh .
The former care worker ’s body was not discovered until two months after she went missing and she could only be identified by her dental records .
Scott , a part - time firefighter , was handed a life sentence for the gruesome killing , while his friend Paul Rigby , who was 22 and had an address at Johnston Park in Omagh , received a two - and - a - half year jail term followed by two - and - a - half years on probation for helping to dispose of the body .
Miss Fleming ’s family were outraged after 30 - year - old Rigby walked free in 2001 having served just eight - and - a - half months at Magilligan Prison .
It has now emerged that Rigby was the first man to marry serial bride Emily Horne , 30 , who was yesterday handed a 10 - month suspended sentence after admitting bigamy for the fourth time .
Speaking outside Manchester ’s Minshull Street Crown Court yesterday , she said : “ I think next time I should get a divorce . ”
The former infantry soldier wed the ex-glamour model at a ceremony in York in December 1996 — on her 18th birthday .
The couple briefly moved to Northern Ireland before Rigby was posted abroad — and their marriage broke up .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Manchester Crown Court was told that Horne ’s mental state had been affected by the death of her sister when she was 18 and her unhappy marriage to Rigby .
It was claimed the 30 - year - old , who has bipolar disorder , was left psychologically damaged after hearing about his conviction , but had never got their marriage annulled because she did not want to contact him .
Defence lawyer Paul Hodgkinson , said : “ Her decision - making was affected by her mental health .
She is an attention - seeker and a lady with emotional problems , but she has had to put up with a great deal of trauma in her life .
“ She is sorry for what she has done and she is sorry for the pain she has caused to the men and their families . ”
Horne left Paul Rigby for banker Sean Cunningham , whom she married in Leeds in February 1999 .
She then left him for website designer Chris Barrett , and tied the knot again in December 2000 .
West Yorkshire Police became aware of her multiple marriages and cautioned her for two offences of bigamy in 2001 .
But a year later Horne walked down the aisle for a third time — using her porn star name Amileannya Carmichael for her union with rail guard James Matthews — and failed to get her previous marriages annulled .
The police were alerted and she was given a six - month sentence at Ispwich Crown Court in 2004 .
But the time behind bars did not deter her from marriage and Ashley Baker unwittingly became husband number five in September 2007 .
The couple , who had known each other for just four months , wed at Chadderton Register Office near Oldham , Greater Manchester .
But Horne dropped the bombshell about her married status as they headed off on honeymoon .
From The Belfast Telegraph
" I do n't know . "
— Peter Abelard , philosopher , 1079 - 1142
" I 'm bored .
I 'm bored . "
— Gabriele D'Annunzio , writer , 1863-1938
" Pardonnez - moi , monsieur . "
— Marie Antoinette , Queen of France , 1755 - 1793
( Approaching the guillotine , she stepped on her executioner 's foot . )
" People are listening to too much James Taylor . "
— Larry Anton ( one of my college apartment mates )
" Am I dying or is this my birthday ? "
— Lady Nancy Witcher Langhorne Astor , member of British parliament , 1879 - 1964
" Nothing but death . "
— Jane Austen , author , 1775 - 1817
" Codeine . . . bourbon . "
— Tallulah Bankhead , actress , 1903 - 1968
" Oh God , here I go . "
— Max Baer , boxer , 1909 - 1959 ,
" Friends , applaud , the comedy is over . "
— Ludwig van Beethoven , composer , 1770 - 1827
" I should never have switched from Scotch to Martinis . "
— Humphrey Bogart , actor , 1899 - 1957
Scroll down for more .
A LONDON nursing home .
The shape of a figure beneath the sheets .
My grandfather could just about whisper .
He wanted a cigarette and a glass of whiskey .
“ Come up on the bed here , young fella , ” he said , gruffly .
It was 1975 and I was 10 years old and it would be the first  and probably last  time I ’d ever see him .
Gangrene was taking him away .
He reached for the bottle and managed to light a cigarette .
Spittle collected at the edge of his mouth .
He began talking , but most of the details of his life had already begun slipping away .
Long wars , short memories .
Later that afternoon my father and I bid goodbye to my grandfather , boarded a train , then took a night boat back home to Dublin .
Nothing but ferry - whistle and stars and waves .
Three years later , my grandfather died .
He had been , for all intents and purposes , an old drunk who had abandoned his family and lived in exile .
I did not go to the funeral .
I still , to this day , do n’t even know what country my grandfather is buried in , England or Ireland .
Sometimes one story can be enough for anyone : it suffices for a family , or a generation , or even a whole culture  but on occasion there are enormous holes in our histories , and we do n’t know how to fill them .
Two months ago  31 years after my grandfather ’s death 
I got a case of osteomyelitis , a bone infection .
I was admitted to a hospital in New York for a surgical debridement and a high - octane dose of antibiotics .
I got a private room , largely because I ’m middle class and insured , but also because it was an infectious disease .
The double doors clacked when the nurses entered , visitors came and went , but for long stretches of time I listened to the ticking of a Vancomycin drip .
The Withering Watchdog
Our Exposé episode called As Likely As Not is one of our strongest , not least because of how it evolved as we were working on it .
It began as a story about sick U.S. nuclear workers being denied benefits they deserved .
In the course of shooting it became a tragic story about one of those workers passing away before he and his family were fully compensated for his illness .
Then , just as we were finishing the edit , without our ever having planned or imagined it , the story also became about a woman losing her job .
That woman is Laura Frank , an investigative reporter until recently employed by Denver 's Rocky Mountain News .
The Rocky went under on February 27 , 2009 , after having published newspapers in Colorado since 1859 .
Laura Frank 's investigation for the Rocky , DEADLY DENIAL , became the basis for our show .
Now we have commissioned her to do an Exposé original report , and it is a timely one indeed : an investigation into what some are concerned is the imminent demise of investigative journalism itself .
It 's a three - parter , and we 're proud to present it exclusively on our site .
She calls it The Withering Watchdog .
Tom Casciato
Executive Producer
Exposé : America 's Investigative Reports
The Withering Watchdog , Part One
by Laura Frank
On a long , tortuous day in May , Mc Nelly Torres waited for some word .
" I knew it was coming , " said the 41 - year - old reporter .
It was layoff day at the South Florida Sun-Sentinel , one of eight major daily newspapers owned by the bankrupt Tribune Company Torres had watched as the phones began to ring at some colleagues ' desks .
Before the day was over , 30 journalists would be laid off — one of every five in the newsroom .
As the day wore on , Torres had trouble concentrating on work .
She took a walk around the block .
She drank coffee .
She read her Bible in the bathroom .
As she approached her desk around 4 p.m. , a colleague stopped her .
" She said ' Congratulations , ' " Torres recalled .
" ' You 're a finalist for the Green Eyeshade . ' "
Mc Nelly Torres ' reporting has sent crooks to jail and changed laws .
She lost her job at the South Florida Sun-Sentinel in May when one of every five journalists there was laid off .
Torres ' reporting had been recognized before with the prestigious Southeastern journalism award , and other awards , too .
Over the years , her work at five different newspapers had sent crooks to jail and changed laws .
She 'd uncovered bribery on a Texas school board , deception among South Carolina environmental regulators , and failure in Oklahoma homicide investigations .
This time , the judges had selected Torres ' work revealing how high temperatures , high taxes and lack of infrastructure left Floridians paying some of the highest gas prices in the nation .
But the satisfaction Torres felt from the recognition was short - lived .
Half an hour after learning she was a finalist for the award , Torres ' phone rang .
It was the Sun -Sentinel 's human resources manager .
Torres ' job was gone .
" I was able to make a difference in my career , " Torres says now .
" I 'm proud of that . "
Similar scenarios played out at almost every one of the nation 's top 100 newspapers in the past two years .
So far this year , three major daily newspapers — the Rocky Mountain News in Denver , the Seattle Post Intelligencer , and the Tuscon Citizen — have closed and five news companies face default on suffocating debt .
Radio and TV news operations have been gutted , as well .
Researchers are trying to quantify exactly how many investigative reporters have been lost , but clearly the numbers are large .
They include those who , like Torres , might not have carried the title on their business cards , but did the complex , time - consuming work to unravel information for the public good .
In all , more than 25,000 journalists were cut from newsrooms where they were , as Torres put it , making a difference .
Employment at U.S. Daily Newspapers , 1978 -2008
Employment at daily newspapers in the U.S. plummeted last year to 46,700 , the lowest number since 1981 .
But why ?
The story line has been repeated time after time :
The internet is killing mainstream media , sending the Fourth Estate into record - breaking revenue declines .
Online ads garner only a fraction of the dropping print revenue .
When faced with cuts , investigative reporting is often the first target .
Investigative journalism takes more time and more experienced journalists to produce , and it often involves legal battles .
It 's generally the most expensive work the news media undertakes .
But an Exposé original investigation has found there 's more to the story .
The decline in investigative reporting — the in - depth stories that hold the powerful accountable in a democracy — began long before the current economic collapse .
The crisis that has pundits worried about the survival of serious journalism in America began with what the journalism industry did to itself .
Brant Houston led the Investigative Reporters and Editors organization for more than a decade .
His work put him in the newsrooms of almost every major media outlet in the nation .
Houston says he saw the problems starting years ago .
" I was seeing first - hand that places were n't putting their resources in in - depth reporting , or training , or actually doing the things that would have ensured efficiency and quality , " said Houston , now Knight Chair in investigative reporting at the University of Illinois .
" Corporations came and harvested the profits . "
Top Five U.S. Newspaper Companies : Average Operating Income , 1988 - 2008 ( adjusted for inflation )
Twenty years of profit data show that even during last year 's economic collapse , the top five media companies still made more profits , when adjusted for inflation , than they 'd averaged over the past two decades .
Operating income is defined as revenue from business operations after operating expenses are deducted from gross income .
Exposé analyzed the financial records of the five most profitable publicly - traded newspaper companies in America .
Not only was each profitable during last year 's apocalyptic financial collapse — averaging nearly $ 294 million in profits each — but when adjusted for inflation , the profits these media giants made in 2008 were higher than their 20 - year average profits
In other words , even in the worst economy since the Great Depression , these top media companies made more profit than they had on average for the past two decades .
But they 're paying a price for profit , Houston said .
" They 're killing themselves . "
Media companies have been siphoning money from their newsroom budgets to pad profits , which many then leveraged to buy more properties in recent years .
In the current recession , some are finding their financial positions may be too weak to weather the storm .
Investigative stories — with their relatively high costs and potential to turn out to be dead ends — are often among the first things to get the axe .
Much of the concern about investigative reporting has focused on newspapers , whose staff size and format have been traditionally home to the most local , in - depth reporting .
They are the bread and butter of investigative reporting , staffing the daily beat coverage that allows the public to keep an eye on public affairs , and marshaling forces when wrongdoing requires a closer look .
But there are some aspects of investigative reporting the public might not fully realize .
Metro officer who shot attacker returns to duty Grand jury :
No charges vs. Metro officer
Man with knife was shot near Texas Medical Center on May 5
An officer works at the scene of the shooting on May 5 .
One man was killed , and a passerby was injured .
An officer works at the scene of the shooting on May 5 .
One man was killed , and a passerby was injured .
Photo : Mayra Beltran , Chronicle Photo : Mayra Beltran , Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Metro officer who shot attacker returns to duty 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A Metro police officer returned to patrol duty Tuesday , one day after a grand jury declined to indict him in the first fatal shooting of the transit agency ’s history .
Officer R.L. Harrington , 54 , shot and killed a knife - wielding man outside the Texas Medical Center on May 5 .
The shooting occurred on the Rice jogging path after Harrington and another Metro officer tried to subdue the man , who had been suspected of assaulting a light rail passenger earlier that morning .
The Harris County Medical Examiner ’s office identified the man as Corby Bradford , 40 .
Harrington , a 17 - year veteran of the Metro force , is a motorcycle officer who patrols along the Main Street light rail route .
Metro Police Chief Thomas C. Lambert said an internal investigation concluded that Harrington had followed the agency ’s policies .
“ He did what he was trained to do , ” Lambert said .
“ This individual assaulted a passenger on a train , he pulled a knife on a police officer , he was Tased three times and removed the Taser darts from his clothing .
He was brandishing a knife , he was very aggressive and could have harmed the officers and could have harmed a lot of people in the public . ”
Bystander wounded
A bystander , Guadalupe Acosta , 58 , was injured during the incident .
Acosta , a professional nanny , was pushing a toddler in a stroller along the path when a bullet pierced her right shoulder from behind and exited her front right bicep .
Acosta filed a lawsuit last Friday against Metro contending that Harrington negligently discharged his weapon in a crowded area .
Acosta said she has nerve damage and has lost some use of her right arm .
Although she has health insurance , she is already receiving bills for co-payments and has not worked since the shooting .
“ I ’ve had discussion with the president ( of Metro ) about taking care of her medical expenses related to this , ” Lambert said Tuesday .
“ So we ’re prepared to have that conversation when the time comes . ”
Acosta ’s attorney Randall Sorrels said he would consider dropping the lawsuit if Metro paid his client ’s medical bills and compensated her for lost wages .
“ If they want to do the right thing , there is still a chance , ” Sorrels said .
Lawyer criticizes Metro
Sorrels criticized Metro , however , for not releasing more information from the completed investigation by the Houston Police Department .
The transit agency department referred questions about the investigation to HPD ’s homicide department .
The two HPD officers who handled the case could not be reached for comment Tuesday .
Although Metro declined to answer specific questions about the shooting , Chief Lambert said the investigation shows Harrington acted appropriately .
Metro will not change any policies as a result of the incident , he said .
“ The officers escalated the force based upon the circumstances , consistent with their training , consistent with our guidelines .
And we ’re prepared to defend the officer for his action there , ” Lambert said .
carolyn.feibel@chron.com
Supporters of the Afghan law which critics claim legalises marital rape and restricts the rights of women say they will oppose amending the legislation significantly .
" A change in this law will be illegal and against democracy , " said Sayed Abdul Latif Sajadi , a senior Shia cleric in Kabul who played a leading role in drawing up the legislation and pushing it through parliament .
" Any change will be against the wishes of four million people . "
In an implied threat , he said that the Shia clergy had so far successfully dissuaded their followers from taking to the streets .
" If the government understands the sensitivity of this they will not touch it . "
The Shia Family Law , which has been denounced inside and outside Afghanistan , applies only to the four million Afghans who are Shia .
It is the first time in predominantly Sunni Muslim Afghanistan that the Shia , mostly members of the long - oppressed Hazara ethnic group , have had their rights legally defined and recognised .
" Those Afghans who protest against the law just want to make the West happy , " says Mohammed Sarwar Jahadi , a former prisoner of the Taliban and an MP for the Hazara heartland of Bamyan province in central Afghanistan .
He said the law was discussed in parliament over a two - and - a - half - year period and was whittled down from 750 to 249 articles .
" During that time we did n't hear a single protest . "
He asserts that it was only after foreign leaders like Barack Obama had come out against it that it became a political issue in Afghanistan .
Mr Jahadi is more open to amendments than the Shia clergy , but does not think there is much wrong with the law already passed .
" I do n't accept that it is a violation of human rights , " he said , claiming that the law 's provisions had been misreported and were yet to be published in their final version .
Mr Sayed Sajadi , a Hazara , said the strength of protests against the law surprised him .
" It was unexpected because already 99 per cent of Afghan women only leave the house with their husband 's permission . "
The Taliban are likely to be pleased by the outcry over the new law because it will make it more difficult for the US , the UK and the Nato powers to demonise them as the sole proponents of the subjugation of women in Afghanistan .
They have burned girls ' schools , insisted on women wearing the burqa and murdered women 's rights campaigners .
Most pro-government Afghan leaders are unlikely – and often hypocritical – proponents of equality between men and women , since this is against the norms of Afghanistan 's highly conservative and religious society .
The Afghan President Hamid Karzai earlier in the week blithely assured Gordon Brown that the law would be reviewed and amendments introduced .
But he is likely to find this difficult to do in practice , because the Shia community wants legal recognition and the new law , while undoubtedly oppressive to women , largely reflects their actual condition .
Many Afghans say that in any case the relationship between men and women in their country is none of the business of foreign non-Muslim politicians and Nato commanders .
Women protesting against the law were denounced by counter - demonstrators chanting : " Death to the enemies of Islam !
We want Islamic law ! "
The protesters had started their two - mile march to parliament outside the gleaming new Khatimal Nabiyeen mosque , the centre of a recently founded Shia religious university run by Ayatollah Asif Mohseni , the most powerful Shia cleric in Afghanistan , whom the demonstrators see as the main influence behind the new law .
Passed last month , the law says a husband can demand sex with his wife every four days unless she is sick or would be injured by intercourse .
It also regulates when and for what reasons a wife can leave her home alone without her husband 's permission .
Ayatollah Mohseni , while adamantly rejecting changes in the law , has suggested that it does not imply sexual servitude of woman and only means that husband and wife should sleep in the same room every fourth night .
But a translation appears to read that every fourth day a man " can pass the night with his wife , unless it is harmful for either side , or any of them is suffering from any kind of sexual disease .
It is essential for the woman to submit to the man 's sexual desire . "
Source : Independent
Belfast Telegraph
Not for the first time , ' Ade ' has been booked in for a medical at Eastlands ...
Emmanuel Adebayor is set to remove all doubts over his future today , as he undergoes a medical at Manchester City .
Adebayor had seemed minutes away from signing for the Citizens earlier in the week , before expressing last - minute doubts over how the deal would be perceived in his native Togo .
However , according to , those doubts have now been erased , and Adebayor will today undergo a medical at Eastlands , where he is set to earn around £ 130,000 a week .
City will pay Arsenal around £ 25 million for his services , and a work permit has already been granted , meaning the signing can be completed as soon as he passes the medical .
Adebayor is expected to fly out to South Africa to join City on their pre-season tour once the transfer is officially completed .
Apple 's WWDC 2009 liveblog is just a weekend away .
On the menu : Definitely Snow Leopard , new iPhone , new iPhone OS , and maybe even a guest star appearance of Steve Jobs himself .
Here are the latest updates :
1 . The new iPhone
The biggest announcement and biggest question mark is the new version of the iPhone .
A new model is coming for sure , but we do n't know what will be in it .
Advertisement
Update :
We knew that the new iPhone was coming already , but Walter Mossberg — who is well known for having a very tight relation with Apple — strongly suggested that the new hardware is a sure shot next week .
He did it in his Palm Pre review , potentially offsetting the Pre 's current advantages with unrevealed incoming features in the iPhone .
The Financial Times , BGR , and Engadget also say their sources claim that $ 99 iPhones are on the pipeline .
a. External design
Most probably , the new Apple cell will keep its current design .
Since Steve Jobs came to Apple , dramatic industrial design changes have only happened across various generations of gut changes .
Historically , the iMac , the Powerbook / Macbook , or the Mac Pro went through several iterations before experiencing a complete redesign .
It 's too early for the iPhone to change its face dramatically , specially when the current form factor works so well .
And , after all , there are only a few ways to do a touch - screen phone .
The iPhone 3 G 's design is simple , elegant , and works extremely well , so there is no reason to see a big re-design now .
WSJ Confirms New iPhone Hardware ?
Walt Mossberg of the WSJ is known for getting iPhone hardware weeks ahead of time , so did he …
Read more
Advertisement
Other rumors point at something called " the unibody iPhone " , which is a retarded notion at best .
The iPhone is already " unibody . "
It may not be carved out of a single piece of aluminum , but there 's no need for that .
It is a single surface — which is made of plastic to make reception better — and a glass top .
It does n't get any simpler than that .
Update :
There may be sightly different components in the design , as shown in the pages of a Chinese original components wholesaler .
b. Colors
Advertisement
Some people are talking about multiple color versions .
With the iPod mini , nano , and shuffle , color became a way to convert the low - end hardware into fashion accessories .
The iMac also went through that phase , which was later abandoned .
The iPod , however , always stayed either white or black , becoming an icon on its own right .
The iPhone is also a higher - end icon .
Down the line — maybe in a different incarnation , as the iPhone OS product family expands — color will appear .
But for now , looking at Apple 's past history , logic dictates that the iPhone wo n't see the variety of colors that the iPod nano has now .
Update :
The new iPhone may also experience a change of materials , going from shiny to matte .
c. New camera and magnetometer
Advertisement
Whatever minimal design changes come to the iPhone will be dictated by the new hardware .
One of these changes will be an improved camera .
I have no doubt that the iPhone will get this much needed upgrade .
Just looking at the price range and features of other competing smartphones , a better camera is not only a technical - and economically - feasible option for Apple , it is a must have .
They are seriously lagging behind in the photography and video departments , which will be perceived by consumers as a major flaw .
Advertisement
Not only that , but Apple betting heavily on geotagging in their iLife '09 software suite begs for a quality upgrade in their one and only image - acquiring device .
In Apple 's closed ecosystem , the iPhone seems like a potential candidate to be the perfect machine to shoot and record your life on the go .
Expect a better sensor , better lens , and autofocus .
Advertisement
Another must - happen - or - else feature is video recording .
This has been pointed out not only by rumors , but also by hints left in the Software Development Kit .
More importantly , however , is that video recording is present every single cellphone out there .
Apple can't afford not having video recording in the iPhone for an entire year .
Not when an army of Android phones with this capability is going to be launching in 2009 and 2010 .
Update :
We can say — with 99 % certainty — that the new iPhone will have a magnetometer and camera autofocus , according to the screenshots that show these components in action .
These new features can only be enabled in the iPhone OS 3.0 software by using the actual hardware — the current iPhone camera can't do autofocus and it does n't have a magnetometer .
The images — which confirm previous sightings — also confirm that the new iPhone will also have video recording .
d. Videoconferencing
Advertisement
Update :
There also has been some speculation about a front - facing videochat camera , but given AT&T current bandwidth problems , I doubt it , but I hope that this one is true .
Maybe the 20 M bps AT&T 3G network will finally materialize for this .
e. Processor and storage
Advertisement
Speed and memory will be the other two pilars for the new next - generation iPhone .
Both are logical , specially the increase in storage capacity and RAM for applications .
As the iPhone OS market booms , bigger , more powerful applications and games will come in .
Increased RAM will be a must for these apps .
The increase in storage — specially as video recording becomes an official feature and the megapixel count increases for photography — is also a given .
Advertisement
A faster processor will also happen .
Speed is often cited as the most important of iPhone 's problems .
Not because the current competition is faster — which it is n't — but because people want to access their applications instantly , not to talk about typing without any bloody delays when background tasks kick in .
Faster chips — both the CPU and the multimedia processor — will make the next - generation iPhone fly .
Not only that :
They will be needed to guarantee more powerful applications , needed to support Apple 's push on the gaming front and the new video capabilities .
f. Other features
Do n't expect any magic hardware features , however — like OLED screen or backlit Apple logos — which just seem the type of thing that random people pull out of nowhere — and with " nowhere " I really mean " their asses . "
2 . The tablet
Advertisement
I always have had high hopes for the fabled Apple tablet .
Heck , I 've had actual dreams about this thing for years , since I got my first Newton Message Pad .
Now , the technology is right to do it but maybe not at the price point that it needs to be successful .
An Apple tablet will basically be a bigger iPhone that will serve as a casual and cheap computing device , confronting the netbook market with a nimbler , less cramped , and not - fugly device .
Since we are consuming information most of the time , an iPhone OS - based tablet is something that could work better than netbooks — in fact , it seems that even works better for typing — bringing us closer to a new generation of devices that are less cumbersome than desktop - metaphor - oriented computers .
Advertisement
Unfortunately , Star Trek :
The Next Generation 's tablets will probably not come this year , even while WWDC may be the last step before the launch .
At WWDC , Apple will be laying down the software foundations for this device — things like resolution - independent applications that can adapt to different screen sizes , and true multitasking that would allow you to run several applications and widgets concurrently .
Advertisement
So even while Digitimes and the usual wacky sources keep talking about the 10 - inch screen deals between Apple and Wintek , I 'm pessimistic about the tablet coming in San Jose .
That said , I really hope it finally appears .
Even if it is just a pre-announcement — like Apple did with the original iPhone .
That way developers will start coding for the new form factor as soon as possible .
3. Mac OS X
Advertisement
There are other rumors about hardware and software .
The latter area will obviously be dominated by Snow Leopard , the next big release of the Mac OS X operating system .
Snow Leopard may show its new face at WWDC .
In a World Wide Developers Conference , it will be the star , only eclipsed by iPhone OS .
4. New MacBook Pros
Advertisement
As for hardware , rumormongers are talking about new MacBooks with 3G capabilities built - in .
Advertisement
Update :
We have received some photos showing updates for a new MacBook Pro Summer 2009 Unibody , with a flash memory card slot built - in .
However , these are from an unconfirmed source .
5 . Other hardware
There are also rumors about ypdates to the Apple Cinema Displays — moving everything to LED backlighting — and the iPod touch — which also needs to be updated , probably reaching the 64GB mark in the same way the iPhone will be doubling its capacity ( the iPhone has one NAND RAM chip inside for two in the iPod touch ) .
6. Steve Jobs
Advertisement
Just with the new iPhone , an updated iPod touch , and Snow Leopard , WWDC 09 will be a solid show .
One that everyone interested in these technologies should be excited about .
But the thing I 'm really hoping for is not hardware or software .
I wish that , at the end of his presentation , Phil Schiller will pronounce the magic words , the classic " one more thing , " and Steve Jobs would appear on stage , smiling and visibly recovered from his lastest health woes .
That , more than anything else , would be amazingly good news for the tech world .
Advertisement
Update : Reportedly , Steve Jobs has been seen walking healthy through the Cupertino campus .
Yesterday , the WSJ is claiming that he may be join the Apple fest next monday .
We can only hope .
Advertisement
Whatever happens , we will tell you all about it in our Apple 's WWDC 2009 liveblog .
Tune in next Monday at 1:00 PM East / 10:00 AM
Pacific .
[ Apple 's WWDC 2009 liveblog ]
Illustration by S. Kambayashi
FROM a distance Potsdamer Platz looks a bit like its old self .
Once the central hub of Berlin , before it was turned into a rubble - strewn no - man 's - land divided by the Wall , it is now surrounded by shiny new towers .
Get a little closer , however , and it becomes clear that many buildings are just façades painted onto giant hoardings that rise ten stories high between actual office blocks .
This subterfuge makes for a far more pleasant view than that provided by vacant lots .
It also points to an unusual degree of restraint among developers in Europe 's second - largest property market ( by transactions ) .
The commercial - property market in most other parts of the developed world is in deep trouble .
Unlike other property busts , this downturn has not been driven by speculative overbuilding but by investors ' overenthusiasm .
Commercial property was a popular asset class for much of this decade .
Institutional investors who lost a lot of money when the dotcom bubble burst were persuaded that switching from the stockmarket into property would diversify their portfolios and reduce their risk .
Cheap finance was plentiful .
Investors could indulge in a version of the “ carry trade ” — borrowing at a low interest rate to buy buildings and counting on the rental yield and capital growth to more than cover their financing costs .
That strategy looked smart when rents and capital values were rising and vacancy rates were low .
But as cheap financing has dried up and economies have tumbled into recession , investors have become badly exposed .
According to Marcus & Millichap , an estate agent , the office - vacancy rate in Manhattan climbed by more than three percentage points in the first half of the year , to 11.2 % .
As tenants have disappeared , rents have fallen too — by 16 % over the past year , Marcus & Millichap reckons .
Property prices have also been badly hit .
Moody's , a rating agency , estimates that American commercial - property prices dropped by 7.6 % in May alone , leaving them almost 35 % below their peak in October 2007 .
Prices would have gone down even further had not transactions dried to a trickle ( see chart ) .
Owners are loth to sell into a falling market , although some distressed sales are occurring .
All this sounds like a replay of the downturn in the residential - property market , where easy borrowing terms allowed homebuyers to push prices to extreme levels .
To add to the sense of déjà vu , property loans have also been bundled into complex financial instruments , known as commercial mortgage - backed securities ( CMBSs ) .
The riskiest of these , mainly those issued between 2005 and 2007 , are now running into trouble .
Realpoint , a credit - rating agency , says that nearly $ 29 billion of CMBSs , around 3.5 % of the total , have become delinquent ( ie , borrowers have not kept up interest payments ) in the past 12 months .
It thinks the delinquency rate could reach 6 % by the end of the year .
Richard Parkus of Deutsche Bank reckons the default rate could eventually reach 12 % .
Together with bad construction loans , that could push the losses of American banks on commercial property to $ 200 billion - 230 billion .
Many small banks will go under as a result .
European banks are exposed to property , too .
The good news is that the two biggest euro - zone economies , France and Germany , have seen only modest declines in rents and prices .
But one of Italy 's biggest property companies , Risanamento , is fighting to stave off its creditors .
And pain is being felt all around the periphery of the euro area .
In Spain ( see article ) and Ireland vacancies are surging , property prices are plummeting and cranes are standing idle .
Prices are plunging across central and eastern Europe , too , although the volume of transactions remains slim .
Yields in many of these markets were driven down by hopes that they would , in time , converge with those in mature European markets .
Vacancy rates in cities such as Budapest have surged to about 15 % while those in Prague have almost doubled ( to roughly 10 % ) over the past year .
Some of the biggest falls in rents are taking place in Russia .
Rents in Moscow have fallen by 63 % in the 12 months to the end of June although they are still the third - highest in Europe ( after the West End in London , and Paris ) .
With almost one - fifth of office space empty , further falls in rents and prices seem likely .
Asia has not been spared either .
The worst - affected property markets in the region have been financial centres such as Singapore and Hong Kong .
Shrivelling bank balance - sheets have meant shrinking demand for office space , as armies of bankers have lost their jobs .
Singapore 's swankiest business district led the retreat in office rents across the region , shedding more than half between June 2008 and June 2009 , according to Cushman & Wakefield , a consultancy .
Hong Kong was not far behind with a 43 % drop in the same period .
Mumbai ( down by 40 % ) and Shanghai ( 32 % ) were the next hardest hit .
There are some signs that the speed of the downward adjustment is slowing .
In Hong Kong , office rents in the prime central district declined by 20.1 % in the first quarter .
The fall was much more moderate , but still 10.4 % , in the second .
Looking ahead , Singapore seems particularly dicey , because 8.3 m square feet ( 770,000 square metres ) of new office space will be coming into the market by 2013 .
According to CLSA , a broking firm , oversupply will also weigh heavily on office property in China .
Vacancy rates in Shanghai and Beijing could rise to 35 % in 2010 from around 17 % and 22 % respectively today .
A year ago everyone was worried about losses on residential - property loans .
If the latest data are any guide , both American and British house prices may be finding a bottom .
Concerns are now switching to the commercial sector .
History suggests downturns in that market last for years , rather than months .
Almost 20 years have passed since the Japanese property market peaked .
Prices still fell by 4.7 % last year .
Anyone signing up to the scheme is guaranteed a job when their extended leave comes to an end .
They will also have their health care costs covered for the length of their sabbatical .
Arctic sea ice thinned dramatically between the winters of 2004 and 2008 , with thin seasonal ice replacing thick older ice as the dominant type of sea ice for the first time on record , report NASA researchers .
Scientists from NASA and the University of Washington used observations from NASA ’s Ice , Cloud and land Elevation Satellite ( ICESat ) to make the first Arctic Ocean basin - wide estimate of the thickness and volume of sea ice cover .
The researchers found that overall Arctic sea ice thinned about 17.8 centimeters ( 7 inches ) a year , for a total of 67 cm ( 2.2 feet ) over the four winters from 2004 to 2008 .
The total area covered by thick older ice that survives one or more summers ( “ multi - year ice ” ) shrank 42 percent or 1.54 million square kilometers ( 595,000 square miles ) , leaving thinner first - year ice ( “ seasonal ice ” ) as the dominant type of ice in the region .
The share of seasonal ice increased from 38 percent of the Arctic ’s total ice volume in 2003 to 68 percent in 2008 .
Data visualization of Arctic sea ice thickness , as measured by ICESat , shows the decline of the thickest ice ( white , 4 to 5 meters thick ) and increase in thinner ice ( deep blue , 0 to 1 meter ) from 2003 to 2008 .
Credit : NASA Goddard ’s Scientific Visualization Studio
“ Even in years when the overall extent of sea ice remains stable or grows slightly , the thickness and volume of the ice cover is continuing to decline , making the ice more vulnerable to continued shrinkage , ” said Ron Kwok , the senior research scientist at NASA ’s Jet Propulsion laboratory who led the study , which is published today in Geophysical Research - Oceans .
The researchers say changes in the overall thickness and volume of Arctic Ocean sea ice are driven by “ recent warming and anomalies in patterns of sea ice circulation , ” according to a statement from the American Geophysical Union ( AGU ) , which publishes Geophysical Research - Oceans .
“ The near - zero replenishment of the multi - year ice cover , combined with unusual exports of ice out of the Arctic after the summers of 2005 and 2007 , have both played significant roles in the loss of Arctic sea ice volume over the ICESat record , ” Kwok said .
Kwok says measuring sea ice thickness offers a clearer picture than observations of sea ice extent alone .
“ Ice volume allows us to calculate annual ice production and gives us an inventory of the freshwater and total ice mass stored in Arctic sea ice , ” he notes .
“ Our data will help scientists better understand how fast the volume of Arctic ice is decreasing and how soon we might see a nearly ice - free Arctic in the summer . ”
In 2007 study co-author and ICESat Project Scientist Jay Zwally warned that the Arctic could be nearly ice - free by the summer of 2012 .
Melting in the Arctic that year was so extensive ( the lowest Arctic sea ice cover since record - keeping began ) that the fabled Northwest Passage was open to navigation for the first time on record .
Scientists say the Northeast Passage — north of Russia — may soon also be navigable due to disappearing sea ice .
The melting has set off a scramble between Canada , Russia , the U.S. , Denmark , Sweden and Norway which are all seeking to claim rights to the Arctic ’s rich mineral and gas deposits .
Environmentalists are concerned that the loss of summer sea ice could have dramatic implications for wildlife — like polar bear and walrus — that depend on pack ice for feeding .
ICESat measures the distances to the top of the snow cover and to the sea surface .
The difference between the two quantities gives the total “ freeboard ” measurement ; that is , the amount of ice above the water line relative to the local sea level .
Credit : Courtesy of Norbert Untersteiner , University of Washington
This schematic shows the geometric relationship between freeboard ( the amount of ice above the water line ) , snow depth , and ice thickness .
Buoyancy causes a fraction ( about 10 percent ) of sea ice to stick out above the sea surface .
By knowing the density of the ice and applying “ Archimedes ’ Principle ” — an object immersed in a fluid is buoyed up by a force equal to the weight of the fluid displaced by the object — the total thickness of the ice can be calculated .
Credit : Ron Kwok , NASA / JPL
Feline meds delivery
If you ’ve ever tried to give a pill to a cat , you know it ’s not only not fun , it can be downright dangerous .
Dogs will eat anything .
Cats , not so much .
I had a cat that was on medication for years , and every day it was the same struggle to get a pill down her throat .
Now , I have a semi-feral , and very strong , older cat who needs thyroid medication every day .
I would probably have lost a finger or two if I had n’t found these things .
You just fold the pill up into the little pocket , drop it in front of the cat , and it ’s gone , like magic .
Everyone ’s happy , especially the cat .
And you do n’t need the asbestos gloves anymore .
-- Charles Richardson
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Last November , in our “ Top 20 Econudrums , ” we asked whether it was more environmentally friendly to read the paper in print or online .
It ’s a question with a surprising answer :
As it turns out , it ’s often greener to read dead trees .
This is true largely because of the giant environmental impact of servers .
But thanks to some techies in Zurich , that could change soon .
Here ’s a little background : Server farms — also known as data centers — are the enormous housing facilities that make the internet possible .
A single Google data center , in Oregon consumes as much energy as a city of 200,000 .
That ’s because servers not only have to be on 24/7 , they need to be kept cool 24/ 7 .
Up to 50 percent of the power they use is just to keep them from melting down .
Overall , the internet is responsible for 2 % of global carbon emissions , about the same as the aviation industry .
And as the internet becomes increasingly prevalent in China and India , well , that means a whole lot more Xiaonei pages and Orkut accounts that will need hosting .
So it is good news , nay , great news , that the IBM lab in Zurich has developed a new cooling technology by attaching teeny - weeny water pipes to the surface of each computer chip in a server .
Water is piped within microns of the chip to cool it down , then the waste water is piped out hot enough to make a cup of Ramen , heat a building , or keep a swimming pool warm .
The new cooling system will reduce the carbon footprint of servers by 85 percent and the energy use by 40 percent .
If this technology were in MoJo ‘s office we could ditch the electric tea kettle and just go to the server closet to steep our chai .
Check out a video of the technology after the break .
A Reserve Bank report into banks ' interest margins has found that they have grown during the global financial crisis .
Australian banks increased their interest margin ( the gap between the rate they borrow for and the rate they lend at ) by an average of 9 basis points ( 0.09 percentage points ) during the peak of the global financial crisis in the six months to March this year .
Interest margins are a major source of bank profits , and the margin rise helps explain why Australian banks have limited profit declines in the face of large bad debt write - offs .
Banks picked up an additional 5 basis points in the six months prior to that , bringing their current average margin to 2.27 per cent , which the Reserve Bank says is " a little above the level before the onset of the financial market turbulence in mid-2007 . "
Home buyers , savers relative winners
However , despite the bad press about the major banks not passing on cuts in the official interest rate to their variable home loans , people purchasing property with variable loans have been slight winners over the past six months .
The report finds that banks have reduced variable interest rates by an average 385 basis points since September 2008 , while their funding costs only decreased by 330 basis points .
But those with fixed loans have not seen the benefit of historically low interest rates , meaning that the average interest rate on outstanding home loans has only fallen by 290 basis points - less than the decrease in the banks ' funding costs so that , overall , the banks still come out absolute winners .
Aside from variable home loans , customers with deposits have also been relative winners because the interest rates they are receiving have not been cut by as much as the official cash rate reductions .
Average deposit rates have declined 380 basis points since September , and have been held at slightly higher levels due to a shift away from banks getting ' wholesale ' funding from the world financial markets back towards competing to attract household savings .
Small business , credit cards lose
If banks are still growing their margins , but home owners and depositors are not paying for it , the obvious question is , ' who is ?'
The answer contained in the RBA 's report is business and those with personal loans , particularly small businesses and credit card holders .
" Variable interest rates on small business loans have fallen substantially less than housing loan rates ...
Overall , the weighted average cost of small business loans has fallen by 230 basis points since September 2008 , " the report said .
Large businesses fared much better , with rates dropping 350 basis points , which is partly to do with the ratio of fixed to variable loans in that sector , but probably also reflects the fact that small business is a particularly risky investment for banks in a recession .
Credit card holders and those with personal loans have seen the least benefit from the RBA 's cuts , with rates falling a meagre 170 basis points over the last six months - less than half the official cash rate reductions .
Longer - term view
The RBA is at pains to point out in the report that bank margins have fallen substantially over the past 15 years ( from well above 4 per cent , to just above 2 ) , so that the recent rise in margins to 2.27 per cent still leaves them well below historical averages .
It also says that the past decade 's phenomenon of bank interest rates closely tracking the official cash rate is highly unusual historically .
The report attributes some of the banks ' ability to reduce margins to cost - cutting measures and ' economies of scale ' as the major banks grew through the stable financial period of the later 1990s and early 2000s , although some of it may also be attributable to an increased reliance on bank fees to generate profit rather than interest margins .
There is also little doubt that the competitive pressure of non-bank lenders assisted in reducing margins and , therefore , that the demise of many of these lenders and increasing concentration in the banking industry may see the trend of rising bank interest margins continue well past the current economic crisis .
70 Companies Pledge to Avoid GM Sugar Beets
Genetically modified ( GM ) sugar beets have been grown in the United States since 2008 .
These beets were developed to be resistant to Monsanto ’s herbicide Roundup .
Sugar beets are grown primarily for the production of sucrose , and by now , sugar from the GM beets has entered the market .
The safety of GM crops , especially sugar beets is questionable .
Over 70 companies , mainly natural foods ones , have pledged to avoid using sugar from genetically modified sugar beets “ wherever possible . ”
Under the Bush administration , the USDA approved Monsanto ’s GM beet sugar seed without preparing an Environmental Impact Statement ( EIS ) .
In January 2008 , a lawsuit was filed demanding production be halted on GM sugar beets until an EIS was prepared .
Under the Obama administration , things have not changed .
The USDA continues to refuse to issue on EIS on Monsanto ’s sugar beets .
In 2009 , GM sugar beets make up 95 % of all sugar beets grown , according to Beet Sugar Development Foundation .
That ’s just one year after the seed was introduced by Monsanto !
Companies and consumers have responded by creating the Non-GM Beet Sugar Registry .
The companies listed below have subscribed to the following statements :
Our company does not support the introduction of Genetically Modified ( GM ) Sugar from GM sugar beets .
We will seek wherever possible to avoid using GM beet sugar in our products .
We ask the Sugar Beet industry to not introduce GM beet sugar into our food supply .
From Alvarado Street Bakery to Organic Valley , consumers can rest assured these companies will not knowlingly use sugar that originates from GM sugar beets .
Unfortunately , mainstream , large corporations , such as Kraft , have not signed on , so a majority of Americans will still be eating GM sugar beets .
Please follow and like us :
Related
Boys who carry a particular variation of the gene Monoamine oxidase A ( MAOA ) , sometimes called the " warrior gene , " are more likely not only to join gangs but also to be among the most violent members and to use weapons , according to a new study from The Florida State University that is the first to confirm an MAOA link specifically to gangs and guns .
Findings apply only to males .
Girls with the same variant of the MAOA gene seem resistant to its potentially violent effects on gang membership and weapon use .
Led by noted biosocial criminologist Kevin M. Beaver at FSU 's College of Criminology and Criminal Justice , the study sheds new light on the interplay of genetics and environment that produces some of society 's most serious violent offenders .
" While gangs typically have been regarded as a sociological phenomenon , our investigation shows that variants of a specific MAOA gene , known as a ' low - activity 3 - repeat allele , ' play a significant role , " said Beaver , an award - winning researcher who has co-authored more than 50 published papers on the biosocial underpinnings of criminal behavior .
" Previous research has linked low - activity MAOA variants to a wide range of antisocial , even violent , behavior , but our study confirms that these variants can predict gang membership , " he said .
" Moreover , we found that variants of this gene could distinguish gang members who were markedly more likely to behave violently and use weapons from members who were less likely to do either . "
The MAOA gene affects levels of neurotransmitters such as dopamine and serotonin that are related to mood and behavior , and those variants that are related to violence are hereditary .
Some previous studies have found the " warrior gene " to be more prevalent in cultures that are typified by warfare and aggression .
" What 's interesting about the MAOA gene is its location on the X - chromosome , " Beaver said .
" As a result , males , who have one X - chromosome and one Y - chromosome , possess only one copy of this gene , while females , who have two X - chromosomes , carry two .
Thus , if a male has an allele ( variant ) for the MAOA gene that is linked to violence , there is n't another copy to counteract it .
Females , in contrast , have two copies , so even if they have one risk allele , they have another that could compensate for it .
That 's why most MAOA research has focused on males , and probably why the MAOA effect has , for the most part , only been detected in males . "
The new study examined DNA data and lifestyle information drawn from more than 2,500 respondents to the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health .
Beaver and colleagues from Florida State , Iowa State and Saint Louis universities detailed their findings in a paper in the journal Comprehensive Psychiatry .
Jaguar XJ Sedan has been released among much celebration with the singer Jay Leno playing the host for this mega event .
The cloaks of this enticing beauty was revealed among a marveled crowd as the new redesigned sedan set the stage on fire with its awesome aura .
The new XJ will put on sale through United States in December .
The base price will come to be $ 72,500 which would include shipping charges throughout the United States .
The new model will be sold in standard price for both the long wheel based version as well as the shorter normal ones .
The Jaguar holds 5 liter V8 in normal terms as it is a super charged and spirited performer .
This is going to be the iconic Jaguar XJ for 2010 and the performance is said to be really promising enough .
It is going to be a helluva seductive model with lots of new features not acknowledged by the makers of Jaguar before .
Jaguar has proudly announced this current model to be the acme of all types of designs previously explored by the company .
This sedan will give a robust performance with their unique structure coming in perfect yet striking congruency with the lightweight aluminum physic .
It will start at the price of $ 72,500 MSRP and will be available from December through order only .
Source : autoweek
Oman is an Arab country in southwest Asia on the southeast coast of the Arabian Peninsula .
Below are some real photos of huge storm that hit Oman and the consequence of it from June 4th to June 6th in 2009 .
The storm looks merciless and very scary .
Resource : Email
Category : Featured , Headline , Middle East
The reprimand will remain on the GTC Register for two years A Gloucester head teacher who failed to get medical help for a pupil whose leg was broken has been reprimanded for unacceptable professional conduct .
The General Teaching Council ( GTC ) for England heard the case against Rowena Brace of Hope Brook Church of England Primary School Church Road , Longhope .
It heard in 2005 Mrs Brace ate lunch for 10 minutes instead of summoning medical attention for the boy .
Mrs Brace has the right of appeal to the High Court within 28 days .
The hearing was told the head teacher finished her lunch then called the child 's father , who worked nearby , instead of emergency services .
The 11 - year - old was eventually taken to hospital by his father .
The GTC said : " In making the finding we rejected the suggestion the pupil had received medical attention from Mrs Brace .
Mrs Brace 's conduct fell short of the standards expected of a registered teacher and was a breach of the standard of propriety expected of the profession
General Teaching Council statement " By Mrs Brace 's own admission she was not qualified to provide medical care .
With the benefit of hindsight Mrs Brace acknowledges that she should have called for an ambulance . "
The GTC was also asked to look at allegations Mrs Brace behaved inappropriately towards five members of staff .
It upheld one complaint but in the other four cases the council found the facts not proven .
It also examined claims that in the spring term of 2005 she inappropriately allowed some pupils extra time to complete a SATs reading test and that in July 2005 she improperly revised the Foundation Stage Profile results .
The council found against Mrs Brace in both cases .
" We are satisfied that , in relation to the facts found proven , Mrs Brace 's conduct fell short of the standards expected of a registered teacher and was a breach of the standard of propriety expected of the profession .
Accordingly she is guilty of unacceptable professional conduct , " a statement from the council said .
In accordance with the Council 's Regulations , the reprimand will remain on the GTC Register for two years .
Ms Brace was sacked from her post at Hope Brooke in 2007 following complaints from staff and parents .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Still , the ardor of the cool - roof advocates has prompted a bit of a backlash .
Some roofing specialists and architects argue that supporters fail to account for climate differences or the complexities of roof construction .
In cooler climates , they say , reflective roofs can mean higher heating bills .
Scientists acknowledge that the extra heating costs may outweigh the air - conditioning savings in cities like Detroit or Minneapolis .
But for most types of construction , they say , light roofs yield significant net benefits as far north as New York or Chicago .
Although those cities have cold winters , they are heat islands in the summer , with hundreds of thousands of square feet of roof surface absorbing energy .
The physics behind cool roofs is simple .
Solar energy delivers both light and heat , and the heat from sunlight is readily absorbed by dark colors .
( An asphalt roof in New York can rise to 180 degrees on a hot summer day . )
Lighter colors , however , reflect back a sizable fraction of the radiation , helping to keep a building  and , more broadly , the city and Earth  cooler .
They also re-emit some of the heat they absorb .
Image A white roof has helped cool Jon Waldreps Sacramento home .
Credit ... Jim Wilson / The New York Times
Unlike high - technology solutions to reducing energy use , like light - emitting diodes in lamp fixtures , white roofs have a long and humble history .
Houses in hot climates have been whitewashed for centuries .
Before the advent of central air - conditioning in the mid-20th - century , white - and cream - colored houses with reflective tin roofs were the norm in South Florida , for example .
Then central air - conditioning arrived , along with dark roofs whose basic ingredients were often asphalt , tar and bitumen , or asphalt - based shingles .
These materials absorb as much as 90 percent of the sun ’s heat energy  often useful in New England , but less so in Texas .
By contrast , a white roof can absorb as little as 10 percent or 15 percent .
The number of pregnant women and new mothers losing their jobs has shown an " alarming " rise as employers target them for redundancy ahead of childless colleagues , according to an alliance of support groups launched this week .
The Alliance Against Pregnancy Discrimination in the Workplace has identified a sharp increase in women consulting lawyers or calling helplines because their jobs have been terminated during maternity leave or pregnancy .
" It appears that some employers are using the recession as an excuse to break the law on discrimination , " the alliance warnedyesterday .
Campaigners said that the " long - term consequences of job loss as a result of pregnancy or maternity leave jeopardise women 's financial security for their whole lives " .
About 30,000 women are estimated to lose their jobs as a result of pregnancy every year , according to the Equality and Human Rights Commission , but that figure is expected to rise because of the economic downturn .
The government is not collecting data on this kind of discrimination , and it is too early for the tribunals service to have tracked a spike , but campaigners say a wealth of anecdotal evidence suggests there has been a steep increase .
Camilla Palmer , a lawyer specialising in pregnancy and maternity - related discrimination with Leigh Day & Co , said that more people were losing their jobs across the board , but that pregnant women and new mothers appeared to be disproportionately affected .
Cases where women on pregnancy - related leave lost their jobs because whole departments closed were discounted , she said , but the firm was dealing with more calls from new mothers singled out for redundancy .
The increase in calls from women concerned about pregnancy - related unfair dismissal was so steep that the company launched a dedicated helpline last month to offer preliminary advice on employment rights in this area .
Elizabeth Gardiner , parliamentary policy officer at Working Families , a campaign group on work - life balance that is part of the alliance , said women had approached them with more severe examples of discrimination in recent months .
" Employers seem much more willing to flout the law , " she said .
Campaigners are concerned that attitudes towards maternity rights have hardened among many employers whose businesses are struggling in the economic downturn .
The alliance believes that new mothers will be seen as " fair game " for dismissal during the recession , and cites remarks by Sir Alan Sugar as evidence of a new hostility in the business community to enhanced maternity rights .
Sugar said : " We have maternity laws where people are entitled to have too much .
Everything has gone too far . "
Weirdest Currencies In The World
Bored by the same old coin and paper currencies used by most economies ?
You may be surprised by some of the weirdest currencies around the globe .
Recently , interviewed David Doty , a bank executive from Pennsylvania who has been collecting money from around the world for years .
With a massive collection assembled through extensive world travels , Doty prides himself on his stockpile of odd legal tender , some of which are unique to the countries or territories that use them .
So , what has this curre
Bored by the same old coin and paper currencies used by most economies ?
You may be surprised by some of the weirdest currencies around the world .
Recently , CreditCards.com interviewed David Doty , a bank executive from Pennsylvania who has been collecting money from around the globe for years .
With a massive collection assembled through extensive travels , Doty prides himself on his stockpile of odd legal tender , some of which are unique to the countries or territories that use them .
So , what has this currency aficionado found to be the world ’s weirdest dinero ?
Click ahead to find out !
By CreditCards.comPosted 6 June 2009
10 . Wooden bills
Wooden bills may have been rough on the wallet , but they were one of the ingenious ways that Germans devised to rebuild their economy following World War I .
When the war settlement left the German economy in shambles , local townships took to printing " notgeld " ( or " emergency money " ) on everything from wood and aluminum foil to silk linens and playing cards as a local form of payment until the Reichsbank recovered .
" What they realized was that collectors would buy up really odd money for collectio By CreditCards.com
Wooden bills may have been rough on the wallet , but they were one of the ingenious ways that Germans devised to rebuild their economy following World War I .
When the war settlement left the German economy in shambles , local townships took to printing " notgeld " ( or " emergency money " ) on everything from wood and aluminum foil to silk linens and playing cards as a local form of payment until the Reichsbank recovered .
" What they realized was that collectors would buy up really odd money for collections , which essentially took it out of circulation and returned hard currency in its place , " says Doty .
His collection also includes a coin stamped on anthracite coal , a rarity now .
9 . The death penalty dollar
The U.S. dollar has grown into one of the world 's most stable currencies , but such was n't always the case .
In fact , before it could grow in value , it had to rein in counterfeiting .
" When the colonies first started , it was pretty easy to print ; there were a lot of printers , money was n't very sophisticated and there just was n't a lot of anti-counterfeiting , " Doty explains .
" So how to you create artificial scarcity ?
You print on the money , ‘ To counterfeit is death . '
All 13 colonies printed this on By CreditCards.com
The U.S. dollar has grown into one of the world 's most stable currencies , but that was n't always the case .
In fact , before it could grow in value , it had to rein in counterfeiting .
" When the colonies first started , it was pretty easy to print ; there were a lot of printers , money was n't very sophisticated and there just was n't a lot of anti-counterfeiting , " Doty explains .
" So how to you create artificial scarcity ?
You print on the money , ‘ To counterfeit is death . '
All 13 colonies printed this on all of their money , which was eventually replaced by ‘ In God We Trust . '
Before we had ‘ In God We Trust , ' it was actually in the death penalty we trust . "
8. Green stamp money
We normally think of money as fully fungible , meaning it is interchangeable for like value of all goods and services .
But this is by no means universal .
In some cultures , certain currencies can only purchase certain things , such as a bride or raw land .
This Vietnamese bill is one such example .
It operated like the old Green Stamp coupon book .
" Around the edges are a bunch of perforated coupons that you would tear off to buy pieces of clothing ; you would tear one off for a shirt or a pair of pant By CreditCards.com
We normally think of money as fully fungible , meaning it is interchangeable for like value of all goods and services .
But this is by no means universal .
In some cultures , certain currencies can only purchase certain things , such as a bride or raw land .
This Vietnamese bill is one such example .
It operated like the old Green Stamp coupon book .
" Around the edges are a bunch of perforated coupons that you would tear off to buy pieces of clothing ; you would tear one off for a shirt or a pair of pants , " says Doty .
" It literally was denominated in clothing . "
7. Edible currency
Salt is one of the world 's oldest forms of payment .
In fact , the word salary derives from the Latin " salarium , " which was the money paid to Roman soldiers to buy salt .
It was the main form of currency in the Sahara Desert during the Middle Ages , and was used extensively throughout East Africa .
Typically , one would lick a salt block to make sure it was real and break off pieces to make change .
Doty 's block , seen here , is 1,500 years old .
Other incredible , edible currencies include " reng , " a yarn -b By CreditCards.com
Salt is one of the world 's oldest forms of payment .
In fact , the word salary derives from the Latin " salarium , " which was the money paid to Roman soldiers to buy salt .
It was the main form of currency in the Sahara Desert during the Middle Ages , and was used extensively throughout East Africa .
Typically , one would lick a salt block to make sure it was real and break off pieces to make change .
Doty 's block , seen here , is 1,500 years old .
Other incredible , edible currencies include " reng , " a yarn - ball of tumeric spice wrapped in coconut fibers that is used for trade in the Solomon Islands ; cacao ( or chocolate beans ) , widely used throughout Mexico and Central America ; and Parmigiano Reggiano cheese , so highly regarded that it was used both as currency and bank collateral in Italy .
One particularly inedible currency : the poisonous money seeds of Burma .
Which if nothing else proves that money does indeed grow on trees — or at least bushes .
6 . The world 's largest note
Worried about inflation ?
Turns out , nothing beats Hungary circa 1946 , when the country issued the world record denomination , the 100 Million Billion Pengo .
That 's right : 100,000,000,000,000,000,000 Pengos .
It was worth about $ 0.20 U.S. By CreditCards.com
Worried about inflation ?
You 'd have to go to some lengths to beat Hungary circa 1946 , which issued the world record denomination , the 100 Million Billion Pengo .
That 's right : 100,000,000,000,000,000,000 Pengos .
It was worth about 20 cents U.S .
5 . The unlikeliest Kennedy coin
What must the yak - herding descendants of Genghis Kahn have thought when they first encountered the 2007 Mongolian 500 Tugrik coin , flipped it over and discovered President John F. Kennedy on the tails side ?
Much less when they pressed a tiny button on JFK 's chest and heard an actual sound bite from his famous " Ich bin ein Berliner " speech ?
Chances are we 'll never know , since collectors quickly snatched up most of the oddities , which may have been the sole reason for printing them in the first pl By CreditCards.com
What must the yak - herding descendants of Genghis Kahn have thought when they first encountered the 2007 Mongolian 500 Tugrik coin , flipped it over and discovered President John F. Kennedy on the tails side ?
Much less when they pressed a tiny button on JFK 's chest and heard an actual sound bite from his famous " Ich bin ein Berliner " speech ?
Chances are we 'll never know , since collectors quickly snatched up most of the oddities , which may have been the sole reason for printing them in the first place .
Nevertheless , Kennedy is well beloved in Mongolia for launching the Peace Corps .
4 . Off with his head !
The African nation of Zaire , known today as the Democratic Republic of the Congo , does n't have money to burn .
So when the totalitarian regime of Joseph Mobutu was overthrown in 1997 , the new government found itself in a cash crunch until it could design and print new currency .
It 's thrifty solution ?
It took large stacks of 20,000 - zaire notes and simply punched out Mobutu 's image .
By CreditCards.com
The African nation of Zaire , known today as the Democratic Republic of the Congo , does n't have money to burn .
So when the totalitarian regime of Joseph Mobutu was overthrown in 1997 , the new government found itself in a cash crunch until it could design and print new currency .
It 's thrifty solution ?
It took large stacks of 20,000 - zaire notes and simply punched out Mobutu 's image .
3. Squirrel pelts
All apologies to PETA , but in medieval Russia , squirrel pelts were a common currency of exchange .
So common , in fact , that snouts , claws and ears were also used , presumably as change .
Doty speculates that converting squirrels into spending cash may have had an unexpected benefit as well : " During the Black Plague , Russia did n't get hit as hard as everybody else .
By making their currency the squirrel pelt , it may have reduced the number of disease - bearing parasites . "
By CreditCards.com
All apologies to PETA , but in medieval Russia , squirrel pelts were a common currency of exchange .
So common , in fact , that snouts , claws and ears were also used , presumably as change .
Doty speculates that converting squirrels into spending cash may have had an unexpected benefit as well : " During the Black Plague , Russia did n't get hit as hard as everybody else .
By making their currency the squirrel pelt , it may have reduced the number of disease - bearing parasites . "
2 . Holy water dollar
Taking " In God We Trust " one step further , the island nation of Palau issued a silver dollar coin in 2007 with the image of the Virgin Mary and a tiny vial containing holy water from the Grotto at Lourdes , France .
The following year , it issued a second series to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the Apparitions of the Virgin Mary at the Grotto .
The holy water dollar was not the first coin to contain unconventional materials however .
Palau also has issued coins with small pieces of mother of pe By CreditCards.com
Taking " In God We Trust " one step further , the island nation of Palau issued a silver dollar coin in 2007 with the image of the Virgin Mary and a tiny vial containing holy water from the Grotto at Lourdes , France .
The following year , it issued a second series to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the Apparitions of the Virgin Mary at the Grotto .
The holy water dollar was not the first coin to contain unconventional materials however .
Palau also has issued coins with small pieces of mother of pearl and meteorites embedded in them .
The Cook Islands topped that when it commemorated the invention of the television by embedding an actual moving video clip of its inventor , J.L. Baird , within the world 's tiniest flat - screen TV .
1. Rai Stone
On the island of Yap in the Solomon Islands , you 'll find the world 's largest and strangest form of currency : the rai stone .
Forget pocket change : these limestone discs with the hole in the center can run 12 feet in diameter and weight up to eight tons .
Because Yap lacks the proper limestone for rei stones , the villagers would risk their lives to paddle their ocean - going canoes to Palau , where they would carve these behemoths from a mountainside and row them back to the island .
" Part of the value i By CreditCards.com
Why Worry About C# ?
Since we published Richard 's article about Mono last week , some people have been asking us why we 're expressing special concern about free software developers relying on C# and Mono , instead of other languages .
Sun probably has patents that cover Java .
Maybe IBM has patents that cover C compilers .
" Should n't we discourage the use of these too ? " they ask .
It 's true that all software patents are a threat to developers — but that does n't mean that all software patents are equally threatening .
Different companies might have patents that could be used to attack other languages , but if we worried about every patent that could be used against us , we would n't get anything done .
Microsoft 's patents are much more dangerous : it 's the only major software company that has declared itself the enemy of GNU / Linux and stated its intention to attack our community with patents .
If Microsoft designed a patent trap into C# , that is no more than what it said it would do .
The company has been quite clear about its intentions since late 2006 .
At a user conference in November that year , Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said , responding to a question about their patent agreement with Novell :
... the fact that [ GNU / Linux ] uses our patented intellectual property [ sic ] is a problem for our shareholders .
We spend $ 7 billion a year on R&D , our shareholders expect us to protect or license or get economic benefit from our patented innovations .
So how do we somehow get the appropriate economic return for our patented innovation ...?
( Seattle Post - Intellegencer , The Microsoft Blog , " Ballmer on Novell , Linux and patents , " November 16 , 2006 . )
A few days later , an interview with Microsoft President Bob Muglia was published , and he made it clear that they considered C# one of these so - called " patented innovations : "
There is a substantive effort in open source [ sic ] to bring such an implementation of .
Net to market , known as Mono and being driven by Novell , and one of the attributes of the agreement we made with Novell is that the intellectual property [ sic ] associated with that is available to Novell customers .
( eWeek.com , " Microsofts Muglia Talks Longhorn , Novell and Java " , November 17 , 2006 . )
They 've been turning up the heat ever since .
In May 2007 , Microsoft followed all this up by announcing in a Fortune magazine interview that they believed GNU / Linux infringed 235 Microsoft patents .
And recently they made it very clear that these were not idle threats : the company sued TomTom for using the VFAT filesystem implementation in the kernel Linux without buying a license from it .
All of this can't simply be brushed aside .
These are statements and actions made at the highest executive levels of the company .
Using patents to divide and conquer the free software community is a fundamental part of their corporate strategy .
Because of that , C# represents a unique threat to us .
The language was developed inside Microsoft , so it 's likely they have many patents to cover different aspects of its implementation .
That would make free software implementations of C# , like Mono , an easy target for attack .
The Community Promise does nothing to change any of this .
Microsoft had an opportunity to take action and demonstrate that it meant us no harm with C#. Instead , they took meaningless half - measures that leave them with plenty of opportunities to hurt us .
Incomplete Standards
The ECMA 334 and 335 specifications describe the core C# language , including information about standard libraries that must be available in any compliant implementation .
However , there are several libraries that are included with Mono , and commonly used by applications like Tomboy , that are not required by the standard .
And just to be clear , we 're not talking about Windows - specific libraries like ASP.
NET and Windows Forms .
Instead , we 're talking about libraries under the System namespace that provide common functionality programmers expect in modern programming languages : binary object serialization , regular expressions , XPath and XSLT , and more .
Because these libraries are not defined in the ECMA specifications , they are not protected in any way by Microsoft 's Community Promise .
If this were the only problem with the promise , it might be safe to use applications that avoid these libraries , and stick to what 's in the standard .
But even the code that 's covered by the promise is n't completely safe .
Figuring Out What 's Necessary
The Community Promise only extends to claims in Microsoft patents that are necessary to implement the covered specifications .
Judging just by the size of its patent portfolio , it 's likely that Microsoft holds patents which a complete standard implementation probably infringes even if it's not strictly necessary — maybe the patent covers a straightforward speed optimization , or some common way of performing some task .
The Community Promise does n't say anything about these patents , and so Microsoft can still use them to threaten standard implementations .
Moving the Goalposts
Let 's say you 've written an implementation of one of the specifications covered by the Community Promise , and you want to determine whether or not you 'll be sued for infringing a certain Microsoft patent .
The necessity question already makes it difficult enough to figure this out .
But even if you manage it , you should make sure you check again tomorrow , because the Community Promise might not protect you then .
The Community Promise does not give you any rights to exercise the patented claims .
It only says that Microsoft will not sue you over claims in patents that it owns or controls .
If Microsoft sells one of those patents , there 's nothing stopping the buyer from suing everyone who uses the software .
The Solution : A Comprehensive Patent License
If Microsoft genuinely wants to reassure free software users that it does not intend to sue them for using Mono , it should grant the public an irrevocable patent license for all of its patents that Mono actually exercises .
That would neatly avoid all of the existing problems with the Community Promise : it 's broad enough in scope that we do n't have to figure out what 's covered by the specification or strictly necessary to implement it .
And it would still be in force even if Microsoft sold the patents .
This is n't an unreasonable request , either .
GPLv3 requires distributors to provide a similar license when they convey modified versions of covered software , and plenty of companies large and small have had no problem doing that .
Certainly one with Microsoft 's resources should be able to manage this , too .
If they 're unsure how to go about it , they should get in touch with us ; we'd be happy to work with them to make sure it 's satisfactory .
Until that happens , free software developers still should not write software that depends on Mono .
C# implementations can still be attacked by Microsoft 's patents : the Community Promise is designed to give the company several outs if it wants them .
We do n't want to see developers ' hard work lost to the community if we lose the ability to use Mono , and until we eliminate software patents altogether , using another language is the best way to prevent that from happening .
Simona Halep Sets Date To Have Breast Reduction
Updates
June 3/09 – * Alena Schurkova : “ Simona Halep You Can Be A Champion With Big Boobs ”
Total Pro Sports –
Many of us may have thought her previous threat to undergo breast reduction surgery would not fall through .
Maybe she would realize how much those breasts meant to her fans .
Perhaps she would understand that this can be the move that makes or breaks her promising career .
Well the surgery has been booked , and let me be the first to shed a tear during this sad moment in the world of sports .
Reports indicate that the 34DD - sized Romanian tennis star , Simona Halep , has booked herself into a private hospital for surgery in the fall .
When asked about the decision , Simona stated the following : “ This fall I ’ll have a breast reduction operation .
The breasts make me uncomfortable when I play .
It ’s the weight that troubles me – my ability to react quickly . ”
[ TheSun ]
While Simona believes that the reduction will give her less weight to carry around , making it easier for her to win some points , what she may also need to realize is that the loss of her large boob size will likely result in the loss of many fans .
Anna Kournikova did n’t need to be the best tennis player to make millions of dollars from it .
Looks seem to go a lot further in woman ’s tennis these days , but that road may soon close itself for simona halep .
The exact date of the surgery is still unknown , but we here at TPS will continue to keep you posted on that as well as the chosen size and any other information we receive regarding our favorite tennis player , Simona Halep .
[ poll id = ” 28 ″ ]
Start Slide Show
Share This
Just as Moses received the Ten Commandments from Mount Sinai , former Bears Coach Mike Ditka received a new set of commandments for today ’s athlete .
A reading from the First Letter of Ditka to Da Superfans .
Da Coach came down from Mount Prospect with two stone tablets and declared , “ Gang , Papa Bear has called me from on high to give you these Commandments for today ’s athlete .
Woe unto him who does not follow them ! ”
I . Thou shall not put thyself above the game .
The sport got you to where you are today .
Do n’t ever forget it .
Play the game with the childlike enthusiasm and passion that you did when you realized this is what you want to do when you grow up .
Respect the sport and those that came before you .
No one is bigger than the game .
II .
Thou shall not cheat
An entire era of baseball is marred by the dark shadow cast by steroids .
The Patriots near - perfect 2007 season always will have Spygate associated with it ( along with that loss to the Giants when it counted the most ) .
Forget the old saying , “ If you ’re not cheating , you ’re not trying ! ”
III .
Respect thy enemy .
When you score a touchdown , hand the ball to the ref .
If you hit a home run , jog around the bases and do n’t show up the pitcher .
You do n’t need to act like you won the Super Bowl every time you make a tackle , especially when your team is losing .
Act like you ’ve been there before and respect your opponent .
Lose as graciously as you win , LeBron .
IV .
I am the Lord thy God .
Thou shall not “ Make it Rain . ”
The Pacman Jones Commandment .
If you have a rap sheet a mile long , it ’s probably not a great idea to go to a strip club and “ make it rain ” to essentially incite a stripper riot .
Everyone deserves a second chance , but not a third , fourth or fifth chance .
V. Thou shall honor thy fans .
The people who buy the products you endorse , fork over their hard earned cash to see you play and buy your jersey paid for that Mercedes and mansion .
Try to keep that in mind when they ask for an autograph .
VI .
Thou shall not kill .
Same as the real Commandment .
And that goes for animals too , Mr. Vick !
VII .
Thou shall keep it in thy pants .
The Shawn Kemp Commandment .
An untidy personal life can lead to problems in the locker room and on the field .
If you are foolish enough to have Baby Mama ’s across the country , be man enough to take proper care of them .
We do n’t want to see you on an episode of Maury !
VIII .
Thou shall issue sincere apologies .
Everyone is bound to mess up .
When you do , offer a sincere apology .
The phrase “ If what I did / said offended you … ” can not be used .
If you are apologizing , you already offended someone , so no need to qualify it .
Just say , “ I ’m sorry ! ” Be sincere and move on .
IX .
Thou shall not covet thy teammates ’ contract .
If your teammate earns a big payday , good for him .
Go out and earn your contract .
Do n’t take plays off .
Play hard each and every play .
Do n’t forget , you signed on the dotted line .
Live up to and honor your word .
Same goes for college coaches .
X . Thou shall not break the law .
This is the most basic and fundamental of all commandments in case any of the other nine did n’t register .
Do n’t carry a concealed weapon and even more foolishly shoot yourself with it in a club .
Do n’t have a cache of loaded weapons .
Do n’t drink and drive – and that includes a boat .
You make big $ $ ’s – hire a limo or a driver .
Do n’t beat your wife or girlfriend .
Follow the laws that everyone else is expected to obey .
Da Word of Da Coach .
Thanks be to Papa .
Amen
What commandments did I forget ?
Post your commandments in the Comments , so in the Mel Brooks version of this post , there were 15 , ( oops ) no 10 – Ten Commandments .
Follow me on Twitter at http://twitter.com/BearGogglesOn.
There are only four outdoor phone booths left in Manhattan – and they ’re all on West End Avenue .
That ’s it : four .
This one is at 101st Street :
This is at the corner of 100th Street :
This tree - shrouded booth can be found at the corner of 90th Street .
Finally , this is at 66th Street .
And that ’s it .
If you happen to pass by , I seriously advise you to stop in one of these booths while they ’re still around .
Note that someone still cares enough to keep the overhead light in proper working order .
Close the door ( be amazed that they even have doors ) , and you ’ll find yourself in a veritable fishbowl plunked down in the center of Manhattan .
The walls actually keep out a good amount of sound , and it ’s surreal to look out at the world around you with something you do n’t usually get on a busy Manhattan avenue : personal space .
It ’s funny to think how the idea of an enclosed space to have a phone conversation now seems like an incredible luxury .
I have a feeling these are only still around due to a neighborhood advocacy association , and I cannot praise them enough for keeping the phone booth off the extinction list .
This site has tons of pictures of phone booths , both from New York and throughout the world , for anyone interested .
Forgotten - NY has a great article on other rare phone miscellany around the city .
-SCOUT
UPDATE : In case it was n’t clear above , I am referring ONLY to Manhattan outdoor four - walled phone booths .
If it does n’t have a door , it ai n’t a phone booth !
If you enjoyed reading this post , would you consider making a donation to help me make my first movie ?
The goal is $ 50,000 , and to date , 1,728 Scouting NY readers have donated $ 36,348 !
Just $ 5 or $ 10 can make a difference - AND you get this snazzy Scouting NY sticker / magnet as a Thank - You gift !
Click here to donate today !
And hey , if you 've made it this far , why not follow us via RSS , Twitter , Facebook , Instagram , or Tumblr ?
Ice Sculptures of Melting Men
Brazilian artist Nele Azevedo’s Ice Sculptures of Melting Men great artwork is cool … literally !
In this art installation , Nele created hundreds of sitting figures out of ice – the installation lasted till the last one melted in the heat of the day .
Pakistani military intensifies its offensive
By Keith Jones
8 May 2009
Amid reports of a mounting , war - induced humanitarian crisis , Pakistan ’s armed forces intensified their offensive against Pakistani Taliban insurgents in Swat and two adjacent districts in Pakistan ’s Northwest Frontier Province ( NWFP ) Thursday .
The country ’s political and military leaders , meanwhile , made a series of statements vowing that the offensive will continue until the state ’s supremacy has been bloodily reasserted throughout the Pashtun - speaking province .
In a televised address to the nation late Thursday evening , Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said the government would “ eliminate the militants and terrorists . ”
Earlier in the day , army chief General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani told a meeting of corps commanders that the “ present security situation requires that all elements of national power should work in close harmony to fight the menace of terrorism and extremism . ”
The army , Kiyani continued , will “ employ requisite resources to ensure a decisive ascendancy over the militants . ”
Gilani’s and Kayani ’s speeches were aimed at Washington as much as at their respective Pakistani audiences .
President Asif Ali Zardari has faced relentless pressure from the Obama administration , the Pentagon , Congressional leaders and the US media during this week ’s trilateral US - Pakistani - Afghan presidential summit to take more aggressive action to suppress the indigenous Taliban insurgency in Pakistan and root out Afghan Taliban “ safe havens . ”
Tens of thousands of people , most of them impoverished villagers , have been forced to flee for their lives since the Pakistani military , under heavy US pressure , launched its anti-Taliban offensive April 26 .
Using heavy artillery , F - 16 fighter jets , and helicopter gunships , Pakistan ’s armed forces have pummeled suspected Taliban positions in the NWFP districts of Lower Dir , Buner , and , as of this week , the Swat Valley , causing widespread civilian casualties .
According to Thursday ’s Dawn , 35 civilians were killed the previous day “ either in crossfire between troops and militants , ” by army “ artillery fire or for violating [ the government ] curfew in different areas of Swat . ”
As many as half a million people have been displaced by the recent fighting , the International Committee Red Cross warned in a statement yesterday .
These are in addition to the large number — estimates range from 300,000 to 600,000 — who were rendered internal refugees as the result of intermittent military offensives in the adjoining , historically autonomous Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) during the past two years .
Many have fled their homes in Buner , Lower Dir and Swat on foot and have had to travel through difficult mountain passes only to find , when they finally reach towns unaffected by the fighting , that the government has made no provision for them .
A report in Thursday ’s New York Times painted a harrowing picture of thousands of refugees overrunning a hospital in Mardan .
Previously Pakistani authorities have said they will establish six refugee camps to provide for the displaced .
In his national address Gilani committed the grand sum of 1 billion Pakistani rupees ( $ 12.5 million US ) for assistance and rehabilitation for the displaced .
An article posted by the McClatchy Newspapers titled “ Pakistani army flattening villages as it battles Taliban ” points to the Pakistani military ’s indifference to the lives and livelihoods of the poor peasants and herders whom it claims to be liberating from the Taliban .
The article quotes a 45 - year - old villager from Buner as saying , “ We did n’t see any Taliban ; they are up in the mountains , yet the army flattens our villages . ”
Another who was fleeing Buner said 80 of the 400 houses in his village of Kawga had been destroyed .
“ I do n’t think they ’ve killed even one Taliban .
Only ordinary people . ”
An unnamed US official who , according to the McClatchy report , “ closely tracks Pakistan developments ” said the Pakistani military “ is just destroying stuff .
They have zero ability to deliver services . ”
The Obama administration and the US media have sought to excuse the Pakistani military ’s — and it own — responsibility for the humanitarian crisis engulfing the NWFP and FATA by claiming that it lacks advanced counter - insurgency equipment and training .
In reality , the military has an inglorious , decades - long record of robbing the Pakistani people , suppressing their basic democratic rights , and employing brutality against them — all with the support and patronage of the Pentagon and US political elite , which continue to laud it as the Pakistan ’s most professional and effective institution .
As in Afghanistan , where US forces have inflicted large civilian casualties , the violence the Pakistani military has exacted on the Pashtun population has become an important factor fueling the insurgency .
This violence has included the imposition of colonial - style collective punishments on villages and tribes in FATA deemed to be insufficiently supportive of the counter - insurgency war .
The Taliban insurgency within Pakistan has been limited to majority - Pashtun areas .
But its recent spread into the Swat Valley and the Taliban ’s success in making , as even the New York Times has been forced to concede , a certain appeal to the socio-economic grievances of the oppressed peasantry , has sounded alarm bells within sections of the Pakistani elite .
Pakistani commentators have noted parallels between the NFWP and parts of the southern Punjab .
In both places the Pakistani state allowed Islamic fundamentalists to provide education and social services , which it itself refused to provide , and cultivated Islamicist militia , whose foot soldiers were drawn from the poor , as useful instruments of its geo-political strategy .
And both regions are riven by a deep class cleavage between a tiny elite of semi-feudal landlords and an impoverished peasantry .
Washington , which continues to count on Pakistan to serve as the conduit for the vast majority of the arms , oil and food that fuel the Afghan war , has welcomed the current Pakistani military offensive , while making clear that it expects it to be “ sustained ” for the foreseeable future .
In their public appearances at the trilateral summit , Zardari and Obama beamed smiles , but behind the scenes the tensions were palpable .
In the run-up to the summit , Obama and key administration officials had made a series of statements questioning the survivability of Pakistan ’s civilian government , statements that were widely interpreted in both Islamabad and Washington as signaling that the Obama administration and Pentagon were weighing their options as regards Pakistan and might yet again support a military takeover .
In a Capitol Hill appearance Wednesday , Richard Holbrooke , Obama ’s special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan thought it politic to proclaim that the administration would not even discuss a “ Plan B , ” so as not to “ undercut ” Zardari ’s “ legitimacy . ”
According to a report in Thursday ’s New York Times , during Zardari ’s Washington visit Obama administration officials made only fleeting references to what “ privately [ they ] acknowledge is ... most important : how to get the Pakistani government and army to move the country ’s troops from the east , where they are preoccupied with a war with India ... to the west , where the Islamist insurgents are taking one town after another . ”
If the Times is to be believed , the US demands were quite specific .
Pakistan ’s 11th infantry division , now based in Lahore , which lies little more than a dozen miles from the Indian city of Amritsar , was identified by Washington as better deployed in Pakistan ’s northwest .
During the Cold War , when India was aligned with the USSR , the US encouraged Pakistan in its historic rivalry with India .
But to the consternation of the Pakistani elite , Washington has been aggressively courting India for the past decade as a potential geo-political counterweight to China .
Not only did the US recently broker an India - exclusive change in the regime governing world nuclear trade which will allow India to import civilian nuclear technology for the first time in 35 years and thereby to concentrate its indigenous nuclear program on the development of its nuclear arsenal .
With US encouragement , India has emerged as a major prop of the Karzai government in Afghanistan and the country ’s largest trading partner .
From the perspective of the Pakistani elite , the Indo - US strategic partnership , underpinned by US sales of advanced military technology to India , is a grave threat .
It has not passed unnoticed in Islamabad that the Obama administration , in the face of ferocious Indian pressure , put paid , soon after coming to office , to any suggestion it might become involved in resolving the Indo - Pakistani dispute over Kashmir .
Acutely conscious of the economic and political crisis engulfing the Pakistani state , the Indian elite , meanwhile , has taken an increasingly aggressive posture against Islamabad .
In the wake of last November ’s terrorist atrocity in Mumbai , there were repeated threats from New Delhi of a possible cross - border strike into Pakistan .
Washington , for its part , sought to turn the Mumbai attack to its own advantage , pressing restraint on New Delhi , while demanding that Islamabad do its bidding in respect to suppressing the Taliban .
Chrome OS , Google ’s newly announced computer operating system , is coming this autumn and promises to revolutionize netbooks and other underpowered machines .
Essentially , the OS is a small , fast - booting platform whose purpose is to run a browser , and from there all the Google apps and other web services you know and love .
But why bother ?
Your netbook already has a browser and access to Google 's applications .
What could Chrome do for you and your netbook ?
Cost
Netbooks are cheap .
So cheap that a disproportionately large chunk of the cost is made up of a Windows license .
Ever wondered why the Linux versions of netbooks cost around $ 50 less ?
Microsoft tax .
Chrome OS is based on Linux and will , like most Google products , be free , bringing the price of a $ 500 netbook down by 10 percent .
Speed
Windows 7 runs faster than Vista on a netbook .
Scratch that .
Windows 7 runs on a netbook , period .
But Chrome OS is designed to run on low - powered Atom and ARM processors , and web - based applications do n’t require that much horsepower on the client end so it should be faster still .
Better , it will be small .
Google is promising boot times measured in seconds , not minutes , so battery life should also get a boost — it will be possible to cold boot instead of sleeping or hibernating the machine , saving precious juice .
Compatibility
Google says that “ [ Users ] do n’t want to spend hours configuring their computers to work with every new piece of hardware , or have to worry about constant software updates . ”
One of the big problems with using anything but Windows XP on a netbook has been drivers .
Try installing OS X on one if you do n’t believe us , or any version of Linux not specifically designed for your model .
If Google can come up with an OS that can be downloaded , dropped onto any machine and then “ just works , ” we might just have the ultimate portable OS .
Portability
Netbooks are meant for the road .
At home , a bigger computer is almost always better but when traveling , a netbook shines .
Swapping between the two is a pain , though .
With Chrome , you can bet that all of Google ’s service — Gmail , Google Docs , Picasa and so on — will be built - in and have offline access via Google Gears .
If you are a good Google Citizen and use all these services , you ’ll never have to worry about having all your latest data with you , whether you have a net connection or not .
New Applications
With its web services , Google has been slowly duplicating everything that we can do locally on our computers .
Almost .
There are a few things that Google does n’t do yet , most notably a video player and a music jukebox .
Sure , there ’s YouTube , but what happens when you want to watch something other than a skateboarding dog in a blender ?
There are open - source options :
The awesome VLC video player has just reached v1.0 , for example , and the Songbird music player , based on Firefox , can even sync with an iPod .
Both already run on some flavors of Linux .
Google may use these , buy them or even roll its own .
One thing is sure , though : If Google can put out a whole OS that is as clean , fast and focused as its individual web products , the Chrome OS could be a revolution .
A free revolution that could be making Microsoft extremely uncomfortable right now .
Google Announces PC Operating System to Compete with Windows [ Wired - Epicenter ]
Product page [ Google ]
Photo illustration by Charlie Sorrel / Wired.com ; Original photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
See Also :
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
07/28/2009
Perhaps they are the ones devaluing this fight ?
by Jeremy Hooper
It is almost unbelievable that the social conservatives are pinning their marriage inequality hopes on a runner - up in a Donald Trump - produced , non-scholarship , Vegas - based beauty pageant who gave a factually - inaccurate answer about " opposite marriage . "
But it 's not the thing of bad college screenwriting : Anti-equality advocates like Mags Gallagher are seriously still using Carrie Prejean to somehow lend credence to their cause !
This is the cover of the latest National Review :
Can you even imagine if we were doing something similar ?
They would be throwing every term in the book at us , talking about how our supposedly frivolous regard for marriage runs no deeper than the double - sided tape that holds the evening gown in place .
They would undoubtedly question the morality behind our decision to exalt a non-trained , non-political , non-informed on the issues personality onto the national stage as some sort of " expert . "
And while we can't imagine that they 'd disparage Carrie personally ( neither would we ) , they would surely ( and rightfully ) point out the flaws in her argument , both in terms of fact and articulation .
But for the Maggie Gallaghers of the world , an unorthodox star has been born .
And you know what ?
We actually kind of hope that they do keep trying to make her happen .
We think they might be shocked to find how quickly this effect will " carrie " them to the land of socio- politico irrelevancy !
* Read the article : " The Carrie Effect " [ Right Wing Watch ]
Your thoughts
Further evidence that Maggie and her base are , well , base .
Posted by : SammySeattle | Jul 28 , 2009 5:30:56 PM
I finally realized something !!
She is their female " Joe the plumber " .
They both even fit right into conservative 's idea of proper gender roles .
Overall , I like the fact that our opponents choose to use uninformed representatives because the contrast will highlight how correct we are .
Posted by : DanM | Jul 28 , 2009 5:48:12 PM
" Ho the Hummer " ?? maybe ?
Posted by : Dick Mills | Jul 28 , 2009 7:01:58 PM
This is the same magazine that in its early days was sympathetic to racial segregation .
Being on the wrong side of history is a habit for them .
Posted by : Rachel Snyder | Jul 28 , 2009 7:53:46 PM
Seriously , SERIOUSLY , Delusional .
Posted by : Timothy Kincaid | Jul 28 , 2009 9:05:24 PM
How the eff does she get her own effect ?!
Posted by : Really ? | Jul 28 , 2009 9:19:04 PM
T - otally
A - nother
R - etarded
T - rollup
Posted by : Jim | Jul 28 , 2009 9:35:30 PM
For all these people rant about what they claim is God 's law , it 's quite funny that their new spokeswoman is someone who did n't think her God - given beauty was good enough .
Posted by : RainbowPhoenix | Jul 28 , 2009 9:56:50 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Lee Smolin , author of the bestselling science book The Trouble with Physics and a founding member and research physicist at the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Waterloo , Canada , writes exclusively in the June issue of Physics World explaining why theories of cosmology that suggest that our universe is just one of many - the so - called multiverse - and thus perpetuate the notion that time does not exist are flawed .
Smolin explains how theories describing a myriad of possible universes , with less or more dimensions and different kinds of particles and forces , have become increasingly popular in the last few years .
However , through his work with the Brazilian philosopher Roberto Mangabeira Unger , Smolin believes that , despite there being good reasons for the conclusion that we live in a timeless multiverse , those theories , and the concomitant assumption that time is not a fundamental concept , are " profoundly mistaken " .
Smolin points out why a timeless multiverse means that our laws of physics are no longer determinable from experiment and how the connection between fundamental laws , which are unique and applicable universally from first principles , and effective laws , which hold based on what we can actually observe , becomes unclear .
Smolin suggests a new set of principles that he hopes will begin a fresh adventure in science where we have to reconceive the notion of law to apply to a single universe that happens just once .
These principles begin with the assertion that there is only one universe ; that all that is real is real in a moment , as part of a succession of moments ; and that everything that is real in a moment is a process of change leading to the next or future moments .
As he explains , " If there is just one universe , there is no reason for a separation into laws and initial conditions , as we want a law to explain just one history of the one universe . "
If we embrace the idea that there is only one universe and that time is a fundamental property of nature , then this opens up the possibility that the laws of physics evolve with time .
As Smolin writes , " The notion of transcending our time - bound experiences in order to discover truths that hold timelessly is an unrealizable fantasy .
When science succeeds , we do nothing of the sort ; what we physicists really do is discover laws that hold in the universe we experience within time .
This , I would claim , should be enough ; anything beyond that is more a religious urge for transcendence than science . "
Source : Institute of Physics
WHO exactly was the competition in the race to be the most trusted man in America ?
Lyndon Johnson ?
Richard Nixon ?
Not to take anything away from Walter Cronkite , but he beat out Henry Kissinger by only four percentage points when a 1974 Roper poll asked Americans whom they most respected .
The successive blows of Vietnam and Watergate during the Cronkite ’60s and ’ 70s shattered the nation ’s faith in most of its institutions , public and private , and toppled many of the men who led them .
Such was the dearth of trustworthy figures who survived that an unindicted official in a disgraced White House could make the cut .
In death , “ the most trusted man in America ” has been embalmed in that most comforting of American sweeteners  nostalgia  to the point where his finest , and most discomforting , achievements are being sanitized or forgotten .
We ’ve heard much sentimental rumination on the bygone heyday of the “ mainstream media , ” on the cultural fractionalization inflicted by the Internet , and on the lack of any man who could replicate the undisputed moral authority of Uncle Walter .
( Women still need not apply , apparently . )
But the reason to celebrate Cronkite has little to do with any of this and least of all to do with his avuncular television persona .
What matters about Cronkite is that he knew when to stop being reassuring Uncle Walter and to challenge those who betrayed his audience ’s trust .
He had the guts to confront not only those in power but his own bosses .
Given the American press ’s catastrophe of our own day  its failure to unmask and often even to question the White House propaganda campaign that plunged us into Iraq  these attributes are as timely as ever .
I am honoured to be in the timeless city of Cairo , and to be hosted by two remarkable institutions .
For over a thousand years , al - Azhar has stood as a beacon of Islamic learning , and for over a century , Cairo University has been a source of Egypt 's advancement .
Together , you represent the harmony between tradition and progress .
I am grateful for your hospitality , and the hospitality of the people of Egypt .
I am also proud to carry with me the goodwill of the American people , and a greeting of peace from Muslim communities in my country : assalaamu alaykum .
We meet at a time of tension between the United States and Muslims around the world – tension rooted in historical forces that go beyond any current policy debate .
The relationship between Islam and the west includes centuries of co-existence and co-operation , but also conflict and religious wars .
More recently , tension has been fed by colonialism that denied rights and opportunities to many Muslims , and a cold war in which Muslim - majority countries were too often treated as proxies without regard to their own aspirations .
Moreover , the sweeping change brought by modernity and globalisation led many Muslims to view the west as hostile to the traditions of Islam .
Violent extremists have exploited these tensions in a small but potent minority of Muslims .
The attacks of September 11 2001 and the continued efforts of these extremists to engage in violence against civilians has led some in my country to view Islam as inevitably hostile not only to America and western countries , but also to human rights .
This has bred more fear and mistrust .
So long as our relationship is defined by our differences , we will empower those who sow hatred rather than peace , and who promote conflict rather than the co-operation that can help all of our people achieve justice and prosperity .
This cycle of suspicion and discord must end .
I have come here to seek a new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world ; one based upon mutual interest and mutual respect ; and one based upon the truth that America and Islam are not exclusive , and need not be in competition .
Instead , they overlap , and share common principles – principles of justice and progress ; tolerance and the dignity of all human beings .
I do so recognising that change cannot happen overnight .
No single speech can eradicate years of mistrust , nor can I answer in the time that I have all the complex questions that brought us to this point .
But I am convinced that in order to move forward , we must say openly the things we hold in our hearts , and that too often are said only behind closed doors .
There must be a sustained effort to listen to each other ; to learn from each other ; to respect one another ; and to seek common ground .
As the Holy Koran tells us : " Be conscious of God and speak always the truth . "
That is what I will try to do – to speak the truth as best I can , humbled by the task before us , and firm in my belief that the interests we share as human beings are far more powerful than the forces that drive us apart .
Part of this conviction is rooted in my own experience .
I am a Christian , but my father came from a Kenyan family that includes generations of Muslims .
As a boy , I spent several years in Indonesia and heard the call of the azaan [ the Muslim call to prayer ] at the break of dawn and the fall of dusk .
As a young man , I worked in Chicago communities where many found dignity and peace in their Muslim faith .
As a student of history , I also know civilization 's debt to Islam .
It was Islam – at places like al - Azhar University – that carried the light of learning through so many centuries , paving the way for Europe 's Renaissance and Enlightenment .
It was innovation in Muslim communities that developed the order of algebra ; our magnetic compass and tools of navigation ; our mastery of pens and printing ; our understanding of how disease spreads and how it can be healed .
Islamic culture has given us majestic arches and soaring spires ; timeless poetry and cherished music ; elegant calligraphy and places of peaceful contemplation .
And throughout history , Islam has demonstrated through words and deeds the possibilities of religious tolerance and racial equality .
I know , too , that Islam has always been a part of America 's story .
The first nation to recognise my country was Morocco .
In signing the Treaty of Tripoli in 1796 , our second President John Adams wrote : " The United States has in itself no character of enmity against the laws , religion or tranquillity of Muslims . "
And since our founding , American Muslims have enriched the United States .
They have fought in our wars , served in government , stood for civil rights , started businesses , taught at our universities , excelled in our sports arenas , won Nobel prizes , built our tallest building , and lit the Olympic torch .
And when the first Muslim - American was recently elected to Congress , he took the oath to defend our constitution using the same Holy Koran that one of our founding fathers – Thomas Jefferson – kept in his personal library .
So I have known Islam on three continents before coming to the region where it was first revealed .
That experience guides my conviction that partnership between America and Islam must be based on what Islam is , not what it is n't .
And I consider it part of my responsibility as president of the United States to fight against negative stereotypes of Islam wherever they appear .
But that same principle must apply to Muslim perceptions of America .
Just as Muslims do not fit a crude stereotype , America is not the crude stereotype of a self - interested empire .
The United States has been one of the greatest sources of progress that the world has ever known .
We were born out of revolution against an empire .
We were founded upon the ideal that all are created equal , and we have shed blood and struggled for centuries to give meaning to those words – within our borders , and around the world .
We are shaped by every culture , drawn from every end of the Earth , and dedicated to a simple concept : E pluribus unum – " Out of many , one . "
Much has been made of the fact that an African - American with the name Barack Hussein Obama could be elected president .
But my personal story is not so unique .
The dream of opportunity for all people has not come true for everyone in America , but its promise exists for all who come to our shores – that includes nearly 7 million American Muslims in our country today who enjoy incomes and education that are higher than average .
Moreover , freedom in America is indivisible from the freedom to practise one 's religion .
That is why there is a mosque in every state of our union , and over 1,200 mosques within our borders .
That is why the US government has gone to court to protect the right of women and girls to wear the hijab , and to punish those who would deny it .
So let there be no doubt : Islam is a part of America .
And I believe that America holds within her the truth that regardless of race , religion , or station in life , all of us share common aspirations – to live in peace and security ; to get an education and to work with dignity ; to love our families , our communities , and our God .
These things we share .
This is the hope of all humanity .
Of course , recognising our common humanity is only the beginning of our task .
Words alone cannot meet the needs of our people .
These needs will be met only if we act boldly in the years ahead ; and if we understand that the challenges we face are shared , and our failure to meet them will hurt us all .
For we have learned from recent experience that when a financial system weakens in one country , prosperity is hurt everywhere .
When a new flu infects one human being , all are at risk .
When one nation pursues a nuclear weapon , the risk of nuclear attack rises for all nations .
When violent extremists operate in one stretch of mountains , people are endangered across an ocean .
And when innocents in Bosnia and Darfur are slaughtered , that is a stain on our collective conscience .
That is what it means to share this world in the 21st century .
That is the responsibility we have to one another as human beings .
This is a difficult responsibility to embrace .
For human history has often been a record of nations and tribes subjugating one another to serve their own interests .
Yet in this new age , such attitudes are self - defeating .
Given our interdependence , any world order that elevates one nation or group of people over another will inevitably fail .
So whatever we think of the past , we must not be prisoners of it .
Our problems must be dealt with through partnership ; progress must be shared .
That does not mean we should ignore sources of tension .
Indeed , it suggests the opposite : we must face these tensions squarely .
And so in that spirit , let me speak as clearly and plainly as I can about some specific issues that I believe we must finally confront together .
The first issue that we have to confront is violent extremism in all of its forms .
In Ankara , I made clear that America is not – and never will be – at war with Islam .
We will , however , relentlessly confront violent extremists who pose a grave threat to our security .
Because we reject the same thing that people of all faiths reject : the killing of innocent men , women , and children .
And it is my first duty as president to protect the American people .
The situation in Afghanistan demonstrates America 's goals , and our need to work together .
Over seven years ago , the United States pursued al - Qaida and the Taliban with broad international support .
We did not go by choice , we went because of necessity .
I am aware that some question or justify the events of 9/11 .
But let us be clear : al - Qaida killed nearly 3,000 people on that day .
The victims were innocent men , women and children from America and many other nations who had done nothing to harm anybody .
And yet al - Qaida chose to ruthlessly murder these people , claimed credit for the attack , and even now states their determination to kill on a massive scale .
They have affiliates in many countries and are trying to expand their reach .
These are not opinions to be debated ; these are facts to be dealt with .
Make no mistake : we do not want to keep our troops in Afghanistan .
We seek no military bases there .
It is agonising for America to lose our young men and women .
It is costly and politically difficult to continue this conflict .
We would gladly bring every single one of our troops home if we could be confident that there were not violent extremists in Afghanistan and Pakistan determined to kill as many Americans as they possibly can .
But that is not yet the case .
That 's why we 're partnering with a coalition of 46 countries .
And despite the costs involved , America 's commitment will not weaken .
Indeed , none of us should tolerate these extremists .
They have killed in many countries .
They have killed people of different faiths – more than any other , they have killed Muslims .
Their actions are irreconcilable with the rights of human beings , the progress of nations , and with Islam .
The Holy Koran teaches that whoever kills an innocent , it is as if he has killed all mankind ; and whoever saves a person , it is as if he has saved all mankind .
The enduring faith of over a billion people is so much bigger than the narrow hatred of a few .
Islam is not part of the problem in combating violent extremism – it is an important part of promoting peace .
We also know that military power alone is not going to solve the problems in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
That is why we plan to invest $ 1.5 bn ( £ 914 m ) each year over the next five years to partner with Pakistanis to build schools and hospitals , roads and businesses , and hundreds of millions to help those who have been displaced .
And that is why we are providing more than $ 2.8bn to help Afghans develop their economy and deliver services that people depend upon .
Let me also address the issue of Iraq .
Unlike Afghanistan , Iraq was a war of choice that provoked strong differences in my country and around the world .
Although I believe that the Iraqi people are ultimately better off without the tyranny of Saddam Hussein , I also believe that events in Iraq have reminded America of the need to use diplomacy and build international consensus to resolve our problems whenever possible .
Indeed , we can recall the words of Thomas Jefferson , who said : " I hope that our wisdom will grow with our power , and teach us that the less we use our power the greater it will be . "
Today , America has a dual responsibility : to help Iraq forge a better future – and to leave Iraq to Iraqis .
I have made it clear to the Iraqi people that we pursue no bases , and no claim on their territory or resources .
Iraq 's sovereignty is its own .
That is why I ordered the removal of our combat brigades by next August .
That is why we will honour our agreement with Iraq 's democratically elected government to remove combat troops from Iraqi cities by July , and to remove all our troops from Iraq by 2012 .
We will help Iraq train its security forces and develop its economy .
But we will support a secure and united Iraq as a partner , and never as a patron .
And finally , just as America can never tolerate violence by extremists , we must never alter our principles .
9/11 was an enormous trauma to our country .
The fear and anger that it provoked was understandable , but in some cases , it led us to act contrary to our ideals .
We are taking concrete actions to change course .
I have unequivocally prohibited the use of torture by the United States , and I have ordered the prison at Guantánamo Bay closed by early next year .
So America will defend itself , respectful of the sovereignty of nations and the rule of law .
And we will do so in partnership with Muslim communities which are also threatened .
The sooner the extremists are isolated and unwelcome in Muslim communities , the sooner we will all be safer .
The second major source of tension that we need to discuss is the situation between Israelis , Palestinians and the Arab world .
America 's strong bonds with Israel are well known .
This bond is unbreakable .
It is based upon cultural and historical ties , and the recognition that the aspiration for a Jewish homeland is rooted in a tragic history that can not be denied .
Around the world , the Jewish people were persecuted for centuries , and antisemitism in Europe culminated in an unprecedented Holocaust .
Tomorrow , I will visit Buchenwald , which was part of a network of camps where Jews were enslaved , tortured , shot and gassed to death by the Third Reich .
Six million Jews were killed – more than the entire Jewish population of Israel today .
Denying that fact is baseless , ignorant , and hateful .
Threatening Israel with destruction – or repeating vile stereotypes about Jews – is deeply wrong , and only serves to evoke in the minds of Israelis this most painful of memories while preventing the peace that the people of this region deserve .
On the other hand , it is also undeniable that the Palestinian people – Muslims and Christians – have suffered in pursuit of a homeland .
For more than 60 years they have endured the pain of dislocation .
Many wait in refugee camps in the West Bank , Gaza , and neighbouring lands for a life of peace and security that they have never been able to lead .
They endure the daily humiliations – large and small – that come with occupation .
So let there be no doubt : the situation for the Palestinian people is intolerable .
America will not turn our backs on the legitimate Palestinian aspiration for dignity , opportunity , and a state of their own .
For decades , there has been a stalemate : two peoples with legitimate aspirations , each with a painful history that makes compromise elusive .
It is easy to point fingers – for Palestinians to point to the displacement brought by Israel 's founding and for Israelis to point to the constant hostility and attacks throughout its history from within its borders as well as beyond .
But if we see this conflict only from one side or the other , then we will be blind to the truth : the only resolution is for the aspirations of both sides to be met through two states , where Israelis and Palestinians each live in peace and security .
That is in Israel 's interest , Palestine 's interest , America 's interest , and the world 's interest .
That is why I intend to personally pursue this outcome with all the patience that the task requires .
The obligations that the parties have agreed to under the road map are clear .
For peace to come , it is time for them – and all of us – to live up to our responsibilities .
Palestinians must abandon violence .
Resistance through violence and killing is wrong and does not succeed .
For centuries , black people in America suffered the lash of the whip as slaves and the humiliation of segregation .
But it was not violence that won full and equal rights .
It was a peaceful and determined insistence upon the ideals at the centre of America 's founding .
This same story can be told by people from South Africa to South Asia ; from eastern Europe to Indonesia .
It 's a story with a simple truth : that violence is a dead end .
It is a sign of neither courage nor power to shoot rockets at sleeping children , or to blow up old women on a bus .
That is not how moral authority is claimed ; that is how it is surrendered .
Now is the time for Palestinians to focus on what they can build .
The Palestinian Authority must develop its capacity to govern , with institutions that serve the needs of its people .
Hamas does have support among some Palestinians , but they also have responsibilities .
To play a role in fulfilling Palestinian aspirations , and to unify the Palestinian people , Hamas must put an end to violence , recognise past agreements , and recognise Israel 's right to exist .
At the same time , Israelis must acknowledge that just as Israel 's right to exist cannot be denied , neither can Palestine's .
The United States does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements .
This construction violates previous agreements and undermines efforts to achieve peace .
It is time for these settlements to stop .
Israel must also live up to its obligations to ensure that Palestinians can live , and work , and develop their society .
And just as it devastates Palestinian families , the continuing humanitarian crisis in Gaza does not serve Israel 's security ; neither does the continuing lack of opportunity in the West Bank .
Progress in the daily lives of the Palestinian people must be part of a road to peace , and Israel must take concrete steps to enable such progress .
Finally , the Arab states must recognize that the Arab Peace Initiative was an important beginning , but not the end of their responsibilities .
The Arab - Israeli conflict should no longer be used to distract the people of Arab nations from other problems .
Instead , it must be a cause for action to help the Palestinian people develop the institutions that will sustain their state ; to recognise Israel 's legitimacy ; and to choose progress over a self - defeating focus on the past .
America will align our policies with those who pursue peace , and say in public what we say in private to Israelis and Palestinians and Arabs .
We can not impose peace .
But privately , many Muslims recognise that Israel will not go away .
Likewise , many Israelis recognise the need for a Palestinian state .
It is time for us to act on what everyone knows to be true .
Too many tears have flowed .
Too much blood has been shed .
All of us have a responsibility to work for the day when the mothers of Israelis and Palestinians can see their children grow up without fear ; when the Holy Land of three great faiths is the place of peace that God intended it to be ; when Jerusalem is a secure and lasting home for Jews and Christians and Muslims , and a place for all of the children of Abraham to mingle peacefully together as in the story of Isra , when Moses , Jesus , and Mohammed ( peace be upon them ) joined in prayer .
The third source of tension is our shared interest in the rights and responsibilities of nations on nuclear weapons .
This issue has been a source of tension between the United States and the Islamic Republic of Iran .
For many years , Iran has defined itself in part by its opposition to my country , and there is indeed a tumultuous history between us .
In the middle of the cold war , the United States played a role in the overthrow of a democratically elected Iranian government .
Since the Islamic revolution , Iran has played a role in acts of hostage - taking and violence against US troops and civilians .
This history is well known .
Rather than remain trapped in the past , I have made it clear to Iran 's leaders and people that my country is prepared to move forward .
The question , now , is not what Iran is against , but rather what future it wants to build .
It will be hard to overcome decades of mistrust , but we will proceed with courage , rectitude and resolve .
There will be many issues to discuss between our two countries , and we are willing to move forward without preconditions on the basis of mutual respect .
But it is clear to all concerned that when it comes to nuclear weapons , we have reached a decisive point .
This is not simply about America 's interests .
It is about preventing a nuclear arms race in the Middle East that could lead this region and the world down a hugely dangerous path .
I understand those who protest that some countries have weapons that others do not .
No single nation should pick and choose which nations hold nuclear weapons .
That is why I strongly reaffirmed America 's commitment to seek a world in which no nations hold nuclear weapons .
And any nation – including Iran – should have the right to access peaceful nuclear power if it complies with its responsibilities under the nuclear non-proliferation treaty .
That commitment is at the core of the treaty , and it must be kept for all who fully abide by it .
And I am hopeful that all countries in the region can share in this goal .
The fourth issue that I will address is democracy .
I know there has been controversy about the promotion of democracy in recent years , and much of this controversy is connected to the war in Iraq .
So let me be clear : no system of government can or should be imposed upon one nation by any other .
That does not lessen my commitment , however , to governments that reflect the will of the people .
Each nation gives life to this principle in its own way , grounded in the traditions of its own people .
America does not presume to know what is best for everyone , just as we would not presume to pick the outcome of a peaceful election .
But I do have an unyielding belief that all people yearn for certain things : the ability to speak your mind and have a say in how you are governed ; confidence in the rule of law and the equal administration of justice ; government that is transparent and does n't steal from the people ; the freedom to live as you choose .
Those are not just American ideas , they are human rights , and that is why we will support them everywhere .
There is no straight line to realise this promise .
But this much is clear : governments that protect these rights are ultimately more stable , successful and secure .
Suppressing ideas never succeeds in making them go away .
America respects the right of all peaceful and law - abiding voices to be heard around the world , even if we disagree with them .
And we will welcome all elected , peaceful governments – provided they govern with respect for all their people .
This last point is important because there are some who advocate for democracy only when they are out of power ; once in power , they are ruthless in suppressing the rights of others .
No matter where it takes hold , government of the people and by the people sets a single standard for all who hold power : you must maintain your power through consent , not coercion ; you must respect the rights of minorities , and participate with a spirit of tolerance and compromise ; you must place the interests of your people and the legitimate workings of the political process above your party .
Without these ingredients , elections alone do not make true democracy .
The fifth issue that we must address together is religious freedom .
Islam has a proud tradition of tolerance .
We see it in the history of Andalusia and Cordoba during the Inquisition .
I saw it first - hand as a child in Indonesia , where devout Christians worshipped freely in an overwhelmingly Muslim country .
That is the spirit we need today .
People in every country should be free to choose and live their faith based upon the persuasion of the mind , heart , and soul .
This tolerance is essential for religion to thrive , but it is being challenged in many different ways .
Among some Muslims , there is a disturbing tendency to measure one 's own faith by the rejection of another's .
The richness of religious diversity must be upheld – whether it is for Maronites in Lebanon or the Copts in Egypt .
And fault lines must be closed among Muslims as well , as the divisions between Sunni and Shia have led to tragic violence , particularly in Iraq .
Freedom of religion is central to the ability of peoples to live together .
We must always examine the ways in which we protect it .
For instance , in the United States , rules on charitable giving have made it harder for Muslims to fulfill their religious obligation .
That is why I am committed to working with American Muslims to ensure that they can fulfil zakat .
Likewise , it is important for western countries to avoid impeding Muslim citizens from practising religion as they see fit– for instance , by dictating what clothes a Muslim woman should wear .
We cannot disguise hostility towards any religion behind the pretence of liberalism .
Indeed , faith should bring us together .
That is why we are forging service projects in America that bring together Christians , Muslims , and Jews .
That is why we welcome efforts like Saudi Arabian King Abdullah 's Interfaith dialogue and Turkey 's leadership in the Alliance of Civilizations .
Around the world , we can turn dialogue into interfaith service , so bridges between peoples lead to action– whether it is combating malaria in Africa , or providing relief after a natural disaster .
The sixth issue that I want to address is women 's rights .
I know there is debate about this issue .
I reject the view of some in the west that a woman who chooses to cover her hair is somehow less equal , but I do believe that a woman who is denied an education is denied equality .
And it is no coincidence that countries where women are well - educated are far more likely to be prosperous .
Now let me be clear : issues of women 's equality are by no means simply an issue for Islam .
In Turkey , Pakistan , Bangladesh and Indonesia , we have seen Muslim - majority countries elect a woman to lead .
Meanwhile , the struggle for women 's equality continues in many aspects of American life , and in countries around the world .
Our daughters can contribute just as much to society as our sons , and our common prosperity will be advanced by allowing all humanity – men and women – to reach their full potential .
I do not believe that women must make the same choices as men in order to be equal , and I respect those women who choose to live their lives in traditional roles .
But it should be their choice .
That is why the United States will partner with any Muslim - majority country to support expanded literacy for girls , and to help young women pursue employment through micro-financing that helps people live their dreams .
Finally , I want to discuss economic development and opportunity .
I know that for many , the face of globalisation is contradictory .
The internet and television can bring knowledge and information , but also offensive sexuality and mindless violence .
Trade can bring new wealth and opportunities , but also huge disruptions and changing communities .
In all nations – including my own – this change can bring fear .
Fear that because of modernity we will lose of control over our economic choices , our politics , and most importantly our identities – those things we most cherish about our communities , our families , our traditions , and our faith .
But I also know that human progress cannot be denied .
There need not be contradiction between development and tradition .
Countries like Japan and South Korea grew their economies while maintaining distinct cultures .
The same is true for the astonishing progress within Muslim - majority countries from Kuala Lumpur to Dubai .
In ancient times and in our times , Muslim communities have been at the forefront of innovation and education .
This is important because no development strategy can be based only upon what comes out of the ground , nor can it be sustained while young people are out of work .
Many Gulf States have enjoyed great wealth as a consequence of oil , and some are beginning to focus it on broader development .
But all of us must recognise that education and innovation will be the currency of the 21st century , and in too many Muslim communities there remains underinvestment in these areas .
I am emphasising such investments within my country .
And while America in the past has focused on oil and gas in this part of the world , we now seek a broader engagement .
On education , we will expand exchange programmes , and increase scholarships , like the one that brought my father to America , while encouraging more Americans to study in Muslim communities .
And we will match promising Muslim students with internships in America ; invest in online learning for teachers and children around the world ; and create a new online network , so a teenager in Kansas can communicate instantly with a teenager in Cairo .
On economic development , we will create a new corps of business volunteers to partner with counterparts in Muslim - majority countries .
And I will host a summit on entrepreneurship this year to identify how we can deepen ties between business leaders , foundations and social entrepreneurs in the United States and Muslim communities around the world .
On science and technology , we will launch a new fund to support technological development in Muslim - majority countries , and to help transfer ideas to the marketplace so they can create jobs .
We will open centres of scientific excellence in Africa , the Middle East and south - east Asia , and appoint new science envoys to collaborate on programmes that develop new sources of energy , create green jobs , digitise records , clean wate and grow new crops .
And today I am announcing a new global effort with the Organisation of the Islamic Conference to eradicate polio .
And we will also expand partnerships with Muslim communities to promote child and maternal health .
All these things must be done in partnership .
Americans are ready to join with citizens and governments ; community organisations , religious leaders , and businesses in Muslim communities around the world to help our people pursue a better life .
The issues that I have described will not be easy to address .
But we have a responsibility to join together on behalf of the world we seek – a world where extremists no longer threaten our people , and American troops have come home ; a world where Israelis and Palestinians are each secure in a state of their own , and nuclear energy is used for peaceful purposes ; a world where governments serve their citizens , and the rights of all God 's children are respected .
Those are mutual interests .
That is the world we seek .
But we can only achieve it together .
I know there are many – Muslim and non-Muslim – who question whether we can forge this new beginning .
Some are eager to stoke the flames of division , and to stand in the way of progress .
Some suggest that it is n't worth the effort – that we are fated to disagree , and civilisations are doomed to clash .
Many more are simply skeptical that real change can occur .
There is so much fear , so much mistrust .
But if we choose to be bound by the past , we will never move forward .
And I want to particularly say this to young people of every faith , in every country – you , more than anyone , have the ability to remake this world .
All of us share this world for but a brief moment in time .
The question is whether we spend that time focused on what pushes us apart , or whether we commit ourselves to an effort – a sustained effort _ to find common ground , to focus on the future we seek for our children , and to respect the dignity of all human beings .
It is easier to start wars than to end them .
It is easier to blame others than to look inward ; to see what is different about someone than to find the things we share .
But we should choose the right path , not just the easy path .
There is also one rule that lies at the heart of every religion – that we do unto others as we would have them do unto us .
This truth transcends nations and peoples – a belief that is n't new ; that is n't black or white or brown ; that is n't Christian , or Muslim or Jew .
It 's a belief that pulsed in the cradle of civilisation , and that still beats in the heart of billions .
It 's a faith in other people , and it's what brought me here today .
We have the power to make the world we seek , but only if we have the courage to make a new beginning , keeping in mind what has been written .
The Holy Koran tells u : " O mankind !
We have created you male and a female ; and we have made you into nations and tribes so that you may know one another . "
The Talmud tells us : " The whole of the Torah is for the purpose of promoting peace . "
The Holy Bible tells us : " Blessed are the peacemakers , for they shall be called sons of God . "
The people of the world can live together in peace .
We know that is God 's vision .
Now , that must be our work here on Earth .
Thank you .
And may God 's peace be upon you .
Photo : www.oreltv.ru
A financial company in Latvia is offering residents loans secured by nothing but their immortal soul .
Riga - based firm , named Kontora , does not require credit history record or proof of employment .
It grants loans of 50 to 500 Latvian lats ( $ 100 to $ 1,000 ) to any adult after he or she signs the a very short agreement .
According to the agreement , the only security required of the borrower is their immortal soul , which they are asked to confirm as their previously unmortgaged property .
The loan is subject to one percent per day in interest until full repayment .
The period of full repayment is 90 days , and in case the borrower fails to return the money , the creditor gets full possession of his soul .
At a hearing on Capitol Hill in May , James Moroney , the publisher of the Dallas Morning News , told Congress about negotiations he ’d just had with the online retailer Amazon .
The idea was to license his newspaper ’s content to the Kindle , Amazon ’s new electronic reader .
“ They want seventy per cent of the subscription revenue , ” Moroney testified .
“ I get thirty per cent , they get seventy per cent .
On top of that , they have said we get the right to republish your intellectual property to any portable device . ”
The idea was that if a Kindle subscription to the Dallas Morning News cost ten dollars a month , seven dollars of that belonged to Amazon , the provider of the gadget on which the news was read , and just three dollars belonged to the newspaper , the provider of an expensive and ever - changing variety of editorial content .
The people at Amazon valued the newspaper ’s contribution so little , in fact , that they felt they ought then to be able to license it to anyone else they wanted .
Another witness at the hearing , Arianna Huffington , of the Huffington Post , said that she thought the Kindle could provide a business model to save the beleaguered newspaper industry .
Moroney disagreed .
“ I get thirty per cent and they get the right to license my content to any portable device — not just ones made by Amazon ? ”
He was incredulous .
“ That , to me , is not a model . ”
“ In the digital realm you can try to keep Free at bay , ” Chris Anderson writes , “ but eventually the force of economic gravity will win . ” Illustration by Richard Mcguire
Had James Moroney read Chris Anderson ’s new book , “ Free : The Future of a Radical Price ” ( Hyperion ; $ 26.99 ) , Amazon ’s offer might not have seemed quite so surprising .
Anderson is the editor of Wired and the author of the 2006 best - seller “ The Long Tail , ” and “ Free ” is essentially an extended elaboration of Stewart Brand ’s famous declaration that “ information wants to be free . ”
The digital age , Anderson argues , is exerting an inexorable downward pressure on the prices of all things “ made of ideas . ”
Anderson does not consider this a passing trend .
Rather , he seems to think of it as an iron law : “ In the digital realm you can try to keep Free at bay with laws and locks , but eventually the force of economic gravity will win . ”
To musicians who believe that their music is being pirated , Anderson is blunt .
They should stop complaining , and capitalize on the added exposure that piracy provides by making money through touring , merchandise sales , and “ yes , the sale of some of [ their ] music to people who still want CDs or prefer to buy their music online . ”
To the Dallas Morning News , he would say the same thing .
Newspapers need to accept that content is never again going to be worth what they want it to be worth , and reinvent their business .
“ Out of the bloodbath will come a new role for professional journalists , ” he predicts , and he goes on :
There may be more of them , not fewer , as the ability to participate in journalism extends beyond the credentialed halls of traditional media .
But they may be paid far less , and for many it wo n’t be a full time job at all .
Journalism as a profession will share the stage with journalism as an avocation .
Meanwhile , others may use their skills to teach and organize amateurs to do a better job covering their own communities , becoming more editor / coach than writer .
If so , leveraging the Free — paying people to get other people to write for non-monetary rewards — may not be the enemy of professional journalists .
Instead , it may be their salvation .
Anderson is very good at paragraphs like this — with its reassuring arc from “ bloodbath ” to “ salvation . ”
His advice is pithy , his tone uncompromising , and his subject matter perfectly timed for a moment when old - line content providers are desperate for answers .
That said , it is not entirely clear what distinction is being marked between “ paying people to get other people to write ” and paying people to write .
If you can afford to pay someone to get other people to write , why ca n’t you pay people to write ?
It would be nice to know , as well , just how a business goes about reorganizing itself around getting people to work for “ non-monetary rewards . ”
Does he mean that the New York Times should be staffed by volunteers , like Meals on Wheels ?
Anderson ’s reference to people who “ prefer to buy their music online ” carries the faint suggestion that refraining from theft should be considered a mere preference .
And then there is his insistence that the relentless downward pressure on prices represents an iron law of the digital economy .
Why is it a law ?
Free is just another price , and prices are set by individual actors , in accordance with the aggregated particulars of marketplace power .
“ Information wants to be free , ” Anderson tells us , “ in the same way that life wants to spread and water wants to run downhill . ”
But information can’t actually want anything , can it ?
Amazon wants the information in the Dallas paper to be free , because that way Amazon makes more money .
Why are the self - interested motives of powerful companies being elevated to a philosophical principle ?
But we are getting ahead of ourselves .
Anderson ’s argument begins with a technological trend .
The cost of the building blocks of all electronic activity — storage , processing , and bandwidth — has fallen so far that it is now approaching zero .
In 1961 , Anderson says , a single transistor was ten dollars .
In 1963 , it was five dollars .
By 1968 , it was one dollar .
Today , Intel will sell you two billion transistors for eleven hundred dollars — meaning that the cost of a single transistor is now about .000055 cents .
Anderson ’s second point is that when prices hit zero extraordinary things happen .
Anderson describes an experiment conducted by the M.I.T. behavioral economist Dan Ariely , the author of “ Predictably Irrational . ”
Ariely offered a group of subjects a choice between two kinds of chocolate — Hershey ’s Kisses , for one cent , and Lindt truffles , for fifteen cents .
Three - quarters of the subjects chose the truffles .
Then he redid the experiment , reducing the price of both chocolates by one cent .
The Kisses were now free .
What happened ?
The order of preference was reversed .
Sixty - nine per cent of the subjects chose the Kisses .
The price difference between the two chocolates was exactly the same , but that magic word “ free ” has the power to create a consumer stampede .
Amazon has had the same experience with its offer of free shipping for orders over twenty - five dollars .
The idea is to induce you to buy a second book , if your first book comes in at less than the twenty - five - dollar threshold .
And that ’s exactly what it does .
In France , however , the offer was mistakenly set at the equivalent of twenty cents — and consumers did n’t buy the second book .
“ From the consumer ’s perspective , there is a huge difference between cheap and free , ” Anderson writes .
“ Give a product away , and it can go viral .
Charge a single cent for it and you ’re in an entirely different business .
. . .
The truth is that zero is one market and any other price is another . ”
Since the falling costs of digital technology let you make as much stuff as you want , Anderson argues , and the magic of the word “ free ” creates instant demand among consumers , then Free ( Anderson honors it with a capital ) represents an enormous business opportunity .
Companies ought to be able to make huge amounts of money “ around ” the thing being given away — as Google gives away its search and e-mail and makes its money on advertising .
Anderson cautions that this philosophy of embracing the Free involves moving from a “ scarcity ” mind - set to an “ abundance ” mind - set .
Giving something away means that a lot of it will be wasted .
But because it costs almost nothing to make things , digitally , we can afford to be wasteful .
The elaborate mechanisms we set up to monitor and judge the quality of content are , Anderson thinks , artifacts of an era of scarcity : we had to worry about how to allocate scarce resources like newsprint and shelf space and broadcast time .
Not anymore .
Look at YouTube , he says , the free video archive owned by Google .
YouTube lets anyone post a video to its site free , and lets anyone watch a video on its site free , and it does n’t have to pass judgment on the quality of the videos it archives .
“ Nobody is deciding whether a video is good enough to justify the scarce channel space it takes , because there is no scarce channel space , ” he writes , and goes on :
Distribution is now close enough to free to round down .
Today , it costs about $ 0.25 to stream one hour of video to one person .
Next year , it will be $ 0.15 .
A year later it will be less than a dime .
Which is why YouTube ’s founders decided to give it away .
. . .
The result is both messy and runs counter to every instinct of a television professional , but this is what abundance both requires and demands .
There are four strands of argument here : a technological claim ( digital infrastructure is effectively Free ) , a psychological claim ( consumers love Free ) , a procedural claim ( Free means never having to make a judgment ) , and a commercial claim ( the market created by the technological Free and the psychological Free can make you a lot of money ) .
The only problem is that in the middle of laying out what he sees as the new business model of the digital age Anderson is forced to admit that one of his main case studies , YouTube , “ has so far failed to make any money for Google . ”
Why is that ?
Because of the very principles of Free that Anderson so energetically celebrates .
When you let people upload and download as many videos as they want , lots of them will take you up on the offer .
That ’s the magic of Free psychology : an estimated seventy - five billion videos will be served up by YouTube this year .
Although the magic of Free technology means that the cost of serving up each video is “ close enough to free to round down , ” “ close enough to free ” multiplied by seventy - five billion is still a very large number .
A recent report by Credit Suisse estimates that YouTube ’s bandwidth costs in 2009 will be three hundred and sixty million dollars .
In the case of YouTube , the effects of technological Free and psychological Free work against each other .
So how does YouTube bring in revenue ?
Well , it tries to sell advertisements alongside its videos .
The problem is that the videos attracted by psychological Free — pirated material , cat videos , and other forms of user - generated content — are not the sort of thing that advertisers want to be associated with .
In order to sell advertising , YouTube has had to buy the rights to professionally produced content , such as television shows and movies .
Credit Suisse put the cost of those licenses in 2009 at roughly two hundred and sixty million dollars .
For Anderson , YouTube illustrates the principle that Free removes the necessity of aesthetic judgment .
( As he puts it , YouTube proves that “ crap is in the eye of the beholder . ” )
But , in order to make money , YouTube has been obliged to pay for programs that are n’t crap .
To recap : YouTube is a great example of Free , except that Free technology ends up not being Free because of the way consumers respond to Free , fatally compromising YouTube ’s ability to make money around Free , and forcing it to retreat from the “ abundance thinking ” that lies at the heart of Free.
Credit Suisse estimates that YouTube will lose close to half a billion dollars this year .
If it were a bank , it would be eligible for TARP funds .
Anderson begins the second part of his book by quoting Lewis Strauss , the former head of the Atomic Energy Commission , who famously predicted in the mid-nineteen - fifties that “ our children will enjoy in their homes electrical energy too cheap to meter . ”
“ What if Strauss had been right ? ” Anderson wonders , and then diligently sorts through the implications : as much fresh water as you could want , no reliance on fossil fuels , no global warming , abundant agricultural production .
Anderson wants to take “ too cheap to meter ” seriously , because he believes that we are on the cusp of our own “ too cheap to meter ” revolution with computer processing , storage , and bandwidth .
But here is the second and broader problem with Anderson ’s argument : he is asking the wrong question .
It is pointless to wonder what would have happened if Strauss ’s prediction had come true while rushing past the reasons that it could not have come true .
Strauss ’s optimism was driven by the fuel cost of nuclear energy — which was so low compared with its fossil - fuel counterparts that he considered it ( to borrow Anderson ’s phrase ) close enough to free to round down .
Generating and distributing electricity , however , requires a vast and expensive infrastructure of transmission lines and power plants — and it is this infrastructure that accounts for most of the cost of electricity .
Fuel prices are only a small part of that .
As Gordon Dean , Strauss ’s predecessor at the A.E.C. , wrote , “ Even if coal were mined and distributed free to electric generating plants today , the reduction in your monthly electricity bill would amount to but twenty per cent , so great is the cost of the plant itself and the distribution system . ”
WASHINGTON  The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation indefinitely postponed a central element of the Obama administration ’s bank rescue plan on Wednesday , acknowledging that it could not persuade enough banks to sell off their bad assets .
In a move that confirmed the suspicions of many analysts , the agency called off plans to start a $ 1 billion pilot program this month that was intended to help banks clean up their balance sheets and eventually sell off hundreds of billions of dollars worth of troubled mortgages and other loans .
Many banks have refused to sell their loans , in part because doing so would force them to mark down the value of those loans and book big losses .
Even though the government was prepared to prop up prices by offering cheap financing to investors , the prices that banks were demanding have remained far higher than the prices that investors were willing to pay .
In a statement , the F.D.I.C. acknowledged that it had not been able to get banks interested in its so - called Legacy Loans Program .
Scheduled to start later this month , the pilot program was aimed at selling off $ 1 billion in troubled home mortgages .
" MUST WATCH " IMMIGRATION VIDEOS
By Chuck Baldwin
May 29 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
Without a doubt , illegal immigration is one of this country 's most serious problems .
The toll exacted by illegals is incalculable .
Think of the billions of dollars required to service the tens of millions of illegals already in this country , not to mention the hundreds of thousands that are continuing to sneak across our borders .
Think of the cost in terms of human lives .
Illegal immigrants murder more Americans every year than have been killed in Iraq since the war began .
Think of that .
Think of the thousands of Americans who are killed or injured due to illegal aliens who drive drunk .
Think of the cost to educate illegals .
Think of the cost to incarcerate illegals .
If one wonders why the State of California is bankrupt , look no further than the cost inflicted upon the Golden State by illegal aliens .
In spite of the horrific toll inflicted upon the American people by illegal aliens , however , neither the Democratic nor the Republican Party has any desire to do anything about it .
Republicans within the Chamber of Commerce want cheap labor , and Democrats want votes .
Neither the Elephants nor the Donkeys ( at the national level ) want to protect our borders .
In this regard , it matters not whether it is a Democrat or a Republican in the White House .
If readers want a resource where much information and documentation regarding illegal immigration and its impact upon the United States is provided , please visit this web page :
Furthermore , it has come to my attention that a group of young , independent filmmakers has put together an extremely relevant series of videos that chronicle the truth of illegal immigration .
These videos are outstanding !
They cover all of the important elements of illegal immigration , and do so with great precision and accuracy .
There is no sensationalism or exaggeration in these videos .
All you will find is -- as Jack Webb 's TV character , Joe Friday , used to say - -" Just the facts , Ma'am . "
That 's what one will find when watching these videos : a lot of facts and a lot of truth .
Advertisement
Did I mention that the videos are professionally produced ?
They are .
They are not some cheap , amateur production : they are a first - class production , as stellar as anything the History Channel could produce .
Readers should also know that I have absolutely no financial interest in these videos .
In fact , I have no personal or financial connection to the videos whatsoever .
My only interest is that the information contained in these videos is information that every American citizen needs to know .
The title of the video series is " The Promise of Home . "
Here are the chapter titles , summaries , and url locations of these fantastic videos :
Immigration 101 : The Greener Grass -- Mass Migration
In the Global Economy
Immigration 102 : The Wounded Land -- The Environment and Open Space
Immigration 103 : American Trauma -- Jobs and The Economy
Immigration 104 : The Tower of Babel -- Assimilation or Separatism
Immigration 105 : Re-Educating America-- One People or Multiculturalism
Immigration 106 : The Emergency Room -- Immigration and The Welfare State
Immigration 107 : Crime Wave at the Shore -- Drugs , Gangs , and Sanctuary
Immigration 108 : The Broken Door -- Threats To Our National Security
Immigration 109 : The Enablers and The Profiteers -- Cheap Labor and Ethnocentric Interests
Immigration 110 : By the People and For The People -- Grassroots America
Immigration 111 : Racists , Xenophobes and Bigots
As one can easily see , there are eleven hard - hitting videos dealing with virtually every important area that is impacted by illegal immigration .
Not everyone will agree with everything that is said in these videos -- including me .
That being said , this series of videos is arguably the very best truthful documentary regarding illegal immigration that exists .
For every bone in them , there is ten pounds of meat .
And best of all : it will cost you nothing , but time , to watch them .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
So , sit back , watch , and learn .
And while you 're at it , forward this column to a friend or loved one that you feel could benefit from watching these videos .
* If you appreciate this column and want to help me distribute these editorial opinions to an ever - growing audience , donations may now be made by credit card , check , or Money Order .
Use this link .
Autistics are up to 40 percent faster at problem - solving than non-autistics , according to a new Université de Montréal and Harvard University study published in the journal Human Brain Mapping .
As part of the investigation , participants were asked to complete patterns in the Raven 's Standard Progressive Matrices ( RSPM ) – test that measures hypothesis - testing , problem - solving and learning skills .
" While both groups performed RSPM test with equal accuracy , the autistic group responded more quickly and appeared to use perceptual regions of the brain to accelerate problem - solving , " says lead author Isabelle Soulières , a post - doctoral fellow at Harvard University who completed the experiment at the Université de Montréal .
" Some critics agued that autistics would be unable to complete the RSPM because of its complexity , yet our study shows autistics complete it as efficiently and have a more highly developed perception than non-autistics . "
Fifteen autistics and 18 non-autistics were recruited for the study .
Participants were 14 to 36 years old and matched according to their preliminary results on the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale .
All subjects underwent magnetic resonance imaging to explore their neural activity during RSPM problem - solving .
While autism is a common neurodevelopmental disability characterized by profound differences in information processing and analysis , this study showed that autistics have efficient reasoning abilities that build on their perceptual strengths .
" This study builds on our previous findings and should help educators capitalize on the intellectual abilities of autistics , " says senior researcher Laurent Mottron , the new Marcel & Rolande Gosselin Research Chair in Autism Cognitive Neuroscience of the Université de Montréal and psychiatry professor .
" The limits of autistics should constantly be pushed and their educational materials should never be simplified . "
Adds Dr. Soulières : " The Raven 's Standard Progressive Matrices are among the most complex tests to provide insight on how a person understands and formulates rules , manages goal hierarchies and performs high - level abstractions .
Our wager was that autistics could complete such a test and they surpassed our expectations . "
This study was funded by the Canadian Institutes of Health Research and Autism Speaks .
T his month marks the tenth anniversary of the debut of Napster , the peer - to - peer file - sharing service that had a transformative effect on the music and Internet services industries .
While many commentators have marked the anniversary by reassessing Napster 's impact and speculating on what lies ahead , now is also a suitable time to put to rest two myths about file sharing in Canada .
The two myths that dominate debate are : all file sharing is legal in Canada and , perhaps as a consequence of this , that Canada leads the world in illegal file - sharing activity .
Neither claim is true .
The belief that Canada is a veritable Wild West , where it is legal to upload and download to your heart 's content has its genesis in the recording industry 's failed file - sharing lawsuits in 2004 .
Following the U.S. example , the Canadian Recording Industry Association filed lawsuits against 29 alleged file sharers at five Canadian Internet service providers ( ISPs ) .
The case was a failure as then - Federal Court judge Konrad von Finckenstein ( now chair of the CRTC ) denied a request to order the ISPs to disclose the identity of their customers .
Von Finckenstein ruled the recording industry 's case suffered from evidentiary shortcomings along with questions about privacy and copyright law .
The decision garnered international attention and many mistakenly took it to mean all file sharing was legal in Canada .
The reality is Canadian law features a private copying exemption that includes a levy on blank media .
The Federal Court and the Copyright Board of Canada have intimated the levy , which has generated hundreds of millions of dollars , could apply to personal , non-commercial downloading of sound recordings onto certain blank media .
The law therefore opens the door to some legalized music downloading , but it does not cover other content ( movies or software ) or the uploading of any content .
The second myth , which is endlessly promoted by advocates of legal reforms , is that Canada has the largest file - sharing population on a per-capita basis .
For example , the Conference Board of Canada recently used this argument as its lead finding in a series of reports that were recalled due to plagiarism .
The myth originates from a 2004 study by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) that examined 2003 file - sharing data in its 30 member countries .
The nearly six - year - old study did not consider whether the activities were legal or illegal , but rather focused exclusively on the number of peer - to - peer users .
Canada stood first in that study , yet , there is ample reason to doubt its validity today .
In addition to the fact the OECD made no claims about illegal activity or about file sharing in the more than 150 non-OECD countries , newer studies indicate Canada is declining as a hub of file - sharing activity relative to the rest of the world .
BayTSP , a U.S. firm that identifies and tracks copyright content for movie and music interests , recently issued a report that assessed the number of infringement notices arising out of peer - to - peer and Internet use .
According to the report , Canada declined to 10th worldwide ( it was seventh last year ) .
The top three countries were Spain , Italy , and France , with each having at least five times the number of infringement claims as Canada .
The decline runs contrary to Canadian file - sharing mythology , but it should not surprise since it mirrors Canada 's decline in the global high - speed Internet access rankings .
This suggests Canadians may have been early file - sharing adopters due to better access , but other countries have now passed us .
Much has changed since Napster took the world by storm 10 years ago .
As we look ahead to the next decade , it is time to ground the debate in fact rather than fiction .
Michael can reached at mgeist@uottawa.ca or online at www.michaelgeist.ca.
Mr. Marino , the author of the post on the Lens blog , is a 31 - year - old architect born in Argentina .
In an e-mail interview , he said that the political corruption during the years of dictatorship in his country shaped his thinking : “ I started to realize how political corruption operates and how it is the interests of a few in power that really governs our world . ”
Image TRUE OR FALSE ?
Adam Savage , left , and Jamie Hyneman of  MythBusters ,  which spent an episode last year rebutting Moon hoax theories .
Credit ...
Discovery Channel
As he traveled the world  he now lives and works in China  he picked up books contending that the landings were faked and saw documentaries including Mr. Sibrel ’s , he said , which paints a dark portrait of political manipulation during the Nixon administration and somehow ties in the Vietnam War , the Titanic and the Tower of Babel before even getting to the supposed photographic evidence of lunar deception .
Mr. Sibrel , who sells his films online , has hounded Apollo astronauts with a Bible , insisting that they swear on camera they had walked on the Moon .
He so annoyed Buzz Aldrin in 2002  ambushing him with his Bible and calling him “ a coward , and a liar , and a thief ”  that Mr. Aldrin punched Mr. Sibrel in the face .
Law enforcement officials refused to file charges against Mr. Aldrin , the second man on the Moon .
In an interview , Mr. Sibrel said that his efforts to prove that men never walked on the Moon has cost him dearly .
“ I have suffered only persecution and financial loss , ” he said .
“ I ’ve lost visitation with my son .
I ’ve been expelled from churches .
All because I believe the Moon landings are fraudulent . ”
Ted Goertzel , a professor of sociology at Rutgers University who has studied conspiracy theorists , said “ there ’s a similar kind of logic behind all of these groups , I think . ”
For the most part , he explained , “ They do n’t undertake to prove that their view is true ” so much as to “ find flaws in what the other side is saying . ”
And so , he said , argument is a matter of accumulation instead of persuasion .
“ They feel if they ’ve got more facts than the other side , that proves they ’re right . ”
Mark Fenster , a professor at the University of Florida Levin College of Law who has written extensively on conspiracy theories , said he sees similarities between people who argue that the Moon landings never happened and those who insist that the 9/11 attacks were planned by the government and that President Obama ’s birth certificate is fake : at the core , he said , is a polarization so profound that people end up with an unshakable belief that those in power “ simply ca n’t be trusted . ”
The emergence of the Internet as a communications medium , he noted , makes it possible for once - scattered believers to find one another .
“ It allows the theory to continue to exist , to continue to be available  it ’s not just some old dusty books on the half - price shelf . ”
Well , the first two beans , anyway .
There will be many more beans to come .
But HBO has signed a director for the GAME OF THRONES pilot , and the first cast member has come aboard as well .
The pilot will be helmed by Tom McCarthy , director of THE VISITOR and THE STATION AGENT .
And playing Tyrion Lannister will be Peter Dinklage , who was almost everyone 's " dream casting " for the role ( he certainly was mine ) :
You can read more details in THE HOLLYWOOD REPORTER , which broke the news this morning : I 'm thrilled .
Things are starting to move a lot faster now .
The rest of the year is going to be exciting !
More so than any other company , rumors regarding Apple 's future plans and products attract an incredible amount of attention .
The problem with this appetite for all things Apple is that sometimes people get so carried away in the hype of a sensational rumor that they do n't take the time to actually think about the veracity of the rumor itself .
A perfect example of this happened earlier this week when rumors of Apple purchasing Twitter starting making the rounds on the web .
There are a million reasons why Apple purchasing Twitter makes absolutely no sense at all , but a large portion of the tech blogosphere jumped on the rumor anyways , and started concocting outlandish reasons as to why Apple purchasing Twitter actually made sense .
The fact of the matter is that Apple rarely acquires other companies .
In the last 6 and a half years , Apple purchased a grand total of 3 companies .
Also , when Apple decides to acquire a company , the rationale behind the purchase is typically easy to discern as the acquired technology tends to fit into Apple 's product pipeline or roadmap .
Furthermore , Apple is not the type of company that spends an inordinate amount of money gobbling up company after company simply because they want to buy " cool " technology .
Each purchase is well thought out , and again , fits into Apple 's long term product plans .
And finally , the amount of money Apple forks over in acquiring these companies is always within the realm of reasonableness .
Now , the Apple purchasing Twitter rumor fails to meet all of the above criteria .
First , there really is no logical explanation as to what Apple would have to gain from purchasing Twitter .
Simply because people love tweeting from their iPhones is not a valid explanation .
Second ,
Twitter is currently the " hot item " in tech these days , and as I mentioned earlier , Apple is the last company to purchase another company simply because it currently happens to be popular .
Lastly , and in what should have been a dead giveaway to people who jumped on the Apple / Twitter bandwagon , was the rumored price Apple was willing to pay for Twitter - upwards of $ 700 million .
As a point of reference , when Apple bought NeXT in 1997 , they paid $ 400 million in what remains their most expensive acquisition to date .
Apple 's second most expensive acquisition came in 2008 when it purchased the boutique chip design firm P.A. Semi for $ 268 Million .
Taking the Apple / Twitter rumor at face value puts a price tag on Twitter that surpasses the combined total Apple paid for NeXT and P.A. Semi .
With that in mind , its amazing that the rumor of Apple purchasing Twitter for $ 700 Million got as much traction as it did .
At the same time , it also serves as a reminder that when it comes to rumors involving Apple , it 's always wise to take a step back and think critically before jumping to sensationalist conclusions .
Join the Network World communities on Facebook and LinkedIn to comment on topics that are top of mind .
Sengoku - period warrior [ Photo ]
As summer progresses , crops of rice paddy art are beginning to emerge in Japan .
The crop art -- created by strategically arranging and growing different colors of rice plants -- can be seen in farming communities across the country .
The largest and finest work is grown in the Aomori prefecture village of Inakadate , which has earned a reputation for its agricultural artistry .
This year the enormous pictures of Napoleon and a Sengoku - period warrior , both on horseback , are visible in a pair of fields adjacent to the town hall there .
View from roof of Inakadate town hall [ Photo ]
Warrior [ Photo ]
Napoleon [ Photo ]
View from top of warrior 's head [ Photo ]
Warrior 's arm [ Photo ]
Close - up of rice plants [ Photo ]
* * * * *
Another relatively famous rice paddy art venue is located in the town of Yonezawa in Yamagata prefecture .
This year 's work depicts the 16th - century samurai Naoe Kanetsugu and his wife , Osen , whose lives are chronicled in Tenchijin , the popular , year - long historical fiction television series now airing on NHK .
Naoe Kanetsugu and Osen [ Photo : contri ]
Osen [ Photo ]
Naoe Kanetsugu [ Photo ]
View from top of Naoe Kanetsugu 's head [ Photo ]
* * * * *
Smaller works of crop art can be seen in other rice - farming areas of Japan .
Here are a few more examples .
Doraemon and deer dancers ( shishi- odori ) , location unknown [ Photo ]
Ladybug , Nishio , Aichi prefecture [ Photo ]
Cow , Omi-Hachiman , Shiga prefecture [ Photo ]
Ducks , near Fukushimagata Lagoon Water Park , Niigata prefecture [ Photo ]
Another day , another hit piece on ACORN from Fox News .
This time from Sean Hannity and Michelle Bachmann .
Andy Birkey at the Minnesota Independent has the breakdown on this segment :
Rep. Michele Bachmann continued her campaign against Rep. Barney Frank and the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) on Fox News ’ Hannity on Wednesday .
Despite Bachmann ’s claims on the show , a new bill introduced by Frank will not funnel money to ACORN and ACORN is not “ under indictment ” in 12 states for “ voter fraud . ”
Frank recently introduced a bill to “ use amounts made available under the Troubled Assets Relief Program of the Secretary of the Treasury for relief for homeowners and neighborhoods . ”
Described as a neighborhood stabilization program , the funds would go to help depressed communities hit hard by the foreclosure crisis .
But Bachmann sees an evil scheme to give money to ACORN .
“ Now Barney Frank thinks that [ TARP funds ] should go out to his friends in ACORN , ” she told Sean Hannity .
“ He is serious about this , about funneling this little bit of money back out to ACORN . ”
That little bit of money ?
“ This would be an additional $ 1.5 billion for ACORN , ” she said .
“ And do n’t forget , in over 12 states so far this year ACORN has been indicted for voter fraud . ”
The bill itself never mentions ACORN .
In fact , it specifically spells out who gets the money : the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer $ 1,500,000,000 to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and such Secretary shall use such amounts for assistance to States and units of general local government for the redevelopment of abandoned and foreclosed homes
And as noted in the article , ACORN has not been accused of voter fraud .
Some of their employees have been accused of voter registration fraud .
There is a big difference .
There has been a raid on one of their Nevada offices , but after reading TPM 's reporting on the topic , I 've got to wonder if that was politically motivated as well .
The right loves to demonize ACORN since they 'd prefer as few poor and minority voters as possible actually get registered and have a chance to vote .
It 's not up to the ACORN workers to verify those registrations .
They can't throw them out because they think there are problems with them , and as BradBlog noted , it was the ACORN workers themselves that alerted election officials about the potential problems with some of the registrations they submitted in the first place .
They have to turn them in and let the local election offices sort them out .
If that was n't the case , I could decide to go volunteer for ACORN , and then proceed to throw out every registration from someone I assumed was a Republican because I did n't want them voting .
It 's really disgusting to see these right wingers on Fox " News " turning ACORN into a dirty word day after day .
I 've got to wonder if it 's not bad enough that ACORN might actually have a case against them for slander .
The Canadian Press is reporting on a Harris - Decima poll that it says shows that Canadians are supportive of traffic management provided that all users are treated fairly .
The survey indicated that Canadians are generally happy with their Internet service .
Interestingly , just prior to the release of the survey , one of the people who was called over the weekend ( the survey was conducted July 9 – 12th ) contacted me to report :
I took a Harris - Decima phone poll over the weekend and their questions about traffic shaping could be roughly summed up as " Did you know that your neighbour 's movie downloading is slowing down your Internet ? " .
This does n't exactly inspire confidence about some of the poll results .
[ Editor 's Note :
The federal minimum wage increases to $ 7.25 an hour on July 24 . ]
By Peter D. Schiff
Guest Columnist
Money Morning
In a free market , demand is always a function of price :
The higher the price , the lower the demand .
What may surprise most politicians is that these rules apply equally to both prices and wages .
When employers evaluate their labor and capital needs , cost is a primary factor .
When the cost of hiring low - skilled workers moves higher , jobs are lost .
Despite this , minimum wage hikes , like the one set to take effect later this month , are always seen as an act of governmental benevolence .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
When confronted with a clogged drain , most of us will call several plumbers and hire the one who quotes us the lowest price .
If all the quotes are too high , most of us will grab some Drano and a wrench , and have at it .
Labor markets work the same way .
Before bringing on another worker , an employer must be convinced that the added productivity will exceed the added cost ( this includes not just wages , but all payroll taxes and other benefits ) .
So if an unskilled worker is capable of delivering only $ 6 per hour of increased productivity , such an individual is legally unemployable with a minimum wage of $ 7.25 per hour .
Low - skilled workers must compete for employers ' dollars with both skilled workers and capital .
For example , if a skilled worker can do a job for $ 14 per hour that two unskilled workers can do for $ 6.50 per hour each , then it makes economic sense for the employer to go with the unskilled labor .
Increase the minimum wage to $ 7.25 per hour and the unskilled workers are priced out of their jobs .
This dynamic is precisely why labor unions are such big supporters of minimum wage laws .
Even though none of their members earn the minimum wage , the law helps protect their members from having to compete with lower - skilled workers .
Employers also have the choice of whether to employ people or machines .
For example , an employer can hire a receptionist or invest in an automated answering system .
The next time you are screaming obscenities into the phone as you try to have a conversation with a computer , you know what to blame for your frustration .
There are numerous other examples of employers substituting capital for labor simply because the minimum wage has made low - skilled workers uncompetitive .
For example , handcarts have replaced skycaps at airports .
The main reason fast - food restaurants use paper plates and plastic utensils is to avoid having to hire dishwashers .
As a result , many low - skilled jobs that used to be the first rung on the employment ladder have been priced out of the market .
Can you remember the last time an usher showed you to your seat in a dark movie theater ?
When was the last time someone other than the cashier not only bagged your groceries , but also loaded them into your car ?
By the way , it wo n't be long before the cashiers themselves are priced out of the market , replaced by automated scanners , leaving you to bag your purchases with no help whatsoever .
The disappearance of these jobs has broader economic and societal consequences .
First jobs are a means to improve skills so that low skilled workers can offer greater productivity to current or future employers .
As their skills grow , so does their ability to earn higher wages .
However , remove the bottom rung from the employment ladder and many never have a chance to climb it .
So the next time you are pumping your own gas in the rain , do not just think about the teenager who could have been pumping it for you , think about the auto mechanic he could have become – had the minimum wage not denied him a job .
Many auto mechanics used to learn their trade while working as pump jockeys .
Between fill - ups , checking tire pressure , and washing windows , they would spend a lot of time helping – and learning from – the mechanics .
Because the minimum wage prevents so many young people ( including a disproportionate number of minorities ) from getting entry - level jobs , they never develop the skills necessary to command higher - paying jobs .
As a result , many turn to crime , while others subsist on government aid .
Supporters of the minimum wage argue that it is impossible to support a family on the minimum wage .
While that is true , it is completely irrelevant , as minimum wage jobs are not designed to support families .
In fact , many people earning the minimum wage are themselves supported by their parents .
The way it is supposed to work is that people do not choose to start families until they can earn enough to support them .
Lower - wage jobs enable workers to eventually acquire the skills necessary to earn wages high enough to support a family .
Does anyone really think a kid with a paper route should earn a wage high enough to support a family ?
The only way to increase wages is to increase worker productivity .
If wages could be raised simply by government mandate , we could set the minimum wage at $ 100 per hour and solve all problems .
It should be clear that , at that level , most of the population would lose their jobs , and the remaining labor would be so expensive that prices for goods and services would skyrocket .
That 's the exact burden the minimum wage places on our poor and low - skilled workers and , ultimately , on every American consumer .
Since our leaders cannot even grasp this simple economic concept , how can we expect them to deal with the more complicated problems that currently confront us ?
[ Editor 's Note : Peter D. Schiff , Euro Pacific Capital Inc.'s president and chief global strategist , is a well - known author and commentator , and is a periodic contributor to Money Morning .
Schiff is the author of two New York Times best sellers : " Crash Proof : How to Profit from the Coming Economic Collapse , " as well as " The Little Book of Bull Moves in Bear Markets . "
For a more - detailed look at the United States ' ongoing financial problems – and for some strategies that will help you protect your wealth and preserve your purchasing power before it's too late – download EuroPac 's brand - new free special report , " Peter Schiff 's Five Favorite Investment Choices for the Next Five Years . "
After one of the most - torrid rebounds on record this spring , U.S. stocks have stalled – once forcing investors to make important decisions against a backdrop of intense uncertainty .
However , a new offer from Money Morning seeks to eradicate at least some of that uncertainty , and actually represents a two - part bargain for investors by offering a Schiff best - selling investment book and a subscription to The Money Map Report newsletter .
Schiff 's new book – " The Little Book of Bull Moves in Bear Markets " – shows investors how to profit no matter which way the market moves , while our monthly newsletter , The Money Map Report , provides ongoing analysis of the global financial markets and some of the best profit plays you 'll find anywhere .
To find out how to get both , check out our newest offer . ]
by Josh Catone
This past weekend saw the online release of the first non-spoof , fan - created film set in the Lord of the Rings universe .
That by itself is fairly unremarkable , but a number of things set The Hunt for Gollum apart from your standard fan created fare .
It ’s long ( about 40 minutes ) , it has better than average acting and writing ( think direct - to - DVD caliber ) , it features incredibly high production values despite a meager £ 3,000 budget , and it is based on canon .
That last bit especially , had some wondering if Gollum would run afoul of rights holders at Tolkien Enterprises .
Where most fan art uses original characters and story lines , The Hunt for Gollum ‘s writer and director Chris Bouchard based the script on appendices to Tolkien ’s original work .
That the film uses Tolkien ’s actual story could have spelled trouble for the entire production .
There are two understood rules in the world of fan art : do n’t use official material ( like logos , music , and to a lesser extent known characters ) , and do n’t try to make money off your creations .
Bouchard smartly cleared his film with Tolkien ’s estate before releasing it .
“ We got in touch with Tolkien Enterprises and reached an understanding with them that as long as we are completely non -profit then we ’re okay .
We have to be careful not to disrespect their ownership of the intellectual property , ” he told the BBC .
And there are undoubtedly a plethora of fans happy he did .
The Hunt for Gollum has been a huge success , amassing over 600,000 views on Daily Motion since it was released on May 3rd , and garnering mainstream press attention from the BBC , WIRED , NPR , and Entertainment Weekly .
It ’s hard to imagine that all that attention is doing anything but increasing the value of Tolkien ’s intellectual property .
That ’s why Chris Albrecht over at NewTeeVee thinks studios should encourage fan films .
Fan films are nothing new — Wikipedia pegs 1926 as the birth of the genre — but the proliferation of cheap , high quality production tools and the emergence of the Internet as a mass distribution platform has some rights holders waking up to the potential for fan art to keep a brand alive .
Last year , for example , DC Comics reversed a long standing policy of aggressively protecting its copyrights and trademarks , including going after fan flicks , and officially okayed fan art that was done on a not - for - profit basis .
But what if fans did sell their art ?
Would that be so bad ?
Most fan art is a labor of love , but some fans sink serious time and money into their homemade projects .
James Cawley reportedly put more than $ 100,000 into recreating the original Star Trek set for his well - received fan - made Star Trek web series , and donated crew time likely would have cost more than $ 1 million at market value .
According to TheForce.net , a fan site for the Star Wars universe , which enjoys a rich community of fan created art with the blessing of George Lucas , the sale of fan films is a “ sensitive issue . ”
Fan filmmakers worry that one project trying to make a buck selling unauthorized fan art could cause rights holders to pull the plug on the entire community .
But Mike Masnick at TechDirt wonders if maybe fans should have more leeway in their ability to sell artwork based on someone else ’s IP .
Speaking of Bouchard ’s agreement with Tolkien Enterprises to keep things non-commercial he wrote , “ what if people made such a creative film without reaching such an agreement — or without promising to be totally non-commercial ?
Would that be so wrong ?
It would n’t take away from or harm Tolkien or Jackson ’s work .
It would only enhance it .
So why should these fans even need to gain permission to create such a movie ? ”
I spoke to Matt Maggiacomo , who makes a modest living performing as “ The Whomping Willows , ” a band that sings songs set in the Harry Potter universe , about his thoughts on fan art .
The Harry Potter rock community – or wizard rock , as it is known – enjoys one of the most liberal agreements with a copyright holder of any fan art community .
Representatives of the wizard rock scene came to an agreement early on with lawyers for J.K. Rowling and Warner Brothers allowing them to continue to create their music and even sell CDs , merchandise , and charge for shows ( with a few restrictions , like not being able to sell merchandise online and not being able to use official logos and images on album art , t- shirts , etc. ) .
“ I am lucky to be a fan of a series whose author is so generous with her creation , ” said Maggiacomo , who thinks it is a testament to Rowling ’s character that she is so open to fan art .
“ [ But ] it ’s really up to the author / creator of the series .
If Jo Rowling came out and said that she objected to wizard rock ’s existence , I would quit .
No questions asked .
Ultimately we all began as fans of a series , and we have to keep that in mind .
It takes a lot of work to create a universe ; Tolkien and Rowling have each created one of the most complex fictional universes in the history of literature .
We have to understand that these universes are the authors ’ babies , and they have every right to limit and restrict use of their creations . ”
Maggiacomo thinks that one of the reasons that Rowling , Warner Brothers , and Scholastic have been so open to wizard rock and have even allowed its participants to profit from their creations , is that the community as a rule donates a lot of time and money to charity .
“ I think this sets wizard rock and the larger Harry Potter fandom apart from other fan communities , ” he told me .
In 2000 , Henry Jenkins , the Director of the Comparative Media Studies Program at MIT , predicted that fan involvement would only become increasingly more important to the success of commercial media .
“ Soon , [ copyright holders ] are going to need those active fans more than ever before , ” he told the UK ’s Guardian newspaper .
“ In a world with multiple media options , video on demand and micropayments , fans may become the new gatekeepers who help direct consumers toward interesting and engaging media content .
The smart media executive should figure out which direction the media - consuming public is moving , run around in front and shout , ‘ Follow me . ' ”
Nine years later , that prediction is likely more true than ever .
Albrecht is almost certainly correct that rights holders would do well to encourage fan involvement and be more lenient with fan created art .
And if allowing fans to sell their work could translate into a more vibrant and longer - lasting fan community , then Masnick might be right as well .
It ’s hard to argue against the wisdom of letting fans make money from their creations when looking at the wizard rock movement , which has been able to sustain itself for at least 5 years and has grown to support over 500 bands , while raising thousands of dollars for charity .
Either way , the future looks bright for fan art .
More receptive rights holders combined with low cost pro-level tools means better fan art regardless of whether it is made for a profit .
Another day , another Republican sex scandal at the C - Street House .
Rachel Maddow reports that former Mississippi Congressman Chip Pickering 's wife has filed a lawsuit against his mistress , Elizabeth Creekmore - Byrd for alienation of affection .
TPM has more -- Another C Street Vet Falls To An Extramarital Affair :
Former Congressman and C Street resident Chip Pickering 's estranged wife has filed a lawsuit against Pickering 's alleged mistress .
Leisha Pickering is suing Elizabeth Creekmore - Byrd for alienation of affection .
Rep. Pickering , a Republican from Mississippi , allegedly continued seeing his college sweetheart while they were both married .
According to the suit , some of the " wrongful conduct " occurred at the C Street facility for Christian congressmen -- the same one where Sen. John Ensign ( R - NV ) and Sen. Tom Coburn ( R - OK ) have lived , and where Gov. Mark Sanford ( R - SC ) has recently sought counseling .
Suit : Pickering Chose Mistress Over Senate Seat :
Former Rep. Chip Pickering ( R - MS ) and erstwhile C Street resident turned down Trent Lott 's old Senate seat so he could be with his mistress , according to the lawsuit filed by his estranged wife this week .
The suit alleges that when Trent Lott resigned in 2007 , Gov. Haley Barbour offered Rep .
Pickering the seat .
But the congressman turned it down after his girlfriend , Elizabeth Creekmore - Byrd , " insisted " that their relationship could not continue if he accepted the seat , as he would have to stay married for public appearances .
She allegedly gave him an ultimatum , and he chose her . [....]
Other gems from the suit , which Leisha Pickering filed against Creekmore - Byrd for alienation of affection : Creekmore - Byrd is allegedly on the board of Telepak , her family 's Internet company , which employs the lobbyist organization Capitol Resources .
Pickering claims the mistress got her husband a job with the lobbyists .
( A visit to the company 's web site shows he does work in their Mississippi office . )
The suit alleges that Creekmore - Byrd aimed " to entice and tortuously interfere " with the Pickerings ' marriage , with the help of seven unnamed defendants .
It also says the alleged mistress 's actions would " evoke outrage and disgust in civilized society . "
Pickering alleges that Creekmore - Byrd showed up at a family ski vacation intending to cause a marriage - ending rift .
More of these wonderful family values hypocrite Republicans .
At least this one is not in the Congress any more , unlike his fellow C - Street residents in the Senate , Ensign and Sanford .
One in which single payer is considered off the table inside the rarified airs of Congress , but when President Obama ventures into a town hall meeting with regular folks , the first question he is asked is :
" Why have they taken single - payer off the plate ? " asked one woman in the audience to great applause .
" And why is Senator Baucus on the Finance Committee discussing health care when he has received so much money from the pharmaceutical companies ?
Is n't it a conflict of interest ? "
Watch here :
And one in which Drew Altman , CEO of the Kaiser Family Foundation can ponder today about how baffling it is that the " experts " -- presumably people like him who was given a seat at the table by Baucus -- sees the world so differently than the vast majority of Americans struggling to survive a cruel , inefficient , and inhumane healthcare system :
The " experts " say the problem is too much " unnecessary " care .
The public thinks too many people are being denied care they need .
The experts think costs are so high because consumers do n't have enough " skin in the game " ( i.e. , we like to go to the doctor , get invasive tests , and endure long waits for care and high out of pocket costs ) .
The public thinks the reason is " because drug and insurance companies make too much money . "
The experts think health care information technology is a panacea to improve quality and cut costs .
The public thinks it will probably increase costs ( the Congressional Budget Office happens to agree ) and are concerned about the privacy of their medical records .
The experts think we must have comparative research to limit future costs .
The public thinks " insurers should pay even if their doctor recommends a treatment that has not been proven to be more effective than a cheaper one . "
( Imagine , getting the care you actually paid your insurance company to provide , what a concept )
Either we need to get more in tune with the self - appointed experts , or they ought to listen to what the people actually think .
Or perhaps , as Marcia Angell , former editor of the New England Journal of Medicine told the Great Falls Tribune in Baucus ' home state of Montana , " Single - payer is simply considered not realistic for a politician .
The medical industrial complex just wo n't permit it . "
But at a price , to our health , to the well being and financial security of American families , and to the cause of health care reform .
Or as Michael Lighty , national policy director for the California Nurses Association / National Nurses Organizing Committee put it :
Canada is now the G8's classroom dud on climate change , sliding to last place among the world 's industrial leaders in the annual climate scorecard released by the World Wildlife Fund and insurance giant Allianz today .
While countries like Germany and England have substantially cut their greenhouse gas emissions over the past two decades , Canada 's emissions are continuing to skyrocket , now 26 per cent above 1990 levels .
" We emit more greenhouse gases than half the countries in the world put together , " said Keith Stewart , WWF - Canada 's climate change campaign manager .
" We have the resources – financially , intellectually , ecologically – to be leaders , and we 've simply chosen not to . "
Canada was ranked seventh in the previous two scorecards , but was bumped down this year by the United States , under the new green leadership of President Barack Obama .
Although Americans still emit slightly more greenhouse gases per capita than Canadians , that soon will change , given the green energy incentives in Obama 's stimulus package and the carbon cap - and - trade program proposed in the climate and energy bill that was passed by the House of Representatives last week , Stewart said .
Canada has not implemented its climate change plan .
" Canada is becoming increasingly isolated in clinging to the fossil economy while the rest of the world is moving on to green economy , " he said .
While lauding some nations for specific actions , the report states all eight industrial nations have not done enough to ward off the worst possible effects of runaway climate change , which could include vast droughts , hurricanes , and flooding of coastal cities by rising sea levels .
To avoid this , all eight nations must cut their emissions substantially by 2020 , and by a drastic 95 per cent by 2050 , the report states .
That 's more than the 50 per cent urged this month by the science academies of all the G8 countries .
The WWF hopes the report will spur people to pressure their governments to agree to deep carbon cuts in the next round of international climate negotiations in Copenhagen in December , Stewart said .
A rerun of many of the gags from the television series Police Squad ! ( 1982 ) .
An Airplane ! ( 1980 ) - type spoof , this time with the an incompetent Lieutenant Frank Drebin , who always " gets his man " .
Visual gags come thick and fast , and it 's impossible to catch them all with one viewing .
The plot : Queen Elizabeth II of England is coming to town , and Vincent Ludwig has plans to assassinate her using a brainwashed baseball player .
Written by Rob Hartill
John Dickinson , Divine Providence & Our Freedoms
In this installment of our series dealing with the Founding Fathers Religion and Progressive Christian living , we turn to John Dickinson , a less widely - known Father from Philadelphia who fought during the American Revolution and served as a Pennsylvania delegate to the First Continental Congress in 1774 and the U.S. Constitutional Convention of 1787 .
Dickinson is perhaps most famous for his declaration to King George III that Americans were resolved to die free men rather than live slaves .
The following passage is taken from John Dickinson ’s “ Letters from a Farmer in Pennsylvania to the Inhabitants of the British Colonies . ”
Here we find Dickinson , the former Progressive Christian President of Pennsylvania , writing eloquently on the freedom that is granted to us by God , and the vigilance that is required to retain that freedom .
His comment regarding how our freedoms can be gradually usurped has special resonance for Americans today .
I am no further concerned in anything affecting America , than any one of you ; and when liberty leaves it , I can quit it much more conveniently than most of you .
But while that Divine Providence which gave me existence in a land of freedom permits my head to think , my lips to speak , and my hand to move , I shall highly and gratefully value this blessing I ’ve received , and I ’ll take care that my silence and inactivity shall not give my implied assent to any act , degrading my brethren and myself from the birthright , wherewith heaven itself “ hath made us free . ”
[ With Regards to Great Britain ]
All artful rulers , who strive to extend their power beyond its just limits , try to give to their attempts as much semblance of legality as possible .
Those who succeed them may then venture to go a little further ; for each new encroachment will be strengthened by the former .
In other words , that which is now supported by examples , grows old , and eventually become another example to support fresh usurpations .
A FREE people therefore can never be too quick in observing , nor too firm in opposing the beginnings of alterations in form or reality regarding those institutions established for their security .
The first kind of alteration leads to the last .
Yet , on the other hand , nothing is more certain than that our forms of liberty may be retained even when the literal substance is gone .
In government , as well as in religion , “ The letter killeth , but the spirit giveth life . ”
It was disturbing to learn the other day just how close the last administration came to violating laws barring the military from engaging in law enforcement when President George W. Bush considered sending troops into a Buffalo suburb in 2002 to arrest terrorism suspects .
Unfortunately , this is not necessarily a problem of the past .
More needs to be done to ensure that the military is not illegally deployed in this country .
The Posse Comitatus Act of 1878 generally prohibits the military from law enforcement activities within the United States .
If armed officers are going to knock on Americans ’ doors , or arrest them in the streets , they should answer to civilian authorities .
Despite this bedrock principle , The Times ’s Mark Mazzetti and David Johnston reported last week , top Bush administration officials , including ( no surprise ) Vice President Dick Cheney , argued that the president had the authority to use the military to round up a suspected terrorist cell known as the Lackawanna Six .
Mr. Cheney and others cited a legal memorandum co-written by John C. Yoo ( author of the infamous torture memo ) , which made the baseless claim that the military can go after accused Al Qaeda terrorists on United States soil because it would be a matter of national security , not law enforcement .
Common Lisp provides compile - file whose purposes is to convert a CL source file into an ( implementation - defined ) format which usually has precompiled code and is designed for faster loading into a lisp system .
compile - file takes the pathname of a textual lisp source file .
But what if you want to compile some Lisp code that 's not in a file already , perhaps because you translated / compiled it from some not - amenable - to - the - Lisp - reader input syntax , or because it contains unREADable literals ?
You can use a " universal Lisp file " , which I know two ways to create ( use whichever you find cleaner ) :
( cl: in - package : mypackage ) #.mypackage ::* program *
( cl: in - package : mypackage ) ( macrolet ( ( it ( ) * program * ) ) ( it ) )
or
Suppose this is in " universal.lisp " .
Then to use it :
( defvar * program * ) ( defun compile - to - file ( form output - file ) ( let ( ( * program * form ) ) ( compile - file # p" universal.lisp " : output - file output- file ) ) )
This is just a minimal example ; you 'll also want to appropriately handle the return value from compile - file , provide an appropriate pathname to the universal file , etc .
For example , here 's an excerpt of the relevant code from E - on - CL , where I have used this technique to compile non-CL sources ( emakers ) into fasls :
( defparameter + the - asdf-system + ( asdf:find - system :e- on - cl ) ) ( defvar * efasl - program * ) ( defvar * efasl - result * ) ... ( defun compile - e - to - file ( expr output - file fqn- prefix opt - scope ) ... ( let * ( ... ( * efasl - program * `( setf * efasl - result * ( lambda (... ) ... ) ) ) ) ( multiple - value - bind ( truename warnings - p failure - p ) ( compile - file ( merge- pathnames # p" lisp/universal.lisp " ( asdf:component - pathname + the - asdf- system + ) ) : output - file output - file : verbose nil : print nil ) ( declare ( ignore truename warnings - p ) ) ( assert ( not failure - p ) () " Compilation for ~ A failed . " output - file ) ) ) ) ( defun load - compiled -e ( file env ) ( let ( ( * efasl - result * nil ) ... ) ( load file : verbose nil : print nil ) ( funcall * efasl - result * env ) ) )
Note that the pathname is computed relative to the ASDF system containing the universal file ; also note the use of a variable * efasl - result * to simulate a " return value " from the compiled file , and the use of a lambda to provide a nonempty lexical environment , both of which are features not directly provided by the CL compiled file facility .
“ This case is really interesting because it really is where copyright runs into First Amendment rights , and it shows the jagged line between them , ” said Jennifer Jenkins , director of the Center for the Study of the Public Domain at Duke Law School , who also was part of the legal team that defended the publisher in “ The Wind Done Gone ” lawsuit .
Image
In examining questions of fair use of copyrighted work , courts have looked at whether a new work transforms the original in a significant way , Ms. Jenkins said , citing a Supreme Court ruling that a legitimate work must add “ something new , with a further purpose or different character , altering the first with new expression , meaning or message . ”
Mr. Colting , who is also the writer and publisher of lowbrow humor books for Nicotext , a Swedish company he started with a friend six years ago , said in a telephone interview that he never imagined that his book , which he described as his first attempt at serious fiction , might end up in court .
“ In Sweden we do n’t sue people , ” he said .
Marcia Paul , a lawyer for Mr. Salinger , declined to comment on the case , citing her client ’s desire for privacy .
Court documents filed in the case describe Mr. Salinger , now 90 , who lives in Cornish , N.H. , as totally deaf , with “ several age - related health problems , ” including a recently broken hip that has put him in a rehabilitation facility .
Mr. Salinger has not been photographed or granted an interview for decades .
Mr. Salinger will not attend the hearing , Ms. Paul said .
Though he has not published any new work since 1965 , he has sued several times to protect certain works , including successful efforts to stop publication of some of his personal letters in a biography and to halt a staging of “ The Catcher in the Rye ” by a college theater company in San Francisco .
He has also turned down requests , from Steven Spielberg , among others , for movie adaptations of “ The Catcher in the Rye . ”
“ He feels strongly that he wants his fiction and his characters to remain intact as he wrote them , ” according to an affidavit by his literary agent .
The government appoints the mufti but he says he is independent
Muslims should not use weapons of mass destruction and possess them only as a deterrent , a top Islamic cleric says .
Grand Mufti of Egypt Ali Gomaa said using such weapons would violate Islamic teachings as Muslims as well as non-Muslims could be killed .
He issued the religious ruling , or fatwa , following reports that the use of such weapons was legitimate , the state news agency Mena said .
His ruling comes just days before the visit of US President Barack Obama .
Mr Obama , who arrives on 4 June , is expected to give a speech on US relations with the Muslim world .
On a recent visit to Turkey he said the US was not at war with Islam and called for a greater partnership with the Muslim world .
Cairo has said it does not want to make atomic bombs and in the past has called for a region free of nuclear weapons .
Correspondents say that is a reference to Israel - the only Middle Eastern power suspected of possessing such an arsenal .
Pakistan is the only Muslim country known to have nuclear weapons , although Western powers and Israel suspect Iran of trying to develop an atomic bomb .
The grand mufti , who is state - appointed , said it was also not allowed for Muslims to kill civilians even during a declared war .
( CNN ) --
More than 1,000 police officers were deployed to the southern Israeli Bedouin town of Rahat on Sunday morning as two dozen Jewish right - wing extremists protested what they said was unlawful Arab construction on neighboring hilltops .
A Bedouin Arab girl protests near an Israeli police roadblock on the outskirts of Rahat in Israel on Sunday .
Several hundred Bedouin residents who are Israeli citizens held a counter - demonstration in the center of town .
About 25 protesters arrived in two buses under police presence .
They were allowed to march a short distance , as police on horseback and in a helicopter hovered around .
Police closed off the main road to prevent the two sides from coming into contact .
" They are taking over the land of Israel without permission , building on hilltops as you can see here to the right and to the left , " said Baruch Marzel , who is associated with the banned Kach movement .
Far - right parliament member Michael Ben Ari of the National Union party said allowing Bedouins to settle on hilltops while removing Jews from hilltops in the West Bank is discrimination .
In the town center , residents held a demonstration with lawmakers from Israeli Arab parties in attendance .
Talab El - Sana , a Bedouin from the Democratic Arab Party , urged the counter - demonstrators to show restraint .
" We told the people to be quiet , we are not against the policemen , we are against these people who call for discrimination or transfer for the Arabs , " he told CNN .
The march ended without any major incident .
All About Israel
Bubbles have been frequent in economic history , and they occur in the laboratories of experimental economics under conditions which -- when first studied in the 1980s -- were considered so transparent that bubbles would not be observed .
We economists were wrong :
Even when traders in an asset market know the value of the asset , bubbles form dependably .
Bubbles can arise when some agents buy not on fundamental value , but on price trend or momentum .
If momentum traders have more liquidity , they can sustain a bubble longer .
...
Gaussian Processes for Machine Learning Carl Edward Rasmussen and Christopher K. I. Williams
MIT Press , 2006 .
ISBN - 10 0-262-18253-X , ISBN - 13 978-0-262-18253-9 .
This book is © Copyright 2006 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
The MIT Press have kindly agreed to allow us to make the book available on the web .
The web version of the book corresponds to the 2nd printing .
You can buy the book for a list price of 36.00 US $ or 23.95 UK £ .
The whole book as a single pdf file .
List of contents and individual chapters in pdf format
Christina Bartolucci ... co-key makeup artist ( segment " The Man from Hollywood " ) ( as Cristina Bartolucci )
Toni G ... assistant makeup artist ( segment " The Missing Ingredient " ) ( as Toni G. )
Don Malot ... assistant hair stylist ( segments " The Man from Hollywood " , " The Misbehavers " ) / assistant makeup artist ( segments " The Man from Hollywood " , " The Misbehavers " )
Anna Marco ... key makeup artist / hair : Salma Hayek ( segment " The Misbehavers " ) / makeup artist
Barbara Olvera ... assistant hair stylist ( segment " The Missing Ingredient " )
Orlando ... hair stylist : Madonna
Ermahn Ospina ... key hair stylist ( segments " The Man from Hollywood " , " The Misbehavers " ) / key makeup artist ( segments " The Man from Hollywood " , " The Misbehavers " )
Michael Pachal ... key hair stylist ( segments " The Missing Ingredient " , " The Wrong Man " ) ( as Michael Ross )
Pamela Priest ... hair stylist : Bruce Willis
Paul Starr ... makeup artist : Madonna
Geoff Boucher of the Los Angeles Times , said yesterday : " David Tennant just happens to be making his very first trip to the San Diego expo to promote " Doctor Who , " a television series that he will soon be leaving behind .
" Peter Jackson , the producer of the two - film " Hobbit " series that begins its theatre run in 2011 , is also slated to appear this year , and , well you can see the dot - connecting possibilities .
...
New 3.2
Much more than just a calendar .
It ’s Fantastical .
The calendar app you wo n't be able to live without .
VIEWPOINT
Andrew Pendleton
The low - carbon revolution is not going to happen by itself , says Andrew Pendleton .
In this week 's Green Room , he calls on governments put the necessary frameworks in place that will allow the private sector to roll out the technologies needed to deliver the ambitious cuts in emissions .
A low carbon technology revolution will not simply happen , but requires government intervention
In the early 1980s , consultants McKinsey completed a study for a US telecoms company predicting there would be fewer than one million wireless subscribers in the US by the turn of the century .
Today , nearly 2.5 bn subscribers across the globe are using digital wireless technologies for voice , email , internet access , music and video services .
The firm is now at the forefront of predicting how different , climate - friendly technologies will help us reduce greenhouse gas emissions and at what cost .
In general , its message is helpful and optimistic suggesting , as former British Prime Minister Tony Blair argued recently , that much of the technology we need to fight climate change in the next decade is within our grasp .
However , we should be wary of predictions based on the status quo .
Last week , the UK government published an ambitious plan for transforming the British economy into one that is not only powered by low - carbon technology , but whose transport , housing and manufacturing are climate - friendly too .
Few could have predicted how wireless technologies would change our lives
The plan is to be applauded , as it signals a significant shift in climate policy from the lofty ideals of the climate change bill .
Its emissions reduction targets also suggest an approach that might best be termed " getting down to business " .
The plan is certain to come in for some stick ; and probably from several different angles at once .
The green campaigners , while broadly welcoming it , are generally of the view that it does not go far enough .
The acknowledgement that implementing the plan will increase household energy bills leaves the government open to attack from political opponents and consumer groups .
Certainly , one could quibble with some of the detail .
However , the message sent out by the very existence of a centrally planned , government - led , economy - wide response to climate change is loud and will be heard beyond Britain 's shores .
Carbon copy
It is a message that chimes with the results of a study recently completed by the Global Climate Network , an international coalition of think tanks of which IPPR is a founder member .
The UK government low carbon plan relies heavily on offshore wind Our research involved speaking to more than 100 leading business people , government officials and academics in eight countries : Australia , Brazil , China , Germany , India , Nigeria , South Africa and the US .
We reached three conclusions : First , we have argued that a low carbon technology revolution will not simply happen , but requires government intervention of the sort the UK government announced last week .
Our research clearly shows that one of the major barriers to low - carbon technology is the lack of coherent policy at the domestic level in both industrialised and developing countries .
A progressive strategy would include tough carbon standards for specific products or sectors , tax incentives to drive investment in low - carbon energy , structural changes to energy markets to encourage renewable energy and energy efficiency and , finally , much greater government support for research , development and demonstration of new inventions .
The need for finance is our second conclusion .
This is inescapable and logically follows on from the first conclusion .
Almost all of those whom we interviewed in our study identified the lack of upfront finance as being a major barrier to low carbon technology .
While the private sector may well eventually be the main source of low carbon finance , governments have to lead to make new technologies cheaper and less risky , both with technology policies and with public finance .
Third , we call for an International Technologies Initiative , which could help accelerate the development of new technology through collaboration .
' Valley of death '
The so - called " valley of death " that lies in between invention and commercialisation in which many great ideas perish cannot be allowed to kill off important low carbon inventions .
Carbon capture and storage schemes need public help to get off the ground Some will baulk at the suggestion that governments should have such a strong role in driving new , low carbon technology ; there will be muttering about the dangers of nations " picking winners " .
Yet the overwhelming conclusion of our study is that the low carbon technology revolution will not happen of its own accord ; it will require a strong , interventionist approach including technology policy .
Later this year in Copenhagen , the world 's environment ministers will come together for what is in theory a meeting to put the finishing touches to a new , global climate change agreement .
Currently however , the preparatory talks are deadlocked because developed countries refuse to accept ambitious emissions reduction targets and , as a result , developing countries refuse to talk about targets at all .
In truth , governments on either side of this divide do not fully understand how even the less ambitious of the targets on the table will be reached .
It is IPPR 's view that greater emphasis needs to be placed on getting the technology we all need demonstrably working , and developed government - led financing needs to draw in the big bucks from the private sector .
We should not look to the low - carbon future as the study of subscribers to wireless technology did in the 1980s .
This will lead to timid policymaking and defeatism in the face of the great global threat of climate change .
Instead , governments should get down to the business of setting technology policies today that at least stand a chance of delivering a low - carbon revolution tomorrow .
Andrew Pendleton is senior research fellow at IPPR , a UK public policy think - tank The Green Room is a series of opinion articles on environmental topics running weekly on the BBC News website Do you agree with Andrew Pendleton ?
Do governments need to do more to help deliver the technologies needed to cut emissions ?
Is the UK government 's low carbon plan a blueprint that other nations should adopt ?
Or can the markets alone deliver the necessary transition towards a cleaner , most energy efficient future ?
When are people going to get it into their heads that electricity can not , and will never be green when the majority of British electrical energy production comes from fossil fueled power stations .
Carbon storage is an unprooven technology , wind / wave / solar are super green but , because of the weather , unreliable , and we would need more turbines than we have space for .
The only method of producing our electrical energy reuirements that is both reliable and prooven is NUCLEAR energy .
A modern nuclear reactor , just one power station , would provide the energy equivalent to all existind and all proposed wind farms in the UK
Why is the government still chasing pipe - dreams when we already have the answer for 0 % carbon dioxide emissions .
It appears that after 11 years they have been " planned " and talking an aweful lot with absolutely nothing to show for it , in fact in reality we are in a much worse position than before , most of our nuclear power stations have been taken off line and are being decommissioned so since Labour have been in power our CO2 from energy production alone will have actually increased .
mark , whitehaven Carbon footprint ?
Hah !
The flow direction will be changed according to the elite 's needs and there is no immediate need .
The majority tends to follow , the few tend to lead , and the very few tend to hide
Chris Panayis , Cyprus Mr Lloyd Burt from the USA is mistaken on two key points : First , at an averaged continuous power rate ( ie allowing for when the wind does not blow ) , the wind turbines needed to supply 100 % of the energy distributed by our national grid would occupy much less than one tenth - not " one half " of the 250 thousand square km of our country .
The calculation - which Mr Burt perhaps should have performed before voicing his opinion - is quite simple : 2MW per square km equates 40 GW ( the UK's average grid throughput ) generated from 20 thousand square km .
A very large area , but less than one twentieth of the total UK landmass .
Moreover , Mr Burt omits three important factors : most of the land " occupied " by a wind turbine is still available for farming and other out - of - town functions ; at least half of the UK's wind energy in future is sure to come from turbines based in our shallow seas ; and a decent proportion of our electrical energy will come from resources other than wind .
Second , Mr Burt betrays a certain unfamiliarity with the whole energy question in declaring that the UK " uses 1000 GW per day " .
Watts , and kW and MW and GW , denote POWER ( ie the rate at which energy moves through a system ) .
He is confusing POWER with ENERGY , which is measured in ( for example ) kWh per hour , or TWh per year .
If Mr Burt wishes to pursue this matter further , he could look up several excellent North Americam websites , including the World Resources Institute .
It would be nice to hear from him again , once he has cleared up some of these muddles .
Mike Koefman , Manchester , UK ONLY AT FIRST SIGHT does this piece seem to be in English .
Perhaps there is a translation available , or maybe it is a coded message only for those who already know who they are .
Until we are ready to face up to reality ( as she changes ) and work honestly using valid communication and language and can put aside dressed - up attempts at further delusion and procrastination from whatever source and power base , Green means stupid .
Peter , Swansea Wales UK
The average UK electricity demand for a house where the heating is non electric is about 350kWh per month .
10 - 15 square metres of Solar panelling ( main summer supply ) and a 3 m wind turbine ( winter supply ) with 9m3 hydrogen storage and 3 kW Fuel Cell guarantee 365/24/7 supply for UK Average wind speed and insolation values .
In actuality that means that the house produces an electricity surplus around 75 % of the time ( which could charge up your electric vehicle ) .
Current retail costs for solar & wind turbine work out to about £ 3 K per unit , the fuel cell is about another £ 3 K and I estimate the storage tank , inverter and wiring etc. to cost around £ 4 - 5 K .
Then you have installation costs .
So , about £ 15 K in all plus installation charges .
At current electricity prices , factored over the 25 yr life span of the solar panels , show that the total actual electricity generated by the £ 3,000 panels would cost £ 6,625 if bought from the grid .
Wind power gives similar savings .
So , at todays prices , by investing upfront in your own microgeneration , you would end up paying less than half your total electricity costs if you could install the equipment yourself .
Including the fuel cell and storage costs to enable electricity on demand 365/ 24/7 shows that going off grid costs about the same as staying on grid over a 25 yr lifespan and assuming electricity prices remain constant .
Obviously areas of the UK with above average climactic conditions would find much more significant savings .
Peter Tanczos , Surbiton UK
I agree but feel too much confidence is held out for private enterprise to tackle the problem .
The corporations are wrapped up in legal documents which effectively keep them bound to past contracts and making a profit .
Corporate preferred provider networks wo n't take kindly to interference in what they consider profit making ventures and the political dealings that brings about .
There are two hundred some countries in the world and each and every one of them is going to have to come to terms with a new interpretation of what an ' Act of God ' implies as far as business is concerned .
This is serious business to keep the planet habitable and the seas alive and it deserves everyone 's attention .
Dale Lanan , Longmont , Colorado , USA Politicians are handling climate change like any other issue on their list ; they are short sighted and focused on re-election .
Climate change is not just another issue ; it is the greatest challenge humanity has yet faced .
Clear action is needed now , cost is always a factor but surely the survival of the planet and humanity comes first !?
haz , uk Andrew is dead on point with his comments ,
The biggest issue with current green technologies is their intermittent nature ( the sun does n't shine all the time nor does the wind blow all the time )
So storing the energy when the conditions are right for the times when there not is a big stumbling block .
We have a company up here in Sheffield that has already cracked that problem .
Dr Don Highgate has brought the cost of manufacturing hydrogen electrolysers down enormously .
If we hooked his electrolyser technologies up in conjunction with Wind / Solar / Hydro and Tidal we would have a fantastic storage medium for this intermittent power for use at the previously mentioned non optimal times .
It 's Visionaries like Dr. Highgate that need the support that Andrew is talking about .
Efficiencies are being brought in to play year on year with Solar cells being produced from cheaper materials and converting more of the sunlight there exposed to into useable power , Wind turbines producing more and at lower wind speeds .
If the Government , Venture Capitalist / Private Equity , and the big banks could get there acts together and put forth a co-ordinated fund to push forward the efficiency research to make Solar , Wind , and Tidal not necessarily stand alone power providers but working in conjunction with technology produced by companies , we may be able to break away from the dependence on Foreign energy .
By being able to store the Nations energy supply in the form of Hydrogen which can power cars as well as the nations grid .
With the investment I feel it is the perfect solution .
Jon Cowley , Sheffield UK
The idea that much of the technology required to transition to a low carbon economy is within our grasp is patent rubbish .
Such a transition will be technically difficult and expensive .
The most economically effective scheme would be a shift to nuclear power generation , but even this would involve additional costs and take significant time .
Unfortunately our politicians are enamored with diffuse non-dispatchable renewable energy , the cost involved in getting these to substantially reduce our carbon emissions will ultimately turn out to be prohibitively expensive - but climate change policy is driven by environmental ideology , so that 's what we 'll get .
There is pretty well no political debate on this in the UK anymore as all mainstream political parties join the " who can be most virtuous on climate change " band wagon .
With the media 's love of catastrophic headlines and lecturing us on our social responsibilities , we have no help from that quarter .
This will be to our common misfortune and in the end we will all pay the price with exorbitant energy bills .
This article is just a plea to keep the gravy train flowing .
Gary Moran , Birmingham , UK Taking the matter up to 2050 is like a ' Halley 's Comet approach ' because world can not afford any postponement .
It 's an irony that 17 countries - that together emit 80 % of the world 's green house gases , could not reach to an agreement in G - 8 summit .
All the expectations are from the Copenhagen meeting .
Next would be the implementation part that is the biggest challenge as these govts have to regulate the lifestyles of 6.8 bn people and numbers are not stable but growing rapidly .
As carbon dioxide level have already crossed the 380 ppm mark , life would be tough in the transition phase .
Andrew Pendelton is correct we need a low carbon revolution but a comprehensive strategy based on the current targets is urgently needed .
Sanjay Singh Thakur , Indore , India
The reason the low carbon revolution will not happen on it's own is because of a fatal flaw in the economy , humans .
Unfortunately , though on an individual level we are capable of fantastic acts of altruism , on a species level we seem to respond only to very base - selfish instincts .
We need to start understanding that the state of the environment , not just global warming but habitat destruction , pillaging natural resources etc. is down to our selfishness and lack of foresight .
Until there 's a financial reason to buy environmentally friendly products the market place will be governed by the cheap products .
I hope to be proved wrong .
Chris , Bristol I believe that Andrew Pendleton is correct , Governments should be doing more to lower the carbon footprint ( and put renewable energy sources ) into homes .
If you look at many of the systems avaiable to home users they are not widely advertised or known about .
I think that Governments should introduce new building legislation to say that if viable home wind generators and rain water collection tanks ( used to flush toilets etc ) should have to be built and integrated into homes ( and any other future viable and proven technology ) .
Aaron Peach , Gosport
It would require covering 1/2 of the UK with wind turbines ( and that all of those somehow , magically be on suitable sites ) to reliably provide the 1000 gigawatts per day the UK uses .
You can delude yourself with similar " green " and " carbon free " energy sources but in the end you 're going to build nuclear plants if you want to avoid carbon .
I 'd suggest you get going on that as soon as possible and just tell the more radical greens to get over it .
Lloyd Burt , Charlotte , NC , USA
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Rupert Murdoch 's News Group News­papers has paid out more than £ 1 m to settle legal cases that threatened to reveal evidence of his journalists ' repeated involvement in the use of criminal methods to get stories .
The payments secured secrecy over out - of - court settlements in three cases that threatened to expose evidence of Murdoch journalists using private investigators who illegally hacked into the mobile phone messages of numerous public ­figures as well as gaining unlawful access to confidential personal data , including tax records , social security files , bank statements and itemised phone bills .
Cabinet ministers , MPs , actors and sports stars were all targets of the private investigators .
Today , the Guardian reveals details of the suppressed evidence , which may open the door to hundreds more legal actions by victims of News Group , the Murdoch company that publishes the News of the World and the Sun , as well as provoking police inquiries into reporters who were involved and the senior executives responsible for them .
The evidence also poses difficult questions for :
• Conservative leader David Cameron 's director of communications , Andy Coulson , who was deputy editor and then editor of the News of the World when , the suppressed evidence shows , journalists for whom he was responsible were engaging in hundreds of apparently illegal acts .
• Murdoch executives who , albeit in good faith , misled a parliamentary select committee , the Press Complaints Commission and the public .
• The Metropolitan police , which did not alert all those whose phones were targeted , and the Crown Prosecution Service , which did not pursue all possible charges against News Group personnel .
• The Press Complaints Commission , which claimed to have conducted an investigation , but failed to uncover any evidence of illegal activity .
The suppressed legal cases are linked to the jailing in January 2007 of a News of the World reporter , Clive Goodman , for hacking into the mobile phones of three royal staff , an offence under the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act .
At the time , News International said it knew of no other journalist who was involved in hacking phones and that Goodman had acted without their knowledge .
But one senior source at the Met told the Guardian that during the Goodman inquiry , officers found evidence of News Group staff using private investigators who hacked into " thousands " of mobile phones .
Another source with direct knowledge of the police findings put the figure at " two or three thousand " mobiles .
They suggest that MPs from all three parties and cabinet ministers , including former deputy prime minister John Prescott and former culture secretary Tessa Jowell , were among the targets .
Last night , Prescott said : " I think Mr Cameron should be thinking of getting rid of Coulson . "
However , a spokeswoman for Cameron said the Tory leader was " very relaxed about the story " .
Lib Dem MP
Simon Hughes , one of many victims of mobile phone hacking by Rupert Murdoch 's News Group Newspapers , comments on the huge out - of - court settlements guardian.co.uk
News International has always maintained it had no knowledge of phone hacking by anybody acting on its behalf .
Murdoch told Bloomberg news last night that he knew nothing about the payments .
" If that had happened I would know about it , " he said .
A private investigator who had worked for News Group , Glenn Mulcaire , was also jailed in January 2007 .
He admitted hacking into the phones of five other targets , including the chief ­executive of the Professional Footballers ' Association , Gordon Taylor .
Among the phones he hacked were those of the Lib Dem MP Simon Hughes , celebrity PR Max Clifford , model Elle MacPherson and football agent Sky Andrew .
News Group denied all knowledge of the hacking , but Taylor last year sued them on the basis that they must have known about it .
In documents initially submitted to the high court , News Group executives said the company had not been involved in any way in Mulcaire 's hacking of Taylor 's phone .
They denied keeping any recording or notes of intercepted messages .
But , at the request of Taylor 's lawyers , the court ordered the production of detailed evidence from Scotland Yard 's inquiry in the Goodman case , and from an inquiry by the Information Commissioner 's office into journalists who dishonestly obtain confidential personal records .
The Scotland Yard files included paperwork which revealed that , contrary to News Group 's denial , Mulcaire had provided a recording of the messages on Taylor 's phone to a News of the World journalist who had transcribed them and emailed them to a senior reporter , and that a News of the World executive had offered Mulcaire a substantial bonus for a story specifically related to the intercepted messages .
Several famous figures in football are among those whose messages were intercepted .
Coulson was editing the paper at this time .
He said last night : " This story relates to an alleged payment made after I left the News of the World two and half years ago .
I have no knowledge whatsoever of any settlement with Gordon Taylor .
" The Mulcaire case was investigated thoroughly by the police and by the Press Complaints Commission .
I took full responsibility at the time for what happened on my watch but without my knowledge and resigned . "
The paperwork from the Information Commission revealed the names of 31 journalists working for the News of the World and the Sun , together with the details of government agencies , banks , phone companies and others who were conned into handing over confidential information .
This is an offence under the Data Protection
Act unless it is justified by public interest .
Senior editors are among those implicated .
This activity occurred before the mobile phone hacking , at a time when Coulson was deputy and the editor was Rebekah Wade , now due to become chief executive of News International .
The extent of their personal knowledge , if any , is not clear : the News of the World has always insisted that it would not break the law and would use subterfuge only if essential in the public interest .
Faced with this evidence , News International changed their position , started offering huge cash payments to settle the case out of court , and finally paid out £ 700,000 in legal costs and damages on the condition that Taylor signed a gagging clause to prevent him speaking about the case .
The payment is believed to have included more than £ 400,000 in damages .
News Group then persuaded the court to seal the file on Taylor 's case to prevent all public access , even though it contained prima facie evidence of criminal activity .
The Scotland Yard paperwork also provided evidence that the News of the World had been involved with Mulcaire in his hacking of the mobile phones of at least two other football figures .
They filed complaints , which were settled this year when News International paid more than £ 300,000 in damages and costs on condition that they signed gagging clauses .
Taylor declined to make any comment .
Goodman , now out of jail , said : " My comment is not even ' no comment ' . "
A spokesman for News International said : " News International feels it is inappropriate to comment at this time . "
Last night , John Whittingdale , the Conservative MP who chairs the culture , media and sport select committee , said the revelation " raises a number of questions that we would want to put to News International " .
He added : " The fact that other people beyond the royal family had their calls intercepted was well known .
But we were absolutely assured by News International that none of their journalists were aware of that , that Goodman was acting alone and that Mulcaire was a rogue agent " .
Asked if the committee would reopen the issue , he said : " The committee will want to discuss it very urgently .
I think we will do so tomorrow morning , and if we decide that there are further questions to ask , then certainly we would summon back witnesses and ask those questions . "
Former Sunday Times editor Andrew Neil described the story last night as " one of the most significant media stories of modern times " .
" It suggests that rather than being a one - off journalist or rogue private investigator , it was systemic throughout the News of the World , and to a lesser extent the Sun , " he said .
" Particularly in the News of the World , this was a newsroom out of control .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediaguardian.co.uk or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Posted 2009-05-24 08:30:00 GMT
Finally , I 've got round to releasing my Common Lisp web application platform .
It is running this blog which has the rather unique feature that comments pop up immediately for everybody whenever anybody comments on an article .
It is faster than all ( ? ) other web application frameworks .
Please let me know if you can find a faster one !
I gave a talk with benchmarks at the Tokyo Linux User Group .
The main code is at github .
git clone git://github.com/vii/teepeedee2.git
[ UPDATE — thanks for your input slashdot and for finding a bug for me triggered by lots of comments .
I 've patched it now . . .]
And here is the code that runs this blog
( in - package #:tpd2.blog ) ( defun tech-css ( ) ( css-html - style ( ( " .inherit " < input < a ) : text - decoration " inherit " : color " inherit " : background - color " inherit " : font - size " inherit " : font - weight " inherit " : font - family " inherit " : border " none " : padding " 0 0 0 0 " : margin " 0 0 0 0 " ) ( ( < body " h1.title " ) : margin " 0 0 0 0 " : padding " 0 0 0 0 " ) ( < body : font - family " georgia , serif " : font - weight " lighter " : color " black " : background - color " white " ) ( " [ onclick ] " : cursor " pointer " ) ( " .blog -entry - post - comment [ onclick ] " : text - decoration " underline " ) ( " div.comment : first- child " : margin -top " 3em " ) ( " .blog-entry " : margin - left " 2em " : margin - right " 2em " ) ( " .blog-entry- story , .blog - entry - comments " : font - size " 1.3em " :x- column - width " 30 em " :x- column - gap " 2em " ) ( " .blog - entry - story P + P " : text - indent " 1em " ) ( " .blog - entry - story A " : text - decoration " underline " ) ( " .blog - entry - story P " : line - height " 1.6em " ) ( ( < h1 < h2 < h3 < h4 ) : font - family " verdana , sans - serif " : font - weight " lighter " : font - stretch " narrower " : letter - spacing " 0.09em " : margin - left " 1em " : margin - right " 1em " ) ( < h2 : font - size " 200 % " ) ( " h1.title " : padding - top " 1em " : text - align " right " : font - size " 300 % " : color " white " :background-color " rgb( 76,6,81 ) " ) ( " .blog-entry - post - comment textarea " : width " 100 % " : height " 30 em " ) ( " .time " :x-opacity 0.60 : margin - right " 16 % " : text - align " right " : font - size " 50 % " ) ( " .time .author " : font - size " 200 % " ) ( ".blog-entry- post - comment [ name=AUTHOR ] " : border - bottom " thin solid " ) ) ) ( defsite * tech- blog- site * : dispatcher " 127.0.0.1:11111 " : page - body - start ( lambda ( title ) `( < div : class " header " ( < h1 : class " title " ( < a : href " / " ( output - raw - ml , title ) ) ) ) ) : page - head ( lambda ( title ) `( with - ml - output ( < title ( output - raw - ml , title ) ) ( tech-css ) ( webapp - default - page-head- contents ) ) ) ) ( defparameter * tech * ( make - blog : link - base " / " : comment - index - prefix " vii " : name " John Fremlin 's blog " : dir " .... " : static-base-url " / static -blog / " : site * tech-blog-site * :admin-password - file " .... " ) ) ( defun read - in - blog ( ) ( blog - read - in * tech * ) ) ( in - package #:teepeedee2 ) #.( when ( find - package : swank ) ( push : tpd2 - has - swank * features * ) nil ) ( defun run -thread ( name function ) ( with - preserve - specials ( * trace- output * * standard - output * * error - output * * debug-io * #+tpd2-has - swank swank ::* emacs-connection * ) ( flet ( ( func ( ) ( with - specials - restored ( funcall function ) ) ) ) # +sbcl ( sb - thread : make - thread #'func : name name ) # +ccl ( ccl:process - run- function name #' func ) ) ) ) ( loop for port in '( 11111 ) do ( let ( ( socket ( tpd2.io:make - con - listen : port port ) ) ) ( tpd2.io:launch - io ' tpd2.io:accept-forever socket ' tpd2.http::http-serve ) ) ) ( run -thread " read in blog " ( lambda ( ) ( loop do ( tpd2.blog ::read - in- blog ) ( sleep 300 ) ) ) ) ( run-thread " tpd2.io:event-loop " ( lambda ( ) ( tpd2.datastore:datastore-use-file " datastore.log " ) ( tpd2.io:event-loop ) ) )
There ’s no point spending big on a bike then storing it somewhere where it ’s vulnerable overnight .
Advertisement
For those of us without the space to store our pride and joy inside the house , garages and sheds are the next best thing , but they can still be vulnerable to break - ins .
If you want to keep thieves at bay , we ’ve got some handy tips to make your bike shed storage more secure .
The first rule of shed club …
The first rule of bike storage is simple : do n’t let people know you have a bike .
A garage or bike shed is never going to be up there with Fort Knox in the security stakes , but it does n’t need to be if you take the right approach .
If the local ne ’er - do - wells do n’t know you have a valuable bike in your shed , they are unlikely to put much effort into breaking in , especially if you fit enough basic security measures to convince them to move onto an easier target .
It ’s easier said than done but there are some simple things to avoid .
Do you use Strava ?
It ’s crucial that you either do n’t start recording your ride until you ’re a few miles away from your house , keep your profile private , or set up a ‘ privacy zone ’ .
The last thing you want is to provide thieves with a direct map straight to your front door .
It ’s also tempting to put up pictures of your shiny new bike on social media .
While it ’s great you are proud of your bike , be cautious .
Think about whether your profile gives away enough clues to work out where you live , as well as showing exactly how lovely your new bike is and where it may be stored .
Location , location , location
Where you choose to store your bike will depend on a number of factors , including the value of the bike or bikes , your budget and the amount of available space , but the key criterion should be the location .
If you live in a dodgy area , even bricks and mortar may not deter the criminals .
On the other side of town , a wooden shed with a few extra security measures may be enough .
There are five main types of storage to consider :
Inside your house :
This will depend on the amount of space you have and the tolerance levels of your partner / spouse / flatmates .
Overall , security is high , especially if you can lock your bike to an immovable object .
Garage : Perfect .
You can store your bike and work on it , without worrying about getting oil stains on the carpet .
The drawback ?
Not everyone has one or has the space / money for one .
The door is generally the weak point , but you can improve security by fitting a Garage Door Defender .
Internally , you can beef up security by using a ground or wall anchor ( see below ) and a decent motorcycle chain .
Brick / breeze - block shed :
The next best option , but if you have n’t already got one they ’re not cheap and may need planning permission .
See below for some tips on making it more secure .
Flat - pack shed :
They ’re relatively cheap , easy to put up and will hide your bike (s ) from view , but they ’re far from secure .
For the purposes of this article , we ’ll focus on this type of storage because it ’s a common choice and there are some simple precautions you can take to make your shed much less attractive to thieves .
Standalone bike shelter :
If you ’re short of space and need somewhere dry to store your bike , these are an option .
In many cases they are no more secure than a shed ( or considerably less so ) and offer no room to work on your bike , but there are much burlier options out there , including metal bike sheds from the likes of Asgard .
See below for more tips on making a standalone bike shelter more secure .
Matthew Allen / Immediate Media
Are your bikes insured ?
Insuring your bikes will provide peace of mind should the worst happen .
You should always pay attention to the small print when taking out an insurance policy but , in this instance , if you ’re not storing your bikes inside then it ’s particularly important to ensure any policy covers a wooden shed or wherever you choose to keep your bikes .
Only some policies cover bike storage in lockable wooden sheds and almost all require bikes to be secured to an immovable object .
If you do choose to take out insurance , do your research and make sure you ’re covered .
Our comprehensive guide to bicycle insurance will help .
If you ’re looking for a quick comparison of the best bicycle insurance on the market , our comparison tool , developed in conjunction with QuoteZone , will provide quotes for cycling - specific coverage from a wide range of leading providers .
5 top tips for bike shed security
Whether you ’ve plumped for the wooden shed option , or just want some ideas on making other forms of storage more secure , here are some handy tips .
1 . Be realistic
A shed is never going to stand up to a serious attack by thieves .
Offenders have been known to jemmy off a whole side panel or roof to get inside .
The trick is to site it in an area where it is difficult for thieves to operate , avoid drawing attention to it , and install as many security measures as possible to protect your precious bike (s ) .
The harder you can make a thief work , and the longer it takes them to crack your defences , the more likely they are to pass up the opportunity , or give up and move on to an easier target .
2 . Choose your shed location carefully
The ideal site for your shed is somewhere difficult for thieves to reach , yet not so tucked away that criminals can operate without fear of being seen .
In this case , the shed below has been built in a backyard / driveway accessed by a private road .
The shed ca n’t be seen from the main road and because the access road is only used by a handful of households , any strangers in the area will immediately arouse suspicions .
The neighbours are friendly and several are elderly so they are around during the day .
The shed can be seen from several surrounding houses and is within range of a security light fitted with a movement sensor .
When a car is parked in the driveway next to the shed , the door ca n’t be opened , providing extra security .
Immediate Media Co
3 . Take care when choosing the type of shed
There are three main types of shed : wood ( cheap and blends in well but prone to rotting and less secure ) , metal ( strong , durable and fire retardant but prone to rust and walls are very thin on cheap models ) and plastic ( low maintenance but prone to condensation ) .
Generally , the more you pay , the thicker the walls will be and the more secure the shed will be .
4 . Think about the design of the structure
If the shed is going to be used purely for storage , and not as a workshop , consider getting one without windows because these are an obvious weak point .
The door should be clearly visible , either from your house or neighbouring properties .
Double doors will enable you to get bikes in and out more easily .
5 . Work out the shed ’s weaknesses
In this case , the door hinges are secured by small screws , the lock provided with the shed is extremely basic and the windows mean the contents are on display .
Inside there is nothing to lock your prized possession (s ) to .
2020 bicycle insurance discount codes
We have worked with a number of leading insurance suppliers to offer BikeRadar readers a selection of exclusive discount codes and deals on cycling - specific policies .
Always read the small print to ensure your policy covers your requirements .
Yellow Jersey : get 10 per cent off with the discount code BIKERADAR10
get 10 per cent off with the discount code Bikmo : get 10 per cent off with the discount code RADAR
get 10 per cent off with the discount code Sundays : get 15 per cent off with the discount code BIKERAD15
get 15 per cent off with the discount code Pedalsure : get 15 per cent off via this link
Step - by - step guide to improving bike shed security
In the first half of our guide , we showed you how to improve the basic security of your shed .
In part two we ’ll explain how to really beef - up your shed ’s security .
1. Toughen - up the hinges
Immediate Media Co
In this case , the hinges are attached to the soft timber door using seven short screws .
If a thief shoulder barges / kicks the door with enough force , these could just rip out of the wood .
Failing that , it would n’t take a determined thief long to simply unscrew them all .
Immediate Media Co
To make life harder for the crims , take out the screws , widen the holes using a drill and replace the screws with nuts and bolts .
Immediate Media Co
Then you need to make sure thieves can’t simply unscrew the bolts .
In this case , we ’ve added a drop of superglue where the shaft of each bolt meets the nut .
Immediate Media Co
Other options include using Allen key bolts and hammering ball bearings into the end so they ca n’t be unscrewed , or using one - way security screws .
2 . Add hasps and padlocks
Immediate Media Co
The basic locks thats come with most sheds are next to useless , so fit at least one hasp with a decent padlock .
There is always a trade - off between increasing security and making it obvious you ’ve got something to hide .
Fit several hasps with high - end padlocks and you risk attracting unwanted attention , but rely on the in - built lock and you may regret it .
Here we ’ve used a Powerlok from Squire , which has an 11 mm shackle made of hardened boron alloy steel and a five - pin tumbler lock .
It comes with a 10 - year guarantee .
Consider using different locks from different manufacturers to make a thief ’s job that little bit harder .
Again , using bolts to secure the hasps instead of screws will make them harder to break .
3 . Fit an alarm
Immediate Media Co
At the end of the day , a determined burglar is always going to be able to break into your shed .
The next step is to make sure they do n’t hang around if they do breach the external security .
An alarm is the obvious answer .
Immediate Media Co
They ’re available from most DIY / hardware stores or online .
This particular model combines a movement sensor with a door trigger and can be armed and disarmed using a key - fob remote control .
The sensor is angled to cover the windows , so if anyone breaks the glass the alarm should sound .
Home security devices have improved significantly in recent years so you may also consider fitting an alarm or camera that can be monitored via a smartphone .
4 . Obscure the view through the windows
Immediate Media Co
If a thief can see you have an expensive bike , they ’re more likely to go through the effort of breaking into your shed rather than moving onto an easier target .
Windows are an obvious weak point .
If your shed is purely for storage , try to find one without any windows .
If you ’ll be using it as a workshop , a bit of natural light may be worth the slight loss of security .
Immediate Media Co
There are various ways to make the glass opaque and stop would - be thieves from peering in .
In this case , we ’ve gone for a can of spray - on glass frosting from a DIY store .
The advantage of this method is that it can be washed off with warm water if needed .
Other options include stick - on film sheets ( difficult to apply without air bubbles but have the added advantage of preventing the glass from shattering if broken ) and replacing the original windows with opaque glass .
Immediate Media Co
Once applied , light can still flood in but it ’s impossible to make out what is stored inside .
Another option is to board up windows but that , of course , will prevent natural light from getting in , even if it does improve security .
5. Consider securing the shed to the ground
In this case , the shed pictured is large ( 5ft x 12ft ) and heavy – it took six people to lift the roof into place – so it is unlikely thieves will be able to simply lift up one side to gain access .
However , if you feel there is a risk of this happening to you , consider fixing the shed to the ground using L - brackets ( also known as corner braces or angle brackets ) , screws and Rawl plugs .
Improving your shed ’s internal security measures
The first and best line of defence is to stop a thief getting into your garage or shed in the first place , but if the worst should happen , having your bikes securely locked down may stop them being rolled out into the night and off to the dodgy second - hand market , or sold for parts .
One thing that will make the thieves job easier is having tools to hand .
There ’s no point in having secure locks if you ’ve got crowbars , saws and screwdrivers within reach .
Make sure any tools you do have are either locked securely away in the shed or stored in a different location .
Apart from anything else , you do n’t want them going missing as well .
While these measures will help prevent a thief from making off with your frame , the parts on your bike are another story .
Working undisturbed , some thieves will strip down a locked bike , removing things such as dropper seatposts , handlebars and even brakes and gears .
Data tagging these valuable individual parts can help to dissuade thieves from making an attempt on parts if they see the label , or help recover stolen parts .
Advertisement
Otherwise , here are three tips to improve your shed ’s internal security .
1. Choose how to store your bike
Are you going to be storing your bikes hanging up or standing ?
This will be partly determined by the space you have to store them in , but is important because this will also determine how long your cables and locks need to be to keep everything locked down .
There are four options here :
Lean your bike against wall :
The easy option , but the bike takes up valuable space and can be knocked over easily Use a wheel rack to hold the bike up :
Takes up just as much space , but is n’t as easy to knock over Hang from a hook horizontally :
This frees up floor space but , depending on the height of the shed , you may only be able to fit one bike per wall .
You can also buy ‘ horizontal ’ racks to use in the home Hang from a hook vertically :
This frees up more space than any of the other options , as long as your shed is high enough
Our buyer ’s guide to indoor bike storage systems will help you work out which one works best for the storage space you have .
2 . Choose your lock
Once you ’ve got your storage sorted it ’s time to buy some decent heavy - duty locks and ground anchors .
You ’ll need to make sure each chain is long enough to secure your bike (s ) with but not so long that it ’s easy for thieves to use cutting tools on .
D - Locks ( also known as U - Locks ) are great for locking up your bike when you ’re out and about because they ’re relatively small and light .
When it comes to shed security , weight does n’t matter , so it ’s a good idea to invest in a heavy - duty motorbike - style chain lock instead .
Some of the best ones even come with a scaled - down D - Lock instead of a padlock .
For ultimate toughness , look for a Sold Secure rating .
Sold Secure is an independent organisation administered by the Master Locksmiths Association .
To achieve a top ‘ Gold ’ rating , a lock must hold out for five minutes against a sophisticated array of tools .
Check out our guide to the best bike locks and chains for more .
3 . Lock it to something secure and immoveable
There ’s no good having an expensive lock if there ’s nothing to lock your bike to .
Unless it ’s fixed to an immovable object , it will be easy for thieves to steal and may not be covered by insurance .
The solution , particularly for garages and sheds , is to fit a lock anchor .
The best option is a heavy - duty floor anchor bolted into concrete , but even a wall anchor screwed into a wooden shed panel or fencepost will provide some extra security .
( CNN ) -- Judges in Texas and Florida have dropped military contractor KBR from lawsuits brought by the family of a soldier who was electrocuted in Iraq , the company announced Tuesday .
Sgt. Christopher Everett was electrocuted in 2005 at an American base outside Ramadi , in western Iraq .
Sgt. Christopher Everett died while using a power washer at an American base outside Ramadi , in western Iraq .
His was one of nine electrocution deaths in Iraq blamed on " improper grounding or faulty equipment , " according to a Pentagon inspector - general 's report released Monday .
KBR was one of the contractors Everett 's family has sued in connection with his death .
But federal courts in Louisiana and Texas have thrown out the family 's claims against the Houston , Texas - based company , KBR announced Tuesday .
" The dismissal orders affirm that despite repeated criticism and statements made by several public officials on Capitol Hill and related media reports , KBR had no involvement in the factors that led to the tragic death of Sergeant Everett , " Andrew D. Farley , the company 's senior vice president and general counsel , said in a written statement .
KBR 's work in Iraq and Afghanistan has come under extensive criticism from members of Congress .
The company has defended its performance and argued that it was not to blame for any fatalities .
Monday 's report from the Pentagon 's inspector - general criticized the company in the death of another soldier , Staff Sgt. Ryan Maseth , who was electrocuted in his shower in his Baghdad quarters .
The report found that " multiple systems and organizations failed , " leaving Maseth " exposed to unacceptable risk . "
It concluded that a water pump installed by KBR was not grounded , leading to Maseth 's electrocution when it short - circuited , and the company did not report improperly grounded equipment during routine maintenance .
But it also found that Maseth 's commanders failed to ensure renovations to the palace had been properly done and the Army did not set electrical standards for jobs or contractors .
Maseth 's family also has sued KBR .
The company has had no comment on the inspector - general 's findings , but company spokeswoman Heather Browne says it was not responsible for Maseth 's death .
The building where Maseth was quartered was one of Saddam Hussein 's former palaces , and Browne said the building " had not been grounded or bonded by the contractors who built the structure . "
In addition , she said , KBR had warned the military about the hazard nine months before Maseth 's January 2008 death .
" Prior to that incident , the military never directed KBR to repair , upgrade or improve the grounding system in the building in which Maseth resided , nor was KBR directed to perform any preventative maintenance at this facility , " she said in a statement issued to CNN .
But Maseth 's mother said she was " pleased " by the finding that KBR installed the water pump blamed for her son 's death .
" The results are revealing and contrary to what KBR and its president have continuously stated over the past year , " Cheryl Harris told CNN .
All About Iraq • KBR Inc. • The Pentagon
It 's the early twentieth century Sweden .
Adolescent siblings Alexander and Fanny Ekdahl lead a relatively joyous and exuberant life with their well - off extended paternal family , led by the family matriarch , their grandmother , Helena Ekdahl .
The openness of the family culture is exemplified by Helena 's now deceased husband ending up becoming best friends with one of her lovers , a Jewish puppet maker named Isak Jacobi , and their Uncle Gustav Adolf 's open liaison with one of the family maids , Maj , who everyone in the family adores , even Gustav Adolf 's wife , Alma .
Between the siblings , Alexander in particular has inherited the family 's love of storytelling , his parents and his grandmother who are actors and who manage their own theater .
Things change for Alexander and Fanny when their father , Oscar , dies shortly after Christmas 1907 .
Although she truly does believe she loves him , the children 's mother , Emilie , decides to marry Bishop Edvard Vergérus , who she first met as the officiate at ... Written by Huggo
Benjamin J. Heckendorn seems unusually enthused by his latest hack 'n mod , calling the Commodore 64 laptop " probably one of , if not my favorite project I have done . "
That 's saying something from the man who brought the " Benheck " finesse hammer down upon just about every modern and classic PC / game console and accessory you can think of .
The C64 lappie features a C64C motherboard , a Gamecube power supply , and special 1541 - III DTV device that emulates a floppy drive using a FAT - 32 formatted SD card -- all while keeping true to the beige 8 - bit spirit of the original .
And if we 're not mistaken , he 's controlling it with an Atari joystick seen in the video posted after the break .
Then again , there could be an Xbox 360 controller hiding in that joystick knowing Ben . [ Via Nowhereelse
Fun fact : Apparently Crash has been the # 1 most - rented movie on Neflix ever since it was released on DVD in 2005 .
In almost four years , it has n’t been dethroned once ; not even by uberhits like The Dark Knight , WALL-E , Transformers , or Indian Jones and The Kingdom of the Raging Shitfest .
Sure , more people saw those four films in the theater , negating the need for a rental , but still … three years !
Untouched !
As a film buff , normally a smaller film maintaining such a Herculean feat over bloated studio pics would leave me overjoyed .
It does n't though .
Why ?
Cause I fucking hate Crash .
To me , Crash is just as bloated and emotionally shallow as Indiana Jones 4 , but far more obnoxious .
At least I ’ve never heard anyone claim Indiana Jones 4 was “ moving ” or “ powerful , ” and it certainly did n’t win an Oscar for Best fucking Picture .
I ’m generally a forgiving filmgoer , but Crash ’s gross tone of self - importance really bugged the shit out of me .
The movie casts itself as a gritty and in - your - face exposé on race in contemporary America , but it is n’t exposing jack .
And it ’s certainly not gritty .
It ’s pandering in knowingly fabricated , cheesy moments to elicit easy emotions .
It does n’t bother me if you like Crash .
That ’s your problem .
It does n’t really bother me that it won Best Picture either .
Who actually takes the Oscars seriously ?
But I was hoping / expecting that the movie would just die slowly and forgotten in the cinema graveyard , existing only as a factoid in Oscar history .
But no - it has become super popular !
It ’s quickly on its way to being a fucking film classic !
Damn you Netflix !
Why are you doing this to me ?
After all our good times together ?
Stallion Ejaculation Induced by Manual Stimulation of the Penis
From The Journal of Theriogenology , Vol.31 No.2 , February 1989
by Jim Crump , Jr. and Julia Crump
Roanoke AI Laboratories , Inc .
8535 Martin Creek Road ,
Roanoke , VA 24018
Received for publication : February 25 , 1988
Accepted : November 21 , 1988
ABSTRACT
This paper reports the use of a procedure for collection of semen from stallions by manual stimulation of the penis while the stallion is standing .
Our use of this method with 18 stallions of various ages and types of semen collection experience indicates that this method may be an efficient alternative to traditional semen collection techniques using an artificial vagina and stimulus mare or dummy mount mare .
Our observations , together with those of others who have tried the manual technique , suggest that both animals and handlers can be readily trained to use this method .
Limited data suggests that semen samples obtained by manual stimulation are similar to those obtained using an artificial vagina .
Key Words : equine , stallion , semen collection , artificial insemination
The authors wish to thank Drs. R.M. Kenny and Sue M. McDonnell of Hoffman Center for Reproductive Studies , University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine , for assistance in preparation of this manuscript .
INTRODUCTION
A number of methods , including condom , vaginal sponge and artificial vagina , have been employed for collection of semen from stallions ( 1 ) .
Currently , the most widely recommended technique is the artificial vagina with a mare or dummy mount .
Successful collection of semen using an artificial vagina with the stallion standing on the ground was recently reported ( 2 ) .
Since 1965 , we have employed an even simpler method of collecting semen from the stallion using manual stimulation of the penis , and holding a disposable plastic bag over the end of the penis to catch the ejaculate .
This technique gradually evolved during our first year of implementing artificial breeding on a small , remote farm , where semen collection equipment was not readily obtainable .
Initially , we attempted to fashion a home - made Mississippi style artificial vagina ( 3 ) using a latex rubber tube occluded at one end by two sticks and foam rubber padding .
While manipulating this flimsy device , we found that manual pressure applied to the penis elicited pelvic thrusting and ejaculation , even before the stallion mounted the mare .
Accordingly , we proceeded to collect semen from stallions by manual stimulation and by substituting a plastic bag for the artificial vagina .
We continued to use this method and it remains our preferred technique for obtaining semen for our artificial insemination and semen freezing programs .
MATERIALS AND METHODS
Plastic bags of various sizes are successfully employed .
A bag should extend 8 to 12 in .
up the shaft of the penis and be large enough for the glans penis to fully engorge .
It is important to use a bag made of material which is not toxic to sperm .
We presently use 6 " x 10 " polyethylene ( 1.5 mil ) bags ( Bel - Art Products , Pequannock , NJ ) .
In addition to the bag , we use a 500 - ml plastic squeeze bottle filled with warm water ( 48 to 52 C ) , which is used to wash the penis and to warm the hand of the operator before manipulation .
The stallions is stimulated to achieve an erection , but is not allowed to mount .
Some horses will respond adequately to a mare or gelding presented at a distance , or a brief glimpse of a mare or gelding walking past a doorway ; others respond adequately to a dummy mare ; still others will respond in their stalls to the operator rubbing the horse 's chest , abdomen , flank or thigh .
We have also used an in vitro olfactory stimulus ( the urine of an estrous mare presented on a paper towel ) to arouse a stallion for collection of semen .
This stimulus seems to work particularly well with young , inexperienced stallions .
We have found that intensely aroused stallions often fail to respond favorably to manipulation .
Therefore , our aim is generally to present the least amount of stimulation to achieve and maintain erection .
When erection is achieved , the penis is rinsed with warm water from the squeeze bottle .
This usually elicits some engorgement of the glans penis as well as shallow pelvic thrusting .
The plastic bag is then placed over the shaft of the penis and secured with one hand placed proximally to to the preputial ring .
The other hand is placed over the glans penis with the thumb behind the corona , as shown in figure 1 .
[ Figure deleted here , unfortunately ] .
While applying firm pressure , the shaft and glans are gently manipulated in a rhythmic fashion until the horse reponds with pelvic thrusting .
As the horse thrusts forward , the hands follow the thrusting motion .
Steady pressure is maintained on the shaft .
Simultaneously , the glans is rhythmically massaged with rotation motion , with the thumb massaging the firm protuberance of the corpus cavernosum penis into the glans penis .
During initial training of a stallion , the position of the hands as well as the rhythm and strength of the pressure applied on the shaft and glans are varied depending on the response of the stallion , with the goal of inducing deep pelvic thrusts and engorgement of the glans characteristic of normal copulatory response .
The stallion must be allowed freedom to lower the head when thrusting .
Ejaculatory pulses are easily palpated and visualized .
Premature release of pressure seems to interrupt ejaculation in some stallions .
In fact , a sperm rich portion of the ejaculate may be obtained by releasing manual pressure after one or two urethral pulses .
RESULTS AND DISCUSSION
Table 1 summarizes data on 18 stallions at our facility that were trained to ejaculate in response to manual stimulation .
The ejaculates obtained have been used for insemination of mares , as fresh or processed semen ( cooled for 24 to 36 h ; 4,5 ) .
Table 1 .
Summary of data on 18 stallions trained to ejaculate in response to manual stimulation
Animal Age ( a ) Experience ( b ) Sessions Required Collection Attempts ( c ) Arabian 2 mo none 1 1 to 3 Arabian 3 mo none 2 1 to 3 Arabian 3 mo none 1 1 to 3 Arabian 3 mo none 1 1 to 3 Arabian 5 mo none 1 1 to 3 Arabian 5 mo none 1 1 to 3 Arabian 1.5 yr none 1 1 to 3 Arabian 1.5 yr none 1 1 to 3 Arabian 1.5 yr none 1 1 to 3 Arabian 2 yr natural 1 2 ( d ) Arabian 2 yr natural less than 3 1 to 3 Arabian 2 yr none 9 1 to 3 Arabian 3 yr natural 4 1 to 3 Arabian 4 yr none 1 1 to 3 Arabian 4 yr natural 1 1 Arabian 5 yr natural unsuccessful after 22 0 Arabian 12 yr natural less than 3 28
( a) Age at time of training
( b) The number of training sessions before successful ejaculation .
Each session consisted of several attempts to collect semen during an approximately 15 - min period .
( c) The number of attempts routinely required to collect semen .
One attempt consisted of placing the bag on the erect penis and manipulating the penis .
(d) This stallion , over a period of 21 years , consistently would ejaculate during the second attempt .
We have successfully employed this technique with novice and experienced stallions .
To better understand developmental changes in semen characteristics and sexual behavior , we have trained several young colts to semen collection procedures and have periodically examined ejaculates throughout the first two years of life .
The youngest stallion trained in this collection technique was 2 mo old ( Crump , unpublished studies ) .
Other stallions that were trained had previously been bred for many years by natural service or artificial vagina .
Training time does not seem to vary systematically with the animal 's experience .
Generally , training is accomplished within one or two sessions .
Novice stallions have produced ejaculates during the first attempt .
Training time has varied from one to several attempts for each of 9 sessions .
One stallion was never successfully trained after 22 training sessions over a three year period .
The manual stimulation technique was used successfully to collect semen from one Arabian stallion for 21 yr , from 2 to 23 yr of age .
The technique does not appear to interfere with natural breeding or other collection techniques , and many stallions with which we worked returned to or alternated between natural service or artificial vagina programs .
In our various uses of semen , we have not detected any systematic differences between ejaculates obtained by this manual method and by traditional artificial vagina methods .
For example , Table 2 summarizes nine ejaculates obtained from one stallion over a period of 4 mo using four variations of artificial vagina and manual stimulation methods .
As shown , there appear to be no systematic differences between samples obtained by the various collection methods .
Table 2 .
Summary of 9 semen samples from a 12 yr Akhel - Teke stallion obtained by three methods .
Collection
Date Collection
Interval Method Volume ( ml ) Concentration
( a) Sperm
Number
( b) Semen
Gel %TM
( c) Mar 31 not known AV / ground 20 0 283.0 5.7 75 Mar 31 1 hour AV / mare 65 2 94.0 6.1 75 Apr 16 7 days AV / mare 100 0 124.3 12.4 80 May 23 9 days AV / dummy 82 5 57.5 4.7 90 Jul 06 11 days AV / dummy 65 12 95.0 6.2 85 Jul 07 32 hours AV / dummy 68 4 56.0 3.8 90 Jul 10 2 days AV / dummy 56 5 146.8 8.2 85 Jul 12 2 days Manual 60 0 104.0 6.2 80 Jul 14 2 days Manual 63 5 124.0 7.8 80
( a) ( 10e6 sperm / ml )
( b) Total number or sperm x 10e9
( c) Visual estimate of percent total motility
Some stallions stop thrusing before ejaculating , or they may achieve engorgement and appear to be near ejaculating , but stop just before .
These animals appear to become distracted or over - aroused during collection .
In our experience , these problems can often be avoided by providing the minimum stimulus to achieve response .
The stallion may , for example , become distracted if he is too near an estrous mare during manipulation .
In some instances , an extremely stimulated stallion can be induced to ejaculate simply by applying pressure to only the glans penis .
Most stallions readily become conditioned to this semen collection procedure .
They appear to associate breeding with the operator and the plastic bag .
Once trained , they often appear more attentive to the operator and the plastic bag than to a mare , much the same as stallions that are trained to an artificial vagina and dummy mare become conditioned to those breeding stimuli .
One stallion we worked with routinely achieved erection in the stall when the operator approached with the plastic bag , and with manual stimulation , he ejaculated ( without the stimulus of a mare or of an olfactory stimulus ) .
In apparent anticipation of collection , two of our stallions consistently backed away from the stimulus mare toward the operator who was crinkling the plastic bag .
Although we routinely use a stimulus mare , stallions experienced with this technique often require less stimulation from the mare than for traditional collection methods .
With minor modifications , this technique has recently been employed with pony stallions at the University of Pennsylvania ( McDonnell , personal communication , 1987 ) , where 10 stallions , subjects of a semen study , were readily trained for the collection of semen with a plastic bag and manual stimulation .
Five of these 10 stallions consistently responded quickly and ejaculated while standing ; the remaining 5 responded with less vigor and were allowed to mount a mare for collection , in which case manual stimulation was performed in place of an artificial vagina .
In addition , a warm ( 45 to 50 C ) wet towel compress was added to provide additional stimulation of the glans penis when necessary .
All stallions successfully ejaculated within one or two attempts , and continued to be managed in this manner without any complications .
Throughout the 3 - mo study , semen samples were collected two to three times a week ; usually less than 1 h was required to obtain semen samples from the 10 stallions .
In this study , the stimulus mare was tethered , so collections were accomplished by one stallion handler and one operator .
In similar work ( McDonnell , personal communication ) , collections were made from stallions tethered in their stalls with a stimulus mare tethered nearby .
This arrangement permitted one person to conduct the collection .
The breeding history of the stallions varied : some had been bred naturally and some had previously been trained to artificial vagina collection of semen .
However , all animals readily responded and became conditioned to the manual stimulation method .
Subsequently , several student operators have successfully collected semen from these ponies even in their first attempt to employ the technique .
The manual stimulation technique offers several distinct advantages over traditional semen collection methods ( artificial vagina on a mount mare ) .
These include 1 ) markedly reduced collection time and minimal preparation and clean - up time ; 2 ) cleaner samples ( plastic bag contacts only lower portion of the shaft of the penis ) , no lubricating jelly is required ; 3 ) disposable materials , reduced risk of infection ; 4 ) inexpensive materials ; 5 ) heat damage to sperm from contact with artificial vagina reduced ; 6 ) places less physical stress on stallions ; 7 ) allows several ejaculates in quick succession ( one stallion produced six ejaculated in less than 20 minutes , another produced three ejaculates in 6 min ) ; 7 ) it is possible to obtain just the sperm - rich portion of the ejaculate ; 8 ) generally requires fewer personnel ; and 9 ) does not always require a stimulus mare .
While we have preferred to train stallions to ejaculate while standing on the ground , manual stimulation with a plastic bag can be substituted for the artificial vagina with the stallion mounted on a mare or dummy mount .
Potential disadvantages of this technique are that 1 ) a stallion and operator may require more training than is necessary when an artificial vagina and mount mare technique is used 2 ) large , tall horses may thrust with enough force to unbalance or knock down the handler , and 3 ) with tall horses , the operator may be at risk of injury should the horse kick during the procedure .
In addition , it is difficult to adequately manipulate the larger glans penis typical or large , tall horses .
We have found collection of semen from stallions by manual stimulation of the penis to be a convenient and efficient technique .
It involves our observations over twenty years , together with recent observations of others , indicate that both stallions and operators can be readily trained to use this method .
REFERENCES
1. Kenny , R.M. , Hurtgen , J.P. , Pierson , R. , Witherspoon , D. and Simons , J. Clinical fertility evaluation of the stallion .
Hastings , NE : Society for Theriogenology ( 1983 )
2. Schumacher , J. and Riddell , M.G. Collection of stallion semen without a mount .
Theriogenology 26:245-250 ( 1986 )
3. Berliner , V. Horses and jackstock , In : Perry , E.J. ( ed. ) : The Artificial Insemination of Farm Animals .
Rutgers University Press , New Brunswick , NJ , 1960 , p.221 .
4. Douglas - Hamilton , D.H. , Osol , R. , Osol , G. and Driscoll D. , Noble , H. A field study of the fertility of transported equine semen .
Theriogenology 22:291-304 ( 1984 ) .
5. Cristanelli , M.J. , Amann , R.P. , Squires , E.L. , and Pickett , B.W. Effects of egg yolk and glycerol levels in lactose - EDTA - EGG yolk extender on the motility of frozen - thawed stallion spermatazoa .
Theriogenology 24:681-686 ( 1985 ) .
Because China is probably more committed to renewables , have the foresight to know that fossil fuel is going to run out – and they have a lot of cash , to boot !
Zhang said in an interview in London .
China generates only 120 megawatts of its electricity from solar power , so the goal represents a 75 - fold expansion in just over a decade .
“ We are now formulating a plan for development of renewable energy .
We can be sure we will exceed the 15 % target .
We will at least reach 18 % .
Personally I think we could reach the target of having renewables provide 20 % of total energy consumption . ”
So the question is – with all this stimulus money floating around – why ca n’t the west do the same ?
I do think you know the answer to that , though .
Add to : Facebook | Digg | Del.icio.us | Stumbleupon | Reddit | Blinklist | Twitter | Technorati | Furl | Newsvine
WASHINGTON  “ I think through these proceedings the American people have gotten to know you , ” Senator Patrick J. Leahy told Judge Sonia Sotomayor on Thursday , excusing her from her Supreme Court confirmation hearing after four days of testimony .
Plenty of legal observers across the ideological spectrum disagreed .
Despite some 583 questions from senators amid wall - to - wall news media coverage , her hearing may prove to be as notable for what the country did not learn about her as much as for what it did .
When asked what the hearings revealed about Judge Sotomayor ’s legal views , the Harvard Law School professor Laurence H. Tribe , a longtime adviser to President Obama who supports her confirmation , had a simple reply : “ Nothing . ”
And M. Edward Whelan III , the president of the conservative Ethics and Public Policy Center and a critic of Judge Sotomayor , said she simply walked away from her own past controversial statements , and senators failed to get her to say anything of substance .
This Sunday found me having a very unpleasant conversation with two of my favorite men .
We were talking over donuts .
In fact , we were alternately talking and fighting over the donuts – which I had not purchased in quantities satisfying to the dear men – and I was sitting with one hand curled protectively around my plate .
The other hand was poised , rather ineffectually , to strike , should a raid be attempted on the remaining half of my vanilla glazed .
Both postures seriously limited my ability to gesticulate while speaking .
And being unable to gesticulate , I learned recently , can put a serious damper on your rhetorical skills .
Waving your hands around , experts have discovered , helps you think straight and speak properly .
This was a particularly unfortunate moment to be at a verbal disadvantage .
For I was at the losing end of a conversational pile - up .
Think Hillary in New Hampshire , up against the cool - as - a - cucumber team of Barack and John .
Think of an elementary school girl , sputtering to fight off a verbal onslaught from a group of jeering boys .
Think of those miserable twentysomethings you see in bars , speaking to mixed groups of friends and getting emotional over any number of deeply important things , then getting silenced as deeper voices prevail , and ultimately becoming very busy with their straws .
Just think of yourself , perhaps , faced with this :
The two men – both fathers , one at the beginning of middle age , one farther along , both married to smart , high - achieving women – were fantasizing about the kinds of women they ’d go out with if they were single .
You may or may not be surprised to learn that they both figured the women would be babes .
You may or may not be surprised to learn that they both said they ’d be younger .
A lot younger .
And childless .
The suggestion from me that men like themselves might actually prefer to date contemporaries , women who ’d lived , matured , grown wiser and more human with the experience of parenting , and , at the very least , could recall the 1980s , was met with nothing but outraged looks and half - chewed - donut silence .
“ Why ? ” one of them finally said .
“ Why , ” the second one swallowed to spurt , “ would you want all those complications ? ”
That is where the sputtering on my own part began .
And this , perhaps , is the point where the raucous laughter on your part will begin , as you think of me there at the table , nattering on about “ inherent value ” and “ friendship ” and “ being a human being . ”
Perhaps you ’ve already laughed yourself into red-eyed delirium .
Or maybe you ’re in the camp of my husband , Max , who ventured , “ I do n’t understand what you ’re getting all worked up about , ” when I took the topic up with him later that same day .
He did not actually use the word “ hysterical , ” though I heard it anyway .
I had heard the phrase “ burn your bra ” thrown at me from the breakfast table as I made to leave it .
“ No bras have ever been burned , ” I threw back over my shoulder .
Which was so horribly , terribly , lame a thing to say .
I spent the following days nursing a sputtering sort of rage .
The conversation marked the end of an illusion , you see .
I ’d thought that in our little bubble , a bubble , it should be said , that was defined not by class or money or education , but rather by goodness and decency and values and realness ( even I am laughing now ) , the men were somehow different from the men Out There who dated women multiple decades younger than themselves , prized them for their looks and their fecundity and fell in love with the magical rejuvenating mirrors they found in the women ’s adoring young eyes .
Now the scales had fallen from my own eyes .
I began thinking all kinds of original thoughts like , “ A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle , ” and “ Feminism is the radical notion that women are people . ”
( For bumper stickers , see here . )
I hypothesized that true happiness could only be achieved in a world devoid of men .
I considered writing my non-existent voting members of Congress to propose legislation requiring that all men be sterilized once their wives enter menopause .
I nodded along vigorously , when I came across a screed by Robin Morgan , the former editor of Ms. Magazine in the “ Cult Ritual Abuse Exists ! ” era , that placed the grosser manifestations of Hillary - hate ( biographer Carl Bernstein ’s horrified mention of Hillary ’s “ thick ankles , ” sales of a Hillary Clinton nutcracker with saw - like teeth between her thighs , “ murderous ” t- shirt and bumper sticker slogans like “ If Only Hillary had married O.J. Instead ! ” ) in the context of all the violence and indignities women have suffered throughout human history :
Women have endured sex / race / ethnic / religious hatred , rape and battery , invasion of spirit and flesh , forced pregnancy ; being the majority of the poor , the illiterate , the disabled , of refugees , caregivers , the HIV / AIDS afflicted , the powerless .
We have survived invisibility , ridicule , religious fundamentalisms , polygamy , teargas , forced feedings , jails , asylums , sati , purdah , female genital mutilation , witch burnings , stonings , and attempted gynocides .
We have tried reason , persuasion , reassurances , and being extra-qualified , only to learn it never was about qualifications after all .
This perfectly suited my mood .
Reading Morgan ’s article , I gnashed my teeth , rent my garments , and would , perhaps , have cut out my tongue had it not dawned upon me , midway through , that being reduced to the state of a silently raving crazy woman in rags was not really what the women ’s movement was supposed to be all about .
It was about getting the madwoman out of the attic so that she could , presumably , go on to create a saner world .
But sometimes it just feels like the world will never change .
When I moved to Washington in my mid-30s , I used to wonder why the middle - aged women driving around in minivans , with their faux - fun dangly earrings and easy - care hair , looked so very angry .
Now I know , because ( minus the minivan ) I am one of them .
I am one with them .
Human nutcrackers of the world , unite !
I need a Girls ’ Night Out .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
July 18th , 2009
Via : AP :
The last time the government embarked on a major vaccine campaign against a new swine flu , thousands filed claims contending they suffered side effects from the shots .
This time , the government has already taken steps to head that off .
Vaccine makers and federal officials will be immune from lawsuits that result from any new swine flu vaccine , under a document signed by Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius , government health officials said Friday .
Since the 1980s , the government has protected vaccine makers against lawsuits over the use of childhood vaccines .
Instead , a federal court handles claims and decides who will be paid from a special fund .
The document signed by Sebelius last month grants immunity to those making a swine flu vaccine , under the provisions of a 2006 law for public health emergencies .
It allows for a compensation fund , if needed .
The government takes such steps to encourage drug companies to make vaccines , and it ’s worked .
Federal officials have contracted with five manufacturers to make a swine flu vaccine .
First identified in April , swine flu has so far caused about 263 deaths , according to numbers released by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on Friday .
The CDC said more than 40,000 Americans have had confirmed or probable cases , but those are people who sought health care .
It ’s likely that more than 1 million Americans have been sickened by the flu , many with mild cases .
The virus hits younger people harder that seasonal flu , but so far has n’t been much more deadly than the strains seen every fall and winter .
But health officials believe the virus could mutate to a more dangerous form , or at least contribute to a potentially heavier flu season than usual .
“ We do expect there to be an increase in influenza this fall , ” with a bump in cases perhaps beginning earlier than normal , said Dr. Anne Schuchat , director of the CDC ’s National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases .
On Friday , the Food and Drug Administration approved the regular winter flu vaccine , a final step before shipments to clinics and other vaccination sites could begin .
The last time the government faced a new swine flu virus was in 1976 .
Cases of swine flu in soldiers at Fort Dix , N.J. , including one death , made health officials worried they might be facing a deadly pandemic like the one that killed millions around the world in 1918 and 1919 .
Federal officials vaccinated 40 million Americans during a national campaign .
A pandemic never materialized , but thousands who got the shots filed injury claims , saying they suffered a paralyzing condition called Guillain - Barre Syndrome or other side effects .
“ The government paid out quite a bit of money , ” said Stephen Sugarman , a law professor who specializes in product liability at the University of California at Berkeley .
Vaccines are n’t as profitable as other drugs for manufacturers , and without protection against lawsuits “ they ’re saying , ‘ Do we need this ? ' ” Sugarman said .
The move to protect makers of a swine flu did n’t go over well with Paul Pennock , a prominent New York plaintiffs attorney on medical liability cases .
The government will likely call on millions of Americans to get the vaccinations to prevent the disease from spreading , he noted .
“ If you ’re going to ask people to do this for the common good , then let ’s make sure for the common good that these people will be taken care of if something goes wrong , ” Pennock said .
Devils Workshop
has been moved to new address
http://www.meganscookin.com
Sorry for inconvenience ...
Wolfenstein to Sponsor Premiere of Inglorious Basterds
by Brian Bentley [ Tuesday , 28th of July 2009 - 10:36 PM ]
-- Historic Gaming Franchise Set to Join Forces with Quentin Tarantino to Fight the Third Reich
SANTA MONICA , Calif. , July 28 , 2009 / PRNewswire -FirstCall via COMTEX News Network / -- Activision Publishing ( Nasdaq : ATVI ) and id Software have signed - on for the highly - anticipated Wolfenstein to be a title sponsor of The Weinstein Company and Universal Pictures International 's upcoming feature film by Quentin Tarantino , " Inglourious Basterds . "
As an official sponsor , Activision will conduct a contest for two lucky winners to attend the " Inglourious Basterds " Hollywood premier at the historic Grauman 's Chinese Theater on August 10 .
The prize pack includes two roundtrip tickets for a four day - three night stay in Los Angeles , two tickets to the premier and two tickets to the star - studded after party at Mondrian in West Hollywood .
Check http://www.GameSpot.com for contest details , which begins today .
The assault on the Third Reich kicks - off with the newest chapter of the famed Wolfenstein franchise hitting U.S. store shelves on August 18 , and a second wave continues the fight with " Inglourious Basterds " going nation - wide in theaters August 21 .
Princeton University was in lockdown after a person holding what appeared to be a handgun was spotted on campus , school officials said .
The lockdown lasted for nearly an hour .
Police took four juvenile suspects into custody just before 11:30 a.m .
None of the four suspects were students .
One had a dark green toy gun in his waistband that school officials said could have been mistaken for a real gun .
The four kids were apparently rummaging through some sort of trash dumpster and told cops that 's where they found the toy gun , police sources told NBCNewYork.com .
One of the juveniles picked up the fake gun , put it in his belt and started walking away with the other three kids when a woman spotted the gun in his waistband and called police .
It 's not clear whether or not she was a student .
No shots were fired .
It was n't clear how many people were on campus at the time of the incident .
Police believe the incident stemmed from a bigger problem of kids from town going on campus and rummaging through dumpsters looking for unused alcohol , which campus security says has been on ongoing problem .
This is the message posted on Princeton 's Web site :
" At 11:25 a.m . Wednesday , June 3 , Princeton University 's Department of Public Safety issued an all clear , and has reported there was no gunman on campus .
Campus community members should resume normal activities .
The investigation was conducted with Princeton Borough police assisted by Township police , and the Department of Public Safety has re-opened the campus .
At 10:36 a.m. , a male with what appeared to be a handgun was reported near the vicinity of Dod Hall dormitory .
There was no report of any threatening behavior or injuries .
Public Safety responded immediately by issuing a campus alert instructing people to stay indoors , by patrolling and by limiting access to campus .
The first report and a second tip led Borough police to four juveniles who were taken into custody near campus .
The questioning revealed that the suspected handgun was a dark green plastic toy that could be confused with an actual weapon .
The toy was retrieved near the Wawa on University Place .
The juveniles are not Princeton University students . "
Earlier , Princeton had cautioned students to stay inside while police investigated reports of a gunman .
The university 's commencement ceremonies were held yesterday .
More than 1,100 undergraduates and 753 graduate students received degrees .

Why has Mr. Obama surrounded himself largely with economic advisers who are theoreticians and academics  distinguished though they may be  but not those who have sat on a trading desk , made a market , managed a portfolio or set a spread ?
Image
In our view , one of the ways out of this economic conundrum is to have experienced traders  not hothouse flowers  design incentives that will encourage the market to have buyers and sellers meet anew around the proper valuations of assets , not some artificial construct of a market propped up by a pliant Financial Accounting Standards Board or government - sponsored programs that appear to be virtually giving money away to hedge funds and private - equity firms so that they will buy assets they would not ordinarily buy .
We ’re not talking about putting the fox in charge of the henhouse , just putting people who know how markets function in the real world into the important seats in Washington .

Why is n’t the Obama administration working night and day to give the public a vastly increased amount of detailed information about what happens in financial markets ?
Ever since traders started disappearing from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in the last decade of the 20th century , there has been less and less transparency about the price and volume of trades .
The New York Stock Exchange really exists in name only , as computers execute a very large percentage of all trades , far away from any exchange .
As a result , there is little flow of information , and small investors are paying the price .
The beneficiaries , no surprise , are the remains of the old Wall Street broker - dealers  now bank - holding companies like Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley  that can see in advance what their clients are interested in buying , and might trade the same stocks for their own accounts .
Incredibly , despite the events of last fall , nearly every one of Wall Street ’s proprietary trading desks can still take huge risks and then , if they get into trouble , head to the Federal Reserve for short - term rescue financing .
Here ’s something that should change in terms of transparency .
The most recent price that any stock traded for should be published online in real time for all to see .
And the public should have access to a new type of electronic ticker that provides market information in language that all can understand , not just the insiders .
As for those impossibly complex securities that caused so much of the trouble  among them derivatives , credit - default swaps and asset - backed securities  the S.E.C. should have the power to make public all the documentation surrounding these weapons of mass financial destruction , including all data about the current costs of buying and selling them and the cash flow underlying them .
We also need widely accessible , real - time reporting of all trades in the bond market .
We bet Mike Bloomberg ’s company could help design such a system for our benefit .

Why is the government still complicit in making the system ever less transparent , even when it comes to what should clearly be considered public information ?
For instance , it took more than a year for the Federal Reserve to disclose that it had agreed to pay BlackRock  the huge money manager that is 45 percent owned by Bank of America  and others $ 71 million in a no-bid contract to manage the $ 30 billion of toxic assets that JPMorgan did not want when it bought Bear Stearns in March 2008 .
And that is only one of the five contracts BlackRock has with the government as a result of this crisis  the nature of the other contracts remains secret .
Neoconservatives used the Republican Party as a vehicle to promote and employ their policies of muscular nation - building overseas .
But like the parasite that eventually kills its host , the Republican Party ’s virtual collapse , in large part because of the failed nation - building adventure in Iraq , has left neoconservatives discredited and facing policy extinction .
Unfortunately , neoconservatism will probably live on by changing hosts .
Throughout American history , the structure of the political systems has ensured that only two major parties would be viable at any one time .
They have n’t always been the Democrats and Republicans .
They have always been the Democrats and one other party .
First , it was the Federalists , then the Whigs , and finally , from just prior to the Civil War to the present , the Republicans .
The Republicans started out as a regional party of the Northeast .
The only reason they ever took power away from the Democrats , the only true national party at the time of the Civil War , was because the Democratic Party split into northern and southern wings over the slavery issue .
Thus , the Civil War was essentially caused by the fracture of the Democratic Party .
Abraham Lincoln won the 1860 election with only 39.8 percent of the national popular vote , beating two Democrats and one minor party candidate .
Southern states , fearing a Republican ’s potential policies on slavery , did n’t even wait until Lincoln ’s inauguration before they began to secede from the union .
Ironically , today , the Republican Party , which once had hopes of becoming the majority party in the country , has followed George W. Bush over a cliff and has once again been reduced to largely a regional party of the old South and a few other conservative states .
As long as Democrats in more libertarian mountain states stand up for gun rights , most states in that entire region are ripe for permanent status in the Democratic column .
The most telling moment in the 2008 election was when Arizona , the Republican nominee ’s home state , was too close to call .
It would have gone Democratic had a native son not been running .
If the Republican Party does n’t now move to extinction like its Federalist and Whig predecessors , it is likely to remain only a regional party for a long while .
It ’s intolerant conservative social views scare most other Americans .
More important , the one issue on which many Republican conservatives differed from President Bush — immigration — could be the death knell of the party .
When the party alienated Hispanics ( including even some Cubans , who were previously one of the most loyal Republican constituencies ) , the fastest growing minority in the United States , with nativist diatribes on immigration , other minorities , such as Asians and Native Americans realized that they could be victimized too .
In the 1990s , Republican Governor Pete Wilson made California overwhelmingly Democratic with his immigration policies .
The same has just happened at the national level .
After the immigration debate in the late Bush years , it will be hard for the Republican Party to ever woo back Hispanics .
Does the long - term demise ( and maybe extinction ) of the GOP leave the neoconservatives up the creek without a paddle ?
Not necessarily .
The neoconservatives started out as liberals and socialists in the Democratic Party .
They were never really that conservative on economic policy , only belligerent in foreign and defense policies .
And in those two latter policy areas , the Democratic Party is still dominated by their close cousins , the liberal Wilsonian interventionists .
Although the liberal Wilsonians — such as Hillary Clinton , Richard Holbrooke , and Madeleine Albright — are less unilateralist than the neoconservatives and are much more in love with international organizations , they share the neoconservatives ’ passion for armed social work and nation - building .
Besides , when you ’re deep in the wilderness and your horse is dying , you ca n’t be too concerned with pimples on your new steed .
The neoconservatives will probably eventually realize that the Republican Party is dying , and will seamlessly re-infest the Democratic mother ship to preserve themselves .
And again , they will probably severely debilitate their host .
How much damage can a Tweet do ?
According to property management company Horizon Realty , $ 50,000 worth .
That 's the size of the lawsuit waged against one of its former tenants on Monday , in response to a Tweet about one of their Chicago apartments .
Amanda Bonnen was staying an apartment at 4242 N. Sheridan , one of over 1,500 apartments owned by the company .
According to the Chicago Sun-Times , Bonnen 's Tweet on May 12 read , in part :
" Who said sleeping in a moldy apartment was bad for you ?
Horizon realty thinks it 's okay . "
The Tweet , posted under the now defunct user name @abonnen , was the impetus for the libel lawsuit filed at Cook County Circuit Court , seeking $ 50,000 in damages .
And although the Tweet and username are now deleted , accessing the account via Google 's cache shows it has around 20 followers .
While the numbers could have dropped since deletion , it does n't appear the message would have travelled far .
@abonnen was n't a particularly heavy Twitter user , either - she posted somewhere between 1 and 5 tweets per day and often did n't post for 2 or 3 days .
Horizon 's Jeffrey Michael is quoted in the Sun -Times as saying " The statements are obviously false , and it's our intention to prove that " , adding that Horizon has a good reputation to protect .
Bonnen was n't contacted before the suit was filed or asked to remove the Tweet , he said : " We 're a sue first , ask questions later kind of an organization " .
I ’ve realized that the one and only screencast of Lancelot I made was even before the 1.0 was released .
So , I ’ve decided to make a new one .
This cast is meant as an introduction to Lancelot , rather than to show the new features .
Unfortunately the recordmydesktop somehow blocked drag and drop , so the Parts applet could n’t really be demonstrated .
So , here it is :
35MB OGV file ( full resolution ) : http://www.sendspace.com/file/1aih65
( I have no idea for how long the file will be available on the server )
And the obligatory YouTube * entry ( I suggest watching the HD version ) :
{ % youtube eSwX7WMYCH4 %}
e. blake hicks /// post - mortem portraits from the ultra - hype hbo series the wire
note : : this project is an ongoing way for me to combat cubicle insanity and keep the loving relationship between my pen hand and my wacom tablet wide open .
this will be added to just about daily .
keep an eye out .
double note : as of 8/01/09 , you can stop your waiting .
i'm done being sick and busy .
it 's back on .
triple note : while i am extremely flattered that so many folks want to give me money to put these on various materials for them , i cannot do this , for fear of legal action on the part of home box office .
that said , anybody that knows somebody that knows somebody at hbo , pass it along .
i am wide open to any negotiations that might leave me in the green .
Skip to comments .
The Baigong Pipes - Nature or OOPart ? [ China ]
China Expat ^ | 16 Dec 2008 | China Expat
Posted on by BGHater
We 're all familiar with the concept of modern technology having ancient Chinese analogues .
But a 2002 discovery in remote Qinghai province is anachronistic enough to constitute an OOPart .
Out - of - place - artifacts are so unusual , or found in such improbable contexts , that mainstream science has no plausible explanation for them .
The crystal skulls of Mexico referenced in the latest Indiana Jones movie , the iron pillar of Delhi , and the ancient Greek Antikythera mechanism are examples of OOPart yet to be explained .
Like these , the pipes of Qinghai's Mount Baigong suggest a level of technology simply inconceivable for the apparent era of their manufacture .
Those open - minded enough to think " extraterrestrial " when searching for a theory , while often dismissed out - of - hand , have like - minded souls in some of the Chinese scientists investigating .
Locals , residing forty kilometers southeast of Qinghai 's Delingha city , have known of the pipes for centuries .
They credit aliens for their construction , and even have legends of extraterrestrial visitors to Mt. Baigong .
Although the stories are met with predictable skepticism , they become harder to laugh off when one takes in the sixty - meter pyramid near the mountain 's summit .
Superficially , the pyramid could be shrugged off as having been shaped by natural forces .
For some reason , however , the structure has not been conclusively studied , at least officially .
Near the foot of Mt. Baigong lie three caves , the largest and most accessible some eight meters high by six meters deep .
Inside , spanning from the roof to the back end of the cave , runs a pipe 40 cm in diameter .
Another one roughly the same size runs into the earth from the floor , with just the top protruding .
A piece of Baigong pipe
The pipes , according to tests carried out at a local smeltery , are made chiefly of iron , but with an unusual thirty percent silicon dioxide in their matrix .
They are also centuries old , if Xinhua and its source , Liu Shaolin , the engineer who carried out preliminary tests , are to be believed .
Strange , but easily written off as a bizarre metallurgical operation by some nomads with too much time on their hands , assuming geological origins of the eerily symmetrical pyramid .
However , dozens of pipe openings have been discovered in the mountains far above the caves .
Now these nomads must be credited with some advanced system of drilling since forgotten , as there is no modern industry in the area nor record of such .
Not far from the foot of Baigong sits Toson Lake , on whose beach run many more iron pipes in unlikely patterns and in a variety of diameters , toothpick - sized at the thinnest .
More pipes are in the lake , some protruding above the water surface , others buried beneath the lake 's bed .
Although nine Chinese scientists were reportedly dispatched to make a detailed analysis of the pipes in 2002 , there has been no further information .
This has n't prevented local government from promoting the site as a tourist attraction .
A CCTV crew went to Mt. Baigong soon after , accompanied by researchers from the Beijing UFO Research Association , but no record or footage of the expedition has come to our attention .
If this is because such documentation would be widely laughed off , then they would at the expense of Yang Ji , a research fellow of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences who told Xinhua that the extraterrestrial theory was " understandable and worth looking into " .
Then again , plain old terrestrial science has many mysteries left to be fully explained .
Similar pipe - like structures have been found in the Jurassic sandstone of the Southwestern United States , as well as in Citronelle formations in Louisiana .
No pyramids have been found close on , and researchers have concluded that they were formed through natural processes .
But similar conclusions from scientists studying the Baigong pipes have yet to be announced , six years later .
The strange landscape near Mt. Baigong
TOPICS :
History
UFO's
Weird Stuff
KEYWORDS :
catastrophism
china
godsgravesglyphs
mtbaigong
pipes
qinghai
To : SunkenCiv
Ping .
Pipes again .
by 2 posted onby BGHater ( Tyranny is always better organised than freedom )
To : BGHater
The Bongs of the Gods , perhaps ? ;-)
by 3 posted onby GladesGuru ( In a society predicated upon freedom , it is essential to examine principles , When you walk around wi )
To : BGHater
So dinosaurs had paint rollers .
Have they found the handle yet ?
by 4 posted onby AZLiberty ( I hope Obama changes . )
To : BGHater
maybe when the ET ’s / Aliens found themselves in China they could n’t find anything to do as “ The Big Giant Talking Head “ instructed - so - they built some pipes to play the organ .
by 5 posted onby MissDairyGoodnessVT ( Good Morning Mr & Mrs Scooter and All The Ships At Sea )
To : Swordmaker ; Fred Nerks ; 75thOVI ; aimhigh ; Alice in Wonderland ; AndrewC ; aragorn ; aristotleman ; ...
by 6 posted onby SunkenCiv ( https://secure.freerepublic.com/donate/_______Profile finally updated Saturday , December 6 , 2008 !!!)
To : BGHater ; StayAt HomeMother ; Ernest_at_the_Beach ; 1ofmanyfree ; 21twelve ; 24 Karet ; 2ndDivisionVet ; ...
by 7 posted onby SunkenCiv ( https://secure.freerepublic.com/donate/_______Profile finally updated Saturday , December 6 , 2008 !!!)
To : SunkenCiv
Ca n’t we let baigongs be baigongs ?
To : bigheadfred
Cant we let baigongs be baigongs ?
That pun is championship material , bigheadfred !
Applause , applause !
To : Miss Marple
:-)
by 10 posted onby bigheadfred ( I would say more but my head is big enuf as it is .
P.S. At least there r 2 Smart people on FR )
To : SunkenCiv
Any chance of sending a team of professional archaeologists to the site ?
Knowing China ’s xenophobia , they ’d probably have to be Chinese , though .
by 11 posted onby Berosus ( No more Kennedys , no more Clintons , no more Bushes , no more political dynasties .
Deal ? )
To : Berosus ; SunkenCiv ; BGHater ; Miss Marple
Any chance of sending a team of professional archaeologists to the site ?
Knowing Chinas xenophobia , theyd probably have to be Chinese , though Just do n't send this bunch ... Chinese " Researchers " " ABLE BAKER CHARLIE TO ROGER FOX DOG "
To : bigheadfred
To : null and void
How did you get a pic of my last family reunion ?
Musta had to a searched deep for that .
To : bigheadfred
Yes .
Quite deep .
I must say you come from a family of deep stinkers uh , thinkers ...
To : null and void
Vent all you want .
I will sulfur thru it .
by 16 posted onby bigheadfred ( Why is everything so dark ---- and stinky ? )
To : Berosus
Probably professional geologists would be more appropriate , these look like unusual natural formations — and even if not , that would probably be an appropriate first step . :’)
by 17 posted onby SunkenCiv ( https://secure.freerepublic.com/donate/_______Profile finally updated Saturday , December 6 , 2008 !!!)
To : SunkenCiv
Exactly .
But why mess up a perfectly good tourist trap with a boring scientific explanation ?
Everybody knows ET ’s are fascinated by anal probes ( a pipe of sorts ) , cattle mutilations and other strange pursuits that bring them here from across the galaxy .
Why not leave some mysterious “ pipes ” in the ground ?
It makes perfect sense ... does n’t it ?
To : Bernard Marx
Travel in the Ancient World
by Lionel Casson
A gifted faker name Alexander founded an oracle in a backwater on the south shore of the Black Sea .
Here , for stiff prices , a talking serpent he had rigged up answered questions for the local hayseeds ... ( p 135 )
Well , it does to me , but that 's not exactly a litmus test ...
by 19 posted onby SunkenCiv ( https://secure.freerepublic.com/donate/_______Profile finally updated Saturday , December 6 , 2008 !!!)
To : bigheadfred
/rimshot !
by 20 posted onby SunkenCiv ( https://secure.freerepublic.com/donate/_______Profile finally updated Saturday , December 6 , 2008 !!!)
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
SEOUL , South Korea ( CNN ) -- North Korea test - fired a fourth short - range missile off its east coast Thursday , South Korea 's Yonhap News Agency reported .
North Korean leader Kim Jong
Il 's administration has become more aggressive in recent months .
South Korea 's Defense Ministry had earlier confirmed three launches , but could not immediately be reached about the fourth reported missile .
The first three missiles were fired at 5:20 p.m. , 6 p.m. , and 7:50 p.m. local time from Sinsang - ni near the eastern coastal city of Wonsan , a ministry spokesman said .
A U.S. official told CNN " the missile firings come as no surprise . "
" The North has been carrying out provocative acts for some time , " said the official , who did not want to be named for security reasons .
" North Korea needs to stop this type of activity and return to the process of bringing about a denuclearization of the Korean peninsula . "
A U.S. intelligence official confirmed the test firings and said there are " no indications whatsoever " of an impending long - range missile test .
The intelligence official , who could also not be named for security reasons , said the launches came as no surprise because North Korea had issued a warning to mariners to avoid an area in the Sea of Japan at certain times between June 24 and July 9 because of a " military firing exercise , " according to a U.S. military communication about the warning provided to CNN .
The North issued a similar warning before testing a long - range missile in April , but that warning indicated two potential danger areas more indicative of a long - range missile test .
Thursday 's reported test comes amid heightened tensions on the Korean peninsula .
North Korea conducted a nuclear test in May , fired test rockets and threatened U.S. and South Korean ships near its territorial waters .
Analyst Daniel Pinkston said the reported test might be training for a future test but it could also just be a routine military exercise .
" It is worrisome to some degree , but it is different from a ballistic missile launch , " said Pinkston , of the International Crisis Group in Seoul , South Korea .
" It 's part of military training , but there seem to be no movements of troops or anything that would suggest preparations for military operations .
" So yes , people are watching it , the military is watching it here , but I do n't think it 's related to any plans or operations to attack anyone . "
Russia had a low - key reaction to the reported test .
Russian military experts are carefully studying the reports but the launches will not change the political situation , a spokesman for Russia 's Foreign Ministry said .
CNN 's Jill Dougherty in Moscow , Russia and Charley Keyes in Washington , D.C. , contributed to this report
Sapphire Energy founder Jason Pyle Sapphire Energy Business : Oil from algae Location : San Diego Employees : 80 2008 Revenues : N/ A Photos Selling green
The Plot to Save the Planet , Fortune Small Business editorial director Brian Dumaine chronicles how entrepreneurs are tapping into what could be the biggest economic opportunity of the 21st century : clean , money - saving technology .
View photos
In his new bookeditorial director Brian Dumaine chronicles how entrepreneurs are tapping into what could be the biggest economic opportunity of the 21st century : clean , money - saving technology .
Power plant : Sapphire 's algae
SAN DIEGO ( Fortune Small Business ) --
Step into the greenhouse at Sapphire Energy , a small biofuel company in San Diego , and you might expect to be accosted by rows of exotic tropical orchids or at least a few tomato plants .
But the only thing growing here is algae - lots of it .
Inside 1,000 - liter bags of salt water , each one bubbling with carbon dioxide , live some of the fastest - growing plants on earth : algae that have been genetically modified to produce an oil much like underground crude .
If Sapphire can grow enough algae , the oil generated could replace petroleum and the organisms themselves could help save the planet by eating excess carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
Not bad for pond scum .
The concept of algae as fuel is not new .
A federal energy project created in 1978 studied pond scum for nearly two decades .
It examined 3,000 strains and concluded that algae with a high oil content and a taste for harsh living conditions just might help mankind kick its fossil fuel addiction .
Once popular with environmentalists , ethanol and biofuel made from vegetable oil have fallen out of favor , largely because they take more energy to make than they produce .
But there 's been a tiny bloom of algae startups in recent years .
There are 60 of them in the U.S. today , according to the Algal Biomass Organization , 50 more than existed five years ago .
" All of them are small companies , " says Thomas Byrne , the industry group 's secretary .
" And many right now just have a concept . "
Sapphire is one of the most promising companies in its class .
Founder and CEO Jason Pyle , 38 , is a molecular biologist on his third startup ( he also founded two medical technology companies in San Francisco ) .
Pyle and his team started off in 2007 with about 40 strains of oil - producing algae and have since genetically engineered 100,000 strains .
Their goal : to isolate strains that create lots of oil very quickly .
In September 2007 , Sapphire found a winner - algae whose oil is molecularly similar to light , sweet crude .
In other words , any refinery can take the algae oil , which looks a lot like molasses , and turn it into gasoline , jet fuel or diesel .
" I can't wait 20 years to build a new infrastructure for liquid fuel , " says Pyle .
" We want to use the pipelines , refineries and gas stations we have now and get our fuel into cars , trucks and airplanes . "
The company tested its algae oil successfully on a Continental Airlines ( CAL , Fortune 500 ) flight in January , but only as a 2 % blend in a larger biofuel experiment .
" We do n't want to make an additive , " Pyle says .
" We want a swap " : so - called " green crude " for regular crude .
The Continental flight was the first public demonstration of Sapphire 's fuel .
Tests with other large fuel customers are due this year and next .
But Sapphire 's business model requires massive scale .
The company is currently building a test facility in Las Cruces , N.M. , with 22 acres of ponds that will suck up salt water from an underground aquifer .
Pyle hopes it will produce about seven barrels of oil a day .
After that , he says , Sapphire plans to conduct a much larger demonstration project - 10,000 barrels per day , or half the production capacity of a large refinery .
Other than production , one major issue remains : separating the oil from the water in which it was grown .
" Right now it takes a lot of energy to do that , which defeats the purpose , " says Seth Snyder , a biochemical engineer at Argonne National Laboratory .
The company is not without competitors .
Like Sapphire , Aurora Biofuels in San Francisco creates genetically modified algae , but rather than developing algae that yield the most crude - like oil , it focuses on strains that produce the most oil , period .
In Maui , HR BioPetroleum has announced plans for an algae facility that will capture and eat carbon dioxide from the Hawaiian Electric power plant next door .
At Solazyme , also in San Francisco , the algae are kept in the dark and fed a diet of switchgrass and sugarcane .
Solazyme claims it has produced the first algae oil to meet aviation fuel standards , though it has yet to be tested in a plane .
Sapphire has plenty of admirers .
Microsoft ( MSFT , Fortune 500 ) founder Bill Gates is first among them :
His private venture firm , Cascade Investment , helped Sapphire raise more than $ 100 million last July .
Other algae startups are cheering them on .
" These are extremely big bets , " says Aurora chairman Jim Long , " and $ 100 million is about the threshold .
This really is n't about competition between algae companies ; the competition is oil . "
If Sapphire finds a secure economic environment where the company can grow quickly , everybody wins .
The algae could n't have put it better themselves .
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
Live Review : Andrew Bird at The Greek Theatre , July 10 , 2009
Last Friday , as the setting sun ceased its summer sizzle , the skies above Los Angeles gave way to perfect seams and pearls of clouds in morse code configurations , as if to telegraph to the city : “ the weekend is here , and the air is just right for drinking . ” *
On nights like that , there ’s really only one thing to do in Los Angeles ( if you ’re thinking “ accost hookers in Bell Gardens , ” you ’re wrong , but just slightly ) .
Indeed , when the weather conspires just so , as it did on the 10th , L.A. summer nights become tailor - made for one of the city ’s finest luxuries – outdoor concerts .
Like the going to the beach or rolling tourists at Hollywood & Highland , seeing a show at the Hollywood Bowl , the Ford or the Greek Theatre is a quintessential L.A. experience that makes one wonder what the other 364 days of the year are for .
It ’s on these occasions — to vaguely recall and misinterpret Shakespeare – that the sun gets jealous of the moon , because the moon gets to rock out and stuff .
Or something .
As luck had it , singer / songwriter / violinist / guitarist / whistler Andrew Bird was in residence on stage at the Greek that very night , gracing the moon and a few thousand fans with creations old and new , the latter specifically being from his latest ( and possibly greatest ) record , Noble Beast .
Since arriving in the mid-90s , the classically trained Bird has gradually eschewed the old - timey jauntiness of early releases such as Thrills and Oh !
The Grandeur in favor of fare that ’s simultaneously more contemporary and unique in voice .
Where at one time it seemed he aspired to do nothing more than sit at the same bandstand as Stephane Grappelli and Django Reinhardt ( and was working with the likes of the Squirrel Nut Zippers as an appropriately self - limiting result ) , Bird has since come to terms with his music schooling and let his emotional personae take the driver ’s seat in dictating his output .
The results have generally been more subdued , less pointed and more intriguing overall .
More to the point , imagination has seeped into Bird ’s work .
Though talent in and of itself can be impressive to behold , talent coupled with imagination becomes something else entirely ( just ask Theodor “ Dr. Seuss ” Geisel .
If he were n’t dead , that is ) .
For Bird , it ’s meant expanding his artistry to rely less on violin and develop his songwriting to include more instrumentation , looping , and some left - of - center hooks .
Which brings us to last Friday ’s show .
Bird was a whirlwind of activity on stage , handily trading his violin ( whether plucked , strummed or bowed ) for guitar , whistling and xylophone .
He conjured an image of a Dr. Seussian one - man band at work , with limbs and instruments everywhere at once .
In fact , if Bird pulled out a homemade instrument called a blartamafoogh , it ’s doubtful anyone would have batted a lash .
The stage was flanked on either end by a giant , luminous gramophone horn , thematically linked to a pair of smaller horns center stage , which were conjoined in Seussian Siamese twin fashion to create a rotating speaker apparatus , which people smarter than me have said was similar to a “ Leslie speaker . ”
Whatever the case , Bird triggered it at will to manifest an ethereal spirit in his delivery from time to time .
Early in the set , during Fingerlings ’ “ Sweetbreads ” ( which features the Seussly styled hook “ sweetbreads / I could taste what you were thinking / sweetbreads / that ’s the taste of neurons blinking ” ) , it became apparent that all was not right on stage , as technical problems disabled Bird ’s looping gear and second vocal mic .
He cracked a few jokes , then simply adapted and brought off his performance as if nothing were amiss .
In fact , save for the roadie scurrying in from the wings , had Bird not mentioned anything , or if his drummer had not stalled mid-song later in the set , it ’s doubtful anyone in the audience would have noticed there were elements missing from the presentation .
That ’s probably a side benefit of being a musical prodigy – you know , the ability to make transparent the fact you suddenly can’t provide the very show you prepared and rehearsed .
Set stand - outs included “ Opposite Day , ” from the Seussly titled The Mysterious Production Of Eggs , as well as “ Oh No ” and the Seussical - sounding “ Anonimal ” from Noble Beast .
“ Oh No ” in particular made hay of Bird ’s astonishing whistling prowess — which , if you ’ve read our review of Trepanning Trio ’s dual album release last year , you know we know from whistling .
Put it this way : if Andrew Bird ’s whistling went head - to - head with the whistling from The Scorpions ’ “ Wind of Change , ” it would be like V - E Day all over again .
If you bet your house on the whistling from Otis Redding ’s “ ( Sittin ’ On The ) Dock Of The Bay ” against Andrew Bird , you ’d be sad , because not only would you wind up homeless , but Bird would donate your house to charity and you ’d be out the tax write - off as well .
“ Whistle While You Work ? ”
The Seven Dwarves are n’t fit to walk behind Bird ’s whistle with a shovel .
But the highlight of the show by far was “ Lull ” from Weather Systems , an album title auspiciously befitting the evening .
During the song , which at times felt as if it were delicately balancing on the head of a pin , one of the giant moths which have been plaguing the L.A. this season ( the housing crisis must be affecting them , too ) made an appearance , diving in and out of the red and blue stage lights for several minutes as Bird delivered below .
It was an impromptu but no less mesmerizing ballet , the net effect of which was not unlike what the plastic bag scene in American Beauty attempted to portray , albeit minus the context of Thora Birch ’s and Mena Suvari ’s quad - titted attack .
One moth , true moth , red moth , blue moth – it was a defining moment to carry forth into the pristine evening after the show , and no doubt many of the audience did just that .
* The clouds in question clearly borrowed this line from the unjustly maligned 90s cinema masterpiece Men At Work staring Martin Sheen ’s progeny , Emilio Estevez and Charlie Sheen , in their only big - screen appearance together .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Deploying Dnssec ( Layerone 2009 )
Description :
This is the video of the talk titled " Deploying DNSSEC " given at Layer One 2009 by Erik Berls .
The slides can be downloaded here .
Talk Description : DNSSEC has been around for over 10 years ( RFC 2535 , March 1999 ) and setting it up still presents challenges .
DNS is one of the last few widely unsecured core Internet protocols .
DNSSEC presents with a chicken and egg problem for adoption , like many new changes before it .
The investment in increasing the number of DNSSEC enabled domains must come before we can start actively verifying look - ups .
This is a blitz approach to setting up DNSSEC .
We ’ll skip past any long , boring documentation , and jump into what you ’d need to get this up over your lunch break .
This nuts and bolts presentation focuses on getting your server up , running , and configured in short order .
However , attention will be made to running and maintaining this server in a production environment .
Architecture recommendations and guidelines will be discussed .
Author Info : Erik currently resides on the outskirts of the greater San Francisco Bay Area , biding his time as a Gentleman Adventurer .
He bounces between endeavors such as spontaneous travel , network security , running , software design , and cooking .
He has run the gamut from 3 person start - ups to 10s of thousand person multinationals , doing computer and network security for financial sector , big oil , and telecom .
From July 17th – 19th , hundreds of motorcycles , riders and thousands of fans descended on Mid-Ohio to check out Honda Super Cycle Weekend and witness AMA Pro Racing at its finest .
It ’s been a long time since I ’ve had a chance to see a bike race and relive the excitement of my old riding days and it was both nostalgic and invigorating .
Mid-Ohio is a storied track that is situated in rural Lexington , about 90 miles Southwest of downtown Cleveland .
Four classes of sportbikes went head - to - head on the 2.4 - mile , 15 - turn road course looking for top place finishes or at least a move up in the point standings .
This road course is known as “ the most competitive ” in the United States and is an amazing venue , with its numerous hills , turns and bridges , to watch this sport .
Friday consisted of practice sessions and some qualifying , part of which unfortunately got rained out .
Saturday ’s highlights included the Moto - GT 2 hour team race and the first American Superbike and Daytona SportBike races .
Sunday rounded out the weekend with the second Daytona SportBike and American Superbike races as well as the SuperSport race .
If all of this sounds a little confusing , let ’s break down the classes .
The MotoGT class features exciting 2 hr endurance races ( except for the season finale 8 hrs at Daytona ) that are pretty much all inclusive , with participating motorcycles pulled from more than 40 different makes and models .
Due to the length of these races , teams of rider , typically a pair , compete using the same bike .
These machines must have a minimum weight of 365 to 390 lbs and run spec fuel and tires .
As endurance racing is becoming more and more popular in motosports , the AMA has taken notice and provided a great new format .
Race Results : Dane Westby and Dustin Meador on their Yamaha YZF - R6 took the checkered flag for the APA Pro Moto - GT after 76 laps of racing
American Superbike is really the premier racing class with the most powerful production motorcycles from each manufacturer run in modified form with spec tires and spec fuel .
These bikes include four - cylinder bikes such as the Suzuki GSX - R1000 , Honda CBR1000RR and Yamaha R1 as well as two - cylnder machines such as the Buell 1125CR and Ducati 1098 R .
One stipulation is that the two - cylinder , four - stroke bikes must have a minimum post race weight of 375 lbs .
and are capped at maximum displacement of 1000 cc while two - stroke , four - cylinder machines have a loftier weight restriction of 390 lbs .
but no displacement limit .
These bikes are slightly modified as well and often have fuel tanks that are swapped out or revised in some way .
As long as they still maintain the stock appearance and enough petrol to finish a 50 - mile race , they are compliant .
Results : Race 1 – Josh Hayes claimed his second career AMA Pro American Superbike win on his Yamaha R1
Results : Race 2 – Josh Hayes claimed his third career AMA Pro American Superbike win on his Yamaha R1
Daytona SportBike is a new ‘ middleweight class ’ that features a diverse mix of quick and nimble 600 cc bikes that compete alongside big - bore bikes with lots of power and torque .
Eligible 600 cc bikes include Yamaha YZF - R6 , Suzuki GSX - R600 , Honda CBR600RR , Kawasaki Ninja ZX - 6 R and of course the Triumph Daytona 675 .
The big boys on the field consist of the Buell 1125R , Aprilia RSV1000R and Ducati 848 .
These bikes all have four - strokes engines and must maintain a minimum weight of 365 – 385 lbs .
Only minimal modification and engine tuning are allowed and these machines must use stock transmissions .
That said , performance is still phenomenal and these bikes can exceed 175 mph on straight - aways .
Each race includes only 10 eligible bikes .
Results : Race One – Danny Eslick grabbed his fourth career AMA Pro Daytona SportBike win on his Buell 1125R
Results : Race Two – Danny Eslick grabbed his fifth career AMA Pro Daytona SportBike win on his Buell 1125R
SuperSport is a new 600 cc entry - level class for professional riders ages 16 - 21 .
These up - and - comers compete using the same bikes featured in the Daytona SportBike division but in less modified form .
The AMA restricts competition for any Pro Road Racing Class to those 16 years and older .
In addition , once a rider reaches 21 , they can no longer compete in the Supersport class .
And if a rider is competing in a different class and finishes in the top 10 , they ca n’t drop down to the Supersport class to compete even if they are between the ages of 16 and 21 .
Results : Josh Day earned his first career AMA Pro SuperSport win on his Yamaha YZF-R6
Overall it was a fantastic event program with lots of racing excitement , plenty of top - tier vendors displaying their goods , and a friendly , enthusiastic crowd .
One of the highlights of the 2009 Honda Super Cycle Weekend was just walking around and talking to folks about their bikes , reliving various harrowing experiences and comparing notes .
Unlike many raceways , Mid-Ohio does n’t have a large grandstand .
But this is actually a big plus as there is plenty of expansive green space with great vantage points from which to spread out your blanket , relax and watch the races .
There is no crazy assigned seating to speak of or Southwest - style rushes to grab desirable viewing places .
And the added bonus of infield parking with campgrounds is a welcome convenience .
It ’s fantastic to be able to keep coolers of food and drink in your trunk and just stroll back to the car whenever you get hungry or need libations .
Next time , I think I ’ll bring a walkie - talkie as well to keep in contact with the crew .
Cell - phone reception is a little spotty if you are near a heavily forested area of the track .
All in all , it was a terrific event .
Also , be sure to check out the Umbrella Girls from AMA Pro Racing .
Source : AMA Pro Racing | Mid-Ohio
You might need a scanner every so often , but they 're far too big for their occasional usefulness .
If you 've got an iPhone and some time to cut cardboard , you can ditch some paper and capture documents without the glass bed .
Advertisement
University of Cincinnati student Kyle A Koch frequently synced his iPhone and backed up his iPhoto library , but was n't so hot with the paper and study material organization .
Since he knew he was reliable with iPhone images , he put his industrial design studies into practice and crafted cardboard - based docks that elevate the phone just enough to properly frame and capture 8.5x11 documents .
You can order a customized , pre-assembled version of Koch 's scanner apparatus in cardboard or medium density fibreboard , but Koch also includes a free EPS file for downloading and DIY building .
It builds roughly 15 inches tall and long , and would seem to be pretty cheap to build .
Combined with a universal capture / OCR tool like Evernote and the powerful camera on an iPhone 3G S , it 's definitely a work - able scanner solution for those who only need a few documents in digital form now and again .
Advertisement
i Phone Document Scanner
Ponoko showroom - iPhone Document Scanner [ Kyle A Koch via Twitter / Kevin Lim ]
Fun with a webcam
Introduction
When I was a child , I wished I had a video camera to play with .
Now that I finally own a webam , I decided to do fun things with it .
I dont use my webcam to do videoconference ...
And I would really appreciate if someone could explain why we call them Webcams ?
What 's the link between the web and an USB camera ?
If you have done cool projects using your webcam too and would like me to link to your page or add an entry on this page , please
When I was a child , I wished I had a video camera to play with .
Now that I finally own a webam , I decided to do fun things with it .
I dont use my webcam to do videoconference ...
And I would really appreciate if someone could explain why we call themcams ?
What 's the link between the web and an USB camera ?
If you have done cool projects using your webcam too and would like me to link to your page or add an entry on this page , please contact me .
If you saw a related page or know a page about any cool webcam project , please contact me .
I 'll add them to the Other people 's projects section .
Photography
Here are some pictures I took of my lab in november 2003 :
It 's also possible ( at least with this model ) to take close pictures of objects :
Before I got my digital camera , I used my webcam a lot to take pictures .
The picture quality is of course not as good as with a decent digital camera , but it 's still acceptable for a web site .
Here are some pictures I took of my lab in november 2003 :
It 's also possible ( at least with this model ) to take close pictures of objects :
Noise reduction
Another problem that occurs in low light is that the contrast is very low .
We can " stretch " the contrast so that the less bright pixel becomes black ( 0 ) and the brightest pixel is full white ( 255 ) .
We do the same for all three color channels ( Red , Green and Blue ) .
I wrote a tool to experiment with those principles .
Here is a good example :
From left to right
1 ) The picture from the webcam as - is .
2 ) The same picture with contrast stretched .
3 ) Average of several images .
What you are seeing is an IBM paper package .
The software I wrote evolved into a fun tool to play with video coming from a webcam .
It now has many other kind of filters .
I called it
In low light conditions , some noise appears in the pictures .
Unlike the light coming from the objects we are trying to photography , the noise is random .
Being random , it tends to cancel itself when we do an average of many pictures ( several seconds ) .
Another problem that occurs in low light is that the contrast is very low .
We can " stretch " the contrast so that the less bright pixel becomes black ( 0 ) and the brightest pixel is full white ( 255 ) .
We do the same for all three color channels ( Red , Green and Blue ) .
I wrote a tool to experiment with those principles .
Here is a good example : From left to right 1 ) The picture from the webcam as - is .
2 ) The same picture with contrast stretched .
3 ) Average of several images .
What you are seeing is an IBM paper package .
The software I wrote evolved into a fun tool to play with video coming from a webcam .
It now has many other kind of filters .
I called it SDLcam
The picture on the left , containing 27 infra-red leds , confirms that the webcam is sensitive to infra-reds .
The central picture shows the Atari 1040STe computer I 'm about to photograpy .
The picture on the right is the result .
My
Here is another proof that the webcam sees infra-reds .
My pupil is quite dilated :
A visitor mailed me about an article where someone explains how to remove the IR filter of the webcam to obtain a higher IR response .
I will try this soon !
http://homepage.ntlworld.com/geoff.johnson2/IR/
Here is another site where this time a camera phone gets modified for IR : A friend has sent me 2 pictures demonstrating the ability to view under ink using an ir- modified webcam .
I discovered that my webcam is able to see infra-reds .
This means that it 's possible bright something using infra-reds in order to take a picture in darkness ( at least for our eyes ) .
The picture on the left , containing 27 infra-red leds , confirms that the webcam is sensitive to infra-reds .
The central picture shows the Atari 1040STe computer I 'm about to photograpy .
The picture on the right is the result .
My noise reduction system was necessary to obtain this result .
Here is another proof that the webcam sees infra-reds .
My pupil is quite dilated : A visitor mailed me about an article where someone explains how to remove the IR filter of the webcam to obtain a higher IR response .
I will try this soon !
Here is another site where this time a camera phone gets modified for IR : Hacking a SE T610 camera for IR A friend has sent me 2 pictures demonstrating the ability to view under ink using an ir- modified webcam .
Picture taken with a normal webcam .
Picture taken with a webcam modified for infra-red only .
Monitoring
With the help of a tool called
Sometimes I use my webcam as a security camera .
With the help of a tool called motion , it is possible to automatically save pictures containing motion .
It 's also possible to connect to the built - in web server to see in real - time what 's going on in front of the camera .
Lightning pictures
Using motion , which saves pictures containing motion ( In other words , when a new picture is different enough from the previous one , it is saved ) , I was able to take many pictures of the lightnings during a storm : ( Easy , start motion and wait :)
Wide angle lens
The lens used by my webcam is designed assuming that the camera will be on top of a screen adn that it should only see the face of the person sitting in front of it .
This means that it does not have a very wide angle of vision .
Because of that , to photography large objects using my webcam I must be far from the object .
In security applications , we often want to see a full room .
This is impossible with the default lens .
I found a way to increase the angle of vision of the webcam using a door viewer .
I simply installed the door viewer in front of the webcam .
I obtained a wide angle of vision , but the image is small .
The lens used by my webcam is designed assuming that the camera will be on top of a screen adn that it should only see the face of the person sitting in front of it .
This means that it does not have a very wide angle of vision .
Because of that , to photography large objects using my webcam I must be far from the object .
In security applications , we often want to see a full room .
This is impossible with the default lens .
I found a way to increase the angle of vision of the webcam using a door viewer .
I simply installed the door viewer in front of the webcam .
I obtained a wide angle of vision , but the image is small .
Telescope
It 's possible to install the webcam in front of a telescope 's eyepiece in order to take pictures .
Here are some pictures I took of the moon :
You may also look to windows in your neighborhood : ( But this is not very nice )
Someone wrote me a about a website explaining how to use lens for 35 mm cameras to build a webcam telescope .
http://www.dennisonbertram.com/hackmaster/2005/02/webcam-telescope.htm
It 's possible to install the webcam in front of a telescope 's eyepiece in order to take pictures .
Here are some pictures I took of the moon :
You may also look to windows in your neighborhood : ( But this is not very nice ) Someone wrote me a about a website explaining how to use lens for 35 mm cameras to build a webcam telescope .
Microscope
I used hot glue to stick the webcam to the microscope since it 's easy to remove :
Here is a picture of microscopic crystals taken with this setup :
For more pictures , visit my
To take pictures with a microscope , I removed the lens from the webcam and the microscope 's eyepiece .
With this setup , the picture coming from the microscope goes directly to the camera 's sensor .
I used hot glue to stick the webcam to the microscope since it 's easy to remove :
Here is a picture of microscopic crystals taken with this setup :
For more pictures , visit my mysterious green crystals page .
360 degrees
Here is an animation built with this : ( I has less frames than the original and is smaller )
I also wrote a program that 's able to " unroll " objects .
The stepper does a full revolution in 200 steps .
At each step , the program saves the central line of the picture received from the webcam .
Next , each of the saved lines are aligned one after another , from left to right , forming an image .
First of all , we must align the webcam on the object 's rotation axis :
After 200 steps , the picture looks like this :
The image ratio is wrong .
I would need a mecanism with some gears to obtain more steps per turn .
Meanwhile , I can cheat by resizing the image :
It 's fun to try to " unroll " non-circular objects : ( in this example , it 's a pager )
With a step motor ( stepper ) controlled by a parallel port , I built a platform which can rorate an object step by step , taking a picture of each step automatically .
Here is an animation built with this : ( I has less frames than the original and is smaller ) I also wrote a program that 's able to " unroll " objects .
The stepper does a full revolution in 200 steps .
At each step , the program saves the central line of the picture received from the webcam .
Next , each of the saved lines are aligned one after another , from left to right , forming an image .
First of all , we must align the webcam on the object 's rotation axis :
After 200 steps , the picture looks like this :
The image ratio is wrong .
I would need a mecanism with some gears to obtain more steps per turn .
Meanwhile , I can cheat by resizing the image :
It 's fun to try to " unroll " non-circular objects : ( in this example , it 's a pager )
Computer control with laser pointer
I wrote a simple program that uses a webcam to detect the presence and position of the spot created by a laser pointer on a wall .
It is possible to define hotspots which can be activated using the pointer .
When a hotspot is activated , any command can be executed .
My goal was to control a music player , xmms , with this system .
For more information , visit
I wrote a simple program that uses a webcam to detect the presence and position of the spot created by a laser pointer on a wall .
It is possible to define hotspots which can be activated using the pointer .
When a hotspot is activated , any command can be executed .
My goal was to control a music player , xmms , with this system .
For more information , visit Software > laserspotcam
Other people 's projects / links
Boston - A justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court has ordered police to return a laptop and other property seized from a Boston College computer science student 's dorm room after finding there was no probable cause to search the room in the first place .
The police were investigating whether the student sent hoax emails about another student .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) and Boston law firm Fish and Richardson are representing the computer science student , who was forced to complete much of the final month of the semester without his computer and phone .
Boston College also shut off the student 's network access in the wake of the now - rejected search .
" The judge correctly found that there was no legitimate reason to search and seize this student 's property , " said EFF Civil Liberties Director Jennifer Granick .
" Our client was targeted because law enforcement was improperly suspicious of our client 's computer skills and misunderstood computer crime laws .
We 're grateful that the court was able to see through the commonwealth 's smokescreen and rectify this mistake . "
In her order Thursday , Justice Margot Botsford rejected the commonwealth 's theory that sending a hoax email might be unlawful under a Massachusetts computer crime statute barring the " unauthorized access " to a computer , concluding that there could be no violation of what was only a " hypothetical internet use policy . "
Thursday 's decision now stands as the highest state court opinion to reject the dangerous theory that terms of service violations constitute computer " hacking " crimes .
Justice Botsford further found that details offered by police as corroboration of other alleged offenses were insufficient and did not establish probable cause for the search .
" No one should be subjected to a search like this based on such flimsy theories and evidence , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Matt Zimmerman .
" The Fourth Amendment flatly bars such fishing expeditions .
Computer expertise is not a crime , and it was inappropriate for the commonwealth to employ such transparent scare tactics in an attempt to hide the fact that they had no case . "
EFF had appealed the case to the Massachusetts Supreme Court with Fish & Richardson attorneys Adam Kessel , Lawrence Kolodney , and Tom Brown .
For the full order from Judge Botsford :
http://www.eff.org/files/SJCcalixteorder.pdf
For more on this case :
http://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2009/05/mass-sjc-tosses-calixte-warrant
Contacts :
Jennifer Stisa Granick
Civil Liberties Director
Electronic Frontier Foundation
jennifer@eff.org
Matt Zimmerman
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
mattz@eff.org
Carre d’etoiles : a Tiny , Portable Prefab Cube from France
Yesterday materialicious discovered the neatest prefab cube and I had the hardest time waiting until today to share it with you .
The concept of the design is for a vacation getaway for resorts where you can experience a window to the sky , and an island of liberty .
You can rent these at several places throughout France and use the included astronomical telescope to penetrate the mysteries of the universe .
Designed with luxury and modern appliances , this tiny cube which size I estimate to be approximately 10 x 10 x 10 foot has everything you need in a very compact space .
It will sleep four people , has a corner kitchen , toilet , shower , cabin bed , and parquet floors .
It has all the modern conveniences including a flat panel TV , mp3 player ready , telephone and Internet ready .
I want one of these in my back yard , or on some remote piece of property for a get away cabin .
Visit the Carre D’etoiles website to learn more .
It appears they are no longer in business .
( 6/11/20 )
If you enjoyed this post , subscribe to our feed
by Thomas A. Richards , Ph.D .
Psychologist / Director , The Social Anxiety Institute
Social Anxiety Disorder ( social phobia ) is the third largest mental health care problem in the world today .
The latest government epidemiological data show social anxiety affects about 7 % of the population at any given time .
The lifetime prevalence rate ( i.e. , the chances of developing social anxiety disorder at any time during the lifespan ) stands slightly above 13 % .
( See journal citation on the Social Anxiety Association home page . )
Definition
Social anxiety is the fear of social situations that involve interaction with other people .
You could say social anxiety is the fear and anxiety of being negatively judged and evaluated by other people .
It is a pervasive disorder and causes anxiety and fear in most all areas of a person 's life .
It is chronic because it does not go away on its own .
Only direct cognitive - behavioral therapy can change the brain , and help people overcome social anxiety .
Perceptions
People with social anxiety are many times seen by others as being shy , quiet , backward , withdrawn , inhibited , unfriendly , nervous , aloof , and disinterested .
Paradoxically , people with social anxiety want to make friends , be included in groups , and be involved and engaged in social interactions .
But having social anxiety prevents people from being able to do the things they want to do .
Although people with social anxiety want to be friendly , open , and sociable , it is fear ( anxiety ) that holds them back .
Triggering Symptoms
People with social anxiety usually experience significant distress in the following situations :
Being introduced to other people
Being teased or criticized
Being the center of attention
Being watched or observed while doing something
Having to say something in a formal , public situation
Meeting people in authority ( " important people / authority figures " )
Feeling insecure and out of place in social situations ( " I do n’t know what to say . " )
Embarrassing easily ( e.g. , blushing , shaking )
Meeting other peoples ’ eyes
Swallowing , writing , talking , making phone calls if in public
This list is not a complete list of symptoms -- other symptoms may be associated with social anxiety as well .
Emotional Symptoms
The feelings that accompany social anxiety include anxiety , high levels of fear , nervousness , automatic negative emotional cycles , racing heart , blushing , excessive sweating , dry throat and mouth , trembling , and muscle twitches .
In severe situations , people can develop a dysmorphia concerning part of their body ( usually the face ) in which they perceive themselves irrationally and negatively .
Constant , intense anxiety ( fear ) is the most common symptom .
Insight
People with social anxiety typically know that their anxiety is irrational , is not based on fact , and does not make rational sense .
Nevertheless , thoughts and feelings of anxiety persist and are chronic ( i.e. , show no signs of going away ) .
Appropriate active , structured , cognitive - behavioral therapy is the only solution to this problem .
Decades of research have concluded that this type of therapy is the only way to change the neural pathways in the brain permanently .
This means that a permanent change is possible for everyone .
Seeking Help
Social anxiety , as well as the other anxiety disorders , can be successfully treated today .
In seeking help for this problem , we recommend searching for a specialist -- someone who understands this problem well and knows how to treat it .
Social anxiety treatment must include an active behavioral therapy group , where members can work on their " anxiety " hierarchies in the group , and later , in real - life situations with other group members .
Social anxiety is a fully treatable condition and can be overcome with effective therapy , work , and patience .
Therapy ( Treatment )
Cognitive - behavioral therapy for social anxiety has been markedly successful .
Thousands of research studies now indicate that , after the completion of social anxiety - specific CBT , people with social anxiety disorder are changed .
They now live a life that is no longer controlled by fear and anxiety .
Appropriate therapy is markedly successful in changing people 's thoughts , beliefs , feelings , and behavior .
The person with social anxiety disorder must be compliant and do what is necessary to overcome this disorder .
National Institutes of Mental Health - funded studies report a very high success rate using cognitive therapy with a behavioral therapy group .
Both are essential to alleviating anxiety symptoms associated with social anxiety disorder .
Medication
Social anxiety medication is useful for many , but not all , people with social anxiety disorder .
For social anxiety , research indicates use of the anti-anxiety agents , and ( perhaps ) certain antidepressants in conjunction with CBT have proven most beneficial .
Medication without the use of active , structured cognitive - behavioral therapy has no long - term benefits .
Only CBT can change the neural pathway associations in the brain permanently .
The therapy used must " fit " the way the human brain is structured .
Current research indicates many antidepressant medications for social anxiety disorder to be useless , even in the short - term .
About 15 % of our in - person socially - anxious people are helped by antidepressants .
Some of the large - scale medication studies for social anxiety have been questioned and found to be skewed in favor of the drugs marketed by the same pharmaceutical companies who paid for these studies to be done in the first place .
These kind of studies are conflicts - of - interest , and their conclusions should be thoroughly questioned .
In addition , each person is different , and there is no general rule that works concerning social anxiety and medications .
For a typical person with social anxiety , who has an " average " amount of anxiety , along the quantifiable continuum , we have found an anti-anxiety agent to be most effective , if the person has no history of substance abuse .
Antidepressants do not work anywhere near as well , in general .
A typical superstititon , promoted by the drug companies , is that antidepressants have anti-anxiety properties .
This is not true .
If anything , many of the antidepressants make a person MORE anxious .
However , not all people want or need medication .
One of the big changes in the last decade is the gradual non-use of medications by people coming into active therapy for social anxiety .
The majority of people in our groups now choose not to use medications and to concentrate solely on CBT .
Nevertheless , it is the combination of cognitive and behavioral therapy that changes the brain and allows you to overcome social anxiety .
Medications can only temporarily change brain chemistry and can be useful in some cases .
This is very general advice , and you must consult with your psychiatrist when it comes to medications .
Try to find someone who understands that anti-anxiety agents are not addictive to people with diagnosable anxiety disorders .
In twenty years , we have never had even one patient who has moved up their dosage of an anti-anxiety agent once an adequate baseline is established as being effective .
Social anxiety people can be helped by a low dose of an anti-anxiety agents ( there is a reason why we prefer a low dose of either lorazepam or clonazepam for this purpose ) .
THIS ADVICE ( above ) only applies to people who have a diagnosable ( DSM - 5 : 300.23 ) case of social anxiety disorder .
You cannot generalize this out to other mental health care conditions .
Compliance with Cognitive - Behavioral Therapy
Cognitive - behavioral ( rational ) therapy is not difficult to do , and has not been seen this way by participants .
The first factor in not complying with the therapy is that " I can't remember to do it every day " and " I have a hard time committing to something in which I do n't see immediate results " .
The psychologist or group leader should have time - tested solutions to these irrational arguments .
Prognosis
Prognosis is markedly good .
People completing CBT training report a high success rate , compared to control groups .
In the National Institute of Mental Health longitudinal studies , people continued to report progress after CBT behavioral group therapy was over .
Studies repeatedly indicate that treatment compatibility ( i.e. , did the person carry out the prescribed therapy ? ) is the key element in success .
Using different terminology , the social anxiety people who understand and follow the directions to be repetitive with the therapy report the most positive changes in lessening anxious feelings and thoughts .
Repetition and reinforcement of rational concepts , strategies , and methods ( and their implementation ) is the key to alleviating social anxiety disorder on a long - term basis .
People can and do overcome social anxiety if they stick with the cognitive strategies and pratically apply them to their lives .
Differential Diagnosis and Comorbidity
Social anxiety disorder is one of the five major anxiety disorders as listed in the DSM - 5 .
Social anxiety is many times confused with panic disorder .
People with social anxiety do not experience panic attacks ( they may experience " anxiety attacks " ) , in which the principal fear is of having a medical problem ( e.g. , heart attack ) .
People with social anxiety realize that it is anxiety and fear that they are experiencing .
They may say things like " It was awful and I panicked ! " , but , when questioned , they are talking about feeling highly anxious .
They are not talking about the fear of having a medical problem .
People with social anxiety do not go to hospital emergency rooms after an anxiety situation .
People with panic disorder many times go to hospital emergency rooms , or doctor 's offices , at first because they feel there is something physically wrong with them .
High rates of alcoholism and other substance abuse , family difficulties and problems , lack of personal relationships , and difficulty in obtaining and continuing with employment are among the everyday problems experienced by many people with social anxiety disorder .
A Big Problem
Lack of professional and knowledgeable therapists is the biggest and most relevant problem to overcoming social anxiety .
While it can be done , and a vast amount of clinical and research evidence supports this , overcoming social anxiety is difficult because of the scarcity of treatment facilities for people with this persistent anxiety disorder .
Often , we are led to the conclusion that effective therapy -- whether from a psychologist or from a non-licensed person -- comes only from people who have experienced this disorder themselves .
Twenty years of experience points to the fact that people who have lived with this disorder and overcome it , make the best group leaders .
The Millennial Project 2.0
The Millennial Project is a comprehensive plan for space development , beginning with the terrestrial cultivation of an environmentally sustainable civilization and Post - Industrial culture and culminating , far in the future , in the colonization of our immediate stellar neighborhood .
The TMP2 project is specifically a project of the Living Universe Foundation community to continually update and revise the content of the original plan as described by Marshal T. Savage in his book The Millennial Project .
[ note : please refrain from attempting major editing without project core group approval ]
Contents show ]
Where to start
If you are new to wikis , you may want to try the tutorial on the Central Wikia
on the Central Wikia
There is some advice on getting this wiki started at Help : Starting this wiki
A list of all help pages can be found at Category :
Help
Please direct project enquiries to Eric Hunting at The MillennialProject @ gmail.com or the Watercooler forum .
Support our media development program .
Looking for science - savvy artist / designers or donations to support our art and design commissions .
Help us get TMP2 illustrated !
Click Here To Donate Using PayPal
It 's no secret that the Internet TV service Hulu has been on the rise in recent months .
Its rapid growth can be attributed to many factors , but the fact that Hulu is owned by News Corp ( FOX ) , NBC , and most recently Disney ( ABC ) has provided it with a huge edge in content .
Now it seems that Hulu 's success has n't gone unnoticed by the movie industry .
Quietly , Paramount , Lionsgate , and MGM studios have been working together on a new project that will create a new TV channel and sister website for streaming movies : Epix .
And while Epix is in private beta ( for now ) , it promises to offer hundreds of full - length movies for your viewing pleasure , but with a few important caveats .
The Epix Project
Epix comes in two parts : a television channel and a Hulu - like website .
The television channel will show recent and popular movies from Paramount , Lionsgate , and MGM .
This means you could watch Iron Man , Cloverfield , or even Raging Bull .
Movies will air uninterrupted on the channel - no commercials .
It may sound a lot like some premium movie channel offerings already on the market , but it differs from HBO and Showtime in one major aspect : they do n't want you to pay for it .
Epix 's intent is to strike deals with cable and satellite providers to bring you the channel as part of your standard TV package .
The Epix channel is only half the story , however .
Epix has a fully - functional sister website , EpixHD.com .
This website has hundreds of movies from the libraries of the three movie studios .
As long as the movie is available for airing on the TV channel , it will be available to stream online .
And since most movies have a lifespan of about 2 years on TV , it adds up to a lot of movies .
Epix 's functionality
So what about the website itself ?
Is it any good ?
Does it really act like a Hulu for films ?
Well , we were provided early access to EpixHD and took it for a spin .
The first thing that strikes the eye is its straightforwardness : a panorama of movie choices greets you when you first land on the website .
Selecting one will immediately take you to the movie's web page , where you can watch the film , check out movie information , download wallpapers , and read plot details via Wikipedia .
Now , of course , what you care about are the movies and their quality , and on both fronts this beta website is already stellar .
The quality is , as the site 's domain suggest , HD - level ( 720 p at 3 megabits ) , and the movie selection is nothing you can laugh at , with more to come .
The movies available tend to be on the newer side , but has a selection of older films as well .
Regardless , being able to watch Iron Man in a legal stream puts a smile on our faces .
While there are a lot of social features included in Epix , the one that caught our attention was the Private Screening feature .
This spiffy little addition allows four people to watch a movie simultaneously and discuss it via a real - time chat .
As a bonus , the chat is designed like a movie theater ( a la Mystery Science Theater 3000 ) .
This can be a very easy way to enjoy a film together virtually .
Caveats and what 's next for Epix
While EpixHD is sleek and provides all the functionality you really need , the website will not be accessible by all .
Yes , this is where the caveat comes into play .
EpixHD is free , as long as you have the Epix TV channel .
This is different than Hulu , which is geo-restricted to the U.S.
If your cable provider has the channel and provides you with Internet , you will have access .
There are also some accounts available that do n't require access to the TV channel , but for now it does n't seem like accounts will be available to all .
This also means that there is not embedding feature for these full - length films .
However , we do n't think it 's time to lose hope yet .
Epix is still very early stage and could go in a lot of directions .
Consumer demand for the product could create a pay - access version or an ad- supported version .
It 's clear that they want Epix to be part of a TV package , but access can be independent of the TV channel .
As a standalone website , though , Epix is content - rich and easy to use .
It really is a Hulu for films , minus the embedding .
We hope that as the movie studios develop the website and the plan , they 'll find ways to support the service and provide access to all .
We believe that the movie studios providing online and TV access to full - length films could be a game changer , if they follow a smart game plan .
In the meantime , Epix may be providing additional invites after they fix some bugs and improve the user interface .
If and when that occurs , we 'll try to come back with invites .
After an accident , injury or loss , you deserve answers .
You deserve closure .
You deserve justice .
At the law firm of Barry D. Lang , M.D. & Associates , we ’re committed to your rights .
You should n’t have to cope with the legal aftermath of a serious injury on your own .
Let our attorneys shoulder your burdens .
We ’ll fight for the compensation you need to build a better future .
Come September , General Motors Corp. will have made what could be its last car in California .
The bankrupt automaker said Thursday that it would cease production of the Pontiac Vibe , the only vehicle GM still makes in the state , as part of its plan to eliminate the brand completely .
According to GM , the final Vibe will roll off the line at the New United Motor Manufacturing Inc. plant in Fremont by the end of August .
The factory , also known as NUMMI , is co-owned by GM and Toyota Motor Corp.
NUMMI is the only automotive assembly plant in California .
With GM working to radically cut production as part of its restructuring , it remains unclear whether the automaker will continue to build cars in the Golden State .
Advertisement
GM ’s head of North American operations , Troy Clarke , called the decision part of GM’s “ long - term viability ” and said that “ GM and Toyota remain in active discussions regarding potential future production ” at the plant .
NUMMI makes the Corolla compact and Tacoma small pickup truck for Toyota .
Lance Tomasu , a spokesman for the plant , said it “ will focus on building high - quality vehicles and work on lowering its costs while GM and Toyota discuss NUMMI ’s future direction , ” and indicated that for now the automakers intended to keep the plant “ a 50/50 venture . ”
As part of its restructuring process , GM announced plans to shutter the Pontiac brand .
It has also made deals to sell Hummer , Saturn and Saab , leaving it with just four brands in the U.S. On Tuesday , GM Chief Executive Fritz Henderson said the company did “ not see the same potential ” for a sale for Pontiac .
Through the first five months of this year , 65,054 Pontiacs were sold in the U.S. , down 48 % from the same period last year , according to Autodata Corp .
Sales of the hatchback Vibe , which starts at $ 16,735 , did not see as steep a drop : 11,395 sold through May , down 35 % from a year earlier .
Advertisement
Pontiac has seven vehicles in its current lineup , including the Vibe , and has already announced that it would cease production of the Solstice coupe in July and the G6 in September .
Plans for the G8 , G5 and G3 have not yet been announced , although production on all three is expected to be halted .
Toyota also makes the Tacoma in Mexico and Japan , while the Corolla is made in 15 other plants worldwide , including one in Canada .
Mike Goss , a Toyota spokesman , said that although Toyota is “ overcapacitized at the moment , ” the termination of the Vibe “ has no effect on our production at NUMMI . ”
Goss said the plant currently has two shifts producing the Corolla and one making the Tacoma .
Through May , Toyota ’s U.S. sales fell 39 % compared with a year earlier , and the automaker has a new plant in Mississippi that it has never put into service .
--
Advertisement
ken.bensinger@latimes.com
Bamboo Taxi -
Click above for a high - res image gallery
on Gilligan 's Island
Increasing powertrain efficiency is just one area in which vehicles ' environmental impact can be lessened .
A significant portion of the total energy used to operate the vehicle over its lifetime comes from sourcing and processing raw materials into individual vehicle components , as well as transporting finished vehicles to their end customers .
With this in mind , new taxis based on renewable materials are being built and usedin the Filipino town of Tabontabon .
The bodywork is made entirely from bamboo -- a grass which , in addition to being strong and lightweight , grows back after it 's harvested .
Do n't expect to see this on the list of IIHS Top Safety Picks anytime soon , but as a low - speed vehicle for use in rural areas , it 's an interesting alternative .
Even the fuel is renewable , as the engines in these vehicles are powered by coconut oil - based biodiesel .
Plus , if you 're lucky , maybe you 'll be able to split a fare with Ginger or Mary Ann on the way to the Professor 's hut .
Immigration is a large factor adding to our population .
Some groups concerned with population levels in the U.S. promote immigration reduction to help stabilize our country ’s population .
Some of those groups have been accused of having underlying racist agendas .
My preliminary research indicates that this may indeed be the case for certain groups which appear on the surface to be acting purely out of a concern for sustainability .
Conclusive information concerning a couple of groups seems elusive , but one becomes suspicious when tracking down information on their founders and other key figures , and looking at other groups with whom they work .
This appears to have created a messy political situation in environmental and overpopulation circles .
To varying degrees , many of the other population groups skirt the issue of immigration .
This is problematic , for it is an unavoidable part of the math of population growth .
In fact , many experts who clearly are concerned only with environmental and sustainability issues do support some level of immigration reform .
Intellectual honesty dictates that one not ignore immigration as an important variable .
Of the groups which do say something about immigration , a small number ( e.g. , the Growth Education Movement ) conclude that we can stabilize the U.S. population without immigration reform , through social and educational programs designed to reduce the fertility rate .
Some maintain that , in any event , overpopulation should be addressed only globally .
Still others take the view that we should seek to reduce worldwide population growth as well as the desire to immigrate here by better addressing poverty and other conditions which plague many third world countries .
As mentioned , some experts with no racist intent , do conclude that some level of immigration reform is needed if we are to reduce population growth sufficiently and soon enough to avoid extremely serious environmental and human impacts .
I would ask the reader to remain aware that the U.S. has always set some numerical limit on immigration .
So discussion of that limit within the context of striving to achieve sustainability ( thereby ultimately saving many lives and mitigating tremendous environmental destruction ) should not be seen as sacreligious or placed off limits in discussion among those grappling with the issue of population growth and its environmenal impact .
Any agenda , however , on the part of any group , to reduce immigration for racist purposes should be exposed , censured , and repudiated by legitimate environmentalists and related groups .
While I believe the issue of overpopulation is of profound importance , I ’m uncomfortable with certain of the population groups whose sites I ’ve examined .
As indicated above , some appear to have underlying agendas ( or significant ties to people with such agendas ) which I cannot support .
Others refrain from addressing all the issues forthrightly , which I can not support either .
The groups and resources I provide in the links section are among the few providing objective , honest information with ( as far as I know ) no hidden agendas .
I expect to add more over time .
Dynamic Systems
An Incredible Machine - esque physics puzzler in which you have to guide a ball to a cup .
Use bars , cogs , hammers and other items to create contraptions that would make Rube Goldberg proud !
Electronic
Arts has been playing games with attendees of the nation ’s biggest video - game trade show .
The game publisher hired a group of nearly 20 people to stand outside the Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles on Wednesday and appear to protest the upcoming EA game “ Dante ’s Inferno . ”
EA spokeswoman Holly Rockwood says the stunt was arranged by a viral marketing agency hired by EA .
The group claimed to be protesting the third - person action game – loosely based on Dante Aligheri ’s poem “ Divine Comedy ” – because they said the game glorified eternal damnation .
The fake religious protesters passed out pamphlets and held up picket signs with messages such as “ Hell is not a Video Game ” and “ Trade in Your PlayStation for a PrayStation . ”
Har !
Making Marijuana Reform Work since 2004
Sensible Colorado has the been the leader in :
1. Fighting for medical marijuana patient rights — in the courtroom , the capitol , and the streets
2. Establishing Colorado ’s nationally - acclaimed medical marijuana distribution system
3 . Passing sensible marijuana laws to benefit all Coloradans 21 and over
4. Spearheading the 2012 Legalization campaign , to make Colorado the first state to regulate marijuana like alcohol
Support The Cause
Patient Resource Center
You have questions , Sensible Colorado has answers .
We have a complete Frequently Asked Questions section for patients , caregivers , and business members .
Try it today !
Get the details
Introducing the ProudPatient.org Project
Sensible Colorado launched ProudPatient.org to encourage patients to speak with their community members , families , friends and the public about how cannabis helps with their debilitating health condition .
We believe that by encouraging medical marijuana patients to “ go public ” , we will help humanize the issue of medical marijuana and broaden society ’s understanding of patient ’s needs and rights .
By familiarizing the public with patients , we can build support for positive legislation , help overturn local bans , and introduce this valuable medicine to new patients .
Get the details
A strong earthquake with a magnitude of 6.1 struck off the coast of the remote New Ireland area of Papua New Guinea this morning , the US Geological Survey said .
The epicentre of the quake , which struck at 6:10 am local time , was located 103 kilometres south - southwest of the town of Kavieng , New Ireland , the USGS said .
It took place at a depth of 19 kilometres .
Papua New Guinea sits on the so - called Pacific " Ring of Fire " , where continental plates meet .
The region is frequently hit by earthquakes .
- AFP
Community support officers in Avon and Somerset are also being given the ­uniform - issue head coverings to be worn when they are on duty and entering places of worship .
There are two versions of the head coverings , one to match the black of the police officers ’ uniform and one to match the blue uniforms of the ­community support officers .
Both garments are embroidered with the Avon and Somerset Constabulary emblem and will also be available to plain - clothes officers .
The head coverings have already been issued to eight community support officers and seven police officers , including Assistant Chief Constable Jackie Roberts .
Ms Roberts said : “ Producing head coverings for our officers and staff to wear in places of worship is part of our commitment to engage with all our communities .
It recognises and respects the cultural and religious practices of our communities .
It 's just a rumor , but DigiTimes has pretty decent sources within Taiwan 's motherboard industry .
So what was a Q1 2010 mass production launch of Clarkdale CPUs is now rumored to be coming in Q4 , notable as the first Intel CPU to use its new 32nm process technology with an integrated memory controller and graphics core built on a 45 nm process .
This jibes with what DailyTECH and others were reporting back in Feburary .
DigiTimes adds that Intel expects Clarkdale CPUs to account for 10 % of its total desktop CPU shipments in Q4 rising to 20 % in Q1 2010 .
That means we should see the chips well before the holiday shopping season ( near the October 22nd launch of Windows 7 makes sense ) if true .
As for AMD , well , last we heard they 're still looking to " ramp up " production in the middle of 2010 with mass production capabilities arriving around Q4 .
Yeah , we know .
Read -- DigiTimes Read -- DailyTECH
Yesha Council Director - General Pinchas Wallerstein told Ynet on Monday that " the Defense Ministry and its head have made it clear to us that as long as dialogue has not been exhausted , the evacuation of outposts that were built after 2001 will not take place . "
Wallerstein added , " At the moment there is no dialogue , and there will be no dialogue , as long as the strangulation policy on settlements is not removed . "
West Bank Settlers :
We are the answer to Iran Efrat Weiss
In response to nationwide home front drill , Shomron Regional Council offers to accommodate Israelis evacuated from all over Israel in event of unconventional missile attack Settlers :
We are the answer to Iran
Yesha sources added that in recent days aides close to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu have told them that the prime minister agrees that no outposts will be evacuated until further talks take place .
In the early hours of Monday morning , protests against outpost evacuation ended in violence against Palestinians , leaving four injured , with one in serious condition .
The seriously injured Palestinians suffered from fractures in his skull and he was transferred to hospital in Nablus .
No arrests were made .
Head of the Shomron Regional Council Gershon Mesika said following the incident : " We are witnessing the settlers ' deep frustration .
The people have had their say in the elections , and as usual , the right - wing votes are being ignored and leftist policies are being practiced .
The settlers will fight for their homes . "
Mesika added , " I expect Bibi ( Netanyahu ) to come to his senses and lead policies in line with the democratic majority and stop letting ( Defense Minister Ehud ) Barak pull his strings .
There is no doubt that a person being removed from their home will fight and that 's that .
" I hope the peace is restored and these theatrical acts come to an end .
Why can Arabs build thousands of homes illegally without any enforcement , while we , who have all the permits , and are only missing the defense minister 's signature , are evacuated ? "
The Philosophy of Liberty , in 46 languages :
The Philosophy of Liberty video and The Adventures of Jonathan Gullible : A Free -Market Odyssey book were written by economist and author Ken Schoolland .
​
​
The poison dart was designed to kill in 30 minutes [ Pic : National Archives ]
Enlarge Image
Top secret War Office papers have revealed a strange and macabre weapons project tested by the Allies during World War II .
Lethal clouds of tiny poisoned darts were to be tipped with mustard gas to kill enemy troops without damaging nearby buildings or equipment .
The file has been released by the National Archives .
Test results were inconclusive and although the scientists remained enthusiastic , the project was shelved .
The concept was developed between 1941 and 1945 at the Porton Down research base in Wiltshire .
Horrible death Research scientists thought clouds of poison darts , blasted from canisters high above the battlefield , could be even more lethal against enemy troop concentrations than high - explosive shells .
Mustard gas compounds in the needles would ensure anyone whose skin was broken would die a swift and horrible death , or at least have terrible injuries .
Assessing the effectiveness of the darts one report notes : " If penetrating into the flesh , will cause death if not plucked out within 30 seconds .
" If plucked out within this time , will cause disablement by collapse .
" Collapse occurs within one to five minutes , and death within 30 minutes . "
A hand - written comment written next to this observed : " I doubt whether the darts can be plucked out .
The paper tail would come off . "
To our modern sensibilities it seems shocking and there 's a real sense of viciousness about this weapon
Mark Dunton , Historian
The scientists later pooled their knowledge with Canadian and American research teams .
In one experiment , the Canadians had dressed sheep and goats in two layers of battledress material and positioned them across a wide area , some in trenches , to be exposed to the killer darts .
Scientists predicted that symptoms displayed by the animals would be similar to those affecting humans .
" The pulse becomes very slow and the blood pressure falls .
The subject collapses and lies on its side with twitching muscles .
" Where the dose is lethal , death occurs on 30 minutes , usually preceded by convulsions . "
Confusion Despite some initial success , the project did not always run completely to plan .
When the scientists came to procure the needles needed for their experiments - it seems they caused not a little confusion .
An exchange of letters between Singer Sewing Machine Co. Ltd in Bristol and the Biology section at the experimental station in Porton Down illustrates how the need for secrecy stopped scientists explaining exactly what they needed the needles for .
One letter from Singer , dated December 24 1941 , begins : " In reply to your letter of the 23rd instant , we are afraid we do not quite understand your requirements .
" From your remarks , it would seem that the needles are required for some other purpose , other than sewing machines . "
Historians looking at the files today said they provided a " fantastic insight " into what the Allies were prepared to do to win the war .
Mark Dunton , a contemporary history specialist at the National Archives , said : " I have never heard of poisoned darts being used as a weapon of war in this way before .
" To our modern sensibilities it seems shocking and there 's a real sense of viciousness about this weapon .
" But it shows the Allies were prepared to consider anything - no matter how gruesome - to secure a victory . "
The file shows the darts were never used because they were a " highly uneconomical weapon " and only a small proportion of people would have been killed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ariel D. Anbar is an Associate Professor in the School of Earth & Space Exploration and the Department of Chemistry & Biochemistry at Arizona State University .
His research centers on the evolution of the Earth as a habitable world , using the tools of isotope biogeochemistry to unravel the history of environmental oxygenation and the availability of bioessential elements in the oceans .
He leads the NASA Astrobiology Institute team at ASU .
Barry C. Barish pioneered high energy neutrino physics at Fermilab in experiments that revealed the quark substructure of the nucleon and provided definitive evidence for the weak neutral current .
He built a large underground detector , MACRO , that set stringent limits on monopole abundance and provided key evidence that neutrinos have mass .
At present , he is searching for gravitational waves with LIGO , and on designing at future linear collider .
Roger Bingham is Co-founder and Director of The Science Network .
He is also a member of the Computational Neurobiology Laboratory at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies and the Institute for Neural Computation at UC San Diego .
He is the co-author of The Origin of Minds : Evolution , Uniqueness , and the New Science of the Self , and the creator and host of Emmy Award - winning PBS science programs on evolutionary psychology and cognitive neuroscience , including the critically acclaimed series The Human Quest .
Roger Blandford is Pehong and Adele Chen director of the Kavli Institute for Particle Astrophysics and Cosmology , Professor at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center , and Luke Blosson Professor at Stanford .
His research interests include cosmology , black hole astrophysics , gravitational lensing , galaxies , cosmic rays , neutron stars , and white dwarfs .
Baruch Blumberg is a Distinguished Scientist at Fox Chase Cancer Center , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and University Professor of Medicine and Anthropology at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia .
His research has covered many areas including clinical research , epidemiology , virology , genetics , and anthropology .
He was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1976 for " discoveries concerning new mechanisms for the origin and dissemination of infectious diseases " and , specifically , for the discovery of the Hepatitis B virus .
Jade Bond is a Research Associate at Steward Observatory at the University of Arizona .
Focusing on the chemical composition of extrasolar terrestrial planets , her research is some of the first to consider the planetary effects of the variations in elemental abundances observed in known planetary host stars .
Rob Boyd has taught at Duke and Emory universities and has been at UCLA since 1986 .
His research focuses on population dynamic models of culture and is summarized in two books , co-authored with P.J. Richerson , Culture and the Evolutionary Process , and Not By Genes Alone .
Rob has also co-authored an introductory textbook in biological anthropology , How Humans Evolved , with his wife , Joan Silk .
Philip Christensen is a Regents Professor in the School of Earth and Space Exploration at Arizona State University .
His research focuses on the composition , processes , and geologic evolution of Mars , the EArth , and other planetary surfaces .
A major element of his research is the development of infrared spectrometers and imagers , and he has built science instruments that have flown on five NASA missions to Mars .
Patricia Smith Churchland , UC President 's Professor of Philosophy , UC San Diego , focuses on neuroethics and attempts to understand choice , responsibility and the basis of moral norms in terms of brain function , evolution and brain - culture interactions .
Her books include Brain - Wise , Neurophilosophy : Toward a Unified Science of the Mind - Brain , and On the Contrary , with Paul M. Churchland .
Paul Davies , Director of BEYOND , is a theoretical physicist , cosmologist , astrobiologist and best - selling author .
His research ranges from the origin of the universe to the origin of life , and includes the properties of black holes , the nature of time and quantum field theory .
He is the recipient of numerous awards , including the 1995 Templeton Prize , and the 2002 Michael Faraday Prize from the Royal Society .
Richard Dawkins FRS and first Charles Simonyi Professor of the Public Understanding of Science at the University of Oxford is the author of nine books , including The Selfish Gene , The Extended Phenotype , The Blind Watchmaker , River Out of Eden , Climbing Mount Improbably , Unweaving the Rainbow , The Ancestor 's Tale and The God Delusion .
His next book , The Greatest Show on Earth : The Evidence for Evolution , is to be published in Fall 2009 .
Steve Desch is an astrophysicist in Arizona State University 's School of Earth and Space Exploration .
His research spans a range of topics to do with fo rmation of solar systems and planets , from the Sun 's star formation environment , the structure and evolution of the solar nebula , to the evolution of icy dwarf planets .
He specializes in applying meteoritic data to astrophysical models , for which eh was awarded the 2003 Nier Prize of the Meteoritical Society .
Hugh Downs is one of the most recognized figures in American television .
He co-anchored ABC News 20 / 20 for over twenty years .
He has received a number of awards , including a Guinness Record for the most hours on network television and multiple Emmy Awards .
He has hosted and co-hosted The Tonight Show , The Today Show , Not for Women Only - as well as other television programs and specials - and has appeared in several films , authored nine books , and is a published composer .
Claudia Dreifus is a bestselling author and interviewer as well as a Senior Fellow at the World Policy Institute of the New School for Social Research .
She contributes to the Science Section of The New York Times and is the author of Scientific Conversations : Interviews on Science from The New York Times .
She has reported from locations all around the world , including Nicaragua , Chile , Pakistan and Burma for a variety of newspapers and magazines .
Ann Druyan is CEO and Co-founder of Cosmos Studios .
With her late husband , Carl Sagan , she co-authored several books as well as the award winning television series COSMOS .
She has contributed to The New York Times Sunday Magazine , Reader ’s Digest , Parade , The Saturday Evening Post and other magazines and newspapers .
She also directs the New York Children ’s Health Fund , and is on the Board of Directors for the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws .
Doug Erwin is Senior Scientist and Curator at the Smithsonian Institution 's National Museum of Natural History , and a Professor at the Santa Fe Institute .
A paleobiologist and evolutionary biologist , his current research involves ecological and developmental aspects of evolutionary innovations , particularly during the Cambrian .
His most recent book is Extinction : How Life on Earth Nearly Ended 250 Million Years Ago .
John Fleagle is Distinguished Professor of Anatomical Sciences at Stony Brook University .
He has conducted paleontological research on primate and human evolution in many parts of the world , including Egypt , Ethiopia , Kenya , Argentina , and India .
He is he Editor of Evolutionary Anthropology and author or editor of numerous books including Primate Adaptation and Evolution , The Human Evolution Sourcebook ( with R.L. Ciochon ) and Primate Biogeography ( with S.L. Lehman ) .
Wendy Freedman is the director of Carnegie Observatories .
Her interests include : observational cosmology , galactic evolution , and the evolution of stellar populations .
As a principal investigator involved in the Hubble Space Telescope Key Project , she led an effort to determine the rate at which the universe is expanding .
The results , published in Astrophysics Journal , agree excellently with other results that have found the age of the universe to be 13.7 billion years .
Carlos Frenk is the Ogden Professor of Fundamental Physics and Director of the Institute for Computational Cosmology at Durham University .
He is one of the originators of the " Cold dark matter " theory for the formation of galaxies and other cosmic structures .
He specializes in large supercomputer simulations of the Universe .
He is one of the top ten most cited authors in the world in the scientific literature on Space Sciences and Astronomy .
Jürgen Gadau is an Associate Professor at Arizona State University .
His major research interests include the genetic basis of speciation and adaptation , symbiosis and coevolution , and sociogenetics .
He classifies himself as an evolutionary geneticist / behavioral ecologist , who tries to understand the evolution of novel traits on multiple organizational levels , from genes to societies .
He recently edited On the Organization of Insect Societies — From Genome to Sociocomplexity for Harvard University Press .
Walter Gilbert worked on the mechanism of protein synthesis , isolated lac repressor , expressed proinsulin in bacteria , and argued that genes were created through the process of exon shuffling .
He co-founded Biogen , Myriad Genetics , and Paratek Pharmaceuticals .
Now a venture capitalist , he received a 1980 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for rapid DNA sequencing and the 1991 Institute of American Entrepreneurs " Entrepreneur of the Year " award .
Currently he is a photographic artist .
Sheldon L. Glashow is the Arthur G.B. Metcalf Professor of the Sciences at Boston University .
In 1979 , he shared a Nobel Prize in Physics for his contributions toward the unified theory of weak and electro - magnetic forces .
He is a member of the National Academy of Science , the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , the American Philosophical Society , and a foreign member of the National Academies of Russia , Korea and Costa Rica .
Glashow has published three books and over 300 technical and popular articles .
A.C. Grayling is Professor of Philosophy at Birkbeck College , University of London , and a Supernumerary Fellow of St. Anne ’s college , Oxford .
He has written and edited many books on philosophy and other subjects ; among his most recent are books on applied ethics , skepticism , and an informal dictionary of ideas .
He is the Editor of Online Review London , and Contributing Editor of Prospect magazine .
Brian Greene is one of the world ’s leading theoretical physicists and a brilliant , entertaining communicator of cutting - edge scientific concepts .
Greene is a professor in both Physics and Mathematics at Columbia University .
He is author of The Elegant Universe , The Fabric of the Cosmos , and Icarus at the Edge of Time .
The Washington Post described him as “ the single best explainer of abstruse concepts in the world today . ”
David Gross has been the director of the Institute of Theoretical Physics at the University of California , Santa Barbara , since 1997 .
In 2002 , he was named the Frederick W. Gluck chair in Theoretical Physics , an endowed chair for the director of the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics .
In 2004 , he , Frank Wilczek , and David Politzer were given the Nobel Prize in Physics “ for the discovery of asymptotic freedom in the theory of the strong interaction . ”
Alan Guth is the Victor F. Weisskopf Professor of Physics and a Margaret MacVicar Faculty Fellow at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Trained in particle theory at MIT , Guth held postdoctoral positions at Princeton , Columbia , Cornell , and Stanford Linear Accelerator center before returning to MIT as a faculty member in 1980 .
He is best known for his 1981 paper which explained how a short period of cosmic inflation could answer a number of riddles about the universe .
Jonathan Haidt is an Associate Professor of Psychology at the University of Virginia .
He studies the emotional and intuitive foundations of morality , politics , and religion .
His current work is based on the idea that morality is a team port and that political liberals have more difficulty understanding this than do political conservatives .
He is the author of The Happiness Hypothesis , and is currently writing The Righteous Mind : Why Good People are Divided by Politics and Relgion .
Alex Halliday is an isotope geochemist who has broadened his interests from the Earth ’s interior to the origin and early history of the terrestrial planets and large - scale surface processes such as erosion and ocean circulation .
An underlying theme has been the development and use of new mass spectrometry and associated methods .
He is Head of the Mathematical , Physical and Life Sciences Division of Oxford University .
Lucy Hawking is a journalist and novelist , as well as a regular radio contributor ..
She has written two novels , as well as several children 's books co-authored with her father , theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking .
She is a member of the Royal Society of Arts in London and recently won the Sapio Prize for Popularizing Science .
She is the Vice President of National Star College and an administrative staff member of the Autism Research Center at the University of Cambridge .
Stephen Hawking is Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at Cambridge and is widely considered to be one of the greatest theoretical physicists since Newton and Einstein .
He is the author of many books , and a prolific contributor to all areas of gravitational physics , in particular the origin and evolution of the universe , his popular best - seller is A Brief History of Time .
In 2006 , he was awarded the Copley Medal of the Royal Society of London .
Kim Hill is a Full Professor in the School of Human Evolution and Social Change at Arizona State University .
He studied evolutionary biology and molecular genetics before shifting to anthropology .
His research on the behavioral ecology of hunter - gatherers led to field studies in the Amazon basin stretching more than 30 years .
He has published more than 150 papers on foraging patterns , food sharing , life history evolution , and most recently on the emergence of social learning ( culture ) and exceptional levels of cooperation between non -kin in humans .
Kip Hodges is a geologist and Founding Director of the School of Earth and Space Exploration at Arizona State University .
His field research includes work in the Arctic , western North America , the Peruvian Andes , and the Himalayan–Tibetan system .
He has helped develop new analytical techniques in low - temperature isotope geochronology .
Bert Hölldobler is Foundation Professor of Life Sciences at Arizona State University .
He is a member of the new Center for Social Dynamics and Complexity , and plays a key role in organizing the new social insect research group at the School of Life Sciences .
He is the author of several books .
For his book , The Ants , which he co-authored with E.O. Wilson , he received the Pulitzer Prize .
Donald C. Johanson is the Founding Director of the Institute of Human Origins at Arizona State University .
For the past 30 years he has conducted field and laboratory research in paleoanthropology .
Most notably , he discovered the 3.18 million year old hominid skeleton popularly known as " Lucy " .
He has written , among other books , the widely read Lucy : The Beginnings of Humankind ( with Maitland Edey ) , and numerous scientific and popular articles .
William Kimbel is Director in the Institute of Human Origins at Arizona State University .
He conducts field , laboratory and theoretical research in paleoanthropology , with a primary focus on Plio - Pleistocene hominid evolution in Africa .
He has undertaken field and / or laboratory research in Ethiopia ( Hadar ) and Tanzania ( Olduvai Gorge ) , as well as in Kenya , South Africa and Tunisia .
He also has collaborated with Israeli colleagues in excavations in the Middle Paleolithic Neanderthal - bearing cave of Amud .
Lawrence M. Krauss is Foundation Professor in the School of Earth and Space Exploration and Physics Departments and Beyond Center , and Director of the Origins Initiative at Arizona State University .
An international leader in cosmology and astrophysics , he is the author of over 250 scientific papers and seven books , including The Physics of Star Trek , and has been awarded the highest awards of the American Physical Society , the American Association of Physics Teachers , and the American Institute of Physics .
Robert Kurzban is an Associate Professor at the University of Pennsylvania in the Department of Psychology .
In 2003 , he founded the Penn Laboratory for experimental evolutionary Psychology .
Research in the lab is focused primarily , but not exclusively , on the array of specialized cognitive mechanisms designed to navigate a complex social world .
In 2008 , he won the inaugural Distinguished Scientific Award for Early Career Contribution from the Human Behavior and Evolution Society .
Manfred D. Laubichler is Professor of Theoretical Biology and History of Biology in the School of Life Sciences and the Centers for Biology and Society and Social Dynamics and Complexity at Arizona State University .
He is associate editor of the Journal of Experimental Zoology : Molecular and Developmental Evolution and of Biological Theory .
He is co-editor among others of From Embryology to Evo Devo , Modeling Biology , and Form and Function in Developmental Evolution .
Antonio Lazcano , a professor at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México ( UNAM ) in Mexico City , has studied the origin and early evolution of life for over 30 years .
He has published over 135 papers in international journals and books on prebiotic hemistry and early biological evolution .
An academic deeply committed to public education , he has also devoted considerable efforts to scientific journalism and teaching .
Margaret Levi is Jere L. Bacharach Professor of International Studies , Department of Political Science , University of Washington , and Professor of Politics , US Studies Centre , University of Sydney .
She is past President of the American Political Science Association and the General Editor of both the Annual Review of Political Science and Cambridge University Press ’s book series Studies in Comparative Politics .
She is the author or editor of numerous books .
Andrei Linde is a Professor of Physics at Stanford University .
He is one of the authors of inflationary cosmology , of the theory of eternal inflation , and of the inflationary multiverse scenario .
The theory of an inflationary multiverse resolved many problems of the previous versions of the big bang cosmology and provided a scientific foundation to the cosmological anthropic principle and the string landscape scenario .
Michael Macyis Goldwin Smith Professor of Sociology and Director of the Social Dynamics Laboratory at Cornell .
With support from the National Science Foundation , his research team uses agent - based computational models , on - line laboratory experiments , and the digital traces of on - line social interaction to study the emergence and diffusion of social norms in dynamic networks .
He is currently developing tools to explore the 40 - billion - page Internet Archive .
Curtis W. Marean is a Professor of Anthropology at Arizona State University and Associate Director of the Institute of Human Origins .
His research interests include the origins of modern humans , the prehistory of Africa , and the study of animal bones from archaeological sites .
He has conducted research in Ethiopia , Kenya , Tanzania , and Somalia , and since 1991 has been conducting field research on the Middle Stone Age in South Africa .
John C. Mather is a Senior Astrophysicist in the Observational Cosmology Laboratory at NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center .
He came to Goddard to be the Principal Investigator for the Far IR Absolute Spectrophotometer ( FIRAS ) on the Cosmic Background Explorer ( COBE ) .
His research centers on infrared astronomy and cosmology .
He is a recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics ( 2006 ) with George Smoot , for the COBE work .
Stephen Mojzsis is Associate Professor of Geology at the University of Colorado in Boulder .
He received his Ph.D. at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography , and performed postdoctoral studies at the W.M. Keck Center for Isotope Geochemistry before joining the Colorado faculty in 2001 .
His current research explores the timing and nature of life ’s emergence and the chemical composition of carbonaceous matter .
Ben Moore is Director of the Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of Zurich .
His research interests include large - scale structure of the universe , galaxy formation , the nature of dark matter , and the origin and stability of the Earth and Solar System .
He established the Astrophysics research activity in Zurich in 2002 , during which he designed and built the " zbox " , the fastest supercomputer in Switzerland .
Randolph M. Nesse is Professor of Psychiatry and Professor of Psychology at the University of Michigan , where he directs the Evolution and Human Adaptation Program .
He collaborated with George Williams to write several seminal works on Darwinian medicine .
His current research foci are on how selection shapes mechanisms that regulate defenses such as pain , anxiety and low mood , and the evolutionary origins of human sociality and the moral passions .
Jim Peebles is the Albert Einstein Professor of Science Emeritus at Princeton University .
Peebles made many important contributions to the big bang model .
In 1987 , he proposed the primordial isocurvature baryon model for the development of the early universe .
With Robert Dicke and others , he predicted the cosmic microwave background radiation .
He has authored numerous scientific articles and holds memberships with various science associations .
Asteroid 18242 bears his name .
Kevin J. Peterson is an Associate Professor of Biology at Dartmouth College , Hanover NH .
He is a 1989 graduate of Carroll College ( Maxima cum Laude , Helena MT ) , and a 1996 graduate of the University of California , Los Angeles ( Ph.D. , Paleobiology ) .
Prof. Peterson uses a molecular paleobiological approach to address the origin and early evolution of animals , specifically the Cambrian explosion .
Steven Pinker is Harvard College Professor and Johnstone Family Professor in the Department of Psychology at Harvard University .
He conducts research on language and cognition , writes for publications such as the New York Times , Time , and The New Republic , and is the author of seven books , including The Language of Instinct , How the Mind Works , Words and Rules , The Blank Slate , and most recently , The Stuff of Thought : Language as a Window into Human Nature .
George Poste was appointed as Chief Scientist of the Complex Adaptive Systems Initiative at Arizona State University in February 2009 .
He is a Fellow of the Royal Society , the Royal College of Pathologists and the UK Academy of Medicine , Stanford University , a member of the Council for Foreign Relations , the Defense Science Board of the US Department of Defense and the Institute of Medicine Board on Global Health .
David Quellar has a B.A. in history and philosophy of science from the University of Illinois , and a PhD in biological sciences from the University of Michigan .
He has been at Rice University since 1984 .
He has worked on sexual selection in plants , kin selection in social insects , and is now focusing on using social amoebae as a model system where the genes underlying cooperation and conflict can be identified .
Adam G. Riess is a Professor of Physics and Astronomy at the Johns Hopkins University and a member of the Senior Science Staff at Space Telescope Science Institute .
He confirmed the supernova - based discovery of dark energy by detecting the preceding , decelerating epoch of the Universe .
His work has been identified by NASA as the number one Achievement of the Hubble Space Telescope ’s Top Ten Achievements to date .
Alan Rogers is a Professor of Anthropology at University of Utah .
His main research interests are in evolutionary genetics and evolutionary ecology .
His latest research article “ Genetic similarities within and between populations , ” was published in Genetics .
In 2005 , he received funding from the National Science Foundation to study the evolutionary ecology of the Tchimba of northern Namibia , and served as Principal Investigator for the project .
Sue Rosser is Dean of Ivan Allen College , the liberal arts college at Georgia Institute of Technology .
She is also Professor of Public Policy and of History , Technology , and Society .
She has written approximately 130 journal articles on the theoretical and applied problems of women and science and women ’s health .
The most recent of the eleven books she has authored or edited is Women , Science , and Myth .
John Ruhl investigates the properties and history of the universe by building instruments to measure the cosmic microwave background ( CMB ) radiation .
Using the “ Boomerang ” instrument flown around Antarctica underneath a stratospheric balloon , he and collaborators were the first to show that the geometry of the universe was very close to flat .
Currently he is working on two projects to investigate the inflationary epoch of the universe through its signatures in the CMB .
Jerrold Seigel is the William R. Kenan , Jr. , Professor of History Emeritus at New York University , where he taught from 1988 to 2006 .
His first field of historical specialization was the Italian Renaissance , but has since concentrated on more recent topics .
His latest book is The Idea of the Self : Thought and Experience in Western Europe Since the Seventeenth Century .
Terrence Sejnowski is an HHMI investigator , the Francis Crick Professor and Director of the Crick - Jacobs Center for Theoretical and Computational Biology at the Salk Institute .
Je is author of several books including The Computational Brain and Liars , Lovers , and Heroes : What the New Brain Science Reveals About How We Become Who We Are .
Robert Seyfarth is Professor of Psychology at the University of Pennsylvania .
He carried out post - doctoral research with Peter Marler at The Rockefeller University , where he and his wife Dorothy Cheney began their 11 - year study of vervet monkeys in Amboseli , Kenya .
This work is summarized in How Monkeys See the World .
Between 1992 and 2008 they studied baboons in the Okavango Delta of Botswana , which resulted in Baboon Metaphysics .
Everett Shock is a Professor of School of Earth and Space Exploration at Arizona State University .
His research group divides their time between building algorithms to estimate thermodynamic data ; analyzing water , sediment , rock and biological samples ; integrating analytical and thermodynamic data in models of geochemical and microbial processes ; and testing ideas about the transport of water and solutes through the environment , the biogeochemical process of subsurface biosphere , and the potential for life on other planets .
Joseph Silk is Savilian Professor of Astronomy at the University of Oxford , and directs the Beecroft Institute for Particle Astrophysics and Cosmology .
Most of his scientific research is related to the cosmic microwave background and cosmology .
He has published more than 600 articles and several popular books .
He is a fellow of the Institute of Physics , the American Association for the Advancement of Science , the American Physical Society , the Royal Society and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , and was awarded the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society .
Maria Spiropulu is an experimental particle physicist currently working at the Organisation Européenne pour la Recherche Nucléaire ( CERN ) and its Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) Compact Muon Solenoid experiment .
Her research is targeting the discovery and study of physical phenomena that extend our current understanding of the composition and characterization of the universe .
She was recently elected a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science .
David Stevenson is the George Van Osdol Professor of Planetary Science at the California Institute of Technology and devotes most of his research to understanding the origin , evolution and structure of planets , including planet earth , planets outside our solar system , and large satellites such as Titan .
His work is stimulated by spacecraft observations and guided by the applications of physics and chemistry to the properties of materials in these bodies .
Joan E. Strassmann has been at Rice University in Houston , Texas since 1980 .
She is interested in how cooperation evolves , how conflicts are resolved , and in the genetic underpinnings of altruism .
She spent many years studying social wasps , but for the last decade has concentrated on social amoebae as a genetic and genomic system for elucidating the mechanisms underlying social evolution .
She is married to David Queller and they have three children .
Ian Tattersall is currently the Curator of the Division of Anthropology at the American Museum of Natural History .
He is also an Adjunct Professor for the anthropology programs at Columbia University and the Graduate School of CUNY .
His primary research interests include human and nonhuman primate evolution , origin of Homo sapiens , integration of evolutionary and systematic theory with the human fossil record .
Since 1968 , he has published over 320 scientific publications including 16 books .
Michael S. Turner is a theoretical astrophysicist and the Bruce V. and Diana M. Rauner Distinguished Service Professor at the University of Chicago .
Turner helped to pioneer the interdisciplinary field of particle astrophysics and cosmology , and led the National Academy study Quarks to the cosmos that laid out the strategic vision for the field , including NASA and DOE ’s Joint Dark Energy Mission ( JDEM ) which is now in its final planning stages .
Neil deGrasse Tyson is an astrophysicist and Director of the Hayden Planetarium in New York City .
He has received honorary doctorates from nine universities , as well as a Medal of Excellence from Columbia University and the NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal .
He is a celebrated science popularizer and Host of the PBS program NOVA scienceNOW .
He writes monthly essays for Natural History magazine and has published nine books , most recently The Pluto Files .
Sander van der Leeuw is an archaeologist and historian .
He studies long - term dynamics of socio- environmental systems , reconstruction of ancient technologies , regional man-land relationships , invention and innovation , urban dynamics , geographic information systems , modeling and complex systems theory .
His publications include 17 books and over a hundred papers and articles on archaeology , ancient technologies , socio - environmental and sustainability issues .
He is Director of the School of Human Evolution and Social Change at Arizona State University .
J. Craig Venter is Founder and President of the J. Craig Venter Institute ( JCVI ) , and founder and CEO of Synthetic Genomics Inc . In 1998 , Dr. Venter founded Celera Genomics to sequence the human genome .
This research culminated with the publication of the human genome in the journal Science .
Dr. Venter is the author of more than 200 scientific articles and the recipient of numerous honorary degrees , public honors , and scientific awards .
Alex Vilenkin is best known for his work on cosmic strings , eternal cosmic inflation , and on creation of the universe from nothing .
He is also the author of the popular book , Many Worlds in One : The Search for Other Universes .
He is currently the L. and J. Bernstein Professor in Evolutionary Science and Director of the Tufts Institute of Cosmology at Tufts University .
Peter Ward is a Professor of Biology , Earth and Space Sciences , and Adjunct Professor of Astronomy at the University of Washington .
He is a Principal Investigator at the NASA Astrobiology Institute .
Ward has published 15 books , most recently Under a Newly Green Sky : The Global Warming Mass Extinctions .
Ward has also been seen on a variety of television news programs , such as ABC News with Judy Muller , the O’Reilly Factor , CNN , MSNBC , and Art Bell ’s Coast to Coast radio program .
Steven Weinberg teaches in the Physics and Astronomy Departments of the University of Texas .
His honors include the Nobel Prize in Physics and National Medal of Science , election to the National Academy of Sciences and Royal Society , and sixteen honorary degrees .
He has written over 300 articles and 12 books , the latest a graduate - level treatise Cosmology .
Educated at Cornell , Copenhagen , and Princeton , he then taught at Columbia , MIT , and Harvard .
Polly Wiessner is a Professor of Anthropology at the University of Utah .
She has conducted research among the Kung ( Ju / ’hoansi ) Bushmen of the Kalahari Desert over the past 35 years on subsistence , reciprocity , social security systems to reduce risk , and style and social information in material culture .
She has published numerous books and articles including Food and the Status Quest ( with W. Schiefenhoevel ) , and Historical Vines : Enga Networks of Exchange .
Frank Wilczek has received many prizes for his work in physics , including the Nobel Prize of 2004 for work he did as a graduate student at Princeton University , when he was only 21 years old .
He is known , among other things , for the discovery of asymptotic freedom , the development of quantum chromodynamics , the invention of axions , and the exploration of new kinds of quantum statistics ( anyons ) .
Rogier Windhorst ’s research lies in astronomy , cosmology , galaxy formation and evolution , the cosmic dark ages and the epoch of First Light , and astronomical instrumentation .
He is one of the six Interdisciplinary Scientists for NASA ’s 6.5 meter James Webb Space Telescope to be launched in 2013 .
His group at Arizona State University plans to use JWST to map the epoch of First Light in detail .
I hear that preparations are not quite ready in Sochi for the Winter Olympics ( they start tomorrow ! ) .
At least they got their safety graphics cleared up in time .
Thanks to both Pranab D. and Jackie who sent this to me !
In my 30 years of life , 2008 was an unparalleled year of events : winter storms , rebellion , earthquake , Olympics , poisoned milk scandal , every one influencing and moving China deeply .
So many lives , homes , tears , so much anger in one year .
This year changed my life too : I spent a month in America and experienced this new but familiar nation with my own eyes and ears .
After much travelling and conversation , it confirmed my opinion that human nature has universal connections ; so - called freedom and democracy can't be divided by west and east but are values shared by all .
At the same time , I now feel America represents a model of future development of mankind and human integration .
All men are created equal , human beings are born free .
These are the human rights given by God and represent a universal truth applicable to any country , any nation or any individual .
Those who openly declared that " democracy is not suitable for China " angered me .
I would like to ask these people , if democracy is not suitable for China , which mode is suitable to China ?
Despotism ?
Do n't tell me about the " Beijing model " or " new authoritarianism " .
The facts prove that if a democratic system is not established corruption can not be controlled .
Without new blood , all good systems can not last .
The reality of our state system often makes people feel angry and hopeless .
However , what should we do about it ?
Is the ancient civilisation of 5,000 years , the great and proud China , going to sink ?
We 've still got strength and we can do something about it .
That 's not just fighting talk but plain understanding : the trend of the times can't be stopped .
Today , 30 years after China started to reform and open up , it is back at the starting line .
Thirty years ago , people said goodbye to infighting ; now , people have split again and are in dire need of unity .
It is impossible to agglomerate people 's hearts by the Communist party 's axioms such as the Three Represents , Eight Honours and Disgraces or the concept of scientific development .
They represent not consensus , but simply utilitarian slogans .
Continuing on the path of reform and opening up holds no consensus either .
When the harvest of reform and opening up was not distributed fairly , but produced bigger gaps between rich and poor , people only felt anger .
In my view , in the next 30 years , democracy is the only consensus ; only both economic and political democracy can ensure equal opportunities for all .
Today 's China has no democracy in politics or in the economy .
Small and medium - sized companies have difficulty getting loans , and can't enjoy the same opportunities as state - owned enterprises .
Under democracy everyone competes equally .
Even the ruling party can't drift outside the rules .
Though some are " regressive " from time to time , they dare not say openly " I am the law " .
In an era of globalisation , the paces of cultural and political exchanges accelerate .
The market economy has become the rule .
Even the former communist countries have to acknowledge and accept it .
In the political field , there is also a general rule , that democracy is the universal value , it can not be denied or avoided .
The temporary maintenance of Chinese politics depends on the protections of the state machinery .
It holds on to the principle of " a lie repeated a hundred times is the truth " , it still continues on the old routines .
But the internet is becoming more developed , information is flowing more freely .
People 's hearts are increasingly difficult to fool .
The growth of an informed , rational people is the hope for democracy in China .
They will cherish and defend their legal rights and will no longer sacrifice their personal interests for so - called " national interest " .
They will change the relationship with government – and play the role of true masters to supervise whether their servants have fulfilled their duties .
Don Bowman ( right ) , chief technology officer for Sandvine , says the effects of congestion might adversely affect sound and video more than other applications .
(( Emily Chung / CBC ) )
Internet congestion is inevitable and net neutrality does not exist , Canada 's internet regulator was told Monday at hearings on how internet providers control and manage internet traffic and speed .
Scope of the hearing
The CRTC is trying to develop guidelines for internet service providers on acceptable ways of managing internet traffic and congestion , taking into account both the freedom individuals to use the internet as they wish and the interests of ISPs to manage their networks .
The commission is focusing mainly on the questions :
What internet traffic management practices are acceptable and should any be considered as completely unacceptable ?
Should ISPs disclose their practices and , if so , in what form ?
Does the use of internet technologies for the purpose of internet traffic management raise privacy concerns ?
Is the application of certain internet traffic management practices to wholesale services appropriate ?
Is there a need for the commission to specify what practices are acceptable in relation to wireless service providers ?
What analytical framework should the CRTC adopt in relation to internet traffic management practices and section 36 of the Telecommunications Act ?
It will avoid dealing with its November decision to allow Bell to continue to continue throttling the customers of smaller ISPs that buy network access from it , as the decision is under appeal .
Congestion is a natural occurrence on the internet , partly due to unexpected events such as Michael Jackson 's death , said Don Bowman , chief technology officer for the network technology company Sandvine Inc. , on the first day of hearings before the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission in Gatineau , Que .
" In times of congestion , an unmanaged network is not a neutral network , " he said .
" Inequalities in application design and user behaviour mean that an unmanaged network inherently favours certain applications and their users . "
The CRTC is trying to determine what traffic management practices are " acceptable " under the Telecommunications
Act in order to create a set of guidelines for internet service providers .
CBCNews.ca will be attending and covering the hearings as they continue through July 13 .
Sandvine sells technologies used for internet traffic management .
On Monday , Bowman made the argument that congestion disproportionately hurts time - sensitive applications like online gaming and VoIP ( voice - over - internet protocol , or voice service carried over the internet instead of by regular phone companies ) , which is an even bigger issue where emergency calls are involved .
These need to be prioritized , he said , but in order to do that they need to be identified using technologies such as deep packet inspection .
In addition , he said , congestion affects some applications more than others because it tends to result in " packet loss , " which makes sound or video choppy , but may not be noticeable for other applications such as email .
Scott Stevens , vice - president of technology for Juniper Networks , a company that also offers internet traffic management technology , said part of the problem is technologies such as streaming video are very different from applications the internet was originally designed for .
" They do n't talk and be quiet .
They hum constantly , " he said , in contrast to older applications such as email that exchange data only intermittently .
That means new network tools are needed to manage traffic , and companies need the flexibility to be able to develop those tools , he said .
" We feel it 's very important that innovation is able to occur at the network level . "
Bowman urged the CRTC not to impose internet traffic management guidelines .
" Things evolve over time , " he said .
" Your guidelines may become outdated . "
Commission chair Konrad von Finckenstein said he appreciated that might happen if the guidelines were too specific , but it was still necessary to clarify what values should be maintained by traffic management technologies .
Customer control
Scott Stevens , vice - president of technology for Juniper Networks , says the internet was not originally designed for applications such as streaming video .
Stevens received some attention from the panel when he suggested that some internet traffic management could be carried out by customers themselves rather than the ISPs .
For example , they could decide whether VoIP applications should have priority over file downloads within their own network use .
" I like that ability to make that decision of what 's important to me , " Stevens said .
Candice Molnar , regional commissioner for Manitoba and Saskatchewan , said that would be consistent with the Telecommunications Act .
" Clearly , then , there 's little potential to be discriminatory , if every consumer is getting what they desire , " she said .
" But that 's not available in Canada ? "
Stevens responded that it 's available but not being deployed .
In addition , he said , it does n't deal with network - wide congestion , which requires other solutions , especially since network use is n't always predictable .
' There will be abuse ' : consumer groups
However , not everyone agrees that technology that distinguishes between different applications , such as deep packet inspection ( DPI ) , is a necessary or desirable way to manage congestion .
John Lawford , counsel for the Public Interest Advocacy Centre , which is representing three Canadian consumers groups , told the CRTC Monday that DPI could invade privacy by revealing things such as the type of application , how long it was used and the types of search strings entered by the user .
It could also be misused for marketing or unfair pricing .
" There will be abuse , " he said .
Lawford advocated setting strict guidelines for when DPI can be used .
He agreed that distributing emergency information and controlling spam and malware were legitimate uses .
Other potential applications should be similarly judged based on their necessity and likelihood to interfere with customers ' rights to use the internet as they choose .
He added that there are many other ways to reduce congestion , such as usage - based billing and said users would likely shift their usage if ISPs were clear about when congestion was occurring .
He also suggested that the CRTC should ensure ISPs are n't using internet traffic management technologies to avoid expanding their network infrastructure .
Timothy Denton , national commissioner for the CRTC , said he did n't want to be involved in judging ISPs ' investment decisions and did not want to downplay the serious problem of congestion .
Lawford reiterated that other methods could be used to deal with congestion and suggested all he wanted was some " shred of evidence " that Bell had a plan " not to rely on throttling for the rest of time . "
Following the hearing , some members of the audience remained unconvinced that Bowman and Stevens had made a good argument for their internet traffic management technologies .
" I do n't see that you have to design a network to deal with the problems that may arise when Michael Jackson dies or it's Mother 's Day , " said Christian Tacit , the lawyer representing the Canadian Association of Internet Providers , the group whose complaint sparked the CRTC probe .
" That sort of episodic kind of congestion is different from planning your network properly to deal with normal day to day and week to week peak traffic . "
Meanwhile , Bowman questioned Lawford 's claim that , according to statistics provided by Telus , peer - to - peer file transfers make up only three per cent of internet traffic and therefore throttling is n't necessary .
" I do n't believe that number is anywhere close to reality , " he said .
Valencia held its main 2009 Corpus Christi celebrations on Sunday , June 14th .
If you like parades , followed by more parades , you ’d have found paradise in the city today .
The first one got started at noon .
Called the Cabalgata del Convite this was an extremely lively procession for a Sunday morning .
There were various groups of characters performing dances ; from 8 little shepherd boys , to a maypole dance , to the “ momos ” — a group of 7 demons representing the deadly sins who dance around a white , hooded figured .
This lady in white is known as La Moma , and is probably the most emblematic character of Corpus Christi .
She represents virtue .
But the fun really kicked into high gear as the parade ’s final section arrived at Calle Cabillers and Avellanas .
A club - wielding group of King Herod ’s henchman threatened the crowd , reenacting everyone ’s favorite biblical event — la degolla , or the slaughter of the innocents .
The crowd , though , would have its revenge .
From every balcony , buckets of water rained down upon the henchmen ( and anyone standing too close ) .
It was insane fun , and if you happened to be on the street , there was no way to avoid getting a little wet .
The henchmen loved it and howled for more … and we just tried to protect our camera !
Good thing it was a hot , sunny day .
We ’ll be posting shortly on the day ’s other processions .
A man running down the street screaming he was the “ son of God ” attacked two young children and two men with a 2 - by - 4 Tuesday morning , Manchester police said .
Manchester police received a call just after 7 a.m. for a report of an assault around 55 Holl St .
The man , later identified as Ruben Vasquez Jr. , 24 , of Manchester , was carrying a piece of wood that witnesses described as a 2 - by - 4 and assaulted and bruised a 1 - year - old girl , a 3 - year - old boy and two men who were on the street , police said .
Tabatha Post , the mother of the two children , said Vasquez approached her husband and asked , " Do you know who I am ? "
“ And my husband was like , ‘ Yeah , I know you . ’
No , he said , ‘ I 'm the Son of God ’ and he said it again , ‘ I 'm the Son of God and I have to do this , ’ " Post recalls .
Then he started hitting the children with a stick , she said .
Her husband was able to shield the baby and tell the boy to run so the kids were n't hit with full force .
After allegedly leaving them bruised and battered , Vasquez went up Holl Street , where Rodney Mansfield was working on his car , trying to get it started .
" I heard the lady across the street say , ' Rodney watch out ! , ' " he said , " And as soon as I turn my head is when he ran up to me and whacked me with a stick , " Mansfield said .
Mansfield blocked the blow with his arm and Vasquez walked up the street to the corner .
Cops chased Vasquez to East Center and Holl streets , where Vasquez proceeded to hit an officer with the same piece of wood , police said .
The children , men and police officer were bruised during the attack , treated at Manchester Memorial Hospital and released , police said .
People at Vasquez 's home Wednesday afternoon said they were not there Tuesday morning .
" He 's a good guy , " Neil Williams said .
" He 's snapped before and he 's snapped again . "
Vasquez was charged with risk of injury to a minor , second - degree assault , assault on a police officer , criminal trespass , third - degree criminal mischief , interfering with police , disorderly conduct and first - degree criminal attempt / assault .
He was held on $ 100,000 bond and presented in court Wednesday .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
There ’s been a lot of Ronald Reagan worshipping going on in Washington this week–among Democrats .
On Tuesday , President Barack Obama signed a bill that will create a commission to plan events to celebrate what would have been Ronald Reagan ’s 100th birthday in 2011 .
Launching the commission , Obama said ,
President Reagan helped as much as any president to restore a sense of optimism in our country — a spirit that transcended politics , that transcended even the most heated arguments of the day .
It was this optimism that the American people sorely needed during a difficult period — a period of economic and global challenges that tested us in unprecedented ways .
On Wednesday morning , when a statue of Reagan was unveiled in the Capitol Rotunda , Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid declared ,
That optimism , charm and good humor is such a central part of what President Reagan brought to our country .
But behind that grin lay a resolve that kept Americans safe and kept America strong ….
[ A]t the height of the Cold War , President Reagan ’s characteristic confidence warmed and reassured America .
At that ceremony , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi lavished more praise on Nancy Reagan than on her husband .
But she did hail Ronald Reagan ’s “ civility ” and his “ commitment to national security and his success ” in that field .
Okay , it ’s one thing to make nice with a dead president whose wife has been a valuable political ally in the stem cell fight .
But do Democratic leaders have to contribute to the myth that Reagan helped save America in the gloomy days of the 1980s ?
Reagan preached a hardline approach to the world that coddled anti-communist dictators and left nuns and dissenters dead in such countries as El Salvador , Argentina , and Guatemala .
He presided over the de-industrialization of America .
( Steel industry ?
Who needs a steel industry ? )
His administration purposefully aimed to bankrupt the federal government specifically to create pressure for cutting social programs .
He wasted billions on missile defense .
He busted a union .
He did nothing when the AIDS epidemic struck .
His administration was marked by numerous scandals and ethics controversies .
More than 200 US Marines were killed in the 1983 Beirut barracks bombing after his ill - advised deployment of troops to Lebanon , and the Reagan administration never caught the evildoers .
There was not much that was warming , reassuring , or optimistic about the defining policies of the Reagan years .
My old college pal Will Bunch recently made the case against Reagan in his book Tear Down This Myth .
But years earlier , I did the same in an abbreviated form and composed a list of “ 66 things to think about when flying into Reagan National Airport ” .
Not everyone under a certain age will get all the references , but the gist is clear :
The firing of the air traffic controllers , winnable nuclear war , recallable nuclear missiles , trees that cause pollution , Elliott Abrams lying to Congress , ketchup as a vegetable , colluding with Guatemalan thugs , pardons for F.B.I. lawbreakers , voodoo economics , budget deficits , toasts to Ferdinand Marcos , public housing cutbacks , redbaiting the nuclear freeze movement , James Watt .
Getting cozy with Argentine fascist generals , tax credits for segregated schools , disinformation campaigns , “ homeless by choice , ” Manuel Noriega , falling wages , the HUD scandal , air raids on Libya , “ constructive engagement ” with apartheid South Africa , United States Information Agency blacklists of liberal speakers , attacks on OSHA and workplace safety , the invasion of Grenada , assassination manuals , Nancy ’s astrologer .
Drug tests , lie detector tests , Fawn Hall , female appointees ( 8 percent ) , mining harbors , the S&L scandal , 239 dead U.S. troops in Beirut , Al Haig “ in control , ” silence on AIDS , food - stamp reductions , Debategate , White House shredding , Jonas Savimbi , tax cuts for the rich , “ mistakes were made . ”
Michael Deaver ’s conviction for influence peddling , Lyn Nofziger ’s conviction for influence peddling , Caspar Weinberger ’s five - count indictment , Ed Meese ( “ You do n’t have many suspects who are innocent of a crime ” ) , Donald Regan ( women do n’t “ understand throw - weights ” ) , education cuts , massacres in El Salvador .
“ The bombing begins in five minutes , ” $ 640 Pentagon toilet seats , African - American judicial appointees ( 1.9 percent ) , Reader ’s Digest , C.I.A. - sponsored car - bombing in Lebanon ( more than eighty civilians killed ) , 200 officials accused of wrongdoing , William Casey , Iran / contra .
“ Facts are stupid things , ” three - by - five cards , the MX missile , Bitburg , S.D.I. , Robert Bork , naps , Teflon .
Obama and Reid surely know all this .
But singing the praises of past presidents deemed popular is a political obligation .
Still , Dems do go overboard on Reagan .
( You do n’t see Republicans hailing the prescience of Jimmy Carter , who called for taking tough steps to reduce the country ’s dependence on oil . )
Reagan did possess a sunny disposition .
But many of his policies and actions were dark and destructive .
Politics is politics ; so give him a statue and a commemoration .
But do n’t give him history .
You can follow David Corn ’s postings and media appearances via Twitter by clicking here .
This week is lacking on confirmed content , but there is a nice amount of content being rumored to make up for it .
The original PSOne Classic Metal Gear Solid sneaks onto this week ’s update , and it is rumored that Solid Snake will be bringing another PSOne classic along with him .
The update will be extra heavy if Fat Princess shows up .
Look for your normal round up of DLC , and the possibility of a couple demos .
Metal Gear Solid ( PSOne Classic )
Rock Band DLC
Evanescence – Bring Me to Life
Evanescence – Call Me When You ’re Sober
Evanescence – Weight of the World
Spinal Tap – Back from the Dead
Spinal Tap – Rock ‘ n ’ Roll Nightmare
Spinal Tap – Saucy Jack
Spinal Tap – Warmer Than Hell
Guitar Hero World Tour DLC – Ben Harper Pack
That ’s it for confirmed content the rest is strictly rumored …
NCAA Football 2010 Demo
Ice Age 3 : Dawn of the Dinosaurs Demo
Fat Princess
Final Fantasy Tactics
Cuboid DLC
Dynasty Warriors : Gundam DLC
HAWX DLC
LittleBigPlanet DLC – Summer Sackboy Costume ( Thanks Lucreto ! )
Hypervisors do for operating systems what operating systems roughly do for processes .
They provide isolated virtual hardware platforms for execution that in turn provide the illusion of full access to the underlying machine .
But not all hypervisors are the same , which is a good thing , because Linux is about flexibility and choice .
This article begins with a quick introduction to virtualization and hypervisors , then explores a couple of Linux - based hypervisors .
Virtualization and hypervisors
Let ’s first spend a little time understanding why virtualization is important and the role that hypervisors play .
( And for more information on both topics , see the resources section . )
Virtualization , in the context of this article , is the process of hiding the underlying physical hardware in a way that makes it transparently usable and shareable by multiple operating systems .
This architecture is more popularly known as platform virtualization .
In a typical layered architecture , the layer that provides for the platform virtualization is called the hypervisor ( sometimes called the virtual machine monitor , or VMM ) .
Each instance of a guest operating system is called a virtual machine ( VM ) , because to these VMs , the hardware is virtualized to appear as dedicated to them .
A simple illustration of this layered architecture is shown in Figure 1 .
Figure 1 . Simple layered architecture showing the virtualization of common hardware
The benefits of platform virtualization are many .
But one interesting statistic reported by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) stood out .
The EPA study on server and data center energy efficiency found that only around 5 % of server capacity was actually used .
The rest of the time , the server was dormant .
Virtualizing platforms on a single server can improve server utilization , but the benefits of reducing server count are a force multiplier .
With reduced servers comes reduced real estate , power consumption , cooling ( less energy costs ) , and management costs .
Less hardware also means improved reliability .
All in all , platform virtualization brings not only technical advantages but cost and energy advantages , as well .
As you see in Figure 1 , the hypervisor is the layer of software that provides the virtualization of the underlying machine ( in some cases , with processor support ) .
Not all virtualization solutions are equal , and you can learn more about the various styles of virtualization in resources section .
Continuing with the processes theme , operating systems virtualize access to the underlying resources of the machine to processes .
Hypervisors do the same thing , but instead of processes , they accomplish this task for entire guest operating systems .
Hypervisor classifications
Hypervisors can be classified into two distinct types .
The first , type 1 hypervisors , are those that natively run on the bare - metal hardware .
The second , type 2 , are hypervisors that execute in the context of another operating system ( that runs on the bare metal ) .
Examples of type 1 hypervisors include Kernel - based Virtual Machine ( KVM — itself an operating system - based hypervisor ) .
Examples of type 2 hypervisors include QEMU and WINE .
Elements of a hypervisor
So a hypervisor ( regardless of the type ) is just a layered application that abstracts the machine hardware from its guests .
In this way , each guest sees a VM instead of the real hardware .
Let ’s now look generically at the internals of a hypervisor and also its presentation to the VMs ( guest operating systems ) .
At a high level , the hypervisor requires a small number of items to boot a guest operating system : a kernel image to boot , a configuration ( such as IP addresses and quantity of memory to use ) , a disk , and a network device .
The disk and network device commonly map into the machine ’s physical disk and network device ( as shown in Figure 2 ) .
Finally , a set of guest tools is necessary to launch a guest and subsequently manage it .
Figure 2 . Minimal mapping of resources in a hypothetical hypervisor
A simplified hypervisor architecture then implements the glue that allows a guest operating system to be run concurrently with the host operating system .
This functionality requires a few specific elements , shown in Figure 3 .
First , similar to system calls that bridge user - space applications with kernel functions , a hypercall layer is commonly available that allows guests to make requests of the host operating system .
Input / output ( I/O ) can be virtualized in the kernel or assisted by code in the guest operating system .
Interrupts must be handled uniquely by the hypervisor to deal with real interrupts or to route interrupts for virtual devices to the guest operating system .
The hypervisor must also handle traps or exceptions that occur within a guest .
( After all , a fault in a guest should halt the guest but not the hypervisor or other guests . )
A core element of the hypervisor is a page mapper , which points the hardware to the pages for the particular operating system ( guest or hypervisor ) .
Finally , a high - level scheduler is necessary to transfer control between the hypervisor and guest operating systems ( and back ) .
Figure 3 . Simplified view of a Linux - based hypervisor
Linux hypervisors
This article explores two Linux - based hypervisor solutions .
The first — KVM — was the first hypervisor module to be integrated into the Linux kernel , implementing full virtualization , and the second — Lguest — is an experimental hypervisor that provides paravirtualization in a surprisingly small number of changes .
KVM
KVM is a kernel - resident virtualization infrastructure for Linux on x86 hardware .
KVM was the first hypervisor to become part of the native Linux kernel ( 2.6.20 ) and was developed and is maintained by Avi Kivity through the Qumranet startup , now owned by Red Hat .
This hypervisor provides x86 virtualization , with ports to the PowerPC ® and IA64 in process .
Additionally , KVM has recently added support for symmetrical multiprocessing ( SMP ) hosts ( and guests ) and supports enterprise - level features such as live migration ( to allow guest operating systems to migrate between physical servers ) .
KVM is implemented as a kernel module , allowing Linux to become a hypervisor simply by loading a module .
KVM provides full virtualization on hardware platforms that provide hypervisor instruction support ( such as the Intel® Virtualization Technology [ Intel VT ] or AMD Virtualization [ AMD - V ] offerings ) .
KVM also supports paravirtualized guests , including Linux and Windows® .
This technology is implemented as two components .
The first is the KVM - loadable module that , when installed in the Linux kernel , provides management of the virtualization hardware , exposing its capabilities through the / proc file system ( see Figure 4 ) .
The second component provides for PC platform emulation , which is provided by a modified version of QEMU .
QEMU executes as a user - space process , coordinating with the kernel for guest operating system requests .
Figure 4 . High - level view of the KVM hypervisor
When a new operating system is booted on KVM ( through a utility called kvm ) , it becomes a process of the host operating system and therefore scheduleable like any other process .
But unlike traditional processes in Linux , the guest operating system is identified by the hypervisor as being in the “ guest ” mode ( independent of the kernel and user modes ) .
Each guest operating system is mapped through the / dev/ kvm device , having its own virtual address space that is mapped into the host kernel ’s physical address space .
As previously mentioned , KVM uses the underlying hardware ’s virtualization support to provide full ( native ) virtualization .
I/ O requests are mapped through the host kernel to the QEMU process that executes on the host ( hypervisor ) .
KVM operates in the context of Linux as the host but supports a large number of guest operating systems , given underlying hardware virtualization support .
You can find a list of the supported guests in resources section .
Lguest ( previously lhype )
The Lguest hypervisor , developed by Rusty Russell of IBM in Australia , takes a decidedly different approach to virtualization .
Instead of providing full virtualization support to run arbitrary operating systems , Lguest provides lightweight paravirtualization for Lguest - enabled x86 Linux guests ( otherwise called Linux - on - Linux virtualization ) .
This means that guest operating systems know that they ’re being virtualized , and this knowledge comes with performance enhancements .
However , Lguest provides reasonable performance without the need for QEMU providing platform virtualization ( as is the case for KVM ) .
The Lguest approach also simplifies the overall code requirements , requiring only a thin layer in the guest and also in the host operating system .
Let ’s now explore these changes and review the high - level architecture of an Lguest environment .
As shown in Figure 5 , the guest operating system includes a thin layer of Lguest code ( by definition , paravirtualization ) .
This code provides a number of services .
At the highest level , there ’s code to determine whether the kernel being booted is being virtualized .
There ’s also an abstraction layer ( implemented through paravirt_ops ) to route privileged operations to the host operating system through hypercalls .
For example , the guest cannot disable interrupts , so these requests are performed in the host operating system .
You ’ll also find a bus that implements a device abstraction for guests as well as a set of simple drivers implementing a console , virtual block driver , and virtual network driver ( which permits communication with other guests ) .
Figure 5 . Decomposition of the Lguest approach to x86 paravirtualization
The kernel side of things is implemented as a loadable module called lg.ko .
This module contains the guest operating system ’s interface to the host kernel .
The first element is the switcher , which implements the method by which guest operating systems are context - switched for execution .
The / proc file system code ( for / dev/lguest ) is also implemented in this module , which implements the user - space interfaces to the kernel and drivers , including hypercalls .
There ’s code to provide the memory mapping through the use of shadow page - tables and management of x86 segments .
Finally , the Documentation subdirectory in the kernel contains the launcher utility ( lguest ) to launch a new guest operating system instance .
This file does double duty as utility and documentation .
Lguest has been in the mainline kernel since 2.6.23 ( October 2007 ) and was developed and is maintained by Rusty Russell .
It consists of approximately 5000 source lines of code , including user - space utilities .
Although ( reportedly ) simple , Lguest provides for true paravirtualization .
Along with this simplicity come constraints , however .
For example , Lguest virtualizes only other Lguest - enabled guest operating systems and currently only for the x86 architecture .
But even with those constraints , Lguest provides an interesting approach to virtualization that is accessible by anyone willing to study Rusty ’s code .
Linux hypervisor benefits
Developing hypervisors using Linux as the core has real , tangible benefits .
Most obviously , basing a hypervisor on Linux benefits from the steady progression of Linux and the large amount of work that goes into it .
From the typical optimizations and bug fixes , scheduling , and memory - management innovations to support for different processor architectures , Linux is a platform that continues to advance ( to quote John of Salisbury “ standing on the shoulders of giants ” ) .
KVM proved not long ago that through the addition of a kernel module , one could transform the Linux kernel into a hypervisor .
The Lguest hypervisor took this a step further , and with the constraints of paravirtualization , minimized the solution even further .
Another intriguing benefit of using Linux as the platform is that you can take advantage of that platform as an operating system in addition to a hypervisor .
Therefore , in addition to running multiple guest operating systems on a Linux hypervisor , you can run your other traditional applications at that level .
So instead of worrying about a new platform with new application programming interfaces ( APIs ) , you have your standard Linux platform for application development ( in the event a monitoring application or hypervisor management application is needed ) .
The standard protocols ( TCP / IP ) and other useful applications ( Web servers ) are available alongside the guests .
Recall Figure 4 in the KVM discussion :
In addition to the guest operating systems , there ’s the KVM - modified QEMU .
This is a standard process and illustrates the power behind Linux as a hypervisor .
KVM makes use of QEMU for platform virtualization , and with Linux as the hypervisor , it immediately supported the idea of guest operating systems executing in concert with other Linux applications .
Conclusion
One thing is clear with the hypervisor developments that are occurring :
The hypervisor is a new battleground .
Thirty years ago , the operating system was the focus of control and dominated a small number of players .
Today , this battleground has shifted to the hypervisor , and Linux has a clear role to play .
But Linux as a hypervisor is not without its critics , and much of the criticism comes from arguments of bloat .
These same arguments were used not too many years ago in the embedded domain .
Today , Linux as an embedded operating system is a powerhouse and has n’t stopped yet .
But that ’s not to say that there ’s nothing to this criticism .
Perhaps some architectural changes are in order to make a great , ubiquitous operating system even more flexible .
After the anthrax letter attacks of October 2001 , the Bush administration pledged $ 57 billion to keep the nation safe from bioterror .
Since then , the government has created a vast network of laboratories and institutions to track down and block every remotely conceivable form of bioterror threat .
The Obama administration seems committed to continuing the biodefense push , having just appointed a zealous bioterror researcher as undersecretary of science and technology in the Department of Homeland Security .
But is the threat really as great as we ’ve been led to believe ?
Last summer , the FBI concluded that the anthrax letters that killed five Americans came not from abroad but from an American laboratory , the United States Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases .
Meanwhile , the Russian bioweapons program was officially shut down in 1992 , and it ’s unlikely that anything remaining of it could pose much of a threat .
Iraq , it has turned out , had no active program .
And Al Qaeda ’s rudimentary explorations were interrupted , according to an Army War College report , by the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan .
Advertisement
So , you may be asking , who is the enemy and why we are spending so much trying to protect ourselves ?
Those are good questions , but do n’t expect government officials to be asking them any time soon .
Dr. Tara O’Toole , the administration ’s choice for the Homeland Security undersecretary of science and technology , is a fierce advocate of biodefense .
In fact , her critics say , she is so dedicated to awakening people to the bioterror threat that she mangles facts and figures in a way that exaggerates the danger .
Especially troubling , they say , are two influential “ tabletop exercises ” O’Toole designed to model the impact -- and raise government awareness -- of the smallpox bioterror threat .
J. Michael Lane , former director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ’s smallpox eradication program , is particularly troubled by one model called “ Dark Winter , ” which was released in 2001 .
The model , he and others say , exaggerates the smallpox threat by assuming astoundingly high rates of transmission .
“ People get desperately sick before they are able to transmit the virus .
They ’re knocked off their feet with high fevers and severe muscle pains before they ’re contagious , ” he explained .
That means that each patient generally transmits the disease to just one or two others .
Dark Winter used rates of 10 new infections for each patient , which meant the model predicted widespread infection and death from a smallpox attack .
Advertisement
Richard Ebright , a Rutgers microbiologist , believes that Dark Winter induced “ shock and awe among participating government officials . ”
And that reaction , he says , drove “ disastrous policies in biodefense , biopreparedness and counter - terrorism during the Bush administration . ”
A second computer model produced in 2006 by O’Toole and her University of Pittsburgh Center for Biosecurity , “ Atlantic Storm , ” assumed much lower reproduction rates with the smallpox virus .
But O’Toole ’s critics say that the simulation seemed designed to create alarm .
It was based on a scenario that a “ radical Al Qaeda splinter group ” had released dried , powdered smallpox in eight countries .
In a report written for the War College , biodefense expert Milton Leitenberg declared the premise absurd , noting that Al Qaeda has no means to culture viruses .
Moreover , he noted , no bioweapons program , including the massive Soviet operation , has ever worked with dried smallpox , which is extremely dangerous to handle .
Leitenberg ends his discussion of Atlantic Storm with a quote from O’Toole : “ This is not science fiction ; the Age of Bioterror is now . ” Leitenberg disagreed .
“ Rather , ” he wrote , “ it was science fiction , because the scenario antecedents are ... not in the least plausible . ”
Advertisement
O’Toole does have her supporters .
Stephen Morse of Columbia University feels that O’Toole ’s tabletops served to awaken a complacent country to a genuine threat .
“ They ’re teaching tools , ” said Morse , who wrote a letter supporting O’Toole ’s nomination .
He has a point .
But today the country has moved too far in the other direction , seeing deadly biothreats where they simply do n’t exist .
And with O’Toole in a key position to drive the administration ’s actions , it ’s unlikely we ’ll rethink our strategy any time soon .
ASCAP ( the same folks who went after Girl Scouts for singing around a campfire ) appears to believe that every time your musical ringtone rings in public , you 're violating copyright law by " publicly performing " it without a license .
At least that 's the import of a brief [ 2.5 mb PDF ] it filed in ASCAP 's court battle with mobile phone giant AT&T .
This will doubtless come as a shock to the millions of Americans who have legitimately purchased musical ringtones , contributing millions to the music industry 's bottom line .
Are we each liable for statutory damages ( say , $ 80,000 ) if we forget to silence our phones in a restaurant ?
ASCAP 's outlandish claim is part of its battle with major mobile carriers ( including Verizon and AT&T ) over whether ASCAP is owed any money for " public performances " of the musical ringtones sold by the carriers .
The carriers point out that the owners of the musical compositions ( i.e. , songwriters and music publishers ) are already paid for each ringtone download , but ASCAP claims that it's owed another royalty for the " public performances " ( i.e. , ringing in a restaurant ) of those same ringtones .
Fortunately , ASCAP is wrong .
Even if the incidental mobile phone playback of a short snippet in a public place were viewed as a " public performance " ( something no court has ever held , and that would also put you in jeopardy for playing your car radio with the window down ) , the Copyright Act has a specific exception , 17 U.S.C. 110 ( 4 ) , that covers performances made " without any purpose of direct or indirect commercial advantage . "
That should take care of ringtones going off in the restaurant .
Confronted with Section 110 ( 4 ) , ASCAP makes an even more dangerous and wrongheaded argument -- that the carrier cannot " stand in the shoes of its customer " when asserting a copyright defense like Section 110 ( 4 ) .
In other words , because AT&T is in the ringtone business for the money , it 's on the hook even if the customer is n't .
To appreciate how anti-consumer this argument is , consider what it would mean in practice .
Congress has decided that many activities should be beyond the reach of copyright law , including not only the performances covered by Section 110 ( 4 ) , but also fair use and first sale , among other things .
It 's thanks to these exceptions and limitations that libraries can lend books , you can use a TiVo , and Apple can sell iPods to help you get the most from your CD collection .
ASCAP is arguing , however , that just because you can't be held liable for copyright infringement for these things , a copyright owner could still sue any technology company that helps you enjoy your rights under copyright law .
Fortunately for consumers , ASCAP 's theory is foreclosed by the Sony Betamax ruling , where the Supreme Court held that because it's a fair use for you to time - shift TV , it 's also perfectly legal for Sony to sell you a VCR to do it .
Sony did not have to run a second fair use gauntlet for its commercial VCR - selling business .
In short , if there 's no infringement liability for the customer , there can be no secondary liability for the carriers .
( ASCAP also has a theory that the carriers are direct infringers because they set up the system that causes phones to ring in public , but that theory is pretty handily wiped out by the recent Cablevision ruling , where the court found that setting up a " remote DVR " service does n't make you a direct infringer when your customers use it . )
Or , put another way , if it 's noninfringing for you , it 's also noninfringing for a technology company to provide you with the means to do it .
A blog about the increasing use of free and open source software in mobile devices , horror movies , technology , design , Japanese stuff , and whatever else happens to catch my interest .
Newt Gingrich tried to take a page out of Sarah Palin 's playbook and took to the waters for a photo - op .
However , a fisherman ripped him .
The House speaker went down to a New Hampshire river yesterday with a horde of reporters in tow some say to test the waters for a possible presidential bid to chat up some anglers .
But Gingrich had hardly waved hello when a feisty fisherman named Tim Kipp ruined the Republican 's photo opportunity .
" Your politics are some of the meanest politics I have ever heard , " Kipp shouted as he stood waist - deep in the Androscoggin River .
" You make Calvin Coolidge look like a liberal . "
Gingrich appeared stunned , but recovered slightly and told Kipp : " Despite our political differences , good luck today . "
But Kipp was just warming up .
" This guy is the most meanspirited , vicious politician we have seen in a long , long time , " Kipp told the reporters .
" The water we are fishing in right now will be destroyed by his policies . "
Gingrich later tried to shrug off the encounter with Kipp , a high school teacher from Brattleboro , Vt .
Yet the outing was n't a total bust .
Gingrich realized his dream of seeing a few moose .
Franchise owner says he thought food chain would flee controversy ' kinda like cockroaches when the lights get turned on '
A row between the fast food giant Burger King and one of its major franchise owners has erupted over roadside signs proclaiming " global warming is baloney " .
The franchisee , a Memphis - based company called the Mirabile Investment Corporation ( MIC ) that owns more than 40 Burger Kings across Tennessee , Arkansas and Mississippi , says it does not believe Burger King has the authority to make it take the signs down .
The dispute began to sizzle last week , when a local newspaper reporter in Memphis , Tennessee , noticed the signs outside two restaurants in the city and contacted the corporation to establish if the message represented its official viewpoint .
Burger King 's headquarters in Miami said it did not , adding that it had ordered MIC to take the signs down .
But a few days later readers of the Memphis paper said they had seen about a dozen Burger King restaurants across the state displaying the signs and that some had yet to be taken down .
Media attempts to contact MIC to establish why it was taking an apparently defiant stance were rebuffed , but the Guardian managed to grill MIC 's marketing president , John McNelis .
" I would think [ Burger King ] would run from any form of controversy kinda like cockroaches when the lights get turned on , " said Mr McNelis .
" I 'm not aware of any direction that they gave the franchisee and I do n't think they have the authority to do it . "
McNelis added : " The [ restaurant ] management team can put the message up there if they want to .
It is private property and here in the US we do have some rights .
Notwithstanding a franchise agreement , I could load a Brinks vehicle with [ rights ]
I 've got so many of them .
By the time the Burger King lawyers work out how to make that stick we'd be in the year 2020 . "
He continued : " Burger King can bluster all they want about what they can tell the franchisee to do , but we have free - speech rights in this country so I do n't think there 's any concerns . "
The Guardian sent a transcript of the interview to Susan Robison , Burger King 's vice - president of corporate communications .
She responded : " The statement that was posted on several restaurants ' reader boards in the Memphis area , and the view expressed by the franchisee on this issue does not reflect Burger King Corp 's opinion … BKC has guidelines for signage used by franchisees [ which ] were not followed .
We have asked the franchisee to remove the signage and have been told that the franchisee will comply . "
• This article was amended on 21 October 2009 .
In the original a sub - heading and a sentence in the text that paraphrased the franchise owner 's remarks reported him as saying that Burger King was acting ' kinda like cockroaches ' .
This has been corrected .
• Read the full transcript and comment here
The Quakers have supported same - sex unions for more than two decades
One of the UK's oldest Christian denominations - the Quakers - looks set to extend marriage services to same - sex couples at their yearly meeting later .
The society has already held religious blessings for same - sex couples who have had a civil partnership ceremony .
But agreeing to perform gay marriages , which are currently not allowed under civil law , could bring the Quakers into conflict with the government .
The issue of active homosexuality has bitterly divided Churches .
But the BBC 's religious affairs correspondent Robert Pigott said the Quakers had been more prepared than other groups to reinterpret the Bible in the light of contemporary life .
Religious commitment
The Quakers - also known as The Religious Society of Friends - are likely to reach consensus on the issue of gay marriage without a vote at their annual gathering in York on Friday .
They will also formally ask the government to change the law to allow gay people to marry .
Quaker registrars , like rabbis and Church of England priests , have the authority to marry heterosexual couples on behalf of the state .
But many British Quakers feel it is wrong to exclude a religious commitment from civil partnerships and want the right to marriage extended to same - sex couples too .
The Quakers has welcomed same - sex unions for more than two decades , allowing local groups to celebrate same - sex commitments through special acts of worship .
But within Britain 's Christian community more widely , the issue of homosexuality has caused major confrontations .
Most recently , the Bishop of Rochester , the Right Reverend Michael Nazir - Ali , told a newspaper that homosexuals should " repent and be changed " .
Even Maine , the land of the " frozen chosen " -- one of the nation 's whitest , least diverse places -- has a growing market for goat meat , sometimes rebranded as " chevon . "
In the last five years , the number of meat goats in Maine increased by 53 percent , more than double the national average , according to USDA data .
Photo by Kelsey Robinov / Salt Institute for Documentary Studies
In rural Dresden , Marge Kilkelly , a former state legislator , lives down a gravel drive at Dragon Fly Cove Farm , where she raises a small herd of Boer - cross goats .
The white animals with distinctive brown faces , native to South Africa , browse on shrubs and trees around her wooden homestead .
" Goats are uniquely suited to Maine and the Northeast , " she says .
" We have small farms with rocky , craggy land .
Many of our pastures are overgrown .
Those are the kinds of places that goats particularly like . "
She 's also a part of Thyme for Goat , a collaboration among four farms , who send their animals to a USDA - inspected slaughter facility , where they 're killed humanely for retail customers at farmers ' markets .
Kilkelly says 90 percent of her customers have never eaten goat meat and buy it because it 's lean , local meat .
( The meat revival is a boon to cheesemakers ; after all , male kids , especially those crossed with meat bucks and dairy does that need to be " freshened " up , are incapable of ever producing milk . )
That 's hardly the only market .
In recent decades , thousands of East African refugees moved to Maine , opening at least half a dozen halal markets in Portland and Lewiston and serving up spicy sambusas ( crispy triangular - shaped pastries stuffed with meat , onions , cumin , salt , hot pepper , and cardamom ) .
Many markets stock their freezers with imported meats , though , and for Maine goat farmers the local market for goat meat has , so far , been difficult to tap into .
Although the extension agency of the University of Maine in Cumberland County has attempted to spur production and encourage farmers to market goat specifically to Somali and Sudanese communities , the cultural learning curve for both producers and buyers has made it difficult for Maine goat to move into the ethnic marketplace .
Dawud Ummah , an imam who raised goats at Pleasant Valley Acres Farm in Cumberland , a suburb of Portland , had some customers sign up to buy a goat ; when the end of the season came , they did n't have enough money to buy his fresh meat , and he sometimes had to sell it at a loss .
But that has n't stopped him from trying to raise meat goats humanely again this year .
" Right now , for real good organic meat , immigrants -- they 're poor -- they can't afford it , " he says .
" They buy it for sacrifice , but not for daily eating . "
Another problem facing many small meat producers -- the shortage of slaughterhouses -- is exacerbated for those selling goats , because halal slaughter is prohibited in places where pigs are also processed .
State - and federally inspected slaughterhouses can make religious exemptions for Muslims to perform ritual slaughters , which involve cutting the trachea , esophagus , and two jugular veins , but not the spinal cord , with a very sharp knife .
Customers can also arrange to custom - process animals on the farm to remain in accordance with both halal and state law , but these meats cannot legally be sold at markets .
Maine state law mandates that custom - processed meat be used exclusively by the animal 's owner , members of the owner 's household , and any nonpaying guests .
Judy
Chu can trace the beginnings of her career as a San Gabriel Valley activist and political leader back to the early 1970s and her freshman year in college .
As the young math major , intent on a career in computer science , was crossing the UC Santa Barbara quad one day , someone thrust into her hand a flier about a new Asian American studies course .
She decided to give it a try .
“ It was like a light went off in my head , ” Chu recalled .
She learned about the history of Asian immigrants and their children , the discrimination and stereotypes they endured and their contributions to American life and culture .
One of the guest speakers was Pat Sumi , a third - generation Japanese American whose activism included registering blacks to vote in Mississippi and Georgia and organizing protests against the Vietnam War .
Advertisement
“ It was the very first time it occurred to me that an Asian American woman could be a leader , ” said Chu , who began volunteering with various causes , transferred to UCLA and gave up computers for clinical psychology .
On Tuesday , adding to a 24 - year political career launched on a local school board , Chu became the first Chinese American woman elected to Congress .
She won a special election -- with nearly 62 % of the vote -- to succeed longtime ally Hilda Solis , now U.S. Labor secretary , in the 32nd Congressional District .
She won this election in much the same way she posted earlier victories -- expanding on her Asian base ( about 13 % of voters in the congressional district ) to win support among Latinos ( who make up almost half of the registered voters in the district ) , organized labor ( a major element in the largely working - class district ) and women .
Her years on the Garvey School Board and the Monterey Park City Council and representing a local Assembly district made her a trusted household name among San Gabriel Valley political leaders , many of whom crossed party and ethnic lines to support her .
One is Republican Betty Couch , who said she found common ground -- and friendship -- with the unabashedly liberal Chu when they served together on the Monterey Park City Council .
Advertisement
“ She does her homework , she listens , and she really cares about people , ” said Couch , who said she wishes only that Chu were “ a little more frugal ” when it comes to government spending .
Couch recalled balking at Chu ’s proposal for city - sponsored child care -- until Chu won her over by adding a service charge based on a family ’s ability to pay .
“ She found a way to get me to support something I was philosophically opposed to , ” Couch said .
Judy May Chu was born July 7 , 1953 , in Los Angeles , the second of four children of Judson Chu , a native Californian , and his wife , May , whom he brought from China under the War Brides Act.
Judy Chu ’s paternal grandfather ran a Chinese restaurant in Watts , and the family lived near 62nd Street and Normandie Avenue in South Los Angeles until moving to the Bay Area when Judy was in junior high .
Her father worked as an electrical technician for Pacific Bell and her mother was a cannery worker and a member of the Teamsters .
Advertisement
It was while she was a student at UCLA that Chu met her future husband , attorney Mike Eng .
The couple married in 1978 .
Chu , who holds a doctorate in psychology , continued teaching at Los Angeles City College , then at East Los Angeles College , and Eng practiced immigration law .
By the early 1980s , the couple had settled in Monterey Park , which was experiencing an influx of immigrants from China , Taiwan and Hong Kong , sparking a backlash among some longtime residents who sought a ban on Chinese - language storefront signs .
When a divided City Council voted in 1986 to support a resolution endorsing , among other things , English as the nation ’s official language , Chu , by then on the school board , and Eng helped form the Coalition for Harmony in Monterey Park .
“ Judy and Mike were always trying to find ways to bring people together , ” said Jose Calderon , another member of CHAMP who is now an associate professor at Pitzer College in Claremont .
They started “ harmony days ” to celebrate the city ’s various cultures , and they led a petition drive that moved the council to rescind its divisive resolution .
Chu was elected to the council in 1988 and , in 2001 , won an Assembly seat after two unsuccessful attempts .
When she ran for the state Board of Equalization after being termed out of the Assembly in 2006 , her husband succeeded her to the 49th District seat .
Advertisement
Chu , who was scheduled to fly to Washington , D.C. , on Wednesday and be sworn in today , said she plans to come home every weekend .
She said that she and Eng will continue their practice of once - weekly “ date nights ” of dinner out or a movie -- their way of coping with careers that put them in different cities .
Marilyn Calderon , who served on Chu ’s legislative staff in the Assembly and now works for the United Farm Workers , said her former boss always encouraged her employees to aim high and insisted they remember they were there to help people who needed them .
Calderon recounted a 2004 meeting in a sun-baked field in Shafter with farm workers and others trying to build support for Chu ’s proposed legislation to protect field hands from sometimes - fatal sunstroke .
On the ride back to Los Angeles , Calderon said she was drained but Chu seemed energized .
“ She kept talking about how to move forward , what should be included , what the strategy should be , ” Calderon said .
“ She ’s a hard , hard worker . ”
Advertisement
--
jean.merl@latimes.com
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Advertisement
Judy Chu
* Born July 7 , 1953 , in Los Angeles
* Raised in South Los Angeles and the Bay Area
* Lives in Monterey Park
Advertisement
EDUCATION
* B.A. in math , UCLA ; PhD in psychology , California School of Professional Psychology
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
* Psychology teacher , Los Angeles City College , East Los Angeles College
Advertisement
* Garvey School Board , 1985 - 1988
* Monterey Park City Council , 1988 - 2001
* California Assembly , 49th District , 2001 - 2006
* State Board of Equalization , 2006 - 2009
Advertisement
* First Chinese American woman elected to Congress , July 14 , 2009
FAMILY
* Married since 1978 to Mike Eng , attorney and California Assembly member
Source : Times reporting
Patrick McAnulty was a stoker aboard the cruiser HMS Exeter when it was sunk in the Java Sea on March 1 , 1942 .
After being picked up by a Japanese warship , he spent time in a camp on Celebes island before being shipped to Japan .
After a spell in a shipyard in Nagasaki , he was transferred to Fukuoka Camp 26 in June 1945 and worked at the Yoshikuma Coal Mine .
The US and the Honduran coup
1 July 2009
Washington ’s criticisms of the June 28 military coup that ousted President Manuel Zelaya of Honduras lack any element of sincerity or historical truth .
The Obama administration is uneasy at the ouster of Zelaya , a conservative - turned - populist allied to Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez , because it reveals all too clearly the character of US foreign policy .
President Barack Obama ’s condemnation of Zelaya ’s overthrow as a “ terrible precedent ” is belied by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s refusal to characterize it as a coup .
Under US laws , such a designation would force the government to cut off tens of millions of dollars in aid to Honduras and its armed forces .
Clinton also declined to call for Zelaya ’s reinstatement , saying , “ We have n’t laid out any demands that we ’re insisting on , because we ’re working with others on behalf of our ultimate objectives . ”
Zelaya was overthrown because his populism was seen as a threat both to conservative sections of the bourgeoisie in Honduras and to US strategic interests in Latin America and the Caribbean .
In October 2008 , Zelaya joined the Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas ( ALBA in Spanish ) , a regional alliance organized by Chávez that includes Venezuela , Bolivia , Ecuador , Cuba , Nicaragua , Honduras , Dominica , St. Vincent and the Grenadines , and Antigua and Barbuda .
Member states receive subsidies coming largely from Venezuelan oil earnings .
One provision , which Zelaya chose not to ratify , calls for common defense in case one of the member states is attacked by the US .
Zelaya ’s efforts to hold a constitutional referendum that would allow him to run for a second term provoked an escalating conflict with the Honduran military , the Congress and the courts , which culminated in his ouster .
US diplomats worked closely with the Honduran opposition to Zelaya .
A US official speaking anonymously confirmed to the New York Times that US Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs Thomas A. Shannon , Jr. and US Ambassador to Honduras Hugo Llorens spoke to “ military officials and opposition leaders ” in the days before the coup .
He explained : “ There was talk of how they might remove the president from office , how he could be arrested , on whose authority they could do that . ”
The identities of the Obama administration ’s point men on Honduras demolish claims that it is formulating a new US foreign policy .
Shannon was special advisor to President Bush in 2003 - 2005 , when he was also senior director for western hemisphere affairs at the National Security Council .
From 2001 to 2002 he served at the State Department as director of Andean affairs — covering Venezuela , Colombia , Bolivia , Peru and Ecuador .
Llorens was the National Security Council ’s director of Andean affairs in 2002 - 2003 , holding the post when the Bush administration backed a military coup in Venezuela that nearly toppled Chávez .
The official speaking to the Times complained , however , that the administration did not expect that the Honduran army would go so far as to carry out an overt military coup .
The Obama administration was evidently seeking to engineer a de facto coup , but with a gloss of constitutional legality .
Thus Washington ’s main complaint about the Honduran coup is not that the army intervened in politics .
Rather , it is that the Honduran army ’s open intervention has exploded the democratic veneer that the bourgeois media tries to give to US foreign policy .
The Washington Post editorialized on Tuesday : “ The military ’s intervention may have the unintended effect of saving Mr. Zelaya .
The Congress voted him out of office on Sunday by a large margin ; had the generals merely allowed events to proceed according to the rule of law , the president could have been legitimately deposed or isolated . ”
It called on Obama to “ speak out more clearly about the abuses that prompted [ Zelaya ’s ] removal . ”
Revelations of US complicity with Honduran coup leaders comes at an inopportune time for Washington .
It is waging a campaign to weaken or topple Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , wrapping itself in invocations of democracy and alleging that Ahmadinejad stole the June 12 election in Iran .
The administration is relying on the US media to limit the political damage resulting from its role in the Honduran coup and the exposure of its hypocrisy in relation to the Iranian elections .
In contrast to the media ’s coverage of Iran , there have been few breathless reports , amateur videos or Twitter feeds coming from Tegucigalpa .
The US role in Honduras must be appraised in the historical context of Washington ’s violent and oppressive relations with Central America and its longstanding ties to the most reactionary forces in the region .
As political and economic tensions mount , the big landowning and corporate interests and the US - trained officer corps in America ’s traditional “ back yard ” fear the effects of populist appeals against US imperialism by left - nationalist figures like Chávez and Zelaya .
During the debate over Honduras ’ joining ALBA , anti-Zelaya Honduran deputy Marta Lorena Alvarado attacked Chávez and warned , “ We are allowing a man with a strange ideology to make his way into our population and into our manner of seeing Honduras ’ history . ”
Considering just the post - World War II period , the US and Honduran ruling elites have collaborated in huge crimes against the Central American masses .
In the US - engineered 1954 coup against Guatemala ’s elected president , Jacobo Arbenz Guzmán , Honduras served as a base and training camp for a CIA “ rebel force ” on Guatemala ’s southern border .
The US intervention in Guatemala would ultimately provoke a series of civil wars prosecuted by US - backed anti-communist death squads , lasting over 30 years and claiming 200,000 lives , according to US figures .
In 1963 , Honduran President Ramón Villeda was overthrown by military officers led by General Oswaldo López Arellano .
US President John F. Kennedy then decided to end US adherence to the Betancourt doctrine , which held that the US should not recognize extra-constitutional governments .
López Arellano called elections in 1971 but lost .
He regained power through another coup in 1972 .
The US responded to the 1979 overthrow of the Somoza family in neighboring Nicaragua by setting up the anti-communist Contra insurgency , which it funded in violation of US laws banning aid to the Contras .
Based in Honduras , the Contras fought a war against the Nicaraguan Sandinistas that lasted until 1987 , costing 60,000 casualties and displacing 250,000 people .
Seen in the context of Honduras ’ historical role as a center of US - backed counterrevolution , the ouster of Zelaya constitutes a sharp warning to the working class in the Americas .
Prompted by concern over the political ramifications of Zelaya ’s links to Venezuela , a US - backed coup in Honduras could well be the signal for a broader regional campaign by US imperialism against Venezuela and allied regimes throughout the continent .
Alex Lantier
Alex Lantier
VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama promised Pope Benedict on Friday that he would do everything possible to reduce the number of abortions in the United States , the Vatican said .
Obama and Benedict held private talks for about 40 minutes in the pope ’s frescoed study in the Vatican ’s apostolic palace and the Vatican said bioethics and life issues were a central part of the discussion .
In a surprise move , the pontiff gave Obama a booklet explaining Vatican opposition to practices such as abortion and embryonic stem cell research , which Obama supports .
“ Obama told the pope of his commitment to reduce the number of abortions and of his attention and respect for the positions of the Catholic Church , ” Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi told reporters after he was briefed by the pope .
Obama supports abortion rights and says his policy is to change economic and social conditions so as to put more women in situations where they do not feel they have to have an abortion .
The pope gave Obama , who last March lifted restrictions of federal funding for human embryonic stem cell research , a copy of a recent Vatican document on bio-ethics in which the Holy See explains its opposition to such practices .
“ Dignitas Personae ” ( dignity of a person ) condemns artificial fertilization and other techniques used by many couples and also says human cloning , “ designer babies ” and embryonic stem - cell research are immoral .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
The document defends life from conception to natural death and a Vatican statement issued after the meeting said the topics discussed included “ the defense and promotion of life and the right to abide by one ’s conscience . ”
The pope ’s private secretary told reporters after the meeting : “ This reading can help the president better understand the Church ’s position on these issues . ”
“ We know that this ( abortion ) is a crucial theme for the pope .
There is no need to hide it .
It ( giving him the booklet ) was an attempt to be clear , it was not polemical , ” Lombardi said .
The White House said Obama wanted to work together on a range of issues with the Vatican .
“ He is eager to find common ground on these issues and to work aggressively to do that , ” said Denis McDonough , deputy national security adviser , adding that there may be some issues where they cannot come to agreement .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
POPE IMPRESSED BY OBAMA
Lombardi said the pope was “ very impressed ” by Obama and that the pontiff was “ extremely satisfied ” with the talks .
Obama told the pope during a picture - taking session after the private part of the audience : “ We look forward to a very strong relationship between our two countries . ”
The pope also gave the president a copy of his latest encyclical , “ Charity in Truth , ” which called for a “ world political authority ” to manage the global economy and for more government regulation of national economies to pull the world out of the current crisis and avoid a repeat .
Obama , who was going to the airport from the Vatican , joked to the pope when he gave him the two documents : “ I ’ll have something to read on the plane . ”
Unlike his predecessor George Bush , Obama and the pope do not see eye - to - eye on abortion rights and embryonic stem cell research .
The Vatican condemns embryonic stem cell research , which scientists say can lead to cures for diseases such as Alzheimer ’s , because it involves the destruction of embryos .
Before he arrived at the Vatican , Michelle Obama and their children Malia and Sasha were given a private tour of St Peter ’s Basilica and the Sistine Chapel .
Michelle Obama joined her husband and the pope after the private talks ended .
By James Baxter , NMA President
The proponents of toll roads and the use of variable pricing to mitigate congestion seem to be sending mixed signals .
Not very long ago the use of new technology to charge motorists a fee every time they hit the road was being touted as the cure for every ill known to man , including congestion , energy depletion , dirty air , and inadequate infrastructure .
If the roads became too crowded the price for using the roadway would shoot up and vehicles would evaporate from the highway , and traffic would roll along , unimpeded .
The concept was pretty simple ; lots of people want to use the road at the same time , raise the price until the cost drives the cake eaters off the system .
When traffic density declines , the prices are reduced so the unwashed masses can get to their jobs , go shopping , see the doctor , and visit friends at times that do n’t inconvenience those of us with places to go and people to see , and for whom cost is no object .
Just when our elected keepers were warming to this idea , high fuel prices and a tanking economy took a real nick out of traffic congestion .
People just are n’t traveling as much as they were , for obvious reasons .
But , maybe we ’re in luck as far as the toll roads are concerned , those good folks who were going to reduce charges if traffic was light ?
You know , use lower prices to attract traffic when the system is being under-utilized .
That ’s what competitive private businesses do , when customers are few they reduce prices to attract customers back to their shops and businesses .
Have n’t we been repeatedly told that toll roads are the private sector utopian answer to poorly maintained and congested public highways ?
But wait , wait , something is wrong .
The toll road operators are not lowering their prices to spur demand for their facilities .
They ’re raising their prices because traffic is down !
How can this be ?
Real private competitive businesses do n’t raise their prices when demand is down .
The only institutions that have the leverage to raise prices when revenue is down are governments and government - sponsored monopolies .
Does this mean toll roads really are n’t private enterprise in action ?
Is the tooth fairy really dead ?
SCH - W760 – Infrared Video Telephony – New Handset by Samsung Electronics
Infrared Video Telephony a new handset released by Samsung Electronics in Korea .
Using SCH - W760 user can hold video calls in complete darkness .
Features
2.8-inch WQVGA AMOLED display
3 M camera
7.2 Mbps HSDPA
Bluetooth connectivity and a microSD card slot
Costs – 580,000 KRW .
WASHINGTON ?
In a move that reflects the uncertaintysurrounding NASA 's current strategy for replacing the space shuttle andreturning astronauts to the Moon by 2020 , House appropriators slashed by 16 percentthe space agency 's $ 4 billion request for manned space exploration in 2010 .
The proposed legislation , marked up June 4 by the HouseAppropriations commerce , justice , science subcommittee , trims $ 483 millionoverall from U.S. President BarackObama 's $ 18.7 billion budget request for NASA next year .
The $ 670 millioncut to the 2010 manned exploration request would leave $ 3.21 billion , which is less than isavailable for the effort this year .
Rep. Alan Mollohan ( D - W.Va . ) , the subcommittee 's chairman , described the move as a " time - out " in the budget process as the WhiteHouse awaits the findings of a 10 - member panel tasked by the White House toreassess NASA 's post - shuttle exploration plans .
That panel , led by former Lockheed Martin chiefNorm Augustine , is expected to report back with its findings in August .
In his opening statement at the markup hearing , Mollohansaid the cut should not be viewed as a diminution of the subcommittee 's supportfor NASA 's human spaceflight activities .
" Rather , it 's a deferral takenwithout prejudice ; it is a pause , a time - out , to allow the president toestablish his visionfor human space exploration and to commit to realistic future fundinglevels to realize this vision . "
Mollohan told Space News June 4 he is " open toresponding to an amended budget request " based on Augustine 's review .
Mollohan also said he expects the Obama administration to deliver to Congress a" realistic and sustainable " cost assessment of NASA 's humanspaceflight program in time to amend the 2010 request .
" We invite this report and the administration ' sresponse to it , whatever it is , " Mollohan said .
" We want very muchfor the funding to be an honest and realistic cost assessment . "
NASA 's current human spaceflight plan calls for retiring thespace shuttle in 2010 and replacing it with a crew capsule dubbed Orion thatwould be launched atop a shuttle - derived rocket , the Ares - 1 , starting in 2015 .
At the president 's request , Augustine 's panel is taking a second look at thisplan , along with NASA 's strategy for returning astronauts to the Moon by 2020 , given the likely available budgets over the next several years .
During the hearing , key Republicans expressed concern thatthe bill would hold NASA 's funding next year to 2009 levels .
In a June 4statement Rep. Robert Aderholt ( R - Ala . ) , said he was joining colleagues " in expressing my strong support for increasing this funding as wecontinue the Fiscal Year 2010 bill process . "
Aderholt specifically named fellow Republican Reps. JerryLewis of California , the ranking member of the Appropriations Committee ; FrankWolf of Virginia , the ranking member of the commerce , justice , sciencesubcommittee ; and John Culberson of Texas .
Other recommendations contained in the bill include a $ 77 million reduction in NASA 's proposed space operations budget , which includesthe space shuttle and international space station ; a $ 6 million reduction inscience ; and a $ 332 million shift in funds from the Cross Agency Supportaccount to a new budget line - item included in the subcommittee 's mark .
DubbedConstruction and Environmental Compliance , the new account would be fundedat $ 441 million .
Congressional aides said the new line item andaccompanying funds are aimed at consolidating NASA 's various constructionefforts into a single pot of money .
Following the markup , the subcommittee posted on its Website an exhaustive list of earmarks sought by its members .
According to thedocument , money tapped for NASA earmarks totaled close to $ 15 million .
While increasing NASA 's topline funding figure over 2009 , Obama 's 2010 funding request included an out - year budget profile for the spaceagency that is some $ 3 billion lower than was anticipated at this timelast year .
Paul Shawcross , chief of the science and space branch in the White House Office of Management and Budget , said the administration ' scommitment to NASA was evident in the 2009 stimulus package ?
whichincluded $ 1 billion for NASA programs ?
as well as in its 2010 budget request .
" But after 2010 , it 's flat to 2013 , " Shawcrosssaid June 2 during a symposium hosted by the George Washington University here .
He attributed the flat funding profile to the recession and anticipatedrecovery measures .
He said the Obama administration is facing a $ 1.26 trillion deficit in 2010 , a figure the president hopes to reduce to about $ 500 billion by 2014 .
Consequently , funding for NASA and other discretionaryspending will be squeezed in the out - years .
" That fiscal environment is reflected in NASA 's toplinerequest , " Shawcross said .
Meanwhile , W. Michael Hawes , associate NASA administratorfor program analysis and evaluation ?
who is charged with leading the agencyteam that will provide technical and analytic support to the Augustine panel ?
said the blue - ribbon commission 's work is under way .
" We 're starting to get questions from the panel , and we 'll be doing a series of fact - finding telecons , site visits , publicmeetings , " he told the symposium audience .
Hawes said one area on whichthe panel will focus is the role international cooperation plays in U.S. mannedspaceflight .
He said the panel would hear from four international space stationpartners as part of the review process .
Damon Wells , senior policy analyst in the White House Officeof Science and Technology Policy , said pursuing international relationships isa key aspect of space policy .
" The panel has been explicitly asked to lookat international cooperation , " Wells told the audience .
" It is partof the dialogue . "
Hawes told Space News June 2 that the panel would nothave time to produce an interim report , though the committee expects to briefthe White House on its findings mid-August .
The committee 's final report isexpected at the end of that month .
The Augustine panel 's first public meetingis slated for June 17 .
Other speakers at the symposium questioned whether the Augustine panel has been granted sufficient time to do its work .
Marcia Smith , president of the Space and Technology PolicyGroup , a consultancy here , said the Augustine panel would providelittle more than a snapshot in time given its deadline .
" Not everyone agrees on the mandated timing , " shesaid .
" Congress , in particular , wants it not to be constrained . "
Jeffery Bingham , a member of the Senate Commerce , Scienceand Transportation Committee 's Republican staff and senior adviser on space andaeronautics , agreed .
" I am worried about the time they have , and theresources they have , " he told the audience .
" It 's going to bedicey . "
Bingham expressed concern that Augustine was told to limitthe options his panel is to present to the administration .
" We think it prejudges the outcome , " he said .
" We want to see that it is wide open and that all options are on thetable . "
Richard Obermann , staff director for the House Science and Technology space and aeronautics subcommittee , said lawmakers are encouraged bythe additional funds for NASA programs in the 2009 stimulus package and the 2010 budget request .
But Obermann expressed " uncertainty with the newadministration 's intentions , " particularly in the out - years , where NASA ' stopline funding is flat .
Oberman said increases in other parts of NASA 's budget , including aeronautics and Earth science , came at the expense of out - yearfunding for space exploration .
Obermann said he sees NASA 's current fundingprojections for 2010 - 2014 as a placeholder , and that he expects the Augustinepanel 's review to influence funding for the space agency 's exploration programsin the out - year timeframe .
Obermann said he was encouraged by the choice ofAugustine to lead the human spaceflight review , noting testimony Augustine gavebefore the House Science and Technology Committee in 2004 , shortly after former President George W. Bush announced plans to replace the space shuttle andreturn astronauts to the Moon .
At that time Augustine said manned space exploration offeredmany benefits , but that " it would be a grave mistake to try to pursue aspace program on the cheap .
To do so is in my opinion an invitation todisaster .
There is a tendency in any can - do organization to believe thatit can operate with almost any budget that is made available .
The fact is thattrying to do so is a mistake ?
particularly when safety is a majorconsideration . "
Posted on July 17 , 2009 in Uncategorized
Last fall , the American taxpayer handed over $ 700 billion dollars to Wall Street because the American economic system would supposedly collapse if the big banks failed .
Now , just 9 months later , the largest recipients of TARP bailout money are now posting record profits and handing out exorbitant bonuses .
This past week , Bank of America announced a quarterly profit of over $ 2.4 billion [ source ] , Citigroup announced record profits of over $ 3 billion [ source ] , and Goldman Sachs reported profits of over $ 3.4 billion [ source ] .
Even worse , Goldman Sachs is going to distribute over $ 11.3 billion in bonuses to it ’s employees this year , or over $ 1 million per employee .
So , let ’s just get this straight : the American taxpayer gave nearly a trillion dollars ….
so banks could make record profits and so Goldman Sachs could distribute over $ 11.3 billion dollars to it ’s employees .
IN BONUSES ALONE .
This is n’t capitalism , this is n’t socialism , this is n’t the work of the free - market … this is pure theft from the American taxpayer and the United States government .
See Also :
The real price of Goldman ’s giganto - profits , Another Day , Another Bank Getting Rich Off Your Money , How to earn money like Goldman Sachs , Goldman is a little bit pregnant , Letter sent to Goldman Sachs PR chief , JPMorgan , Goldman Sachs Profit Surge is an Accounting Mirage , Not a Sustainable Sector Trend , Free market economics for dummies ( and Goldman Sachs ) , So Now Profits Are Bad News ?
The Demonization of JPMorgan Chase , Goldman Sachs and Bank of America , Goldman Sachs returns , Asset Sales Lifted Citi and BofA to Profit , Glenn Beck Explains the Goldman Sachs Web , As Bank Bonuses Swell , Congress Gets Bill on Pay , and JPMorgan , Goldman Sachs Profit Surge is an Accounting Mirage .
[ tags ] bailout , tarp , goldman sachs , wall street , aig , bank of america , boa , citigroup , record profits , corporate bonuses , executive bonuses , revenues , theft , capitalism , socialism , cronyism , corporatism , thieves [ / tags ]
The Bush administration and Congress rewrote American and international rules to allow India  a longtime nuclear scofflaw  to buy fuel and technology for its civilian nuclear program .
It was supposed to be the start of a beautiful new friendship .
So we are eager to see what happens when Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton visits India over the next few days .
The two democracies can do a lot to deepen their relationship , including negotiating an investment treaty .
India is expected to use the visit to announce plans to construct as many as 10 new nuclear power plants that will be open to bidding by American companies .
But it is time for India to take more responsibility internationally .
It needs to do more to revive the world trade talks it helped torpedo last year and  as a major contributor to global warming  to join the developed countries in cutting greenhouse gas emissions .
And it needs to do a lot more to constrain its arms race with Pakistan and global proliferation .
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his party have a strong mandate after the May elections .
And the country has weathered the global recession better than most .
That means that it has no excuses not to do more .
Now more than ever it is important to have a plan to make the most of your cash .
“ Protection of principle becomes top priority in times of financial crisis , ” says Jeff Rose , a Certified Financial Planner TM , one of the founders of Alliance Investment Planning Group LLC in Carterville , IL and the blogger behind GoodFinancialCents.com .
“ Cash should always be part of your overall financial plan , ” says Rose .
" Most people refer to this as your emergency funds . ”
He recommends that you have between eight and 12 months of expenses in some sort of fairly liquid cash vehicle .
This way , it is easily accessible and it can provide a safety net in case of financial emergency .
After Your Emergency Fund , Choices Begin
If you have investible assets beyond your 12 months of expenses , Rose suggests that you consider putting some of your money in short - term or intermediate - term bonds .
“ If you prefer a little more risk , conservative stock investments that focus on dividends could be considered . ”
The key is to use cash as part of an overall investment plan that blends sufficient returns with a degree of stability and security .
Cash offers lower returns than other investments , so it is important to make the most of it .
Instead of traditional savings accounts , Rose recommends high interest savings accounts , such as those you find online through institutions like ING and Emigrant Direct , and certificates of deposit ( CDs ) .
These are protected by FDIC insurance , ensuring that your money is safe .
You do have to watch out for penalties if you withdraw money from a CD early , however .
A few banks , notably Ally Bank , offer no-penalty CDs that are more liquid than traditional CDs .
If you want higher returns on your cash , you might try looking at more exotic products .
Money market accounts can provide higher returns ( just watch out for minimum account levels ) , and many of them are also FDIC insured .
Money market funds also provide a great deal of liquidity and higher returns .
However , money market funds are not FDIC insured , so realize that , while not very likely , it is still possible to lose money on this type of cash investment .
CDs also come in a variety of high - yielding flavors .
Shop around for CDs , much as you would for other financial products .
Jim Wang , at Bargaineering , has a guide to the more exotic CDs .
These include :
• Callable CDs : With these CDs , you get a higher rate of return , but it comes with a price .
After a period of protection , the bank can recall the CD at will .
For example , if you have a five - year CD with a nine - month call - protection period , the bank ca n’t close the account during that nine - month period .
After that , though , the bank can close the account .
But you get all of your principle and interest back .
• Brokerage CDs :
You can actually buy a CD through your broker .
It is possible to find higher rates , since your broker has access to more information , and it is possible to involve yourself in trading CDs on the secondary market .
Watch out , though : these may not be FDIC insured .
• Bump - Up CDs :
If you get a bump - up CD , you open yourself to the possibility of increasing your interest rate during the term of the CD .
If the bank offers new CDs at higher rates , and you have a bump - up option , you can ask the bank to give you the higher rate for the reminder of the CD term .
Like any other investment , the returns you get from cash largely depend on how you invest it .
Related Stories :
Two Safe , Short - Term Investments
Inflation Worries Rise
When Should You Cash Out a CD ?
— For the best rates on loans , bank accounts and credit cards , enter your ZIP code at BankingMyWay.com .
19 Creepy and Fun Clown Pictures
I was never into clowns as a kid .
I always thought they were more creepy than cool .
Watching the Joker in Batman when I got older reaffirmed my views on the subject .
I do admire the fact though that a clown can be both fun and scary at the same time .
As a photographer , you have the power to show the mood of the clown all dependent on how you set the photo up .
Here are 19 examples of clown perspectives .
It was revealed by ultra-sensitive cameras that our bodies emit tiny amounts of light that are too weak for the human eye to detect .
Amazing pictures of " glittering " human bodies were released by Japanese scientists who have captured the first ever images of human " bioluminescence " .
Although it has been known for many years that all living creatures produce a small amount of light as a result of chemical reactions within their cells , this is the first time light produced by humans has been captured on camera .
Strangely , the areas that produced the brightest light did not correspond with the brightest areas on thermal images of the volunteers ' bodies .
Yet another Russian journalist has died in mysterious circumstances .
Yaroslav Yaroshenko , the editor - in - chief of the monthly Korruptsiya i Prestupnost ( Corruption and Crime ) , has succumbed to head injuries suffered in an attack two months ago on the staircase of his apartment block in the southern city of Rostov - on - Don .
Early in the morning on April 30 , the 63 - year - old was taken to hospital with a traumatic brain injury and remained in a coma for several days .
After a month in the hospital and several operations , Yaroshenko felt better and was allowed to go home .
But his condition suddenly worsened and he was admitted yesterday to an intensive care unit , dying soon afterwards .
Yaroshenko's deputy , Sergey Sleptsov , believes the attack was related to the newspaper 's work .
In the weeks before the incident , the paper had published a number of articles on alleged corruption in the Rostov regional government , police , and the prosecutor 's office .
Russia 's Union of Journalists is to conduct its own investigation into the attack , which is the latest in a series of similar crimes against Russian journalists and human rights activists .
Russia is the third deadliest country in the world for journalists and the ninth worst in solving reporters ' killings , according to CPJ research .
Sources : Russia Today / CPJ
As noted in Continuing Claims Soar by 159,000 to New Record the record continuing claims number is dramatically understated by over 2.5 million .
Charts of what is really happening are shown below but first let 's recap the data as reported by the Department of Labor .
Here is a chart from Department of Labor Weekly Claims Report .
Weekly Claims
click on chart for sharper image
Emergency Unemployment Compensation
The continuing claims number that mainsteam media focuses on is 6,883,000 as boxed in red above .
However , that number ignores extended benefits from the Emergency Unemployment Compensation ( EUC ) program .
Those on extended benefits are not counted in the continuing claims numbers .
Inquiring minds may wish to consider the Emergency Unemployment Compensation ( EUC ) PDF .
EUC is a federal emergency extension that can provide up to 33 additional weeks of unemployment benefits .
The first payable week was the week of July 6 - 12 , 2008 .
The original extension passed in July 2008 paid up to 13 weeks of additional benefits .
Effective November 23 , 2008 , we can pay up to 7 additional weeks of benefits .
Effective December 7 , 2008 , we can pay up to another 13 weeks of benefits .
Adding 2.519 million from the above chart to 6.883 million from the second chart the current real total ( assuming nothing else is missing ) the current number receiving unemployment benefits is 9.4 million .
With that backdrop , here are some custom created charts courtesy of Chris Puplava at Financial Sense , based on my request .
The charts show the effect of the EUC program over time .
Continuing Claims + EUC Extended Benefits from 2000 - 2009
The original extension passed in July 2008 paid up to 13 weeks of additional benefits .
Effective November 23 , 2008 , we can pay up to 7 additional weeks of benefits .
Effective December 7 , 2008 , we can pay up to another 13 weeks of benefits .
Continuing Claims + EUC Extended Benefits from 1970 - 2009
Continuing Claims + EUC Extended Benefits from 1980 - 2009 Population Adjusted
In the halls of higher education , opposing viewpoints should n’t just be permitted , they should be encouraged .
But when New York University ’s law school asked Dr. Thio Li-ann , of the National University of Singapore , to teach the course “ Human Rights in Asia ” this fall , it invited students to pay tuition to learn from someone who teaches the wrongs of homosexuality .
A noted human rights advocate , Li-ann is also a fierce supporter of Singapore ’s law that criminalizes same - sex sex .
To explain how someone who ’s so against institutional oppression and human suffering could also be against extending rights to gays and lesbians , you ’ll have to understand Li-ann ’s position : “ A moral wrong can not be a human right . ”
And according to the NYU Outlaw blog protesting Li-ann ’s hiring , she compares anal sex to “ shoving a straw up your nose to drink . ”
Even Bruno was n’t wise enough to make that leap .
And still , NYU wants to have her as a visiting professor .
Smartly , NYU Outlaw ( an organization of the law school ’s gay students ) will use Li-ann ’s marred perspective on human rights to have an open dialogue ( via forum ) “ about the boundaries of human rights . ”
Also , an open dialogue on what type of professors NYU students ’ tuition should pay for .
Because , as Transracial notes , Dr. Li-ann is among those who not only finds homosexuality deplorable , but also curable .
Why not , then , add Astrology 101 to pre-reqs ?
It begs the question : Would NYU invite to its campus someone who believed people of color are less than ?
That women are not as capable as men ?
That Nazi sympathizers deserve our sympathy ?
Once again we ’ve got a case where homosexuality remains one of the last acceptable forms of discrimination .
And this is , apparently , a viewpoint worth teaching students .
( In the above clip , Li-ann discusses Singapore ’s 377A law , which criminalizes gay sex .
She argues legislators should “ not be bewitched by the empty rhetoric and emotional sloganeering employed by many radical liberals . ”
Singapore opted not to repeal the law , but the law minister insists they wo n’t enforce it . )
One of the expenses claim forms with key details blacked out
The expenses claims of every MP for the past four years have been published , but with some key details blacked out .
Commons authorities have published the details after a long - running Freedom of Information battle .
The addresses that claims relate to - and correspondence - have been removed on privacy and security grounds .
This means it is not possible to see if MPs " flipped " second homes - a key part of the Daily Telegraph 's revelations from its leaked version of the data .
MPs have said some details , like addresses and travel patterns , have to be withheld for security reasons .
' Maximum transparency '
But other details have been removed in the official version such as Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's claims for his Sky television subscription - despite the fact it was published last year , also under the Freedom of Information Act ( FOI ) .
Mr Brown told a news conference : " I did n't choose to redact that and I do n't quite understand all the rules that have been applied by the House of Commons itself who have been doing so .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" My principle in this is the maximum transparency - it's got to be consistent of course with security but I think people have got to be as transparent as possible . "
A Commons spokeswoman said it was removed because of amendments to FOI laws voted through by MPs in July 2008 to protect MPs ' security by removing suppliers of services to home addresses .
Meanwhile David Cameron 's office has told the BBC the Conservative leader would be paying back nearly £ 947 after a " thorough review " of his claims by his office .
This includes the £ 680 he had already said he would repay for maintenance and repairs to his property .
Embarrassment factor
His office said on looking again at the claims , he had noticed a £ 218 overclaim for mortgage interest , on a month he swapped mortgage providers and some smaller overpayments .
The Daily Telegraph 's revelations , based on uncensored claims , have led to a slew of resignations from MPs .
On Wednesday Treasury minister Kitty Ussher stepped down amid reports that she changed the designation of her constituency home to avoid capital gains tax .
The BBC 's political editor Nick Robinson said that if the full uncensored claims had not been leaked to the Telegraph , then MPs like Miss Ussher would still be in their jobs .
Among Daily Telegraph revelations that do not appear in the blacked out versions of MPs ' receipts are : Andrew MacKay -
From the official receipts it would not have been possible to know the Tory MP claimed for a second home without having a main constituency home .
Margaret Moran - The Labour MP who claimed £ 22,000 for dry rot on her second home .
The receipts do not show her second home was in Southampton - 100 miles from her Luton constituency .
Sir Peter Viggers - Tory MP who tried to claim £ 1,645 for a " duck island " , the official receipts show no evidence of the unsuccessful claim .
Hazel Blears -
The former Labour minister claimed second home expenses for three different properties in a single year but the redacted receipts do not show this as addresses are blacked out .
Heather Brooke , one of the campaigners who brought the Freedom of Information case , told the BBC the official publication was a " substandard version " .
She pointed out the High Court had ordered that second home addresses be published - two months later MPs voted to exempt their own addresses , travel plans and security bills from the FOI Act , arguing it would jeopardise their security .
HAVE YOUR SAY
I think we all know what the censoring is about , and it has nothing to do with " privacy and security grounds " Guy Flowers , Sheffield Ms Brooke said : " It 's the only way to police effectively whether there is a second home and whether the mortgage exists . "
She said the security argument had been " totally discredited " adding : " I can see that avoiding embarrassment has been the key motivating factor of what 's been deleted . "
But Labour MP Sir Stuart Bell said the publication was " fully in conformity with the High Court decision " and claimed " private information " had been removed under the Data Protection Act .
He told the BBC Thursday 's publication was " a remarkable achievement in terms of technology and in terms of being open with the public " .
' Fair ' argument Cabinet minister Hilary Benn told BBC Radio 4's Today programme : " The argument for keeping bank details , phone numbers and addresses confidential I think is a fair one . "
But he said the system needed to change : " That 's why we 've seen seismic changes , that 's why Parliament has already taken steps to alter the rules why Christopher Kelly 's committee will look at what the new system will be . "
BLACKED OUT INFORMATION
Rejected claims
Any residential address Regular travel patterns Names of anyone delivering goods to homes Money spent on security Hotels or guest houses used Letters / emails to Fees Office Bank / credit card statements
Phone numbers on itemised bills Personal items not claimed for Staff names and addresses Bank / Giro details Landlord or mortgage provider Photocopies of cheques Signatures Reference numbers ie NI
Cameron pays back more expenses
See your MP 's expenses Minister quits over expenses For the Conservatives , shadow Commons leader Alan Duncan said : " I think the black ink is justified where it is things like ex-directory phone numbers ... and personal details and bank accounts . "
He said changes had been made to ensure MPs could not " play around with the second home address in order to extract as much money as possible out of the system " .
But he said " at the very least " addresses should be properly audited and second homes designations should be " consistent " .
More than a dozen MPs have said they plan to stand down since the furore over expenses began and many have had to repay money - more than £ 300,000 has been repaid .
Claims made by all 646 MPs under three different allowances since 2004 have been published alphabetically on the Parliament website with thousands of receipts made available in a series of PDF files .
Sensitive details
Last year , the Commons agreed to blank out certain information considered sensitive including addresses and all communications with the Fees Office .
MPs have been able to suggest further exclusions .
It means practices unveiled by the Telegraph - such as MPs who switched the designation of their second homes and claimed for several properties over four years - are not revealed in the official version .
WITHIN THE RULES £ 24,000 - a- year Additional Costs Allowance , which covers the running of MPs ' second homes £ 22,193 - a- year Incidental Expenses Provision , which pays for running an office £ 10,400 - a- year Communications Allowance , which funds websites , newsletters , stationery and postage
The furore has led to interim changes to the second homes allowance while the Committee of Standards in Public Life is holding an inquiry into expenses and will recommend changes to allowances rules .
Gordon Brown has said oversight of MPs ' expenses must be handed over to an external regulator as part of a root and branch reform of Parliament .
The Daily Telegraph 's assistant editor Andrew Pierce told the BBC they would publish the entire list of claims submitted by the cabinet on Friday and every MP 's expenses on Saturday - to allow people to draw their own conclusions about what had been " censored " .
" I suspect it could be that more MPs will be considering their position and maybe their party leaders will be considering whether they are really fit to be an MP , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Platinum Trophy ( Platinum ) – Awarded for outstanding performance in Ghostbusters !
– Collect all other trophies for Ghostbusters : The Video Game
We Have the Talent ! ( Bronze ) – Complete the Firehouse training level .
– Complete the Firehouse Training Level
The Flowers Are Still Standing !
( Bronze ) – Complete the ‘ Welcome to the Hotel Sedgewick ’ level .
– Complete the ‘ Welcome to the Hotel Sedgewick ’ level .
Once S’more into the Breach ( Bronze ) – Complete the ‘ Panic in Times Square ’ level .
– Complete the ‘ Panic in Times Square ’ level .
Get Her ! ( Bronze ) – Complete the ‘ Checking Out the Library ’ level .
– Complete the ‘ Checking Out the Library ’ level .
Ghost Fever Grips New York ( Bronze ) – Complete the ‘ Museum of ( Super ) Natural History ’ level .
– Complete the ‘ Museum of ( Super ) Natural History ’ level .
Somebody Saw A Cockroach on 12 ( Bronze ) – Complete the ‘ Return to the Sedgewick ’ level .
– Complete the ‘ Return to the Sedgewick ’ level .
Let Me Guess , Gozer Worshippers ( Bronze ) – Complete the ‘ Lost Island Rising ’ level .
– Complete the ‘ Lost Island Rising ’ level .
Disaster of Biblical Proportions ( Bronze ) – Complete the ‘ Central Park Cemetery ’ level .
– Complete the ‘ Central Park Cemetery ’ level .
We Came , We Saw… ( Bronze ) – Complete the game on ‘ Casual ’ or ‘ Experienced ’ difficulty .
– Complete the game on Casual or Experienced difficulty .
You can also get this by finishing the game on Professional difficulty .
Are You A God ? ( Gold ) – Complete the game on ‘ Professional ’ difficulty
– Finish the game on the hardest difficulty ‘ Professional ’ mode .
Make sure to keep your teammates revived so they can revive you !
Slam Dunk ! ( Bronze ) – Slam dunk a ghost into a trap .
– You must first purchase the ‘ Slam Dunk ’ upgrade .
Then you must capture a ghost by slamming it directly on the trap .
Slime Dunk ! ( Bronze ) – Trap a ghost using the Slime Tether .
– Attach one end of a slime tether to the ghost , then fire the other end of the slime tether to the trap .
Stasis Dunk ! ( Bronze ) – Trap a ghost using the Stasis Stream .
– Easiest way to complete this is by equipping the stasis stream and assisting your teammates in pulling a ghost into a trap .
Your statis stream must be hitting the ghost as it ’s pulled into the trap .
I Ain’t ‘ Fraid of No Ghost !
( Bronze ) – Trap a ghost .
– Trap a ghost
A GMC logo on a vehicle at the 2009 New York International Auto Show April 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Eric
Thayer
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - General Motors Corp is recalling nearly 1.5 million Buick , Chevrolet , Oldsmobile and Pontiac mid-sized cars due to a potential leak of engine oil that could cause an engine fire .
The recall applies to the 1997-2003 Buick Regal ; 1998 - 2003 Chevrolet Lumina , Monte Carlo and Impala ; 1998 - 99 Oldsmobile Intrigue ; and 1997 - 2003 Pontiac Grand Prix , GM said in a filing with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .
A total of 1,497,516 vehicles , all equipped with a 3.8 liter engine , are involved in the recall .
GM said some of the vehicles have a condition in which drops of engine oil may be deposited on the exhaust manifold under hard braking .
That could start a small fire that could spread to a plastic spark plug wire channel and beyond , increasing the risk of an engine compartment fire , NHTSA said .
GM dealers will remove the plastic spark plug retention channel and install two new spark plug wire retainers free of charge .
Posted by John , January 11th , 2009 - under Middle East , Palestine .
The moral bankruptcy of Zionism – the racist ideology of ongoing exclusion and hate of Palestinians and the theft of their land – is plain to many in the world today as the Israelis destroys Gaza and its people .
To that we can add intellectual bankruptcy .
Niv Horesh , in an apologia recently for Israeli terror published in The Australian newspaper , has said about Robert Fisk , a respected journalist with a deep knowledge of Middle East affairs , that “ while Fisk is perhaps not himself an anti-semite , he nevertheless abets classic anti-semitism in his grotesquely disproportionate coverage of Israel . ”
( ‘ Propaganda does nothing for peace ’ The Australian Friday January 9 page 12 Opinion . )
What a weasel word is “ perhaps ” in this context .
Perhaps ( intentional use ) Horesh should read Fisk ’s book Pity the Nation .
It reports on the smears against him and others for telling the truth about Israel ’s crimes against humanity in Lebanon in 1982 ; the two month siege and their complicity in the massacre of 2000 Palestinians in the refugee camps of Sabra and Chatila .
As Fisk says “ Anyone in Europe or America who dared to criticise Israel ’s behaviour … was invariably attacked … with veiled or direct accusations of anti-Semitism . ”
Fisk is reporting the facts , and basing opinions on them .
These are facts and opinions that those minds blighted by Zionism cannot and will not see and so cannot challenge .
Instead they resort to cheap gibes and grotesque lies about anti-Zionism being anti-semitism to shut down debate .
I regard Fisk as one of the few balanced and informative Western reporters and commentators on the Middle East .
It is difficult to see how he ‘ abets ’ anti-semitism in telling his version of the truth .
But that is not Horesh ’s aim .
The callous , cowardly catch cry of anti-semitism is the last refuge of Zionist scoundrels as they continue their slaughter of the innocents .
It is an attempt to destroy debate and discussion – Zionism is a dictatorial ideology , allowing no dissenters from its main pillar – a Jewish homeland built on the genocide of the Palestinians – and impose this particular view ( Zionism ) on all , Jews and non-Jews alike .
It is an attempt to justify the slaughter of the Palestinian innocents and the subjugation of the Palestinian people in the Gaza concentration camp .
Zionism is a political ideology ; Jews are a people .
Opposing Zionism is opposing a political position , not a people .
Some Jews ( including religious sects ) are anti-Zionist .
The idea that all Jews should be Zionists is another example of Zionism ’s dictatorial attempts at thought control .
So too the description of such Jews as self hating .
Historically Zionism had little appeal to Jews until the rise of Stalinism and the defeat of the Russian Revolution , followed by the rise of Nazism and virulent anti-semitism in Germany leading to the obscenity of the final solution .
Zionism is in a macabre dance with anti-semitism .
It operates on the basis that anti-semitism is not able to be challenged or beaten and so justifies dispossessing the Palestinians with its calls for a homeland ( and since 1948 , the establishment of the Israeli state ) to supposedly help protect Jews from this “ pervasive ” ideology of anti-semitism .
I favour the liberation of Jews and Palestinians through a one state solution ; a democratic and secular state where all who want to ( Jews , Muslims , Christians ) can live .
My vision is of a rainbow nation of the Middle East .
This is hardly anti-semitic .
Anti-Zionist yes , anti-semitic no .
( The question of how that comes about is another issue , which I have mentioned on other posts and can be summed up in the slogan of Egyptian socialists : ‘ The road to Jerusalem runs through Cairo . ’ )
To deliberately confuse and conflate anti-Zionism with anti-semitism is to attempt to shut down debate and discussion and is another example of the dictatorial thought patterns of Zionism , thought patterns that are now being played out in the murder of thousands of Palestinians and the ongoing criminal blockade of Gaza .
( Three hour daily lulls to allow in supplies are a drop in the ocean of the humanitarian crisis that is Gaza and just PR spin from the Israelis . )
Pro-copyright lobbyists and anti-piracy outfits have a clear idea of what is needed to manipulate the minds of the younger generations .
The MPAA most famously handed out a “ merit patch in respecting copyright ” to LA Boy Scouts , and now the Copyright Alliance has entered US classrooms in an attempt to educate today 's youth about the benefits of copyright .
The Copyright Alliance describes itself as a non-profit , non-partisan educational organization dedicated to promoting the value of copyright as a means to make money .
The more restrictions , the more money can be made is their credo , and they go to extremes to prove their point .
One of the key research documents listed on their website is a highly critical review of Professor Lawrence Lessig ’s book “ Free Culture “ .
According to the review , Lessig is a “ hypocritical demagogue ” whose book imposes a “ quasi - socialist utopianism ” while “ demonizing ” copyright .
Of course , everybody is entitled to their own opinion but with regard to what ’s being taught to youngsters in schools , one should at least try to get the facts right .
Unfortunately , the Copyright Alliance screws up badly in this respect .
For example , in one of their their featured reports it is claimed that The Pirate Bay is selling pirated movies and music to its users .
“ Up until 2006 , one of the largest global sellers of pirated films and music files was sold by a company based in Sweden – Pirate Bay , ” it reads .
Despite their blatant lies in their research reports , they have still managed to convince several schools to use their course materials .
“ Think First , Copy Later , ” is the working title of the pro-copyright curriculum set to be taught in several schools throughout the US .
TorrentFreak contacted Aaron Engley , administrator at West Potomac Academy – one of the schools that plans to use the Copyright Alliance ’s material .
Engley told TorrentFreak in a comment , “ Our school has a communication and arts focus , we engaged in this relationship [ with the Copyright Alliance ] to assist our students protect their own intellectual property .
We were teaching our students how to produce , but not educating them on how to protect what they produce . ”
Of course , the Copyright Alliance itself fails to mention that thousands of artists profit from sharing their work for free , and that the lion ’s share of copyright profits go to large corporations .
But even if we put that aside , kids should be taught to think critically so they can make up their own minds instead of being brainwashed with pro ( or anti ) copyright propaganda .
Atando cabos | Denise Maerker
Lunes 29 de junio de 2009
Tengo miedo… .
— repetía una y otra vez Juan Pablo Carrasco , detenido y rodeado por policías de tránsito en Ciudad Juárez .
Borracho o no , Juan Carlos expresaba , en el famoso video , su profunda desconfianza frente a la policía .
Yo también tengo miedo de un gobierno que ha hecho de la seguridad su único tema .
De un Presidente que ha simplificado su discurso al punto de declarar una dicotomía sin matices entre los buenos , colaboradores y creyentes , y los malos , drogadictos ateos , delincuentes y traidores .
Miedo de un partido que endurece el tono y se erige en el único reducto de la decencia y la valentía .
De un general presidente que sólo se siente cómodo rodeado de soldados y policías diseñando operativos y que deja de lado otros aspectos de la vida nacional .
¡ El gabinete de seguridad se reúne una vez a la semana , los gabinetes de economía , de política social y de infraestructura se reúnen una vez cada mes !
Miedo de un Presidente que arropado por la legitimidad de la lucha en contra de los narcos descuida el tema de los derechos humanos y minimiza la vulnerabilidad en que se encuentra la ciudadanía frente a las empoderadas fuerzas del orden .
Y es que no se han construido , ni parecen preocupados en hacerlo , los contrapesos que se requieren con tantos hombres armados en las calles .
¡ En todas las guerras , y esta no es la excepción , el peligro de la deriva autoritaria y los abusos de los derechos humanos es enorme !
¿ Cómo el candidato del empleo se convirtió en el presidente de la seguridad ?
No es difícil de entender .
Después de una campaña muy disputada , una victoria por un pequeñísimo margen y una toma de posesión al límite , Calderón se sienta verdaderamente en la silla presidencial seis días después , y gracias al Operativo Conjunto Michoacán .
Un éxito mediático y una operación que lo legitima como Presidente .
Meses después intentó lanzar sus iniciativas sociales , pero no le redituaron la misma aprobación .
Las encuestas lo confirman , su alto nivel de aprobación se debe al tema de la guerra contra el narco .
Él lo sabe .
En Los Pinos descubrió también lo reducido de sus márgenes de maniobra y el costo de ciertas alianzas .
En la educación no hay nada que hacer , Elba Esther se encarga de dinamitar cualquier intento de reforma .
De acabar con los monopolios , ni hablar , nada se ha hecho y en competitividad seguimos por los suelos .
Atrapado en todo lo demás , en la seguridad sí tiene margen y eso le ha dado sentido a toda su gestión .
El único y peligroso sentido .
New report contradicts
White House denials
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Friday , May 29 , 2009
Fresh confirmations have emerged from senior military sources that suppressed photographs of the torture of prisoners at Abu Ghraib prison show scenes of rape , sexually explicit acts , sodomy and forced masturbation .
Harper ’s Magazine writer Scott Horton , who also writes for The Daily Beast website , writes that he “ has obtained specific corroboration ” from a “ highly credible senior military officer with firsthand knowledge , ” who he says has provided even more detail about images being withheld from the public by the Obama administration .
Horton writes that the photographs “ depict sexually explicit acts , including a uniformed soldier receiving oral sex from a female prisoner , a government contractor engaged in an act of sodomy with a male prisoner and scenes of forced masturbation , forced exhibition and penetration involving phosphorous sticks and brooms . ”
Horton ’s sources revealed that in addition to other sexual acts , some of the photographs show a uniformed soldier receiving oral sex from a female prisoner , a government contractor engaged in an act of sodomy with a male prisoner , and a female prisoner being forced to expose her breasts .
“ Other suppressed photographs show a female prisoner assuming sexually suggestive poses in a chair , while a prison guard appears behind her in some frames .
In another series , prisoners are shown hooded in a transport with open copies of pornographic magazines in their laps . ”
Horton writes .
The military source also described an image in which Specialist Charles A. Graner , who was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment in 2005 , is shown suturing the face of a prisoner , effectively stitching the skin , as if closing open wounds , despite the fact that the prisoner required no such medical procedure .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The account directly contradicts yesterday ’s denials by both the White House and the Pentagon that the withheld photographs contain evidence of sexual abuse .
( Article continues below )
By denying the statements of Major General Antonio Taguba , featured in the London Telegraph earlier this week , the White House is denying the facts of the official internal military investigation from 2004 , in an apparent attempt to pull off a crude bait and switch .
Taguba merely confirmed to the Telegraph what was in his original report .
Taguba also verified the credibility of eyewitness statements from other detainees that described an American - Egyptian male translator in uniform raping teenage boys .
The fresh confirmations , combined with Taguba ’s reiteration of his original findings , as well as other accounts from credible figures such as veteran reporter Seymour Hersh and US Senator Lindsey Graham , disprove president Obama ’s assertion that the suppressed photographs are “ not particularly sensational ” .
The truth will out , and as the ACLU has said , Obama “ has essentially become complicit with the torture that was rampant during the Bush years by being complicit in its coverup . ”
This article was posted : Friday , May 29 , 2009 at 9:39 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Responding to Coronavirus
The health and safety of our guests and team members is our top priority .
We are closely monitoring the situation with Coronavirus ( COVID - 19 ) and following the public health recommendations from the CDC and World Health Organization .
Learn More
( CNN ) --
In the end , a coffee shop in Vassalboro , Maine , that gained national attention for its topless waiters and waitresses simply proved too hot -- the Grand View Topless Coffee Shop burned to the ground early Wednesday morning .
The building of the topless coffee shop was completely destroyed by a fire Wednesday morning .
A state fire official said it was arson .
The blaze consumed the risque , small - town business shortly after midnight , said Vassalboro Fire Chief Eric Rowe .
He described the flames as " severe " and said the building was a " total loss . "
" I really liked it here , " waitress Krista Macentyre said after learning the cause of the fire .
" We were n't hurting anyone .
I do n't know why someone would do something like this . "
The shop 's proprietor , Donald Crabtree , said he is determined to rebuild .
" This is home " to a lot of people , he said .
For Crabtree the coffee shop literally was home .
He and his two daughters , their two boyfriends , and his two infant grandchildren lived in quarters attached to the Grand View .
The fire forced them to relocate to a motel .
Stephen McCausland , spokesman for the Maine Department of Public Safety , called it arson and said " evidence has been taken to the state police crime for lab analysis . "
An ambulance crew returning to Belfast , Maine , noticed the fire around 1 a.m. , waking Crabtree and six others , including two 4 - month - old infants , according to McCausland .
Crabtree said he did not have insurance for the Grand View .
If necessary , he said , he would be willing to reopen in a temporary mobile trailer on the site of the topless -- and now roofless -- coffee shop .
Crabtree said his 10 female and three male employees are " in shock . "
While some Vassalboro residents expressed displeasure with the 18 - and - over establishment , Crabtree said he had received no threats .
In a February interview with CNN shortly after Grand View opened , Crabtree said the coffee shop was doing brisk business in the small town of 4,500 .
" It 's just been crowds mobbing in , " he said at the time .
" This place was made to put smiles on people 's faces , " he said Wednesday .
Waitress Macentyre added , " This was a good innocent business . "
" Every worker was just trying to take care of themselves and make a living -- just trying to live like everybody else , " she said .
All About Maine
DRBD : a distributed block device
LWN .net needs you !
Without subscribers , LWN would simply not exist .
Please consider signing up for a subscription and helping to keep LWN publishing
The three R's of high availability are Redundancy , Redundancy and Redundancy .
However , on a typical setup built with commodity hardware , it is not possible to add redundancy beyond a certain limit to increase the number of 9's after your current uptime percentage ( ie 99.999 % ) .
Consider a simple example : an iSCSI server with the cluster nodes using a distributed filesystem such as GFS2 or OCFS2 .
Even with redundant power supplies and data channels on the iSCSI storage server , there still exists a single point of failure : the storage .
The Distributed Replicated Block Device ( DRBD ) patch , developed by Linbit , introduces duplicated block storage over the network with synchronous data replication .
If one of the storage nodes in the replicated environment fails , the system has another block device to rely on , and can safely failover .
In short , it can be considered as an implementation of RAID1 mirroring using a combination of a local disk and one on a remote node , but with better integration with cluster software such as heartbeat and efficient resynchronization with the ability to exchange dirty bitmaps and data generation identifiers .
DRBD currently works only on 2 - node clusters , though you could use a hybrid version to expand this limit .
When both nodes of the cluster are up , writes are replicated and sent to both the local disk and the other node .
For efficiency reasons , reads are fetched from the local disk .
The level of data coupling used depends on the protocol chosen :
Protocol A : Writes are considered to complete as soon as the local disk writes have completed , and the data packet has been placed in the send queue for the peers .
In case of a node failure , data loss may occur because the data to be written to remote node disk may still be in the send queue .
However , the data on the failover node is consistent , but not up - to - date .
This is usually used for geographically separated nodes .
: Writes are considered to complete as soon as the local disk writes have completed , and the data packet has been placed in the send queue for the peers .
In case of a node failure , data loss may occur because the data to be written to remote node disk may still be in the send queue .
However , the data on the failover node is consistent , but not up - to - date .
This is usually used for geographically separated nodes .
Protocol B : Writes on the primary node are considered to be complete as soon as the local disk write has completed and the replication packet has reached the peer node .
Data loss may occur in case of simultaneous failure of both participating nodes , because the in - flight data may not have been committed to disk .
: Writes on the primary node are considered to be complete as soon as the local disk write has completed and the replication packet has reached the peer node .
Data loss may occur in case of simultaneous failure of both participating nodes , because the in - flight data may not have been committed to disk .
Protocol C : Writes are considered complete only after both the local and the remote node 's disks have confirmed the writes are complete .
There is no data loss , so this is a popular schema for clustered nodes , but the I/O throughput is dependent on the network bandwidth .
DRBD classifies the cluster nodes as either " primary " or " secondary . "
Primary nodes can initiate modifications or writes whereas secondary nodes cannot .
This means that a secondary DRBD node does not provide any access and cannot be mounted .
Even read - only access is disallowed for cache coherency reasons .
The secondary node is present mainly to act as the failover device in case of an error .
The secondary node may become primary depending on the network configuration .
Role assignment and designation is performed by the cluster management software .
There are different ways in which a node may be designated as primary :
Single Primary :
The primary designation is given to one cluster member .
Since only one cluster member manipulates the data , this mode is useful with conventional filesystems such as ext3 or XFS .
: The primary designation is given to one cluster member .
Since only one cluster member manipulates the data , this mode is useful with conventional filesystems such as ext3 or XFS .
Dual Primary : Both cluster nodes can be primary and are allowed to modify the data .
This is typically used in cluster aware filesystems such as ocfs2 .
DRBD for the current release can support a maximum of two primary nodes in a basic cluster .
Worker Threads
A part of the communication between nodes is handled by threads to avoid deadlocks and complex design issues .
The threads used for communication are :
drbd_receiver : handles incoming packets .
On the secondary node , it allocates buffers , receives data blocks and issues write requests to the local disk .
If it receives a write barrier , it sleeps until all pending write requests have been finished .
drbd_sender : Sender thread for data blocks in response to a read request .
This is done in a thread other than drbd_receiver , to avoid distributed deadlocks .
If a resynchronization process is running , its packets are generated by this thread .
drbd_asender : Acknowledgment sender .
Hard drive drivers are informed of request completions through interrupts .
However , sending data over the network in an interrupt callback routine may block the handler .
So , the interrupt handler places the packet in a queue which is picked up by this thread and sent over the network .
Failures
DRBD requires a small reserve area for metadata , to handle post failure operations ( such as synchronization ) efficiently .
This area can be configured either on a separate device ( external metadata ) , or within the DRBD block device ( internal metadata ) .
It holds the metadata with respect to the disk including the activity log and the dirty bitmap ( described below ) .
Node Failures
If a secondary node dies , it does not affect the system as a whole because writes are not initiated by the secondary node .
If the failed node is primary , the data yet to be written to disk , but for which completions are not received , may get lost .
To avoid this , DRBD maintains an " activity log , " a reserved area on the local disk which contains information about write operations which have not completed .
The data is stored in extents and is maintained in a least recently used ( LRU ) list .
Each change of the activity log causes a meta data update ( single sector write ) .
The size of the activity log is configured by the user ; it is a tradeoff between minimizing updates to the meta data and the resynchronization time after the crash of a primary node .
DRBD maintains a " dirty bitmap " in case it has to run without a peer node or without a local disk .
It describes the pages which have been dirtied by the local node .
Writes to the on - disk dirty bitmap are minimized by the activity log .
Each time an extent is evicted from the activity log , the part of the bitmap associated with it which is no longer covered by the activity log is written to disk .
The dirty bitmaps are sent over the network to communicate which pages are dirty should a resynchronization become necessary .
Bitmaps are compressed ( using run-length encoding ) before sending on the network to reduce network overhead .
Since most of the of the bitmaps are sparse , it proves to be pretty effective .
DRBD synchronizes data once the crashed node comes back up , or in response to data inconsistencies caused by an interruption in the link .
Synchronization is performed in a linear order , by disk offset , in the same disk layout as the consistent node .
The rate of synchronization can be configured by the rate parameter in the DRBD configuration file .
Disk Failures
In case of local disk errors , the system may choose to deal with it in one of the following ways , depending on the configuration :
detach : Detach the node from the backing device and continue in diskless mode .
In this situation , the device on the peer node becomes the main disk .
This is the recommended configuration for high availability .
: Detach the node from the backing device and continue in diskless mode .
In this situation , the device on the peer node becomes the main disk .
This is the recommended configuration for high availability .
pass_on :
Pass the error to the upper layers on a primary node .
The disk error is ignored , but logged , when the node is secondary .
: Pass the error to the upper layers on a primary node .
The disk error is ignored , but logged , when the node is secondary .
call - local - io- error : Invokes a script .
This mode can be used to perform a failover to a " healthy " node , and automatically shift the primary designation to another node .
Data Inconsistency issues
In the dual - primary case , both nodes may write to the same disk sector , making the data inconsistent .
For writes at different offset , there is no synchronization required .
To avoid inconsistency issues , data packets over the network are numbered sequentially to identify the order of writes .
However , there are still some corner - case inconsistency problems the system can suffer from :
Simultaneous writes by both nodes at the same time .
In such a situation , one of the node 's writes are discarded .
One of the primary nodes is marked with the " discard - concurrent - writes " flag , which causes it to discard write requests from the other node when it detects simultaneous writes .
The node with discard - concurrent - writes flag set , sends a " discard ACK " to other nodes informing them that the write has been discarded .
The other node , on detecting the discard ACK , writes the data from first node to keep the drives consistent .
Local request while remote request in flight
This can happen when the disk latency exceeds the network latency .
The local node writes to a given block , sending the write operation to the other node .
The remote node then acknowledges the completion of the request and sends a new write of its own to the same block - all before the local write has completed .
In this case , the local node keeps the new data write request on hold until the local writes are complete .
Remote request while local request is still pending : this situation comes about if the network reorders packets , causing a remote write to a given block to arrive before the acknowledgment of a previous , locally - generated write .
Once again , the receiving node will simply hold the new data until the ACK is received .
Conclusion
DRBD is not the only distributed storage implementation under development .
The implementation of Distributed Storage ( DST ) contributed by Evgeniy Polyakov and accepted in staging tree takes a different approach .
DRBD is limited to 2 - node active clusters , while DST can have larger numbers of nodes .
DST works on client - server model , where the storage is at the server end , whereas DRBD is peer - to - peer based , and designed for high - availability as compared to distributing storage .
DST , on the other hand , is designed for accumulative storage , with storage nodes which can be added as needed .
DST has a pluggable module which accepts different algorithms for mapping the storage nodes into a cumulative storage .
The algorithm chosen can be mirroring which would serve the same basic capability of replicated storage as DRBD .
DRBD code is maintained in the git repository at git://git.drbd.org/linux-2.6-drbd.git , under the " drbd " branch .
It contains the minor review comments posted on LKML incorporated after the patchset was released by Philipp Reisner .
For further information , see the several PDF documents mention in the DRBD patch posting .
It ’s taken a while and spell check still hates the hell out of the title , but Inglourious Basterds has finally come up with another trailer for Tarantino ’s latest war epic .
The Weinsteins are releasing the picture and hopefully do n’t fall into bankruptcy before that time .
Actually , not sure many people actually like the Weinsteins and their notorious traits of holding movies ( cough … Fanboys ) and / or re-cutting foreign films ( Harvey Weinstein is reportedly attempting to cut out 40 minutes of this one too ) .
And no one wants to see anything that would make Inglourious Basterds a lesser film .
Check out the trailer and international poster below :
Please select a reciter from the dropdown below :
Select Reciter Abdus - Samad Abdul - Basit ( Mujawed ) Abdus - Samad Abdul - Basit ( Murattal ) Mishary Rashid al - Afasy Ahmed al - Ajmy Abdullah Basfar Salah Bukhatir Saad Said al - Ghamdi Mahmoud al - Husary Muhammed Jibreel Abdullah al - Johany Mohammed Siddiq al - Minshawi ( Mujawed ) Mohammed Siddiq al - Minshawi ( Murattal ) Tawfeeq As - Sayegh Abu Bakr al - Shatri Saud al - Shuraim Abdur - Rahman as - Sudais
Message from Billy [ Apr. 9th , 2009 | 03:39 pm ]
Billy Corgan Hello from sunny California , where I 'm currently working with some of my friends on new SP songs .
The mood here is relaxed , serene , and studious as my pals are helping me with some TLC to zero - in on the new direction that I 'm trying to take the music .
I 've made many , many mistakes through the years , and one of them is that I often rush headlong into my next album without really taking the time to reflect on what I 've just done , and test my resolve a little on where I 'm going .
One small detail that I think was beneficial to the band in the early years was we practiced a lot .
It was n't uncommon to have weeks where we practiced 30 + hours , which may not sound like a lot but at high volume this was very fatiguing , and of course exciting too .
Through all that playing you would easily come into contact with the emotional value of whether or not a song ' worked ' , so to speak .
Add to that another 20 - 30 hours per week at home writing music and lyrics , and you can see I was very immersed in that process of checking my ideas between head , home , heart , and practice .
Right now we are just focused on about 5 or 6 songs , using them to try out some new feels to try to find a consistent foundation upon which to build this large multimedia project I have in mind .
44 seems to be the magic # , so let 's say I 'm shooting for 44 songs on this one .
I 'll get to how I plan to release them later .
Because the work will be conceptual in nature planning it all out also I think will help keep me from losing my way in the evil forest .
I 'm going to step right into the heat of the matter now and address the infamous ' why ? ' question .
The why being ' why '
I have chosen to continue on under the Smashing Pumpkins banner considering I am the only remaining original member ?
The simple answer is that when I decided to write and record again under the name The Smashing Pumpkins in 2005 , I committed myself 100 pct. 100 pct of my mind - body - soul to come back and make the band really be great again , and I feel in tune to SP in a way I have n't felt in tune probably since 1995 or 1996 .
As they say in No Limit Poker , I 'm ' all in ' .
I 'm not going to back out of the challenge in front of me now .
I 'm absolutely exhilarated by what I see and feel the future to be for SP .
There is a difference in how I think and approach a body of work for the Pumpkins then say I would as a solo artist or under any other name .
Being the near lone songwriter for the Pumpkins has always made me want to put all the diverse harmonic fragments in my mind together , and it has been an incredible musical journey so far to keep trying to match up to the size of that idea .
I truly am not focused on where I 've been now as much as where I am going , and I have n't felt that way for a very long time .
I appreciate that for many fans , the public part of my musical journey has often been quite confusing .
I 've tried to explain many times in both public and private venues that it 's really not so different than a character on tv who embodies the role they are in .
I do n't think there is anything inauthentic about my play - acting within those created personas ( zero , the whyte spider , the sad guy , the vampyre , etc ) and acting them out on the grand stage in front of the glare of whoever cares .
That to me IS what rock and roll is about .
But many lack the sophistication to appreciate that just because I play a baby - faced killa upon the darkened stage that it does n't come close to who I really am .
I would point very gently to the diversity and complexity of my artistic work to give you some sense of who Billy Corgan really is ( that is a joking 3rd person by the way ) .
Part - alien , part - human , part - robot , part - star - crossed lover and part - mercury filled apparently if one was to read the songs in that way .
I am a sensitive soul and I make no apologies for that .
As Popeye said , ” I yam who I yam ” .
Or in my case maybe it ’s ” I am who I ai n’t . ”
I am at peace now with the idea that SP is worth bringing to life again and again , because the challenge of the band 's shadow has inspired some great work .
It 's also just a name , THE Smashing Pumpkins ( it just rolls off the tongue , do n't it ?? ) .
It ’s a dumb name , but I choose it cause I thought it was funny ( yes , funny in 1987 ha ha ) .
All that aside , what the band represents to me and obviously to so many fans SYMBOLICALLY is what is really important in my opinion moving forward .
I think the energy in the Pumpkins community is fantastic right now .
I love the diversity of opinion and perspective .
There is nothing to argue about there .
But at least there is something to argue over !
Meaning SP is substantive once again ; there are new songs , questionable decisions , abject failures , and unique triumphs to dissect over and over .
Enjoy !
I do plan on doing other things coming up though .
I have notions to start 2 other bands and also release some more solo work .
I would love to get into more details on those projects but I would like to secure the domain names first because I do n't want to have to fight to get them back later .
It ’s bad enough that I have someone posing as me on Twitter LOL ... the general idea is the work of the other groups and solo may intertwine with the SP album as far as a release schedule would go .
But I 'm all ready ahead of myself there .
So let 's get down to business and talk about what the plans are ahead .
First up is / are the drum tryouts on the 14th / April .
We 've received a staggering amount of submissions so far ( over 1,000 ! ) , so let me say to everyone who has submitted thank you and God Bless you for having the courage to throw your name out there .
The auditions on the 14th are just the first round of trying people out .
There is no ' hurry ' at the moment , as I 'm not quite ready to record yet , and it ’s possible I may need more than one drummer for what my plans are .
So for someone who may think they would never get a chance there is still time in the months ahead to keep trying .
I view it as a process to find the right person(s ) and it's important that the right consideration is given .
Jeff and I will be holding the first round of auditions , with me on bass ( lookout ! ) .
As I stated earlier in this post we 've just been rocking amongst friends , so for the moment Kerry Brown , my best man and co-producer is manning the skins .
The past few days we had Daxx Nielsen in to play on a few things , who is a great drummer himself .
Lord forbid I would want 44 different drummers on 44 different tracks , but I suppose anything is possible .
Ok , album plans : first off , I still plan on making an album .
I know this may contradict with what I 've said publicly but I think I just did n't state what I meant clearly .
I meant I do n't think I 'm going to make albums in the old - fashioned way , meaning 12 - 15 songs , etc in one small package .
My desire at this point would be to release one song at a time , over a period of 2 - 3 years , with it all adding up to a box set / album of sorts that would also include an art movie of the album .
( Sounds like a lot of work , do n't it ? ? )
My thinking is that if I focus on one song at a time I would approach them as beautiful , distinct paintings that would each require the attention they deserve .
This would also mean I would choose what I am recording quite carefully as there would be tremendous internal pressure to get it just right , and that is the kind of pressure I like , which is to make the most beautiful thing possible .
I 've gotten lost many times during the long haul of making a record and have overlooked some great songs because of that .
The new standard for an SP song would that it be excellent and fantastic and most importantly essential or it ’s not coming out .
I will do my best to meet that intention fully .
So soon I will announce ( hopefully ) that I 've begun the process , May being the most likely ' start ' date .
I will continue on from ' there ' until whatever date it all seems finished .
That would probably be marked by the release of the final artwork package and the movie .
So lots of details to be worked out as you can see .
I plan on the first actual song release coming in September .
For the new SP I do n't think I would be interested in a subscription model unless it was something where enough people wanted a daily access to the work ( in progress ) .
I guess we as a community could throw out how many people would be interested in that as an idea .
It would definitely have to be something that would be worth the effort on all sides .
Speaking of subscription models , I think Frank Quinto is doing a great job so far as Archive Czar keeping all of us in the loop on his progress .
I can say from my end right now the biggest hurdle is sorting out the business side with our former label EMI ( once Virgin ) .
As some of you know , there are currently 3 lawsuits ; the band is suing EMI , 2 of my former band mates are suing EMI , and EMI is suing me because of the ex-bandmember lawsuit .
Thankfully EMI has shown a willingness to try to sort this out and God willing it will be resolved soon .
My hope is to have access to all of the unreleased materials ( with the contractual rights clearly worked out ) so that I can set a plan in motion to get it all out over the next decade .
That would be the best way , but sometimes that is not the way it works out .
I do have all the Gish unreleased rights , but I do n't want to kick start that and by the time we get to Siamese have a whole legal mess on our hands and then have to stop our momentum .
It ’s all or nothing with the archives .
Those with a positive attitude can see that as a blessing because it means if stuff starts to come out it 's all coming out .
It is really important for me to re-state first and foremost that the band will remain now and forever about making new music .
This is where most of our energy over here belongs .
That does n't say or mean to say anything negative about the past .
In fact my posture on it is consistent with the original band vision , which was to always push forward .
I 'm not about to change that now .
That does n't mean we can't be smart and live in the world of 2009 and approach opportunities with a fresh mindset .
Together we can find the right balance .
Many of the old indie - world values that people throw about without context were BS back in the day , and I said so back then too .
I am no poster boy for alt - nation because alt - nation found its heroes elsewhere .
You can have those heroes now .
I am my own man from this day forward .
The day SP gets proper credit for what it got right is the day that this can be a different conversation about what I may or may not be entitled to .
The funny thing about being left out in the cold is you get used to the temperature .
I want to be quite candid here and say some things I do n't think I 've ever shared .
For many years I 've been really unhappy with the stupidity of the music business ( that 's no secret ! ) .
But now I am free from corporate meddling .
No contracts , no deadlines to meet , nothing but rainbows ha ha ...
My wish is that from this day forward this group will represent nothing but love and light .
If you see BC out there griping , it is only because I have failed to set the proper conditions to be in the love and light with you .
The fan is NOT responsible in any way , shape , or form for my happiness or the my ability to do my job .
( Nor have they ever been )
If I have given that impression to any of you through the years I am sorry about that .
That was an error on my part .
When a fan comes to an SP show we owe it to you to put on the best show possible , rain or shine .
I believe the days of standing on a stage somewhere in the world feeling torn about why I am up there are over .
SP will be about peace from this day forward as well .
The music WILL also reflect this shift in devotion and humble gratitude .
You shall see !
I would like to end by saying thank you to those who pray for me , and send me well wishes and support .
It means a lot to me that there are fans out there who see me as the humble human I truly am .
Public life is a brutal , weird game that I have chosen to play for my own convoluted reasons my OWN way .
I wish it was as simple as being about the trappings normally associated with fame !
If only life were so simple .
But it ai n ’t ... but that too shall change .
SP can and will represent a new kind of way of connecting my music with you in a way that leaves both parties feeling better for it .
You have my personal promise on that .
What You Need to Know :
There are various types of credit scores , and lenders use a variety of different types of credit scores to make lending decisions .
The credit score you receive is based on the VantageScore 3.0 model and may not be the credit score model used by your lender .
* Save on the regular monthly price for TransUnion Credit Monitoring on TransUnion.com .
There are three good rules - of - thumb to remember when following current events or studying history :
1 . No one in government ever takes responsibility for anything .
When has a politician or bureaucrat , except for Ron Paul , indicted some past governmental measure as causing or exacerbating a problem , and propose addressing that problem by calling for that measure ’s repeal ?
The answer , of course , is virtually never ; to the political class , every problem in society is caused by insufficient governmental oversight : if government can be blamed for anything , it can only be that it did n’t take away more of people ’s freedom sooner .
As Mises wrote , all governmental measures carry within them the seeds of future measures that will be " needed " to " fix " the problems the earlier measures caused or exacerbated .
( This is not to say that people in the voluntary , peaceful sector of society known as the market do n’t make mistakes ; of course they do .
The difference is , on the market , people can only make mistakes with their own money or the money that others voluntarily give to them ; and if they make too many mistakes , they go bankrupt , and their assets are sold to others who can put them to profitable use . )
We have seen this occur with the current financial crisis , which the political class and the mainstream media have repeatedly blamed largely on " deregulation " ( despite the fact that the financial industry is saddled with tens of thousands of regulations that no one person could possibly even read — much less comprehend — in one lifetime , and despite the fact that the sort of " deregulation " to which critics refer did not entail moving toward a free market , but rather entailed encouraging — or even requiring , such as with the Community Reinvestment Act — banks to engage in unsound business practices which they would be unlikely to undertake on their own , especially without further government distortions , such as the Fed acting as a lender of last resort ) ; " greed " ( which is always and everywhere a universal human trait , and which the market tends to direct into the source of virtually all human progress , and which could n’t have contributed the current downturn without the government ’s involvement ) ; " corruption " ( which the market punishes automatically , and which also could n’t exist as it did in the present downturn without the government ) ; etc .
In that vein , President Obama proposed last month to avert future crises by massively increasing the power of the Federal Reserve , the very existence of which is the root cause of the current crisis .
And , while Obama ’s action is a great example of our first rule - of - thumb , it also brings us to our second :
2. Fundamental questions about the legitimacy of governmental measures are not allowed in mainstream political discourse .
Regarding the financial crisis , the legitimacy of the very existence of the Fed is off the table ; few in the Establishment indict it at all , while those that do question only whether trivial changes should be made to its operations .
Meltdown
Dr. Thomas
Woods uses these rules - of - thumb to expose the emptiness of statists blaming the " free market " for the downturn in his latest book , Meltdown : A Free -Market Look at Why the Stock Market Crashed , the Economy Tanked , and Government Bailouts Will Make Things Worse , which spent 10 weeks on the New York Times Best - Seller List earlier this year .
End the Fed
End the Fed Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.12 Buy New $ 8.53 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
As Dr. Woods eloquently explains , the root cause of the economic downturn is the very existence of the Federal Reserve and its ability to create money and credit out of thin air , create false booms that should inevitably lead to busts — and then prolonging a crisis by trying to stop the necessary busts from occurring , encourage unsound banking practices , and set interest rates lower than they would evolve through voluntary exchange on the market .
Even leaving aside the obvious question of why more " regulation " would prevent future crises when the innumerable " regulations " we already have failed to stop this one , calls for more " regulation " completely miss the Fed as the root cause of the downturn , and are like the joke about rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic ; the underlying system is fundamentally unsound , and piling all the " regulation " in the world on top of it wo n’t change that .
A " free market ? "
More importantly , Dr. Woods also explains that blaming the crisis on the " free market " is absurd because our market is about as far from " free " as one could get , because an institution like the Federal Reserve would n’t even exist in a free market .
Nor , as Dr. Woods also explains , would other culprits of the onset or perpetuation of the downturn , like Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac or FDIC insurance of bank deposits exist in a free market .
In short , as Jeff Tucker commented earlier this year , when you “ take a market and beat it , tax it , regulate it , subsidize it , flood it with fake money , punish its performers and reward its losers , hobble its capital sector , strangle consumers , nationalize stuff at will , and erect every possible barrier to trade and cooperation , ” that can barely even be referred to accurately as a " market " — and it certainly is n’t a “ free ” one ; it is , by definition , severely hampered .
It ’s always fraudulent credit expansion
But , critics retort , did n’t the United States suffer economic downturns in the 19th Century , before the existence of the Fed ?
Yes .
But every significant pre-Fed downturn was the result , as Austrian Business Cycle Theory teaches , of massive , artificial credit expansion , followed by a bust .
" The pattern is so pervasive , " Dr. Woods asserts , " that only with serious effort could one fail to see it . "
The Panic of 1819 : Rea ... Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 1.27 Buy New $ 10.95 ( as of 07:45 EST - Details )
The Panic of 1819 followed the boom after the War of 1812 , which was financed by massive inflation ( printing of paper money beyond the specie held in reserve ) and credit expansion ( loaning more money than the specie held in reserve ) .
The Second Bank of the United States was chartered in 1816 to soften the inevitable bust by issuing paper money 100 % redeemable in specie ( precious metal coins of intrinsic value ) ; instead , it became an instrument of further inflation and credit expansion in its own right , extending the untenable boom and increasing the severity of the inevitable bust .
( This illustrates the point that , while real crimes such as fraud occur on the market , they would occur on their own on a much smaller scale ; government tends to institutionalize such behavior and turn its ill effects into national calamities . )
The Panic of 1857 was followed by a five - year boom based on substantial credit expansion , during which state governments had also backed railroad bonds , promising to make good on them if the railroad companies did not .
The Panic of 1873 followed railroad overexpansion , financed by credit expansion and government subsidies made possible by the National Banking Acts of 1863 and 1864 .
( The Panic of 1907 , which Dr. Woods does n’t discuss in Meltdown , was largely manufactured by the nation ’s more powerful bankers to whip up public support for a new central bank , leading to the creation of the Fed in 1913 .
Despite propaganda to the contrary , the Fed was n’t created by wise bureaucrats and politicians to " stabilize " the economy from the problems caused by the market ; it was designed , like most government regulations , by the ruling elite to give themselves power , profit levels , and competitive advantages they would be unable to attain on the market , through voluntary exchange — specifically , in the case of the creation of the Fed , to forcibly cartelize the banking industry , fund government expansion without overt increases in taxation , and to fraudulently inflate currency and credit without suffering the natural consequences that would arise on the market from such activity , like bank runs and failures .
As Murray Rothbard explained , lack of bank runs and failures should be cause for grave concern , not for celebration ; banks should be no less prone to failure than any other business . )
The 1920s
There are numerous myths about the boom of the 1920s and the ensuing Great Depression that refuse to die .
First , it ’s important to know that Warren Harding inherited a more severe recession in 1921 than did FDR in 1933 .
But most people have n’t heard of this recession because Harding followed the opposite of the Keynesian prescription : he cut spending and taxes dramatically , and allowed the correction to run its course .
In short order , prosperity was restored .
Second , that prosperity , which included genuine increases in production in the private sector , was also fueled by the Fed increasing the money supply by 55 % — largely through loans to businesses , rather than through currency expansion — from 1921 — 1929 .
With drastically increased production , consumer prices should have been falling ; the fact that they were constant throughout the decade was evidence at the time of the Fed ’s manipulation .
Austrian theory holds that such a false , inflationary boom will artificially stimulate capital - goods industries like real - estate ; and , since a company ’s stock price represents the perceived value of its capital , it will also create a stock market bubble .
The Creature from Jeky ... G. Edward Griffin Best Price : $ 3.98 Buy New $ 18.29 ( as of 11:35 EST - Details )
But that was lost on ( or lied about by ) Establishment economists like Irving Fisher , who is still well regarded in the mainstream today , who said in Sept. 1929 — less than two months before the stock market crash — that , " There may be a recession in stock prices , but not anything in the nature of a crash .
This is not due to receding prices for stocks , and will not be hastened by any anticipated crash , the possibility of which I fail to see . "
In Oct. 1929 — days before the crash —
Fisher said that stocks had reached a " permanently high plateau , " and that he expected to see the stock market " a good deal higher than it is today within a few months . "
In contrast , Austrian economist Ludwig Von Mises said at the time of the situation in the United States , " It is clear that the crisis must come sooner or later . . .
The only way to do away with , or even to alleviate , the periodic return of the trade cycle — with its denouncement , the crisis — is to reject the fallacy that prosperity can be produced by using banking procedures to make credit cheap . "
Third , contrary to popular myth , Hoover did not let the market correct itself , which statists describe as sitting back and doing nothing while the Great Depression ravaged the country .
If only he had .
Instead , Hoover intervened in the economy to an extent that no previous peacetime president ever had , explicitly denouncing laissez - faire as a thing of the past and launching public works projects , raising taxes , extending emergency loans to failing companies , impeding international trade , lending money to states for relief programs , and attempting to prop up wages when consumer prices were falling .
Shockingly , the downturn dragged on .
Sound familiar ?
And he certainly did n’t heed Mises ’ wise counsel and identify the Fed as the culprit of the crisis and agitate for its abolition .
In the 1932 presidential campaign , Franklin Roosevelt denounced Hoover for having presided over " the greatest spending administration in peacetime in all of history , " and for believing " that we ought to center control of everything in Washington as rapidly as possible . "
In the same campaign , FDR ’s running - mate , John Nance Garner , said that Hoover was " leading the country down the path to socialism "
As everyone knows , FDR won the election , and his actions in office belied his words during the campaign .
But most people do n’t know that , as we ’ve seen , his policies were n’t a departure from those of Hoover ; they were an extension of them .
FDR mistakenly thought falling prices were a cause , rather than a symptom , of the depression .
So he attempted to restore prosperity by keeping prices high .
At a time when people were going hungry , he had existing crops destroyed and imposed acreage reduction requirements on farmers .
He encouraged certain industries to organize themselves into cartels that could impose restrictions on free economic activity .
He raised taxes still more , expanded public works spending , and established federal welfare programs .
The effect of these policies was to prevent the necessary correction , prop up unsound businesses , divert capital from the private sector into uneconomic public works projects , and prevent resources from being reallocated to reflect consumer desires through the free movement of prices and wages .
Some Keynesians argue that the depression was so severe because the money supply was too low .
But , as Dr. Woods explains , the money supply decreased in roughly the same proportions in the downturn of 1839 — 1843 as they did in 1929 — 1933 .
But , in the former case , the government allowed prices to fall freely , and consumption increased by 21 % and the real GNP grew by 16 % during those years ( investment fell by 23 % , but it should be expected to fall during a correction ) .
By contrast , the latter period saw declines of 19 % in consumption , 30 % in GNP , and 91 % in investment .
More often , Keynesians and other statists invoke our second rule - of - thumb , to this day explaining away FDR ’s failures as the fault of too little public spending : if only more resources had been seized from the productive economy and diverted into uneconomic public works projects , prosperity could have been restored .
Along that line , such people also say to this day that the Great Depression was ended by the massive public works project known as WWII .
It ’s true that about 30 % of the pre-war labor force was drafted into the military , but that ’s like " curing " unemployment by lining up unemployed people in front of a firing squad .
And roughly 40 % of the national output was diverted to the war machine , with much of the rest under various controls that also had ripple effects throughout the rest of the economy ; those lucky enough to avoid conscription had their consumer choices severely limited , and the products that were available were under heavy rationing .
No one with any sense could think this describes a period of prosperity , although fishy government statistics supposedly show otherwise — they also show that there was an economic downturn in 1946 .
Kreskin They Ain’t
So if this is all true , then why are so many Establishment politicians , bureaucrats , intellectuals and media people calling for the idiocy of the Great Depression to be repeated , that we need a " new New Deal ? "
More importantly , why does the media give so much attention to such cranks who advocate repeating policies that history demonstrably shows to be disastrous — and who have personally been demonstrably wrong in the past , like Paul Krugman ( who , among other things , called in 2001 for the government to create a housing bubble to help the economy " recover " from the recently busted dot - com bubble ) , Barney Frank ( who said in 2003 that Fannie and Freddie were " not facing any kind of financial crisis . . .
The more people exaggerate these problems , the more pressure there is on these companies , the less we will see in terms of affordable housing , " ) and Henry Paulson ( who warned of an imminent second Great Depression if Congress did n’t pass the $ 700 billion " rescue plan " last year , and who said it would be used to buy bad assets from banks , but then abandoned the plan once the bill was passed — and admitted that he knew from the beginning that it was n’t the right thing to do , and then said that consumer credit needing propping up , as if people living beyond their means — which the market was trying to stop — was the basis for a sound economy , or was tenable long term ) ?
And why does the media tend to ignore the work of Austrian school economists like Ludwig von Mises , F.A. Hayek ( who won the Nobel Prize in economics in 1974 for explaining how governments create the boom - and - bust cycle by attempting to create shortcuts to prosperity through their central banks ) and Murray Rothbard , who predicted busts like this , or its proponents , like Ron Paul , who specifically predicted this bust years ago ?
The answer brings us to our third rule - of - thumb , which is an extension of the second :
3 . People generally rise to — and maintain — high places in politics , academia , and the media by dutifully perpetuating the power elite ’s system .
Government regulations and agencies are generally created to give the power elite benefits that they would be unable to attain on the market , through voluntary exchange — like higher income and profit levels , monopolies , cartels , and other protections from free competition .
But most people would n’t support that system if they understood its real purpose — to erode their standard of living for the benefit of their masters — which is why they ’re brainwashed through twelve years of government schooling to believe that the system is for their protection .
But that brainwashing needs constant reinforcement , so opinion makers in the media and academia are needed to espouse the glories of the elite ’s system , and to dismiss as crackpots anyone who questions it ( although , in fairness , most are probably also government school graduates , so many of them may not be consciously aware of what they ’re doing , and the sharp ones who fall through the cracks quickly learn not to cause trouble and ask the wrong questions , especially if they ’re ambitious ) .
Politicians and bureaucrats toe the line not only for career advancement , but also because to do otherwise would totally undermine the justification of the coercive power they presume to hold over others .
This all means that with any news about government that comes from anyone in government , from TV news , major newspapers , " respectable " websites , etc , it ’s generally safe to assume that it ’s the opposite of the truth .
Meltdown : A Free - Marke ...
Thomas E. Woods Best Price : $ 0.25 Buy New $ 20.00 ( as of 02:20 EST - Details )
The Solution
In conclusion , a free market would n’t be perfect , because people are n’t perfect ; the world is n’t perfect : businesspeople sometimes make honest mistakes , and they sometimes commit deliberate fraud .
But a free market would solve all problems , including economic crises , as well as they can be solved in an imperfect world .
Liquidation of business mistakes would be allowed to occur ; this would entail unpleasant downturns — but they would be brief , and they would tend to be company - specific , industry - specific , and local .
And sometimes individual banks would engage in fraudulent currency or credit expansion beyond specie .
But free competition in banking would discourage such practices — including the fear that exposure of the fraud would cause a bank run , meaning losing customers to more honest and prudent banks , and the fraudulent bank going out of business — as it should .
And , without a false security blanket from the government , people would tend to mitigate the threat by spreading their assets among numerous banks .
Instead , the government has " protected " us from the ravages of the free market by deepening and perpetuating necessary economic downturns , forcing us all at gunpoint to perpetually have our standard of living eroded by inflation , and turning both phenomena into national calamities .
To understand all of this in more depth , read Meltdown .
Then you ’ll have all of the intellectual ammunition you ’ll need to explain why the current economic crisis is not the fault of the " free market . "
The Best of Johnny Kramer
Advertisements
How weak is the GOP criticism of Obama ’s speech ?
The best criticism that former Bush press secretary Ari Fleischer could off of President Obama ’s Cairo speech today was that it was too balanced .
While Rush Limbaugh was left to babble about how Obama offered the Muslim version of ACORN and Rev. Wright .
Fleischer told CBS
News , “ I thought it was a great speech – on paper .
The problem is reality .
Bottom line — the speech was balanced and that was what was wrong with it .
American policy should not be balanced .
It should side with those who fight terror . ”
The former Bush press secretary thought that the speech should have been more pro-Israel , “ In part , it was similar to Bush ’s constant message that both sides had obligations to fulfill .
But Bush always leaned – privately and publicly – in Israel ’s direction because they were being hit with terror attacks .
Obama really wants to be in the middle .
Bush took sides and was sometimes blunt about it . ”
Meanwhile Rush Limbaugh was left with nothing but a recycling of the old ACORN and Rev. Wright attacks .
Rush characterized Obama ’s call for interaction with Muslims as a call for a Muslim ACORN and a Muslim Rev. Wright .
Advertisements
Here is the audio from Media Matters :
The best shot that Republicans can take at Obama was that the speech was too balanced ?
Is n’t balance a good thing ?
People who complain about this speech just do n’t get it .
The speech was about taking the first step towards changing the tone and perception of the United States in the Muslim world .
The idea here is to change the good guy versus bad guy framework that defined the Bush foreign policy .
Fleischer is still trying to frame all Muslims as terrorists , which is the problem with Bush model .
Not all Muslims are terrorists .
In fact the best way to combat extremism is not to go it alone , or to try to bully and bribe the Muslim world , but to build relationships to fight against extremists and terrorists .
Obama ’s policy reminds me of the Clinton policy , which was the closest that the world has come to peace in the region .
The Bush policy was a complete and total failure that hurt American relations with the Muslim world .
If the Bush policy fueled extremism , the speech today was Obama ’s attempt to cut the fuel line .
RSS
think
HK
course
right
Zombie Hello Kitty - excellent !
Yes , that 's really supposed to be Hello Kitty .
Wow .
Hey Ayana W. , Holly U. , Kelly H. , and Matthew Z. , what do you get when you combine Hello Kitty & Darth Vader ?
Answer : Something that horrifies every Star Wars fan in existence :
Everyone can relax ; it 's HK insanity , though , check out ( Look at these water bottles and tell me they 're not just the cutest - go on . )
Everyone can relax ; it 's Photoshopped .
For legitimateinsanity , though , check out Hello Kitty Hell .
It 's funny stuff , although I 'd be lying if I said I did n't think a lot of the stuff on there is adorable .
Community : One of the promises of Open Source .
We 're seeing the positive effects as a community of visual effects and animation professionals come together to solve problems more effectively today than ever before .
This idea of giving stuff away is catching on and our industry is benefiting .
Our projects are seeing great adoption .
Alembic , one of our most ambitious collaborations to date , is supported by most major 3d applications .
OpenColorIO has also been widely adopted and is helping to simplify color pipelines in tools across our industry .
Open Shading Language can be found in V - Ray , Autodesk Beast , Blender Cycles and other products coming soon .
We 're excited .
Please take a moment to check out these and our other open source offerings .
They are provided with familiar , non-restrictive open source licenses and are already in use in studios around the world .
These tools have already helped Sony Pictures Imageworks put films on the screen with greater ease , and we hope they can do the same for you .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
University teams battled it out to become underwater robot champions at an event this week .
It was held at Europe 's largest freshwater tank in Gosport , Hampshire - a facility normally used by the Ministry of Defence for ship and submarine trials .
NEW YORK �( CNNMoney.com ) --
Stocks rallied Monday , sending the Dow Jones industrial average near the breakeven point for the year , as better - than - expected readings on manufacturing activity raised hopes that a global economic recovery is brewing .
The Dow Jones industrial average ( INDU ) surged 221 points , or 2.6 % , to close at 8,721.44 points .
The bluechip average is within 55 points of breaking even for the year .
The broader S&P 500 ( SPX ) rose 24 points , or 2.6 % , to about 943 points - its highest level of the year .
The Nasdaq composite ( COMP ) jumped 54 points , or 3 % .
The rally was broad based , with industrial and technology stocks leading the pack .
Boeing ( BA , Fortune 500 ) rose 6.5 % and United Technologies Corp. ( UTC ) gained 5.3 % .
Shares of energy producers Exxon Mobil ( XOM , Fortune 500 ) and Chevron ( CVX , Fortune 500 ) rose as oil topped $ 68 a barrel .
As stocks advanced , demand for safe - haven assets evaporated .
The yield on the benchmark 10 - year note rose to 3.7 % as its price fell sharply .
Stocks opened higher as investors looked past an official declaration of bankruptcy by General Motors , which had been widely expected .
The rally gained steam after an industry report showed U.S. manufacturing activity shrank at a slower pace last month .
" Today 's data were better than expected , both here and abroad , " said Phil Orlando , chief equity market strategist at Federated Investors .
The recession has " reached its nadir " and the improved economic outlook has helped " draw some cash off the sidelines , " he said .
Wall Street rallied Friday , with the major indexes ending May in positive territory .
That marked the third consecutive month that stocks have risen , though May 's gains were smaller than those posted in the previous two months .
Looking ahead , automakers report monthly sales figures Tuesday .
And investors are already bracing for the government 's closely - watched jobs report due Friday .
Economy :
The manufacturing sector contracted in May , but the pace of deterioration was slower than expected , according to an industry report .
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of national factory activity rose to 42.8 from 40.1 in April .
Economists had expected the index to increase to 42 , according to a survey by Briefing.com .
A reading below 50 in the index indicates the manufacturing sector is contracting .
But May 's gain puts the index over the tipping point that suggests expansion in the overall economy .
A reading above 41.2 % , over a period of time , is generally consistent with growth in gross domestic product .
Meanwhile , two separate reports showed manufacturing activity in China expanded last month .
A measure of India 's manufacturing sector rose to its highest level in eight months .
European manufacturing activity shrank at a slower pace in May , with a euro zone purchasing managers index marking its biggest monthly jump on record .
In the United States , construction spending unexpectedly rose 0.8 % in April , its biggest increase in eight months , the Commerce Department reported .
Analysts had forecast spending to fall 0.8 % .
Separately , personal income rose 0.5 % in April , the biggest increase in 11 months , the government reported Monday .
But consumer spending dropped 0.1 % .
Dow changes : Two Dow components , General Motors and Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) , will be officially removed from the average June 8 , Dow Jones announced Monday .
Travelers Companies ( TRV , Fortune 500 ) will take the place of Citi ; Cisco Systems ( CSCO , Fortune 500 ) will fill GM 's slot on the Dow .
" I think getting some of the dogs out of the Dow is helping [ to ] feed the psychology , " said Nick Kalivas , vice president of financial research at MF Global .
But Monday 's manufacturing reports were the main driver of the rally , he added .
Autos : GM ( GM , Fortune 500 ) filed for bankruptcy protection Monday in a move aimed at helping the once - mighty automaker emerge with only its more profitable plants , brands , dealerships and contracts .
GM 's stock rose 18 % earlier in the session .
Analysts said the rally was related to short selling , a strategy that allows investors to sell stock they do n't yet own and then buy it later when the price falls .
On Monday investors were buying back shares to cover their short positions , driving up the price .
Shares closed 8 % higher .
GM stock will begin trading on the " Pink Sheets " on Tuesday morning , said Cromwell Coulson , CEO of Pink OTC Markets Inc .
Pink sheets allow for trading in certain stocks that are not listed on an exchange or the Nasdaq .
GM 's bankruptcy filing occurred just hours after a U.S. Bankruptcy Court judge in New York approved Chrysler 's sale of most of its assets to Italian carmaker Fiat .
Bonds :
Treasury prices fell , with the yield on the benchmark 10 - year note rising to 3.71 % from 3.46 % Friday .
Bond prices and yields move in opposite directions .
Other markets : Asian stocks soared , with Japan 's Nikkei adding 1.6 % .
European markets rallied , with shares gaining between 2 % and 4 % .
In currency trading , the dollar fell against the euro and the British pound .
It rose against the Japanese yen .
NYMEX oil for July delivery rose by $ 2.27 a barrel to settle at $ 68.58 .
COMEX gold for August delivery fell 30 cents to close at $ 980 an ounce .
LAGOS , Nigeria ( CNN ) --
More than 400 people have been killed in a spate of violence in northern Nigeria , the president of a human rights group said Tuesday .
More than 150 alleged militants were arrested by Nigerian police after clashes .
The violence has pitted Islamic militants against government police and troops in the north - central part of the nation , officials said .
Attacks continued Tuesday in the suburbs of the northern city of Maiduguri , said Shehu Sani , president of the Civil Rights Congress , a human rights organization based in northern Nigeria .
People there are seeking refuge in police and military barracks and in hospitals , he said .
Police and troops were dispatched to the militants ' hideouts after they began attacks on government establishments Sunday , said police spokesman Moses Anegbode .
As authorities exchanged fire with the militants , 41 people , including a soldier and a policeman , were killed , Anegbode said Monday .
In addition , some 176 people were arrested in Bauchi , he said .
Besides Bauchi , militants also staged attacks on the nearby states of Yobe and Borno on Sunday and Monday , said Emmanuel Ojukwu , spokesman for the national police .
Yobe 's police commissioner , Alhaji Muhammed Abbas , said that 23 suspected militants were arrested in connection with a bomb attack at a police station in Potiskum that killed a policeman and a civilian and wounded seven people .
Do n't Miss Nigerian police accused over riot deaths
The official News Agency of Nigeria reported that as many as 100 members of a religious sect led by Sheikh Mohammed Yusuf may have been killed in a confrontation with police .
In Borno , police spokesman Isa Azare said that two policemen were killed in an attack on police headquarters late Monday .
" The religious fanatics took the police unawares , " Azare told the government - affiliated New Nigerian newspaper .
" That was why they succeeded in killing all the officers on night duty . "
Panicked residents stayed inside in all three states , and businesses shut down , even though officials said the situation was under control .
The militants used guns , bows and arrows and machetes in the attacks , officials said .
The militants disagree with the government 's teaching of Islam in the region , maintaining that the government allows itself to be influenced by Western values , and have been attacking government offices and Islamic clergy .
There is a history of religious violence in central Nigeria , where majority - Muslim north Africa meets largely Christian sub -Saharan Africa .
Human Rights
Watch estimates that more than 1,000 people were killed in riots in 2001 .
The human rights organization alleged last week that police and soldiers killed at least 133 people during two days of riots between Muslims and Christians in Nigeria last year .
Most of the victims were young Muslim men , often unarmed , the group charged in testimony before a state commission examining the riots and in a separate report .
More than 700 people died in the violence , the organization said , citing local religious authorities on both sides of the divide .
CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .
The MacBook and MacBook Pro are stunning examples of minimalist design .
Their sleek lines , simple shapes , and uncomplicated designs are pinnacles of modern beauty .
But let ’s face it : they pretty much all look the same .
Whether you have a basic 13 ″ MacBook , a MacBook Pro , or a MacBook Air , they ’re all silver , they ’ve all got a very similar shape ( even though the Air is significantly thinner than its counterparts ) , and while they ’re never boring , they can sometimes be a bit “ blah . ”
The beauty of the MacBooks though , is that they make the perfect blank canvas for customization .
Whether you want to just carry it around in a spiffy sleeve or bag , or commit a bit more with a skin or sleeve , there ’s something out there available no matter what your taste or personality .
Below you ’ll find 80 different skins , sleeves , decals and cases to customize your MacBook and make it reflect who you are .
Most of the companies featured have additional products available on their websites .
SeeThru Case from Speck for 13 ″ Aluminum MacBook , $ 49.95
Original AppleSac from ColcaSac , $ 29.99 for any size
Brown Denim Sleeve for 13 ″ MacBook by fernfiddlehead on Etsy , $ 32.00
Gray Felt Sleeve by FILEMILE on Etsy , $ 55.00
Sumo Orange Nylon Sleeve for 13 ″ MacBook , $ 34.99
Samonite ’s Aramon Sleeve for 13 ″ MacBook , $ 29.99
Knomo’s Yellow Slim Sleeve for 13 ″ MacBook , $ 49.99
Antenna ’s Classics Croc Matte Sleeve for 15 ″ MacBook Pro , $ 42.99
Olive Green Knit Sleeve by blackeyedsheep on Etsy , $ 29.00
Rainbow Knit Sleeve for 13 ″ MacBook by martice on Etsy , $ 28.00
The Peony Lace AppleSac from ColcaSac , $ 29.99 for any size
Big Trees Bag for 17 ″ MacBook Pro by TrackandFieldDesigns on Etsy , $ 48.00
News Print Fabric Sleeve for MacBook Air by Italiacraft on Etsy , $ 59.00
Beige Print Sleeve by sherrybags on Etsy , $ 16.00
IKEA Birds Print Sleeve with Strap and Pockets by annyandme on Etsy , $ 53.00
Rathbone Vintage Plaid iSockit Case by blytheking on Etsy , $ 45.00
Forest Messenger Style Bag by TrackandFieldDesigns on Etsy , $ 64.00
Mendocino Mermaids Sleeve for 13 ″ MacBook by Lollington on Etsy , $ 37.95
Designer Sleeves ’ IOM MacBook Air Sleeve , $ 39.95
Built NY ’s French Bull Sleeve for 13 ″ MacBook , $ 45.99
LeSportsac ’s Big Sleeve for 17 ″ MacBook Pro , $ 38.00
Built NY ’s Bumper Pattern Sleeve for 15 ″ MacBook Pro , $ 39.99
Recycled Coffee Sack Burlap Sleeve for 13 ″ MacBook by pippiberyl on Etsy , $ 25.00
I Just Need To Be Held Eco Sleeve by curiousdoodles on Etsy , $ 70.00
Vintage Leather Sleeve for 15 ″ MacBook Pro by meeri23 on Etsy , $ 64.95
Greensleeves Sleeve for 13 ″ MacBook by thinkgreensleeves , $ 44.95
Laptop Sweater Sleeve for 13 ″ MacBook or MacBook
Air by sogrey on Etsy , $ 20.00
Custom Upcycled Coffee Bag Laptop Bag by labudde on Etsy , $ 50.00
Handmade Leather and Rosewood Limited Edition Sleeve for 15 ″ MacBook Pro by PalmerAndSons on Etsy , $ 300.00
Goonie - Goo-Goo
Sleeve by brokesy on Etsy , $ 85.00
Thick Felt Sleeve for 17 ″ MacBook Pro by MacCover on Etsy , $ 75.00
Lap Sack ’s South Padre Wide Zip Portfolio for 13 ″ MacBook , $ 155.00
Kena Kai’s Inter - Departmental Mail Italian Leather Sleeve for 13 ″ MacBook , $ 80.00
MacCase ’s Premium Leather Sleeve for 13 ″ MacBook , $ 99.95
Kena Kai’s Lizard Metallic Print Sleeve for 13 ″ MacBook , $ 149.99
Kena Kai’s Ostrich Print Sleeve for 13 ″ MacBook , $ 149.99
Casauri ’s Citra Evelope Sleeve for 17 ″ MacBook Pro , $ 75.00
Colin Thompson ’s Blue Willow , $ 29.95 for 15 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Heather Haynes ’s Rooted In Earth , $ 29.95 for 15 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Simon Oxley ’s Contortionist , $ 29.95 for 15 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Kandinsky ’s Farbstudie Quadrate , $ 29.95 for 15 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Lawrence Yang ’s Depths , $ 29.95 for 13 ″ MacBook Skin
Jeremiah Ketner ’s Peeking Under Leafs , $ 29.95 for 17 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Alberto Cerriteno ’s The Enamored Owl , $ 29.95 for 13 ″ MacBook Skin
Colin Johnson ’s My Pop , $ 29.95 for 15 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Blue Blocks , $ 19.99 for any size skin
MARS - 1’s Homemade Universe , $ 29.95 for 17 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
DAIM ’s Lady Lion , $ 29.95 for 15 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
DAIM ’s Red Metal , $ 29.95 for 15 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Si Scott ’s Swan , $ 29.95 for 15 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Catalina Estrada ’s Gold Flowers , $ 29.95 for 17 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Aya Kato ’s Kobe , $ 29.95 for 15 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Bamboo MacTatt , $ 29.95 for any size skin
Rays MacTatt , $ 24.95 for any size skin
Stars and Flies , $ 19.99 for any size skin
Maple Leaves , $ 19.99 for any size skin
Keep Calm and Carry On , $ 19.99 for any size skin
Peace Dove , $ 19.99 for any size skin
Eye Chart I Read Your Email , $ 19.99 for any size skin
Fictional Underground , $ 19.99 for any size skin
Philip Straub ’s Sosheskaz Falls , $ 29.95 for 17 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Nathan Ota ’s Robo , $ 29.95 for 17 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Lyle Owerko ’s Boombox , $ 29.95 for 15 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Colin Thompson ’s Underworld , $ 29.95 for 17 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Derek Prospero’s Motherboard , $ 29.95 for 17 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Colin Thompson ’s Steampunk , $ 29.95 for 17 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Golfer , $ 29.95 for 15 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
O Canada , $ 29.95 for 15 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Stars and Stripes , $ 29.95 for 15 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Union Jack , $ 29.95 for 15 ″ MacBook Pro Skin
Walnut , $ 35.00 for 13 ″ or 15 ″ Skin
Cork , $ 35.00 for 13 ″ or 15 ″ Skin
Vine Flouris Decal from Scribble on Walls , $ 12.00
Dandelion Blowing in the Wind Decal by lewasdesigns on Etsy , $ 7.50
Animal Footprints Decal by DesignsbyCat on Etsy , $ 10.00
Dude Decal from Scribble on Walls , $ 12.00
Son of Mac Decal by artwallproject on Etsy , $ 9.00
Laptop Invaders Decal by vinylwalldesign on Etsy , $ 15.00
Scrolls Decal by michellechristina on Etsy , $ 13.00
Fantasy Decal by post on Etsy , $ 13.90
Do you customize your MacBook ?
Which ones are your favorites ?
We ’d love to hear from you !
Oh Brando !
Junky plastic spy gear and novelty toys flow from your throat like a stream of Sky Mall regurgitation .
Once in a while , though , a gem can be panned from the dirty silt of your catalog .
And one of those times is now .
Brando ’s six - in - one flash set is distinguished by two things .
One , every component appears to be useful and two , it ’s cheap .
$ 88 for a box of translucent plastic parts might not sound cheap to you but in the world of photo accessories it is a steal .
You get the standard light modifiers : a circular honeycomb grid , a softbox , a set of barn - doors and a neat , extendible conical snoot .
You also get the more unusual globe diffusor , which looks just like a lightbulb and should aid in getting the go - everywhere “ bare bulb ” look , a beauty dish ( called a mini- reflector , here ) and the odd plastic flash adapter , which itself looks like it could give a nice strong central beam with soft edges .
The adapter is supplied in different sizes and will even fit the monster Nikon SB900 and Vivitar 285HV strobes .
The only problem will come if this is just too thin and plasticky to last .
Other than that , it looks like a sound addition to any strobist ’s kit .
Product page [ Brando via Oh Gizmo ! ]
White House Economist Austan Goolsbee Answers Your Questions
Two weeks ago , we solicited your questions for White House economist Austan Goolsbee .
You will find his answers below .
Among the highlights : no , the Obama administration is not socialist ; and no , Goolsbee will not be trapped into telling you whether he ’d buy an American car .
Thanks for the good questions and thanks especially to Goolsbee for the interesting answers .
The Obama administration has tightened its control of the domestic financial industry , the domestic automobile industry , the tobacco industry , and is gearing up to do the same with the healthcare industry .
Why do you and the president believe that centralized control of the economy will be productive ?
What makes the administration think that it will be any better at it than every other country that has done this ?
— DaveyNC
Whoa , Davey .
The president and the administration firmly believe in the importance of a well - functioning private sector .
We are dealing with these historic messes because they were the messes that were on fire when we got here .
We are not “ tightening our control ” of these industries in order to convert them to centralized socialism , impose mind - control , or any other such thing .
Our first task was to prevent the worst financial crisis and worst recession since the depression from becoming the next Great Depression .
I am from the University of Chicago .
You are not going to find anybody more opposed to socialism or corporate welfare than me .
But truly , do you really think that stronger oversight of financial markets is anti-business ?
The loss of public trust in financial institutions undermined the market system and created the biggest crisis in 75 years .
How is your investment portfolio allocated ?
— VB
To the extent it exists , basically index funds , money markets , and our house .
Do you think raising taxes on the wealthiest taxpayers can stifle economic growth ?
Why or why not ? — Chris Lawnsby
In the abstract ?
If tax rates are too high , yes .
But as you probably know , the United States has experienced rapid growth even in periods where the top marginal rate was much higher than it is today and growth has been measly over the last eight years despite major cuts in the top rates .
So at the least , tax rates on the wealthiest Americans in the country are not the primary thing driving growth .
In Obama ’s budget specifically , the top rates would go back to where they were in the 1990 ’s ( when growth was quite respectable ) ; it would invest in education and the health system and cut taxes for 95 percent of workers in the country .
I do n’t see that stifling growth at all .
What do you think will drive our economy in the next 15 to 20 years ?
— RC
The skills and education of our people and technological innovation .
Those are the key investments we can’t forget about .
I do n’t know what the industries of the future will be , though .
When our first kid was about a month old , we visited my wife ’s 90 - year - old grandma , Betty , in New Jersey .
While we videotaped her holding the baby , I asked what she thought her great - granddaughter would be when she grew up .
She predicted “ something that has n’t even been invented . ”
I doubt she based it on a reading of economic history , but the data bear her out .
According to the Wall Street Journal , the U.S. government decided to give G.M. ’s secured creditors 29 cents on the dollar when secured creditors are supposed to get paid off first .
If you ’re trying to get credit markets up and running is n’t this sort of behavior counterproductive ?
After all , if secured creditors can expect that the government might decide on a whim to take money to which they are entitled , that will discourage lending .
— Alan Forrester
I think you mean Chrysler ( secured creditors got fully paid in the G.M. case ) .
But regardless , be careful with your claim .
This was n’t on a whim and it is n’t out of the ordinary in a reorganization .
When a company goes into bankruptcy and tries to restructure , critical suppliers often get moved up in the payment line ( in the case of Chrysler , warranty holders and suppliers , for example , were made whole despite being unsecured creditors because forcing them to take losses would have threatened to drive away customers or exterminate key suppliers , either of which would have endangered the restructured company ) .
Secured creditors in a bankruptcy like this will get at least what they would have gotten in the event of a liquidation .
And in this case , 29 cents on the dollar was better than what they would have gotten .
I do not think this has a negative impact on lending going forward because everyone knows the rules of how things work in bankruptcy reorganizations , especially these days when lots of folks who made secured loans to pretty iffy organizations will have to take haircuts .
If secured creditors know that in the event of a restructuring they will get even more than they could get from liquidating everything , they should not be upset ( beyond being upset that they lent money in the first place to a company that went bankrupt ) .
Do you feel behavioral economics is a new paradigm in economics or a tweak on standard models ?
Following Ian Ayres ‘s request for a “ richer list of specific applications ” on blog in Jan. ‘ 09 , are there any applications making their way into policy ?
— Mark C. Foley
Mark , I guess between the two it ’s closer to a new paradigm than a tweak , but I am pretty partial to the old paradigm , too , so I would n’t go too far in pronouncing it obsolete .
In my view , behavioral economics has given us some key insights into certain problems and certain types of people ’s behavior .
It has given us some interesting insights .
But it does n’t replace old - style economics .
Policy areas where behavioral economics has informed things recently include savings policy , financial aid simplification , tax simplification for individuals , credit card regulation and ways to get stimulus money out efficiently ( off the top of my head ) .
From a behavioral economic point of view , thinking ( very ) long term , to overcome the debt - buying culture that many Americans have grown up in — what cultural - change initiatives might we create to give Americans more confidence in their individual futures , so that we do n’t feel the need to resort to credit to have the nice things we want ?
— Eric Patrick Marr
Eesh .
I am no expert on cultural changes .
My answers usually begin with : “ change the incentives . ”
Do n’t forget that credit is not automatically bad ; smoothing our consumption over our lifespans is one of the goals economists have for functioning credit markets .
I agree with your question , though , for people who have gotten themselves into unsustainable debts that exceed their ability to repay or where their incomes do n’t keep up .
And also that for some suppliers of credit , they rather clearly premised their business models on exploiting consumers ’ lack of understanding of the details and fees , etc .
So a three - part policy to help this might include 1 ) strengthening the incentives for savings and behavioral / default enrollment programs for people prone to save little ; 2 ) a macro-economic policy that invests in getting the incomes of ordinary Americans growing again ; and 3 ) implementing sensible credit card and other consumer finance reform to explain deceptive practices and keep consumers out of the kinds of non-transparency traps they have faced in recent years so they are better able to make credit decisions .
Toyota or Chevy — which would you buy ?
— VB
I am a guy who drives the car until the wheels fall off so I ’m not in the market yet .
Plus , since I ’ve been in D.C. , I take the subway to work .
But when it ’s time for a new car I will check Consumer Reports and give a test drive to decide .
Which is misspelled more , your first or last name ?
— VB
Ah , you appear to know my pain only too well , VB ( give it up , mom , I know it ’s you ) .
Since Goolsbee is phonetic , sometimes people actually spell it right .
That never happens with Austan .
My spell check flips it automatically , so sometimes my research papers make it look like I can’t even spell my own name .
Someday I will tell you guys the story of what Levitt told me my name proved when we were first out of grad school and he was doing his names research that ended up in Freakonomics .
What kind of progression in marginal tax rates do you think is ideal ?
There was a big hubbub over the U.K. getting to 50 percent on their top rate ; could we be heading there too , and would it be helpful or harmful ?
—
Tucker
There is no “ ideal ” tax rate in isolation .
Among other things , it depends what the government does with the money .
Whether we are making key investments versus spending on wasteful programs that do n’t work makes a big difference in what you think the tax rate should be .
How likely is it that we will experience hyperinflation in the next couple of years ?
Our expectations for the money supply can even cause inflation , and I ’m wondering how the Fed and the government will be able to convince people that they ’ve got things under control .
They do n’t teach any of this in our classes ! — S
I wish there were a textbook to read on this sort of thing , but there is n’t .
If you look at market expectations of inflation embodied , say , in TIPS bond prices , clearly the market is not expecting a hyper- inflation .
The concern in the near term is preventing deflation , which we have few tools to address when the interest rate is already near zero , rather than inflation , which we have several tools to use should we start seeing inflation rise .
Would you consider yourself a follower of the Friedman / Stigler / Coase / Miller school of economics and finance , or a follower of Keynes and Tobin ? — Jeff Carter
I am more of a data - dog , empirical economist , so I do n’t know how that fits in to your schema .
The old days of the ideological battles between Chicago and the Keynesians is not really the way things are anymore .
I would like to think I took some important things from both camps , though .
Tobin was a dear friend and mentor to me when I was a young man and helped get me into economics .
I never knew Friedman or Stigler , but Becker , Miller , Heckman , Murphy , and other giants at Chicago and the culture of debate and discovery they helped create there are certainly in my bloodstream .
It is a magical place .
But basically I just go where the data say to go .
What is the real rate of unemployment ?
If you add the unemployed and the discouraged and the underemployed , what would it be ?
And I read that Bush changed the way unemployment is calculated in order to make it seem less awful .
If so , is it still being calculated in the same corrupt way ?
— Kenneth Stretcher
I do n’t think it changed specifically under Bush , but you raise an important point .
There are a lot of people out of the labor force including , for example , a huge increase in the number of people on disability who , according to researchers , would have been part of the unemployed in the old days .
There are also more people now counted as employed who are involuntarily part - time workers or “ under ” - employed workers , so we need to be careful making apples - to - apples comparisons across decades in the unemployment rate .
It ’s hard to compute the exact number because some of these data did not exist in older decades .
It ’s sort of like trying to compare batting averages now to the 1960 ’s when the pitcher ’s mound was higher .
You just have to be aware of the differences .
When Columbia University President Lee Bollinger introduced Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad at his school in September 2007 , he denounced him as a “ petty tyrant . ”
Ahmadinejad is many bad things , including a Holocaust denier and a strong proponent of a nuclear Iran .
But as recent events have underlined , Iran is not quite a tyranny , petty or grand , and the office Ahmadinejad occupies does not give him final say in Iranian affairs .
That role is more truly occupied by Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , ...
CLEVELAND , Ohio --
Even diehard Browns fans were stunned that wide receiver Donte Stallworth might be able to suit up again after just a month in jail for killing a man with his car while drunk behind the wheel .
" Thirty days ...?
Wow , " said Richard Manco II , president of the Browns Backers of Brunswick , who was beside himself when told of Tuesday 's sentencing in Miami .
" What if that was you or me ?
We would n't have 30 days .
That 's all he got was 30 days ?
Unbelievable . "
Stallworth , 28 , who spent most of his first year with the Browns last season sidelined with injuries , began serving his jail sentence after pleading guilty to DUI manslaughter .
Stallworth also reached a confidential financial settlement with the family of 59 - year - old Mario Reyes , who he struck and killed with his black 2005 Bentley early March 14 .
The deal prevents the family from filing a civil suit .
In addition to jail time , Stallworth was sentenced to two years of house arrest , eight years on probation , 1,000 hours of community service and a lifetime driver 's license suspension that could be eased after five years .
He must also undergo drug and alcohol testing .
Stallworth , who , according to the Associated Press , was accompanied in court by his parents , siblings and others , expressed remorse .
" I accept full responsibility for this horrible tragedy , " he told Miami - Dade Circuit Judge Dennis Murphy .
" I will bear this burden for the rest of my life . "
Stallworth , whose blood - alcohol level after the crash was .126 -- well above Florida 's legal limit of .08 -- could have faced up to 15 years in prison .
Some Browns fans and others who have followed the case for the last three months believe Stallworth scored special treatment .
" If it 's the average working man or woman there would be no leniency , there would be no deals cut , " said John Becker , of Seven Hills , a retired Shaker Heights police officer and casual Browns fan .
" Justice was n't served .
The well - connected and the money were served .
I 'm so tired of seeing celebrities beat the law . "
But to Jerry Bryan , president of the Palm Beach ( Fla . ) Browns Backers club , the penalty seemed to reflect that Reyes , who was jaywalking when Stallworth struck and killed him , was at least partly to blame for the accident .
" Thirty days is not very long , but 10 years [ of house arrest and probation ] is real long , " Bryan said .
" What first looks like a slap on the wrist really is n't .
One slip - up and he 's back in jail . "
Bryan did n't think the court cut Stallworth a break because he was a famous football player .
But Bryan said one of his Florida friends was sentenced to five years in jail and 20 years of probation and had his license revoked for life for a drunk - driving accident that killed a passenger .
Had the accident occurred in Ohio , Stallworth might not have gotten off with such a light jail sentence .
" Generally , we 're talking years when alcohol 's involved .
We 're not talking 30 days , " said Jerry Gold , a veteran Cleveland criminal defense lawyer .
" I would have considered anything under two years a really good result . "
Ohio 's vehicular homicide laws have been changed nine times since 1974 to make them tougher .
However , other legal officials in Northeast Ohio said that while many people might think Stallworth 's sentence was light , that 's not necessarily so .
" I imagine most of the public is going to think that 's a slap on the wrist , " said Cuyahoga County Judge David Matia .
But Matia and others say that the same thing could have happened here because a wide range of factors comes into play in cases of drinking and driving deaths .
To start with , Stallworth 's case could have drawn a range of charges here from felony aggravated vehicular homicide -- which carries a sentence of between two and eight years -- to a misdemeanor charge of vehicular manslaughter , which calls for a sentence of up to 90 days .
Matia said that if Stallworth had pleaded guilty in Ohio to the felony charge , the law would require a two - year sentence .
But a deal could be worked out where a defendant would plead guilty to a lesser charge .
There would also be murky issues for the jury to weigh , such as if the DUI offense caused the accident .
After a night drinking at a bar in Miami Beach 's Fountainebleau hotel , police said Stallworth hit Reyes , a construction crane operator who was rushing to catch a bus after finishing his shift around 7:15 a.m.
Stallworth told police he flashed his lights to warn Reyes .
Police estimated Stallworth was driving about 50 mph in a 40 mph zone .
A lawyer for the Miami - Dade State Attorney told the Associated Press that Stallworth 's lack of previous criminal record , cooperation and willingness to accept responsibility were factors in the plea deal , and that the Reyes family -- especially the victim 's 15 - year - old daughter -- wanted the case resolved to avoid further pain .
With the deal struck and sentence handed down , Stallworth , who signed a seven - year , $ 35 million contract with the Browns before last season , could be back in Berea , practicing this summer .
That all depends on how he 's received by the team and the NFL , which could hand down its own discipline , likely in the form of a multi - game suspension .
As for how he might be received by fans , Bryan , for one , was n't thrilled with the possibility that the often - injured Stallworth could suit up for the Browns this season -- but not because of the conviction .
" I guess he could play this year -- not that he did much of that last year , " he said .
" He did n't bring anything to the party last year . "
Wire service stories contributed to this report
Even with the murders that have already occurred , Americans are not paying enough attention to the frightening connection between the right - wing hate - mongers who continue to slither among us and the gun crazies who believe a well - aimed bullet is the ticket to all their dreams .
I hope I ’m wrong , but I ca n’t help feeling as if the murder at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington and the assassination of the abortion doctor in Wichita , Kan. , and the slaying of three police officers in Pittsburgh  all of them right - wing , hate - driven attacks  were just the beginning and that worse is to come .
As if the wackos were n’t dangerous enough to begin with , the fuel to further inflame them is available in the over - the - top rhetoric of the National Rifle Association , which has relentlessly pounded the bogus theme that Barack Obama is planning to take away people ’s guns .
The group ’s anti-Obama Web site is called gunbanobama.com .
While the N.R.A. is not advocating violence , it should n’t take more than a glance at the newspapers to understand why this is a message that the country could do without .
James von Brunn , the man accused of using a rifle to shoot a guard to death at the Holocaust museum last week , was described by relatives , associates and the police as a virulent racist and anti-Semite .
J.K. Rowling gives millions of devotees exactly what they ’re looking for , every time .
So do James Patterson , “ Days of Our Lives ” and Hormel .
Rowling is frequently classed with Roald Dahl , L. Frank Baum , even Dickens .
But her writing is dreary , her jokes terrible , her characterizations mostly one - dimensional ( the Dursleys are swine , Slughorn a suckup , Hermione a teacher ’s pet , Dumbledore the wise old font of plot exposition ) .
And Harry might be the blandest superhero ever conceived .
He simply follows the trail , learns the spells and saves the day .
Kids love to be in Harry ’s shoes : all zapping bad guys , no taking out the trash .
Compare Luke Skywalker , who has to conquer his own vanity , laziness and anger in order to earn his powers .
Harry , like many of his generation , is the Cosseted One from an early age .
He ’s told that he ’s special , that he ’s got awesome gifts , that those who do n’t understand this are blind to the plain facts .
Deploying his powers involves no more character or soul - searching than following a recipe .
The whimsical creations and the narrative pull — making readers beg to know what ’s going to happen next — are all Rowling offers .
The great kids ’ works strike deep , satisfying chords .
“ The Wizard of Oz ” would be just a Technicolor fun ride without Dorothy ’s discovery that everything she always wanted was right there at home .
“ Willy Wonka ” is n’t just a funny freak - out .
It ’s also a near - biblical catalog of sinners and punishment .
The Potter tales are built on nothing .
Inside them is a deathly hollow .
Is there any children ’s writer more dismissive of morals ?
A Rowling kid starts learning at an early age that principles are adjustable depending on convenience .
Rowling ignores ethics to the point of encouraging dishonorable behavior .
Harry spends “ Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince ” — the film version of which is raking it in this weekend — cheating out of a textbook that has all the answers written in the margins , causing him to fraudulently win a luck potion that he uses to solve the central mystery .
And his punishment for this is . . . nothing .
Harry ’s taking advantage of the annotated textbook is depicted as simple resourcefulness , and Hermione ’s protests seem mere whining .
Rowling ’s readers will conclude it ’s OK to go on eBay and buy a teacher ’s edition of a textbook .
Consider the worst line in “ Star Wars , ” the one at which even guys who went to their prom dressed as Han Solo laugh derisively : “ But I was going into Tashi Station to pick up some power converters ! ”
Rowling ’s baby beach reads are thick with such gummy technobabble .
She piles on the silly names , magic incantations , “ dark revelations ” that are n’t dark , and a daytime - television litany of explanation and repetition : “ Neville and Professor Flitwick are both hurt , but Madame Pomfrey says they ’ll be all right .
And a Death Eater ’s dead , he got hit by a Killing Curse that huge blond one was firing off everywhere —
Harry , if we had n’t had your Felix potion , I think we ’d all have been killed . ”
Petrificus totalus on all that exposition , please .
There is one funny satirical gag in “ Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince ” — which does n’t arrive until p. 634 .
The French chick Fleur announces she ’s found a bright side to her boyfriend turning part werewolf :
Now he likes “ very rare steaks . ”
“ Eet ees lucky ‘e is marrying me , ” Fleur says .
( Hagrid ’s pidgin is even more unbearable , by the way ) .
“ Because ze British overcook their meat , I ‘ave always said this . ”
Nice :
The fantasy mirror is reflecting reality .
Dickens is not without his flaws — sentimentality , plot contrivance .
“ Martin Chuzzlewit ” could do with a wee trim of about 250 pages .
As for “ Edwin Drood ” — what ’s the deal with that abrupt ending ?
Yet when Dickens ’ writing was n’t grandiose , it was frequently touching , beautiful or funny .
His characterizations were amazingly deft and enduring , his endings frequently devastating as they unveiled not just plot twists but revolutions of the soul .
“ Gulliver ’s Travels ” and the “ Alice in Wonderland ” books are comedic sociopolitical satires .
“ Winnie the Pooh ” has been used as a teaching aid to introduce Nietzsche , Descartes and Taoism .
Superman ( born in 1938 , as Nazis marched ) meant truth , justice and the American way .
Rowling , sensing that her readers would think her corny or un - PC if she ( for instance ) dared to make Harry stand for the transcendent appeal of British civilization and culture , is no more interested in principles or resonance than “ Desperate Housewives ” is .
If the Potter books are about nothing except childish good vs. childish evil ( and they are ) , then they amount to a cosmic quidditch match .
There ’s not a lot of suspense about who will win , why they should , or what it all means .
All the pleasure for the reader is in the how — the vacuous , disposable , inconsequential how .
Kyle.Smith@nypost.com
Dune as a somewhat traditional massively multi-player online RPG
The Road to Dune
My Cyclic Interest in Dune
The State of the Franchise
Asmodee 's reprint of the board game
Still Life :
They just sort of hang there
Basic Mechanics
Playwright and actor Steven Berkoff as Stilgar , from the television version
You , too , can be bald and sneaky
Betrayal
Betray
Ephemera
Guild Navigator Cockpit from Lynch 's version
End Notes
Note :
This post has been moved to the specialty forums , decreasing the chance that it will be seen by anyone unless they happen to already be looking for Dune - related posts .
Hell , I 'm interested in Dune and would never think to crawl through the Dune franchise page to read a Dune forum .
It was a nice run , though , everyone .
Got a good response from all of you .
Thanks !
Every once in a while I enter this strange world where I imagine I will be able to get the hard - sought Dune license and make my own game taking place in Frank Herbert 's universe .
Every once in a while , in other words , I have delusions of grandeur .
Ah , but what a grand game it would be .
Come walk with me , and I will show you the crazed architecture in my mind that gets built every once in a while as I proceed to freak myself out with how much Dune knowledge I 've retained over the years .
All this , and it took me three attempts to even finish the first book -- my secret was to skim the parts that dragged :) .
Speaking of that , if you find you do n't understand some of the terms , there 's a wikia online linked below which has definitions , although a lot of the definitions are obscured because of all the stuff written about Dune after Herbert 's death .
Makes things more confusing if you ask me , so if you do n't know what a thing is just make a definition up , since they 're often archetypes of science fiction tropes anyway .
When I suggested on another forum that Dune would be a great world to start up a Massively Multiplayer Online Role - Playing Game , I forgot that every half year I get Dune on the brain , trying to integrate it into whatever I happen to be thinking of at the time .
All the different factions , the weird weapons , the far - future worlds and tech -- I can't imagine that NOT being a cool playground .
It 's not an easy license to get , though .
Fantasy Flight Games recently tried to acquire the rights to publish a modern update to the grognard board game classic Dune from ( the older version of ) Avalon Hill , but the estate refused to license it ( FFG is making something with similar mechanics in one of their in - house universes instead ) .
Given how popular that board game was among the hard core gamers , I do n't see creating other work with that license as any easier to get , so at best what 's coming is a sort of fan design .
Just the other day I was prowling the web to make sure a Dune MMORPG was n't already in the works .
There was a clever Second Life area based on the books , but of course that 's just a place to sit around and talk to people .
You can't actually be eaten by a sandworm or cause a nuclear explosion by shooting some dude with your laser gun who happens to be wearing a force field .
Other than that , I 've found I 'm not the only one who thought of an MMORPG in the Dune universe , and after having come up with some of my basic ideas , I found that someone else was thinking along similar lines .
Specifically it was about the interrelationship of the houses and factions , and how they HAD to work together in order to make the spaceships run on time , even while they 're trying to stab each other in the back .
There are those other Real - Time Strategy games , the forerunner to the venerable Command and Conquer series , some of which had interesting cutscenes that sort of evoked David Lynch 's version of the book .
All of the established properties ** , though , do n't really hit the mark that I feel like a big Dune game could .
It is natural that all of these properties concentrated primarily , or solely , on the planet of Dune , but there is so much more to the universe Frank Herbert created .
Just like you want to peek around the corner in Tolkien 's universe , I sort of want to see what it 's actually like on the technologically heretical Ix , what the Sardaukar Terror Troops do in their off time , what kind of body mods the Bene Tleilaxu are into .
Maybe all of these were skeletons used to create the illusion of depth , as good crafters of the written word often do , and there is n't much to them beyond their instrumental uses as " the technological planet , " " the bio - tech planet , " " the ruling planet . "
Still , I feel like I 'd like to try .
I 've also not read the new books written by Frank 's son Brian that take place in Frank 's creation , so to anyone who has read them : I 'm not trying to retread or rewrite what Brian created .
And as to the actual MMORPG mechanics , I 'm not even sure it will work ( I 'm not exactly experienced in MMORPG play or design , having played such games only a month or so at a time , and of course I 've never designed any ) , so feel free to point out how human nature will throw a monkey wrench into things .
Unlike a lot of the class - based systems , I thought that maybe players could start as customizable people from many different homeworlds .
Each homeworld environment would give a player certain advantages or disadvantages , allowing a player to feel like he or she was going in a warrior direction or a weird science direction , without forcing them to be committed to things just yet .
Players gain experience by completing tasks for various Houses .
They are sort of a politically neutral pool of labor for the Houses and factions in the Dune universe , which the Houses can throw at the problem without wasting precious resources or fully loyal troops .
Players accept missions for little pay or recognition for the chance to slowly gain favor and prestige with the groups they work for .
They could work as guards for the Spacing Guild , making sure no one starts fighting while being transported from world to world .
They could help smuggle minor technological components from Richese to the Imperial City at Kaitain ( if caught , the Emperor will disavow any knowledge of your actions , of course ) , or working as a Spice miner .
Every completed mission helps show your loyalty to a given faction .
As their favor increases , you will begin to gain advantages that that faction can give you : cheaper space transport , cheaper Spice ( which could give you powers of prescience or other in - game advantages but will kill you if you do n't keep taking it ) , access to advanced tech , that sort of thing .
Working with the Bene Tleilaxu will mean you will be able to get the Dune version of resurrection a lot cheaper , with some safeguards against them tampering with your body ( a justification for less recovery time ) .
( And as far as retaining the character 's memories when they 're born again , they 're just put through rigorous training programs which approximate the stuff they learned from before , again a justification for recovery time since the new ghola is n't familiar with its old role right away .
You could even roleplay a change in personality after resurrection , if you wanted to . )
Despite my enthusiasm I find that a lot of the ideas above seem to run along established lines , but what I think is a bit different is that you gain levels IN factions .
When you go up a level , what you 're really doing is gaining the trust of a given faction .
If you concentrate on a single faction , say the Fremen , you will eventually find it REALLY hard to get work from the other factions , and they may try to kill you once in a while .
You will also start tolike your favored factions have some influence on you .
If you 're hanging out with the Harkonnen a bit too long chowing down on exotic food , you might need an anti-gravity suspensor or two to keep your gut from slapping your knees .
If you 're friends with the ghola - producing Bene Tleilax you might have those weird pupil - less - seeming eyes that their clones have .
Hang out with Fremen too long and your skin will look dry and cracked , and your eyes will appear blue - on - blue .
You 'll be marked by your association and locked out of certain sources of power , and so it will be harder to manage these interdependent resources on your own .
This is where teamwork comes in .
You can level in several factions at once , but only specialists get all the resources of a given faction , and only generalists will have the ability to play fully on their own without , at least , NPC assistance .
If you try to please all factions at once , you will achieve a sort of diplomatic status , allowing you to explore the universe fully , which would be focused on the people who like to tour online worlds without being killed ( like me ) , even if they do n't get the game play depth they might otherwise have access to .
Folks like the Suk Doctors , Mentats and Bene Gesserit NEED to have access to several groups to be of much use , the Doctors just for trust 's sake , Mentats for knowledge , the Bene Gesserit for skullduggery .
And yes , males could serve the Bene Gesserit too .
Dune is all about plans within plans .
You can betray others in your group , but this would be a heavily controlled mechanic that would have to take several missions to reach fruition .
Simple betrayal would be done too often and cheapen the game , so instead players , because they often need each other to get things done , will have to work together knowing that eventually one of them , or many of them , will stab the others in the back .
The rare group that can keep together and cancel any plans they have for betraying their fellows , or never starting them in the first place , will have the option of forming a minor house later on , which allows them other privileges that backstabbing could n't manage , but backstabbing will still be a viable option for taking specific equipment ( and perhaps giving it to your minor house ) .
Since a player will likely create several characters , they will often want to benefit one of their characters more than the others .
The subterfuge takes on an interesting meta - gaming tangent , where a player will create a character , build up a relationship with others , only to betray them at some point , hindering their immediate chances at a house ( until they can find someone else with the same amount of resources ) , and bringing the stolen victory back home .
This backstabbing would n't be allowed in all environments , though , so players who want to create minor houses without the intrigue could still do that , although there would be other ways to sabotage each other there .
And I think the mechanic works to distance players a bit from the idea behind it .
So if there is betrayal they know it 's part of the game , and do n't have to get the game - quitting displeasure of someone actually running away with your company funds .
The environments themselves would have several different spots on each world that would be of interest .
People who can't get over their habit of hunting down monsters and taking stuff from their corpses could hunt on a variety of worlds who have whole forests dedicated to sport hunting , and you can still sell these things or exchange them for minor quests , but this is NOT to be central to the game play .
It 's only a mini - game for people who have been conditioned by other online RPGs to expect that sort of thing .
The art style would be grand and try to be a bit crazier and far - futuresque than the TV version felt for me .
I like the Lynch version of Dune in that it felt awkward and strange ( I do hope that was on purpose ) , making it feel more like these were humans who had developed different habits and tics over many thousands of years of training and growth after the age of intelligent machines had ended .
Capturing that alien - ness would be vital .
Players could play just about any other MMORPG when they wanted pleasant surroundings , but could go to Dune when they wanted to get their freak on , so to speak .
Not so much the sex , though , cuz I guess you can find that elsewhere , too .
Minor Houses , if they manage to be founded , actually get to set up private meeting places where resources can be stored without risk of theft ( mostly ) and can avoid some of the listening devices that would otherwise thwart well - laid plans .
That might mean actually making mission plans part of the game mechanic , where a percentage of what you 're going to do is revealed ahead of time , forcing players to put energy into hiding what they 're going to do , which takes away from the mission 's general effectiveness .
Buffs , which so many people like to use , would be strategic in nature .
One thing I 've tended to dislike about what online RPGs I 've played is that they force you to keep track of how many support spells you 've cast .
In a sense they 're kind of nice though , because they add some urgency to the battle , and you know you have to keep things going for everyone to be able to get the edge over the competition and survive .
In Dune there are n't spells , so what I think might fit is strategies that get laid out before a mission is begun .
There might be several stages to a mission , and players will have to plan out where they want to allocate their resources so that they will be protected by anti-snooping devices at this stage , while in a later stage they might be guarded by a few remote - controlled poison drones .
These are , in effect , buffs , but they 're managed ahead of time so you do n't have to worry about the Dune equivalent of recasting .
There would still be tools you could use mid-battle that might change the course of a mission , but you would n't have to depend upon these things to succeed all the time .
Finally , I thought it would be neat to have a mechanic where the lead players and the lead organizations tend to be targeted .
In games like EVE Online this happens naturally , with real betrayals , real embezzling , real teaming up against the dominant groups and individuals .
I would n't dream of duplicating that * , but instead I think it would be cool if the game itself sort of made you NOT want to be too well - noticed .
Minor houses that achieve the most notoriety might be graduated to Major Houses , allowing them a lot more resources , but also making them and their planetary keeps subject to NPC attacks , as well as their locations being broadcast for everyone to find out and attack .
Once they 're defeated they lose their House status , though they still get to retain some of what they had earned .
Then some other group gets promoted , with priority given to those who have n't been promoted before .
The same with individuals : a player who achieves some top ranking will be considered to be a possible Kwisatz Haderach , or however you spell it , and they 'll have a rough time of it for as long as their current body is alive .
When killed , they 'll retain some interesting optional powers , but the Bene Tleilax will prevent this status from happening again during the next incarnation , similar to the way fallen Major Houses work .
This all probably sounds like ideas that have already come about in other games .
If so , please let me know .
While I 'm not big on MMORPGs , I still think they 're interesting in many ways ( having to deal with the psychology of a bunch of players at once always brings about strange design decisions ) .
I also think these sorts of games have a ways to go as far as the diversity of game play , so I figure if I put this out there , at least there will be some outside chance it might push the discussion forward a smidgen .
As an aside , it seems like Peter Berg will be trying to restart the franchise for the big screen .
I 'm actually sort of fond of the Lynch version , and would love to see a tighter version of Lynch 's original theatrical release WITHOUT the internal monologues , just to make things weirder .
But I 'm always happy to see someone give that unfilmable book another go :) Whew , now I feel better .
No more Dune for me for a while :)
Thanks to Leeto for the accidental encouragement .
A couple of footnotes below to address some concerns a friend of mine brought up after reading the article , then the links . *
( " I would n't dream of doing it " because I do n't see much of a point in improving upon a general system that EVE has done so well in developing .
I also think that if I was going to design an MMORPG I might try to avoid griefing , and might make more of an escapist game where you get to side step a common tendency of human beings online , which is to mess things up for others .
Thinking about a free - form betrayal system , I imagined it being too chaotic to yield the stately pace that I imagined these conspracies unfolding , sort of betraying the immersiveness of the game I had in my head ) **
( I did n't feel like mentioning Cryo 's games here , as the FPS and adventure / strategy games , while having interesting takes on Dune , still concentrate mostly on Dune the planet .
I chose to mention the RTSs by name just as a footnote .
Mentioning the other games did n't feel like it was adding a whole lot to what I was saying , since I was trying to get on to what a Dune game could accomplish if it did n't concentrate on Arrakis .
I still think their adventure is probably the Dune game I consider to be the most intriguing in terms of atmosphere and creativity , but I 'm enamored with Cryo 's body of work in general ) .
LINKS :
WASHINGTON --
The emotions finally flowed for Randy Johnson when the final out was made .
A hug for his son , who was serving as batboy .
Hugs for every teammate , plus a really big one for his manager .
The game ball presented to his wife as his three daughters beamed with pride .
A news conference that lasted a half - hour from a player who usually does n't have much to say .
Someone even spotted a smile .
The Big Unit admits he can come across as surly , and he did his best over the past few weeks to downplay his pursuit of 300 wins .
Once he got there -- with a steady , six - inning performance in the San Francisco Giants ' 5 - 1 victory over the Washington Nationals on Thursday -- he was free to express that , yes , it really is a big deal .
" I think it kind of hit me when I walked on the field , " Johnson said .
" It 's a long - range achievement .
It 's not a one - game or a one - year achievement , it 's a career achievement .
Who knows how many teammates I 've had over my 21 years , but they had a great deal to do with my success .
I 'm going to think about this for a long time . "
Johnson became the 24th pitcher to reach the milestone , and he did it as a mature pitcher , not the overpowering tangle of arms and legs who was all about strikeouts early in his career .
He walked two , struck out two , allowed only an unearned run and threw 50 of his 78 pitches for strikes .
He faced four batters above the minimum and got shutout relief from his bullpen .
" I get more gratification out of that because of the way I 'm doing it now than the way I did it 10 years ago , " Johnson said .
It was hardly the ideal setting for a historic moment .
The crowd was small and the weather was wet .
Some of the few thousand fans who witnessed the feat -- the Nationals have trouble drawing a crowd for anything these days -- chanted " Randy ! Randy ! " in the bottom of the ninth , and he tipped his hat to them all .
Family and friends from all over flew in for the occasion to see Johnson ( 5 - 4 ) become the first pitcher to get 300 on his first try since Tom Seaver in 1985 .
" He 's become one of the dinosaurs with the other 23 , and he did n't want to make a big deal out of it , " Giants manager Bruce Bochy said .
" But you could see after the game -- I 'm sure he's had his eye on this 300 for a while .
He 's done an incredible job with keeping his self in shape , pitching at 45 and still throwing the ball the way he 's throwing is quite an accomplishment . "
Johnson had to leave the game because of what he called a " senior moment " -- his decision to go after a comebacker that he knocked down in the sixth inning .
The 6 - foot - 10 Johnson barehanded the ball while falling forward to throw out the runner and bruised his pitching shoulder on the play .
He 's not expected to miss his next start .
San Francisco led 2 - 1 when Johnson departed , but he nearly wound up with a no-decision .
The Nationals loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth before Adam Dunn was called out on strikes with a full count on a knee - high fastball from reliever Brian Wilson .
The 45 - year - old Johnson is the sixth left - hander to win 300 games and the second - oldest pitcher to reach the milestone .
Knuckleballer Phil Niekro was 46 when he won his 300th with the New York Yankees in 1985 .
As long as it took to get to 300 , the final step required quite a bit of patience .
Two off days in the Giants ' schedule and a rainout Wednesday night gave him seven days of rest after winning No. 299 last week against Atlanta .
In addition , Thursday 's game -- the first in a doubleheader -- was delayed 36 minutes by bad weather and was played in a light rain .
Once he finally got on the mound , Johnson had an efficient outing , not flashy .
He did n't allow a baserunner until a walk in the fourth inning and did n't give up a hit until Elijah Dukes ' broken - bat single up the middle in the fifth .
Johnson then walked Austin Kearns , putting runners on first and second with none out .
But second baseman Emmanuel Burriss thwarted a rally with the defensive play of the game .
On a one - hopper that hit the mound , Burriss dived to his right to stab the ball backhanded , then flipped it out of his glove to shortstop Edgar Renteria to start a dazzling double play .
The unearned run came on Nick Johnson 's double in the sixth , following a throwing error by Renteria .
Randy Johnson got the run support he needed early , when Juan Uribe 's RBI grounder and Burriss ' RBI single off Jordan Zimmermann ( 2 - 3 ) gave the Giants a 2 - 0 lead in the second .
San Francisco added three runs in the ninth .
After Johnson was pulled , relievers Brandon Medders , Jeremy Affeldt and Wilson took care of the rest , although Wilson 's strikeout of Dunn was a borderline call disputed by the Nationals slugger .
Wilson also worked the ninth for his 13th save .
Johnson joined Steve Carlton as the only pitchers to win No. 300 against the organization with whom they made their major league debut .
Johnson 's first three wins -- exactly 1 percent of his total -- came with the Montreal Expos , long before the franchise moved to Washington .
His first victory was Sept. 15 , 1988 , five days after his 25th birthday , but most people noticed him only because he was the tallest player in the majors .
" We watched history today , " Nationals manager Manny Acta said .
" He 's probably going to be the last guy to ever do this .
It was impressive to see .
His longevity and everything he 's done for the game paid off today . "
Game notes
Johnson is the fourth pitcher to win his 300th with the Giants , joining Christy Mathewson in 1912 and Tim Keefe and Mickey Welch , both in 1890 .
... Washington OF Josh Willingham remained sidelined with a stomach virus .
Distributed denial - of - service attacks on root nameservers are Internet events in which distributed denial - of - service attacks target one or more of the thirteen Domain Name System root nameserver clusters .
The root nameservers are critical infrastructure components of the Internet , mapping domain names to IP addresses and other resource record ( RR ) data .
Attacks against the root nameservers could , in theory , impact operation of the entire global Domain Name System , and thus all Internet services that use the global DNS , rather than just specific websites .
However , in practice , the root nameserver infrastructure is highly resilient and distributed , using both the inherent features of DNS ( result caching , retries , and multiple servers for the same zone with fallback if one or more fail ) , and , in recent years , a combination of anycast and load balancer techniques used to implement most of the thirteen nominal individual root servers as globally distributed clusters of servers in multiple data centers .
In particular , the caching and redundancy features of DNS mean that it would require a sustained outage of all the major root servers for many days before any serious problems were created for most Internet users , and even then there are still numerous ways in which ISPs could set their systems up during that period to mitigate even a total loss of all root servers for an extended period of time : for example by installing their own copies of the global DNS root zone data on nameservers within their network , and redirecting traffic to the root server IP addresses to those servers .
Nevertheless , DDoS attacks on the root zone are taken seriously as a risk by the operators of the root nameservers , and they continue to upgrade the capacity and DDoS mitigation capabilities of their infrastructure to resist any future attacks .
An effective attack against DNS might involve targeting top - level domain servers ( such as those servicing the .com domain ) instead of root name servers .
Alternatively , a man - in - the - middle attack or DNS poisoning attack could be used , though they would be more difficult to carry out .
Attacks [ edit ]
October 21 , 2002 [ edit ]
On October 21 , 2002 an attack lasting for approximately one hour was targeted at all 13 DNS root name servers .
[ 1 ]
The attackers sent many ICMP ping packets using a botnet to each of the servers .
However , because the servers were protected by packet filters which were configured to block all incoming ICMP ping packets , they did not sustain much damage and there was little to no impact on Internet users . [ 2 ]
February 6 , 2007 [ edit ]
On February 6 , 2007 an attack began at 10:00 UTC and lasted twenty - four hours .
At least two of the root servers ( G - ROOT and L - ROOT ) reportedly " suffered badly " while two others ( F - ROOT and M - ROOT ) " experienced heavy traffic " .
The latter two servers largely contained the damage by distributing requests to other root server instances with anycast addressing .
ICANN published a formal analysis shortly after the event . [ 3 ]
Due to a lack of detail , speculation about the incident proliferated in the press until details were released . [ 4 ]
November 30 , 2015 [ edit ]
During two intervals on November 30 , 2015 and December 1 , 2015 , several of the root name servers received up to 5 million queries per second each , receiving valid queries for a single undisclosed domain name , and then a different domain the next day .
Source addresses were spread throughout IP v4 space , however these may have been spoofed .
Some root server networks became saturated , resulting in timeouts , however redundancy among the root servers prevented downstream issues from occurring during this incident . [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
Threats [ edit ]
Operation Global Blackout 2012 [ edit ]
On February 12 , 2012 , a statement [ 7 ] was posted on Pastebin cited to be from Anonymous , threatening an attack on the root servers on March 31 , 2012 . [ 8 ]
" To protest SOPA , Wallstreet , our irresponsible leaders and the beloved bankers who are starving the world for their own selfish needs out of sheer sadistic fun , On March 31 , anonymous will shut the Internet down , " reads the statement .
" Remember , this is a protest , we are not trying to ‘ kill ' the Internet , we are only temporarily shutting it down where it hurts the most …
It may only last one hour , maybe more , maybe even a few days .
No matter what , it will be global .
It will be known . " [ 9 ]
A Los Angeles police detective shot herself after walking into the Santa Clarita sheriff 's station and speaking to a deputy , law enforcement sources said today .
The detective , whose name was withheld , entered the Santa Clarita station about 9:15 p.m. Monday and spoke to a female deputy .
The detective then placed a box of personal items on the counter and asked to speak to a different deputy , a law enforcement source said .
When the female deputy stepped away to locate another deputy , sheriff 's staff heard a single shot , sources said .
An official familiar with the probe said the detective suffered a single , self - inflicted gunshot wound .
No one else was hurt in the incident .
-- Richard Winton
There 's something about redheaded girls that 's so enticing .
Maybe because they make up only 2 % of the population ; maybe because they have fire crotches ; maybe because of their fiery dispositions ; or maybe because they suck cock really , really well .
The girls in these videos are of the ginger variety and they do live up to that talented cocksucker stereotype .
Aside from the rare , naturally bright hair color the only thing we can't explain is why a temperamental woman is so appealing — except that the sense of danger may add to the overall cocksucking experience .
Cute Redhead - Blowjob ( yuvutu.com )
Home BJ ( xtube.com )
Redheaded slut sucking some more ( xtube.com )
Redhead wifey ( xtube.com )
Giving my husband a blowjob ( yuvutu.com )
Seven Minutes of Pure Bliss ( xtube.com )
Blowjob Queen ( yuvutu.com )
pipe ( yuvutu.com )
Redhead blowing for her load of sperm ( redtube.com )
Redhead Gets Nailed ( xnxx.com )
*****
Previously : Top Ten Video Archive
Tagged in : amateur , blowjobs , clips , couples , ginger , hardcore , redheads , straight , top ten , top ten video , video ,
Rule Torrent :
Never post a picture of yourself shirtless in your dating profile ( men only ) . >>>
When returning a Zipcar , turn off the radio . >>>
Hide your porn downloads in a folder named March Madness ' 03 . >>>
Create a Facebook account for your grandmother — but do n't create one for your dog . >>>
CC'ing your boss after hours does not impress him . >>>
Do n't send out a follow - up email apologizing for a typo in a previous email . >>>
For marital peace , keep separate Netflix queues . >>>
Tidy your room before recording a vlog . >>>
Rotate your photos before you upload them . >>>
Do n't quote Monty Python and the Holy Grail at a funeral .
Stick to Life of Brian . >>>
Acceptable : WTF ? , LMAO .
Unacceptable : effing , A - hole , byatch . >>>
Never end an email with " take it sleazy . " >>>
Tag Flickr photos freely — there 's no such thing as too many tags . >>>
Turn off " Sent from my iPhone " email signatures . >>>
Back up your hard drive .
Right now . >>>
Invite friends to new Facebook apps as often as you like . >>>
Eat at your friend 's restaurant — or read his book or listen to her music — before you post a review . >>>
Things that are OK to do in an elevator : Stand there ; have sex with Steven Tyler ( ladies only ) . >>>
Keep music mixes for friends to 60 minutes or less . >>>
Ask for free tech support only from immediate family or significant others . >>>
Photoshop your pictures as much as you want , but remember :
Your real friends know what you look like . >>>
Never read the manual first . >>>
Avoid looking at other people 's screens . >>>
Do n't waterboard terror suspects . >>>
Nobody cares how good your uncompressed audio files are . >>>
List your high school on Facebook , not on LinkedIn . >>>
Upload videos , do n't email them . >>>
Never go dirty Larping . >>>
Hide your speaker wires . >>>
FWIW , do n't use chat slang if you do n't know what it means . >>>
Free T - shirts are for the gym and sleeping — not work . >>>
Cartoon profile pics went out with rickrolling . >>>
Give credit when repeating tweets and blog posts . >>>
The past couple of weeks have found me spinning a disc comprised of the following Elton John session ( from July 1970 ) in which the artist lays out , among other tracks , a selection of Nick Drake covers .
Yes , you read that correctly .
Let ’s first address the 800 lb gorilla in the room : on paper the often gregarious bombast of Elton John coupled with the work of the introspective Drake looks rough .
But it actually works .
As a fan of both artists , the session provides a not only interesting but equally entertaining look at the Drake material .
This was just prior to John ’s mega- stardom , and prior to his parading around on stage dressed as Donald Duck .
Below are some notes a friend gave me along with the tracks ( note : they may have been culled from elsewhere ) .
“ Apparently Joe Boyd arranged a recording date to showcase some new songs , including some other material from Mike Heron and John Martyn ( among others ) .
The future Linda Thompson , then known as Linda Peters , handled backing vox and then sang lead on a few more songs .
Possibly some people from Fairport Convention and / or Traffic were in the band . ”
Personnel : Elton John– Piano/ vocals , Linda Peters– vocals , Jim Capaldi or Gerry Conway – Drums , Pat Donaldson - Bass , Simon Nicol or Caleb Quaye – Guitar
Download :
MP3 : Elton John :: Saturday Sun ( Nick Drake )
MP3 : Elton John :: Sweet Honesty ( Beverley Martin )
MP3 : Elton John :: Stormbringer ( John Martyn )
MP3 : Elton John :: Way to Blue ( Nick Drake )
MP3 : Elton John :: Go Out and Get It ( Mike Heron )
MP3 : Elton John :: The Day is Done ( Nick Drake )
MP3 : Elton John :: Time Has Told Me ( Nick Drake )
MP3 : Elton John :: You Get Brighter ( Mike Heron ) Linda Peters - vocals
MP3 : Elton John :: This Moment ( Mike Heron ) Linda Peters- vocals
MP3 : Elton John :: I Do n’t Mind ( Ed Carter ) Linda Peters- vocals
MP3 : Elton John :: Pied Piper ( Ed Carter ) Linda Peters- vocals
— — — ———-
+ Download DRM free digital music via eMusic ’s no risk 25 Free MP3 trial offer .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
Lupus is a mysterious disease , affecting the skin , joints , kidneys and many other organs .
Ninety percent of those with lupus are women , and the disease is disproportionately common in minorities .
Here , six people affected by lupus speak about their experiences .
Do you have a question about lupus ?
Ask an expert on the Consults blog .
( Join the discussion on the Well blog .
The 1981 Springbok tour of New Zealand will sadly be remembered most for the political turmoil off the field , culminating in a light airplane circling the pitch during the final match in Auckland .
This was the Flour Bomb Test .
Note :
The first clip is a match / event summary .
The second is of interviews in 2006 with All Black flyhalf from the day Doug Rollerson , as well as aeroplane pilot Marx Jones .
Political tension was at an all time high with South Africa ’s Apartheid policies being opposed by fans and citizens of New Zealand .
For many , the Springboks were n’t welcome , as riots and clashes with police became the norm throughout the tour .
It ’s been said that South Africa being in New Zealand divided families , friendships , and the Nation .
Some just wanted to see good rugby and leave politics out of it , while others were protesting against Apartheid .
It sparked the biggest civil disobedience campaign in New Zealand ’s history , as the country sadly turned on each other with violence taking place whenever the Springboks played .
The third and final test would decide the series .
Off - field events overshadowed the game itself once again , but the All Blacks won 25 - 22 thanks to an injury time penalty by Alan Hewson .
Outside of the ground all hell broke loose though .
The streets surrounding Eden Park were host to fighting , as police were pelted with rocks and missiles .
Some have since said that genuine protesters were joined by opportunists who simply wanted to fight the police .
Security at the ground was tight , so the battle was taken to the sky as Marx Jones and Grant Cole hired a Cessna aeroplane , and circled the stadium for the duration of the match .
They dropped flares and flour bombs in an effort to stop the game .
The match continued , and it was ironically All Black prop Gary Knight who was felled by a flour bomb .
Marx Jones spent 6 months in prison following the events of that fateful day .
( CNN ) -- Americans would rather keep their Internet connections than keep their cell phone or television service , a new study found .
Despite the souring economy , more and more Americans are buying high - speed Internet service , the study found -- and the most dramatic increase in broadband adoption has been in groups that traditionally use it less than average .
More than twice as many people surveyed said they had cut back or canceled cell phones or TV rather than Internet service -- 22 percent versus 9 percent .
In April this year , about 63 percent of adults have broadband connections at home , according to Pew Internet and American Life Project .
That 's up about 15 percent from the same time last year .
The study was released Wednesday by the Washington - based research group .
The center said it interviewed 2,253 Americans in April .
The study found that home broadband connections rose for people in some demographic groups that traditionally had below - average home Internet usage .
People over 65 using the Internet jumped 58 percent in a year , the survey found .
For low - income Americans , people who make $ 20,000 or less , usage increased by 40 percent .
Also on the rise was the price of high - speed Internet .
The survey found that home Internet users were paying about $ 4.50 more in monthly bills this year -- from an average of $ 34.50 last April to $ 39.00 this year .
The added price and the recession has not stopped more people from getting on the information highway .
" Broadband adoption appears to have been largely immune to the effects of the current economic recession , " the study said .
" In the face of a severe economic recession , may seem surprising ...
On the other hand , the migration to the Internet of many resources for finding and applying for jobs may prompt some to cut something else and keep ( or add ) broadband . "
Summary
Global military expenditure in 2008 is estimated to have totalled $ 1464 billion .
This represents an increase of 4 per cent in real terms compared to 2007 , and of 45 per cent since 1999 .
Military expenditure comprised approximately 2.4 per cent of global gross domestic product ( GDP ) in 2008 .
All regions and subregions have seen significant increases since 1999 , except for Western and Central Europe .
During the eight - year presidency of George W. Bush , US military expenditure increased to the highest level in real terms since World War II , mostly due to the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
This increase has contributed to soaring budget deficits .
The conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq have been funded primarily through emergency supplemental appropriations outside the regular budgetary process and have been financed through borrowing .
The use of supplemental appropriations has raised concerns about transparency and congressional oversight .
These conflicts will continue to require major budgetary resources in the near future , even supposing early withdrawal of US troops from Iraq .
In Western and Central Europe spending remained fairly flat in 2008 , although some recent and prospective NATO members increased military spending substantially .
In Eastern Europe , Russia continued to increase spending and is maintaining plans for further increases despite severe economic problems .
Spending increased across most of Asia .
China , India , South Korea and Taiwan accounted for the bulk of the increase .
Algeria ’s spending increased by 18 per cent in real terms to $ 5.2 billion , the highest in Africa , driven by strong economic growth and a growing insurgency .
In South America , Brazil continued to increase spending as it seeks greater regional power status .
Military spending in the Middle East fell slightly in 2008 , although this is probably temporary , with many countries in the region planning major arms purchases .
In contrast , there was a large rise in Iraq , whose 2008 military budget was 133 per cent higher in real terms than its 2007 spending .
While previously most funding for the Iraqi security forces came from the United States , this has been increasingly replaced by domestic funding .
Iraq remains highly dependent on the USA for arms supplies , with numerous major orders planned .
Dr Sam Perlo - Freeman ( United Kingdom ) is a Senior Researcher with the SIPRI Military Expenditure and Arms Production Programme .
Catalina Perdomo ( Colombia ) was a Researcher with the Senior Researcher with the SIPRI Military Expenditure and Arms Production Programme until March 2009 .
Elisabeth Sköns ( Sweden ) is the Leader of the Senior Researcher with the SIPRI Military Expenditure and Arms Production Programme .
Petter Stålenheim ( Sweden ) was a Senior Researcher with the Senior Researcher with the SIPRI Military Expenditure and Arms Production Programme .
Here 's a video of candidate Obama promising not to change laws with signing statements and denouncing that practice as unconstitutional .
In 2007 , Obama filled out a questionnaire for the Boston Globe in which he said " It is a clear abuse of power to use such statements as a license to evade laws that the president does not like or as an end - run around provisions designed to foster accountability .
I will not use signing statements to nullify or undermine congressional instructions as enacted into law . "
Obama now does this routinely .
His nominee for the Supreme Court ( verbosely ) refused to answer a question on the constitutionality of signing statements .
She should have asked pre-election Obama to share with her his clear and compelling analysis .
Candidate Obama went beyond promising to sign and enforce laws as written ( or veto them ) .
He also promised to take each new bill that reached his desk and post it online for five days before signing or vetoing it , to give the public a chance to review it and weigh in ( video ) .
This promise was posted on Obama 's campaign website .
Of course , it would make far more sense for Congress to take this step before voting on legislation , but the president 's doing it would be a good thing .
Obama has n't taken this step with a single bill and has tended to sign them within hours .
In the same video , you can watch candidate Obama promise that when a tax bill is debated he will post online the corporations that would benefit .
He promised to post online every corporate tax break and every pork barrel project contained in new legislation .
He has not done so .
Bush did not just ignore long - standing laws and treaties and rewrite new ones with signing statements .
He also invented law out of whole cloth , publicly and privately , through executive orders , alteration of existing executive orders , memos drafted by the Office of Legal Counsel , and the creation of secret programs .
Candidate Obama promised to thoroughly review Bush 's executive orders immediately upon taking office .
Obama promised to swiftly undo all of Bush 's executive orders that " trampled on liberty . "
Obama has had six months and has failed to produce any review of Bush 's hundreds of executive orders and signing statements .
Obama has overturned a handful of Bush 's executive orders , not on the grounds that a president cannot make law , but on the grounds that the new president disagrees with those particular orders .
Obama has instructed government employees to ask his new Justice Department before complying with Bush 's signing statements , but not rejected those statements publicly on the grounds that a president cannot rewrite laws .
And , just as he has written his own law - altering signing statements , Obama has routinely written his own law - making executive orders .
He 's even floated the idea of using an executive order to create a formal program of preventive detention ( thus eliminating both the legislative branch and habeas corpus in one stroke ) .
Candidate Obama 's website defined Bush 's use of " state secrets " claims as a problem that Obama 's election would solve .
Asked about claims of " executive privilege " to keep secret activities of government employees that did not involve the president , candidate Obama told the Boston Globe " My view is that executive privilege generally depends on the involvement of the President and the White House . "
President Obama has used " state secrets " claims more broadly than did President Bush , and used them repeatedly to keep secret the rendition , torture , and warrantless spying programs created by Bush , including by re-asserting the same " state secret " claims made by Bush .
Obama 's White House has used " executive privilege " claims to block full compliance with a congressional subpoena by Karl Rove despite Rove 's claim that the President was not involved in the crimes and abuses under investigation .
Candidate Obama told the Boston Globe , " I believe the Administration ’s use of executive authority to over - classify information is a bad idea .
We need to restore the balance between the necessarily secret and the necessity of openness in our democracy – which is why I have called for a National Declassification Center . "
President Obama continues to propose this idea , while failing to act on it , and while classifying information left public by Bush .
Obama 's campaign promised : " Barack Obama will strengthen whistleblower laws to protect federal workers who expose waste , fraud , and abuse of authority in government . "
President Obama has signing statemented away constraints on his power to retaliate against whistleblowers by firing them .
The St. Petersburg Times ( Florida , not Russia ) maintains a list of Obama 's promises and tracks those kept and broken .
While this newspaper lists some important promises that have indeed been kept , I do n't share all of the same priorities ( or care that Obama promised to get his daughters a puppy and followed through ) .
And I do not want to hold a president to promises to do things only Congress can constitutionally do .
The St. Petersburg Times ignores important issues that I discuss here , but I give them credit for doing more than any other media outlet I 've seen .
They list seven broken promises ( as well as many compromised or partially fulfilled ) , and this is one of the broken ones : Candidate Obama promised not to hire lobbyists , saying , " I do n't take a dime of their [ lobbyist ] money , and when I am president , they wo n't find a job in my White House . "
Candidate Obama 's website said : " No political appointees in an Obama - Biden administration will be permitted to work on regulations or contracts directly and substantially related to their prior employer for two years .
And no political appointee will be able to lobby the executive branch after leaving government service during the remainder of the administration . "
This promise has been tossed in the trash .
Candidate Obama 's war related promises is a muddy area .
Many Americans heard Obama promise to " end the war " at rallies and interpreted that to mean something similar to what it sounds like it means .
But candidate Obama told reporters fairly consistently that he would escalate the war in Afghanistan .
And , while he denied that a president had the power to strike another nation ( such as Pakistan ) he also proposed doing just that .
And on Iraq , candidate Obama said he would withdraw all the troops over a period of 16 months , with the exception of what he called " non-combat troops " and possibly mercenaries and other contractors .
Obama 's campaign website said that he would " remove one to two combat brigades each month , and have all of our combat brigades out of Iraq within 16 months . "
But candidate Obama did not make these promises in terms of fulfilling the requirements of the treaty made between Bush and Maliki , misleadingly often called a Status of Forces Agreement ( SOFA ) .
Obama was promising a speedier withdrawal than the treaty required , and his position as a candidate was that the U.S. Senate should review the treaty .
Our Constitution makes invalid any treaty not consented to by the Senate .
With this one , Congress was not even consulted .
As president , Obama has indeed struck Pakistan repeatedly and escalated the war in Afghanistan .
It would be difficult to argue that the former is constitutional , and the constitutionality of the latter depends on the disputed claim that when Congress funds war it thereby declares war as well .
It is on Iraq , however , that President Obama differs most from candidate Obama .
President Obama no longer wants Congress to approve the Bush - Maliki treaty , but frames his own plans in its terms .
At the same time , Obama has violated the treaty 's requirement that all troops leave localities by June 2009 by reclassifying troops and redrawing urban boundaries .
The U.S. military commanded by Obama is opposing allowing the Iraqi people to vote the treaty up or down by the end of July 2009 , which was a condition of the treaty 's ratification by the Iraqi Parliament .
And top U.S. generals have openly stated their intention to violate the requirement of complete withdrawal by the end of 2011 , without any retraction of those statements being issued by the White House .
Meanwhile , Obama quickly extended his partial - withdrawal timetable from 16 to 19 months and made it subject to the wishes of the generals he supposedly commands .
Yet , even that slowed withdrawal is not happening , and the Pentagon is maintaining troop levels in Iraq at their current numbers into 2010 .
Candidate Obama promised to " end the abuse of the supplemental budgets , where much of the money has been lost , by creating [ a ] system of oversight for war funds as stringent as in the regular budget . "
President Obama then proposed a regular budget that included war funds and set the record as the largest budget for military - war spending in the history of the planet .
Shortly thereafter , Obama requested a war supplemental bill , which some congress members said they were voting for to please the president and others said they were voting for because it was the last such supplemental .
Immediately after it passed , Congressman John Murtha revealed that another supplemental was planned for later this year .
The White House did not dispute that statement .
Candidate Obama did not oppose striking Pakistan without congressional authorization , but did make statements on the idea of attacking Iran that showed his understanding that such strikes were unconstitutional .
He told the Boston Globe :
" The President does not have power under the Constitution to unilaterally authorize a military attack in a situation that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation .
As Commander - in - Chief , the President does have a duty to protect and defend the United States .
In instances of self - defense , the President would be within his constitutional authority to act before advising Congress or seeking its consent .
History has shown us time and again , however , that military action is most successful when it is authorized and supported by the Legislative branch .
It is always preferable to have the informed consent of Congress prior to any military action .
As for the specific question about bombing suspected nuclear sites , I recently introduced S.J. Res. 23 , which states in part that ' any offensive military action taken by the United States against Iran must be explicitly authorized by Congress . '
The recent NIE tells us that Iran in 2003 halted its effort to design a nuclear weapon .
While this does not mean that Iran is no longer a threat to the United States or its allies , it does give us time to conduct aggressive and principled personal diplomacy aimed at preventing Iran from developing nuclear weapons . "
The Boston Globe asked candidate Obama " Do you agree or disagree with the statement made by former Attorney General Gonzales in January 2007 that nothing in the Constitution confers an affirmative right to habeas corpus , separate from any statutory habeas rights Congress might grant or take away ? " and Obama replied : " Disagree strongly . "
Obama 's campaign statement was this :
" The right of habeas corpus allows prisoners to ask a court to determine whether they are being lawfully imprisoned .
Recently , this right has been denied to those deemed enemy combatants .
Barack Obama strongly supports bipartisan efforts to restore habeas rights .
He firmly believes that those who pose a danger to this country should be swiftly tried and brought to justice , but those who do not should have sufficient due process to ensure that we are not wrongfully denying them their liberty . "
President Obama has fought in court and made a speech in front of the U.S. Constitution at the National Archives asserting the power to do exactly what candidate Obama said was unconstitutional .
Obama is imprisoning people outside of any rule of law in Bagram and Guantanamo , and proposing to keep some of them in prison indefinitely without ever bringing them to trial .
He is proposing to formalize such a system and dress it up in " due process " reviews .
He asserts the power to render prisoners to other nations , as well .
Having promised not to render prisoners for the purpose of having them tortured , Obama now claims the power to render prisoners while promising not to use it for torture , yet failing -- in the view of many human rights advocates -- to justify the practice .
The Boston Globe asked candidate Obama : " If Congress defines a specific interrogation technique as prohibited under all circumstances , does the president 's authority as commander in chief ever permit him to instruct his subordinates to employ that technique despite the statute ? "
And Obama replied :
" No .
The President is not above the law , and the Commander - in - Chief power does not entitle him to use techniques that Congress has specifically banned as torture .
We must send a message to the world that America is a nation of laws , and a nation that stands against torture .
As President I will abide by statutory prohibitions , and have the Army Field Manual govern interrogation techniques for all United States Government personnel and contractors . "
Obama also told the Globe : " It is illegal and unwise for the President to disregard international human rights treaties that have been ratified by the United States Senate , including and especially the Geneva Conventions .
The Commander - in - Chief power does not allow the President to defy those treaties .
The detention of American citizens , without access to counsel , fair procedure , or pursuant to judicial authorization , as enemy combatants is unconstitutional .
Warrantless surveillance of American citizens , in defiance of FISA , is unlawful and unconstitutional .
The violation of international treaties that have been ratified by the Senate , specifically the Geneva Conventions , was illegal ( as the Supreme Court held ) and a bad idea . "
But , of course , President Obama has declared his predecessor and his predecessors ' lawyers to be above the law and forbidden the Attorney General of the United States to prosecute lawyers who facilitated torture or torturers who claimed to rely on those lawyers ' memos .
When candidate Obama went back on a promise to filibuster immunity for telecoms that violated FISA and the Fourth Amendment , many believed he would reverse his position once elected president .
He has not done so , and has gone out of his way to continue protecting the secrecy and immunity given to such crimes .
Numerous reports find torture to be ongoing ( as might easily be predicted for a crime not being punished ) , the new director of the CIA has stated that the new president maintains the power to torture , and presidential advisor David Axelrod refuses to dispute that assertion .
Obama 's promise to close Guantanamo was always a dubious promise , because Guantanamo was never the only location where the United States was holding prisoners outside the rule of law and abusing them .
Candidate Obama called closing Guantanamo the first step he would need to take .
The St. Petersburg Times classifies this promise as stalled .
In Obama 's defense , Congress is resisting this move .
Against that defense , Obama is not trying very hard and refuses to counter some of the key lies used by fear - mongers to keep Guantanamo open .
Another promise that the Times considers stalled is Obama 's promise to " reject the Military Commissions Act . "
Obama now supports the use of military commissions .
Candidate Obama promised to immediately have his attorney general review whether his predecessors had committed any crimes .
This promise ignored the then public knowledge of indisputable crimes awaiting prosecution , and ignored the fact that an attorney general has this responsibility with or without a presidential directive .
But it was a promise that went in the direction of upholding the rule of law , something President Obama has run from , while Attorney General Eric Holder has told the media he might consider it but would have to overcome pressure from the President not to .
While my own work is focused on ending abuses of power through accountability and systemic reforms , there are many other areas in which President Obama has broken his campaign promises .
Obama promised that he would work to renegotiate NAFTA to respect the rights of workers and to protect the environment .
He opposed " free - trade " agreements with Colombia and South Korea .
Now the President supports such new agreements and has shown no interest in renegotiating NAFTA .
Candidate Obama promised to support the Employee Free Choice Act , and while he has not explicitly opposed it he has not as president made a priority of passing it the way he has done with healthcare , and economic stimulus , and other pieces of legislation .
With Congress working to pass a healthcare bill that the president approves of but working to gut the Employee Free Choice Act , President Obama 's public statements are focused on healthcare .
However , meetings on healthcare organized by the White House have generally been behind closed doors rather than televised on C - Span as candidate Obama promised .
Candidate Obama promised to support eliminating capital gains taxes for small businesses , providing a refundable tax credit to businesses that hire new employees , suspending 401 ( k ) withdrawal penalties , ending income taxes for seniors making less than $ 50,000 , creating a $ 4,000 college credit , allowing bankruptcy judges to modify the terms of a home mortgage , enacting a windfall profits tax for oil companies , repealing the Defense of Marriage Act , and recognizing the Armenian genocide .
None of these promises have been kept .
Obama has not supported these steps as president .
While candidate Obama promised to end unconstitutional violations in Bush 's " faith - based " programs , president Obama has moved in the opposite direction .
I voted for Barack Obama for president with my eyes wide open .
He refused to promise most of what I wanted .
His best promises at rallies were hedged and minimized in interviews .
And when he promised specific positive actions , I did n't believe him .
But a lot of people did .
And a lot of people believed the vague , soaring promises at the rallies as well .
A lot of people even just assumed he'd promised things he never had , because he intentionally avoided taking any position .
He 's even made wonderful remarks as president while simultaneously taking quite different actions .
It 's worth focusing , however , on the key promises that candidate Obama actually did unequivocally make , and how they compare to six months of Obama 's presidency .
And , as always , it 's worth quoting Willie Nelson :
" And the bewildered herd is still believing
Everything we ’ve been told from our birth
Hell they wo n’t lie to me
Not on my own damn TV
But how much is a liars word worth
And whatever happened to peace on earth "
The lesson is not that you voted for the wrong guy , given the choices .
The lesson is not that rightwingers who hate Obama are right about anything .
The lesson is not even that Obama has betrayed you .
The key lesson should be that change does not come from electing someone .
Change comes from forcing our culture to change , creating better communications systems , and disrupting the pleasant existence of our representatives in Congress .
But we 'll never stop cheering for nonviolent activists in other countries and become them ourselves as long as we believe our role consists of loving or hating an elected official , and one whose job was supposed to consist of merely executing the will of the legislative branch .
If your cellphone has a musical ringtone , step back and appreciate it the next time a friend dials you — according to the American Society of Composers , Authors , and Publishers , you 're listening to a performance .
In the latest sign of just how confusing the music licensing system is , ASCAP is suing AT&T over the carrier 's sale of musical ringtones , looking for a cut of the revenue — even though the carrier is already paying for the download rights to these tunes .
In a recent filing unearthed by the Electronic Frontier Foundation , ASCAP says that download payments are n't enough because each ring constitutes a performance .
The brief came in response to a motion by AT&T to have the case dismissed .
It was filed under seal on the 12th of June , but has only been made public after some of the figures , such as AT&T 's ringtone revenue numbers , were redacted .
The document lays out a rough history of ASCAP 's interactions with various ringtone providers .
Many of them had apparently been paying performance licensing fees for years , and some continue to do so .
A number , however , have apparently stopped paying in recent years , following a court 's decision in a case involving AOL and the precise nature of downloaded music .
AT&T apparently never bothered paying performance fees in the first place , but is now citing the download decision as part of its argument for summary dismissal .
ASCAP still firmly believes that the download decision was made in error ( it says the same thing about the Cablevision DVR decision , which AT&T's lawyers also cited ) , but that should n't matter anyway : unlike those downloads , a ringtone is a performance .
Despite the fact that shopping for ringtones seems to be quite similar to shopping for other music , ASCAP does cite a couple of ways in which there are differences , beyond the obvious ( ie , that AT&T can trigger the playing of the track at will ) .
AT&T actually has control over where the track gets stored on most phones , and it remains tied to the carrier — if you switch providers , you lose the track .
As such , ASCAP has concluded that " when a ringtone plays to signal an incoming call , it is obviously a performance . "
Even though AT&T can't control when those calls happen ( or if the user has muted their hardware ) , the group argues that it 's created a joint liability with its customers , and in no way deserves to have the case thrown out .
The EFF 's Fred von Lohman , who analyzed the filing , argues that the brief ignores some well - defined areas of precedent and the legal code .
In short , he concludes that , if a ringtone constitutes a public performance , then so does playing the car radio when the windows are down .
It seems unlikely that this filing will be well received by the courts .
In addition to claiming that two of the relevant precedents were decided wrongly , it 's filled with hyperbolic statements , such as where ASCAP claims , " AT&T has gone much further than Napster ever did . "
Regardless , it highlights what has been a recurring problem with copyright law in the digital era : digital media , and the DRM that controls their function , blur the neat lines between a broadcast and physical media .
Combine that ambiguity with the fact that groups like ASCAP have a mandate to get their members as much revenue as they can , and you have a recipe for lawsuits whenever someone tries to do something new with digital raw material .
Related Articles :
Beginning with the infamous Mary Kay Letourneau case in 1995 , Americans have been fascinated with female teachers who cross the line and have sexual relationships with their students .
According to an AP study , between 2001 and 2005 , 2,570 educators had their teaching credentials revoked , denied , surrendered or sanctioned following allegations of sexual misconduct .
While only ten percent of those teachers were women , female teachers who have slept with their students receive the lion 's share of media attention .
We decided to see just how much attention has been paid .
Looking at search trends , news reports , and blogosphere chatter , we determined the fifty most infamous female teacher sex scandals .
We 've compiled the list below , hoping to shed light on a growing concern within our education system .
Full list is below :
These are probably some of the funniest , cutest , and most honest music reviews you ’ll ever see .
The people over at Scrapple. tv run a weekly web TV show called Breakfast at Sulimay ’s .
The show takes place inside a diner in the Fishtown neighborhood of Philly .
Every week , Bill , Ann , and Joe listen to some current artists and give us their honest , unadulterated opinions .
In this video they review Dan Deacon ’s “ Snookered , ” The Doves ’ “ Kingdom of Rust . ” I ca n’t get enough of these .
Why are they hating so much on Dan Deacon ?
On a side note , Joe is the man .
[ media id=58 width=570 height=321 ]
Check out these other two classic episodes below :
[ media id=56 width=570 height=321 ]
“ This guy takes us right into the ghetto … ” - Joe
[ media id=57 width=570 height=321 ]
Look at Bill and Ann gang up on Joe for not liking Bon Iver
WASHINGTON  A plan to create a new Pentagon cybercommand is raising significant privacy and diplomatic concerns , as the Obama administration moves ahead on efforts to protect the nation from cyberattack and to prepare for possible offensive operations against adversaries ’ computer networks .
President Obama has said that the new cyberdefense strategy he unveiled last month will provide protections for personal privacy and civil liberties .
But senior Pentagon and military officials say that Mr. Obama ’s assurances may be challenging to guarantee in practice , particularly in trying to monitor the thousands of daily attacks on security systems in the United States that have set off a race to develop better cyberweapons .
Much of the new military command ’s work is expected to be carried out by the National Security Agency , whose role in intercepting the domestic end of international calls and e-mail messages after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , under secret orders issued by the Bush administration , has already generated intense controversy .
There is simply no way , the officials say , to effectively conduct computer operations without entering networks inside the United States , where the military is prohibited from operating , or traveling electronic paths through countries that are not themselves American targets .
STROUDSBURG , Pa. --
Two senior citizen sisters accused of selling heroin in northeastern Pennsylvania are trying to work out a plea bargain .
The Monroe County district attorney has said that 70 - year - old Elizabeth Grube and 65 - year - old Elaine Volkert , both of Stroud Township , were making up to $ 10,000 a week in profits .
They gave up their right to a preliminary hearing Wednesday .
Grube 's lawyer , Jason LaBar , says " the ladies got caught up in something and just kept rolling along . "
He says the defendants are cooperating with authorities and hope to avoid jail time .
Assistant District Attorney Michael Mancuso says he hopes the defendants ' cooperation will cause prosecution of higher - level dealers .
More PSP game news is flowing from E3 .
This time , Resident Evil , Harry Potter will be hitting Sony ’s portable console .
This , along with the just announced Metal Gear Solid : Peace Walker , Motorstorm and LittleBigPlanet make for a solid PSP lineup .
A Central Intelligence Agency employee who died on a trail near Palm Springs was identified Saturday as a 64 - year - old Fort Collins , Colo. , resident .
Robert Allen Liebler was found dead on a trail about 100 feet west of West Arenas Road and South Tahquitz Drive about 11 a.m.
Sunday amid 100 - degree - plus heat , according to a coroner 's spokesman .
Liebler was a Colorado State University professor and CIA communications expert , who had been working in the Palm Springs area , the Desert Sun reported .
Liebler , who had a doctorate from the University of Michigan , specialized in discrete mathematics and did security work for the U.S. government , a friend and former colleague , Ben Manvel , told the newspaper .
Liebler worked for the " brains branch " of the CIA , developing secret codes for stealth communication , he said .
Liebler , reported missing Saturday , was in Palm Springs working with a local think tank , Manvel said .
He began his hike up the Carl Lykken Trail with a friend about 3:45 a.m. Saturday .
About three hours later , he told the friend he was cramping up and headed back .
Liebler and his hiking partner were going to meet a group of about 15 other people who had taken the Palm Springs Aerial Tramway up to the top of Mount San Jacinto , according to police .
Liebler 's body was found about 75 feet off the nearest trail .
Another body was found along a trail in a same general vicinity about two hours earlier , but that man 's has not been made public .
His decomposing body was found west of Museum Drive and north of Belardo Road .
Though coroner 's investigators think they know who he is , they have been unable to positively identify him yet through dental records or fingerprints .
" The state of the remains do n't allow identification by photos , " a deputy coroner said .
" We 're identifying him by other means . "
In the past six months , four bodies have been recovered from the shadeless terrain above Palm Springs .
Charles Taylor played the role of soldier , president and now defendant
In our series of weekly viewpoints from African journalists , former BBC editor and Ghanaian minister Elizabeth Ohene , relives her unforgettable encounters with Charles Taylor , the former Liberian president currently defending himself against war crimes charges .
Not much had changed .
It was the same self - assured , flamboyant performer .
I must confess it gave me quite a start to hear that voice on television say : Dr Charles Ghankay Taylor .
The memories came flooding in ...
The Charles Taylor story is well known , so where do I start with my Charles Taylor story ?
Boxing Day , 1989 .
The day after Christmas Day , Boxing Day is usually a slow day in newsrooms , and the four of us who were at work in the BBC's Focus on Africa office that Boxing Day were probably cursing our luck that we were at work when most other people were nursing their Christmas hangovers at home .
The phone rang and the voice at the end said he was Charles Taylor , he had launched an invasion into Liberia to throw out the head of state , Master Sergeant Samuel Kanyon Doe .
' No better than a murderer ' I do not remember if there were any arguments among us about whether we should give him the exposure .
But that is not the point today and as the old cliche goes , the rest is history .
Taylor 's rebellion was notorious for its use of child soldiers
He was interviewed and the Liberian rebel war was introduced to the world - and with it a certain notoriety for the programme .
As time went by and Focus on Africa continued with what was to become a daily chronicle of the war , the internal arguments and agonising did take place in the office .
But hey , the man made great radio .
Gift of the gab - if ever anyone had it , that was Charles Taylor .
Probably the most famous of the verbal sparring between editor Robin White and Charles Taylor went something like this ...
Robin
White : " Mr Taylor , some people think you are not much better than a murderer . "
Charles Taylor : ( guffaws ) " Robin , Jesus Christ was accused of being a murderer in his time . "
Okay , I know Jesus Christ was accused of many things in his time but I cannot recall him being accused of murder ; all the same you get the drift and must concede it made riveting radio .
' He killed my ma ' Fast - forward to 1997 and I am in Liberia to cover the elections that would eventually make Charles Taylor president .
Mr Taylor was eventually charged over the war in Sierra Leone My abiding memories of that assignment and the face - to - face encounters with Charles Taylor must surely be the chant of his youthful supporters .
There were thousands of them , all clad in yellow Taylor T - shirts and they would run up and down the streets of Monrovia chanting : " He killed my ma , he killed my pa , I 'll vote for him . "
When I interviewed him , he brought up the matter of the chant .
" Have you heard them ? " he asked .
" They mean it , you know , and they love me . "
And indeed they voted for him , and he became president .
Did he make up that chant himself , as some suggested ?
I tackled him on that and as I recall it he simply laughed , but again you must admit he can put words together to make good radio .
Reluctant dinner guest Fast - forward again to the year 2002 and I am a minister of state in Ghana when a then " under- pressure - to - step - down " President Taylor arrives for a summit of the West African bloc Ecowas , and I am asked to be his ministerial escort .
CHARLES TAYLOR CHARGES Violation of humanitarian law : Conscripting child soldiers Crimes against humanity : Terrorising civilians , murder , rape , sexual slavery , enslavement War crimes : " Violence to life " , cruel treatment ( including hacking off limbs ) , pillage
Charles Taylor denies cannibalism Taylor defiant as testimony begins Preacher , warlord , president I am afraid the abiding memory of that encounter was the last evening of the summit when Ghanaian President John Kufuor hosted a dinner at the hotel in which all the visiting presidents were staying .
I arrived to take Charles Taylor to the dinner at the seafront of the hotel .
He was reluctant to go and I could not immediately work out what the problem was because he would not say .
I managed to get him out of his room , we walked for a few yards and could see ahead of us the dinner laid out and the guests .
He stopped , and have I mentioned that he was surrounded all the time by four hefty bodyguards ?
We never made it to the dinner - he did not feel safe .
Not even the presence of all the other presidents could convince Mr Taylor it was safe to go and eat in an outdoor setting ; he looked and acted like a hunted man .
He ended up with room service for his dinner that night and I cannot remember any great witty remarks .
He will doubtless keep the courtroom in The Hague spellbound with his oratory and choice phrases .
I shall be watching carefully to see if the judges are also mesmerised by his performance .
I wonder whether that macabre chant will be resurrected , this time ending with the words Taylor used the day he was forced out of Liberia :
He killed my ma , he killed my pa ... and he will be back .
Read some of your comments :
The first time I saw Mr Taylor it was 1990 at the time I was only ten year old .
He had just captured Harbel , the administrative seat of Firestone , Liberia 's largest rubber plantation .
After the successful capture of most of these places , he will visit the areas to tell the residents that he came to free the Liberian people , as exampled by the name of his group -" FREEDOM FIGHTERS " .
There are lots of things that I will remember about Charles Taylor 's rule .
Just to name a few , the secret killing of those he felt were threat to his dictatorial behaviour .
the free flow of money from his officials to needy people , especially during their happy times .
The conscription of able body young men to fight for him .
Mr. Taylor is remembered for his strong position against western influence in Africa .
Henry , Monrovia , Liberia
I will remember Charles Taylor as the worst president my country ( Liberia ) ever had .
I lived under his presidency until he lifts for where he is today .
I have never met him physically , but I will never forget Charles Taylor 's revolt of Dec 1989 .
Oliver , Kinshasa , DR Congo
It is clear that Taylor was a convincing man who had his way easily with the Liberian people before his Presidency in 1997 .
People were convinced that he could deliver us and bring about peace that we long desired .
After he took over as president we saw his brutal side .
He ruled with Iron hand .
Justifying his every action by means of the gun .
Who dared stand against him ... life was hard and fearful under his rule .
It our so called freedom felt like slavery .
slavery is the right word .
Today i am happy to be a Liberian once more because Taylor is no longer around to bring shame and disgrace to our belong country .
Long live Liberia the land of liberty for all .
Mark , Monrovia , Liberia Taylor was a monster and his regime was even worse then the late Dictator Samuel K. Doe .
In the Anti Terrorist Unit ( ATU ) there was so many Sierra Leone and Liberian Youths from the RUF and NPFL beating people at night .
I met Mr. Taylor on Broad Street and was shock to see this short guy surrounded by huge bodyguards and I thought to myself is this small man causing all the trouble in the south region .
Seltue , Yes , I did live in Liberia during his so called presidency .
I met him in person and shook hands with him .
i can only remember him being very destructive , disorder in doing things , buying new car for any sweet girl .
Patick , Monrovia
He is good man , when he took power , why did America not try to take him out , they work with him and take our mineral .
When he became wise and decide not to try and give our mineral - then America call him killer and try to put him in jail .
Mat , Freetown Taylor made many Liberians and Sierra Leoneans life miserable - it about time he face justice .
So this time , " He killed my ma , he killed my pa " let him pay for it .
Albert , Columbia , USA
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
a one stop shop for all your marketing needs !
Silicon Valley Graphics knows what your business needs !
That ’s why we offer all kinds of customized printing only for you .
A Chat With “ Harper ’s Island ” Victim # 12
It was a gut - wrenching death on this week ’s “ Harper ’s Island , ” partly because it was gruesome , partly because you were forced to sit there knowing full well that it was impending and could n’t be stopped , but mostly because it was a character we knew more about than just about anyone else on the show .
This is another one of those cases where , although I was n’t rooting for this person to get the call from Karim , I was still very much looking forward to talking to the actor in question … and , in fact , I enjoyed the interview so much that , although I ’m not going to mention the person until after the jump , I will at least say this much to random web surfers who happen upon this entry : you do n’t have to be a dedicated viewer of “ Harper ’s Island ” to click onward .
You could just be a fan of the work of David Milch ( “ Deadwood , ” “ John from Cincinnati ” ) , or of “ Supernatural , ” and you ’d still enjoy reading what lies after the jump .
So what are you waiting for ?
( Special thanks go out to Bullz - Eye ’s legendary layout man , Brian Smith , who – even though his wife is expecting a child at any minute – still found time to help a brother out by putting together this week ’s header graphic for me , since I had a computer crash last week and still have n’t rescued Microsoft Office from the old system .
His graphics work kicks the ass of anything I ’ve done … but , then again , that ’s what he gets paid to do , and I ’m taking comfort in that . )
Premium Hollywood :
Hey , Jim , how ’re you doing ?
Jim Beaver : Hey , Will !
PH : Good to talk to you .
JB : Same here !
PH : Well , as a well - known character actor , arguably the most famous face on the show besides maybe Harry Hamlin and Richard Burgi , did they approach you to be on “ Harper ’s Island , ” or was it your traditional audition process ?
JB : I think it was probably kind of a mixture , because Jon Turteltaub , one of the executive producers , is an old , dear personal friend of mine , although I ’d never worked for him before .
And then the other executive producer , Jeff Bell , I had done a series for last year called “ Daybreak . ”
So I think they knew pretty early that they might have some interest in me , but at the same time , I did come in to audition .
So I think it was a mixture of the two .
PH : How quickly did you and Elaine Cassidy ( Abby ) pull together your characters ’ father - daughter relationship ?
I would think it ’d be a little easier than most such situations , just because the characters had n’t been close in ages .
JB : Well , the material in the script was very rich in terms of suggesting how that relationship should be played , and Elaine is a very intuitive and empathetic actor .
Just from the very first moment that we met , the relationship seemed to build rather naturally , except for the fact that , in real life , we did n’t have any strain between us .
But I think we grew very fond of one another very quickly , and it made it very easy to play , “ What if these two people who cared about each other had this big strain in their relationship ? ”
So I think it came together rather quickly and rather organically .
PH : I ’m sure I ’m not the only viewer who , when Madison dropped the bombshell that it was the sheriff who ’d kidnapped her , said , “ No way , man , I ’m not buying it ! ”
Did you know at the time that line appeared in the script if it was true or not ?
JB : ( Laughs )
At the time that line appeared in the script , I do n’t believe I did know whether it was true or not .
The way they structured the production … for about 99.999 % of all of the information , the actors were kept in the dark up until we saw the scripts , and if the script alluded to something we did n’t understand , then we did n’t find it out until the next script explained it .
So , no , I think when …you know , to me , I really enjoyed the game of making a show this way , where I and the other actors were guessing along with the audience … albeit , y’know , several months earlier .
( Laughs )
And so sometimes they would have us say or do things that completely caught us by surprise , and , yeah , at the point that Madison said that the sheriff had kidnapped her , I had no idea whether I had or not .
PH : I ’ve heard some of the actors say that they would sit around and work out the intricate explanations as to how their character could be the killer .
JB : Oh , yeah .
Yeah , you know , it was kind of a parlor game with us at nights and on the weekends and sitting around on set , trying to figure out and trying to eliminate possibilities .
I do n’t think anybody wanted …
I think everybody was kind of anxious to find out , but I do n’t think anybody wanted to be told in advance .
I ’m not sure .
It kind of would ’ve ruined the game , like , while you ’re watching a tape of the game , somebody coming in in the second inning and telling you who won .
( Laughs )
PH : One of the photos I ’ve got for this piece is of you looking at your cell phone , and I was going to put the caption , “ Karim Zreik ?
Oh , hell , I ’m not answering that .
They ca n’t kill me if I do n’t answer ! ”
JB : ( Laughs )
That ’s funny !
PH : How did you find out that you were n’t coming back to “ Harper ’s Island ” ?
JB : Well , apparently , from what I ’ve heard from the other cast members so far , I ’m kind of a solitary example , because Karim ( Zreik ) did n’t tell me .
I got a call from Jeff Bell , one of the executive producers , and so because it was from Jeff , I was n’t particularly expecting what he was calling about .
But I was sitting in my apartment , probably watching television , and he called and …y ’know , it was very business - like .
It was , “ Well , Jim , we ’re gonna kill you off in this next episode . ”
And I said , “ Oh , okay .
How does it happen ? ”
It was n’t a lot of weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth .
I figured ten episodes out of thirteen , when two or three people are getting lopped off every episode , I was doing pretty well to make it that far .
PH : You defied the odds , definitely .
JB : Yeah !
PH : When you were in the forest , that scream you gave … ?
I really believed you had been hit in the leg with a knife .
JB : ( Laughs )
Well , you know , it ’s funny , because the first time we rehearsed it , I think I was probably trying to be a little too much John Wayne , because the director said , “ Uh , you know , Jim , this really , really , really hurts . ”
“ Oh. Okay . ”
So the next time we took it , I spit my larynx out somewhere in the forest there .
It was a pretty miserable day , but it was n’t because of the stake in my leg .
PH : I was going to ask you how you enjoyed the scenes in the woods .
I ’ve gotten mixed reports from the other actors .
JB : Well , that day , that one day with the spike or whatever it was that went into my leg , the day we shot that was the single most miserable day of my entire career , in terms of physical discomfort .
PH : Wow .
“ That better not be Karim calling , because …oh , phew , it ’s only Jeff Bell ! ”
JB : It was right around freezing , and it was raining buckets all day .
Everybody else was bundled up in three or four down jackets , and they all looked like the Michelin Man , and I was out there in street clothes , crawling around in the mud and covered in fake blood .
And it took all day .
It was wet and miserable and very , very cold .
But , you know , what , give up show biz ?
( Laughs )
PH : So what is it with you and sheriffs ?
You ’ve played half a dozen of them in your career .
Is it the beard ?
Does it give you the authority - figure vibe ?
JB : I do n’t think it ’s the beard , because most of the sheriffs I ’ve played have been before I … I grew the beard for “ Deadwood ” back in 2002 , and just because so many of my jobs have overlapped , I have n’t been able to get rid of it !
( Laughs )
But , no , I do n’t think it ’s the beard .
In fact , I think I ’ve only played two sheriffs with beards , and I ’ve always wondered about it , because I think they probably look askance at that in real life , but …I do n’t know , it seems to be one of the niches I fit in pretty easily .
It ’s probably a certain dry or quiet aspect to my onscreen persona .
I really do n’t know .
It ’s kind of a kick for me , because every other show , every other film that comes along has a sheriff in it , so it ’s been a nice thing for my career .
But I do n’t quite know how to explain it .
( Laughs )
I ’m not nearly as tough as I play , so it ca n’t be that !
PH : Well , I guess having your character killed on “ Deadwood ” has probably saved you from being asked over and over again what you ’ve heard about a “ Deadwood ” movie .
JB : Well , no , it actually has n’t .
( Laughs ) I still get asked .
PH : Oh , well .
JB : Everybody who followed that show really wanted to see some more of it , as did I .
It was not only one of my favorite jobs ever , but it was also one of my favorite shows ever , even if I had n’t been connected with it . , and I would ’ve loved to have seen it extended somehow .
But I ’m afraid that ship has long since sailed .
PH : Were you surprised at the way Ellsworth ’s storyline developed with Alma , or was it something that you kind of saw coming ?
JB : No , I did n’t see that coming at all !
I mean , c’mon , you saw me in the beginning of that show : I had green and yellow and black teeth , stringy hair , and a Gabby Hayes beard .
I was covered in filth .
Yeah , of course I ’m going to marry the richest woman in town !
No , I was really pleasantly surprised , and that ’s one of the things I loved about doing “ Deadwood . ”
To me , that was one of the greatest character arcs in television history !
( Laughs ) I always likened it to a Roy Rogers movie where Gabby Hayes marries Dale Evans .
Yeah , I was very surprised .
I mean , of course , it came on gradually , so I began to see things coming , but I certainly never expected anything like that when we started .
PH : Did you have any more idea what “ John from Cincinnati ” was about than anyone else did ?
JB : Not particularly .
( Laughs )
I … the thing with me is that there is n’t a word David Milch could write that I would n’t willingly get in front of a camera and say .
I trust him as a writer and as an artist , and I think he had powerful and meaningful things to say with that show .
I think not all of them were made clear .
I do feel like the show suffered from a lack of support from the powers that be at the time , because it started out to be a 13 - episode season , and then it got cut down to 12 , and then 11 , and then 10 .
And all the time , David is having to restructure in order to get as much of his concept for the first season into a reduced season .
I think it just got harder and harder for the message to come through .
I think …well , I look on that show kind of like I look on great music : I do n’t always understand what it means , but to me , there was always a sense that something wonderful was happening .
Even if I did n’t quite understand it .
( Laughs )
But I think it might ’ve cleared up quite a bit if it ’d been given a second season .
PH : Any talk of you making it into a trifecta and doing a stint on “ Last of the Ninth , ” his new HBO series ?
JB : Well , the last I heard … and do n’t hold me to this …was that HBO did n’t pick it up .
But as far as David Milch is concerned , I ’m always up for a trifecta .
I ’ll sweep up on one of his sets , because he ’s … I always felt I knew what a genius was until I met him .
It ’s been a total honor and privilege to have been associated with two of his shows , and I hope the chance arises again , but from what I ’ve heard , “ Last of the Ninth ” is n’t going to be it … for me or anybody else .
I ’m not real sure where things stand , but my understanding is that they ’re not going forward with it .
( Writer ’s note : A call to Red Board Productions , which produced “ Deadwood ” and “ John from Cincinnati , ” resulted in uncertainty where things stood with the HBO deal .
I was told , “ We filmed part of it , but we ’re not making it at the moment . ”
HBO confirmed the bad news , saying , “ We are not going forward with ‘ Last of the Ninth . ’
Milch , however , is developing other projects to pitch us . ”
So based on the phrasing at Red Board , does that mean the show could yet end up somewhere else ?
Or is that just wishful thinking on my part ? )
PH : Since turning up “ Supernatural , ” do you ever wear flannel off the clock anymore ?
JB : Oh , my gosh , I never wear flannel !
( Laughs )
You know , the sartorial similarities between me and Bobby Singer are pretty much restricted to baseball caps , and if I ever got on a show where I could cut my hair off , I would n’t even wear those .
Yeah , I kind of like the look they have for Bobby , but I do n’t dress like that .
And , of course , they ’ve got him so layered up that every time I run into a fan in real life , they say , “ Oh !
You ’re so much thinner than you look on television ! ” ( Laughs )
With enough layers , you start to look kind of paunchy …and , of course , I ’m actually built just like Jared and Jensen .
PH : Of course .
JB : Exactly like them .
PH : So was the role of Bobby Singer always intended to be a recurring one , or did it turn into one over the course of the evolution of the show ?
JB : I think it turned into one .
Again , that was a case where I had worked for the producer , Robert Singer , my namesake … ( Laughs ) … years before on a show , so we knew each other , but when I came in to do that first episode , it was just a one - shot , a guest appearance , as far as I was concerned .
And I believe it was just a one - shot as far as they were concerned .
But I remember the crew saying , “ Well , hey , we rarely get guest stars who do n’t die , so maybe you ’ll be back ! ”
And then it turned out that I came back right away .
I think it was the second appearance when they began to think , “ You know , this character could actually fill a slot we need in the structure of the show . ”
But I ’m not sure that they had any idea of that at the beginning .
PH : I know Katie ( the lovely publicist for “ Harper ’s Island ” ) is going to be getting on the line any minute , so I ’ll go ahead and make this my last one , but I interviewed Allen Coulter when his film “ Hollywoodland ” was released on DVD …
JB : Oh , yeah !
PH : … and you were credited on the film as “ Biographical Consultant . ”
How does that work ?
Do you go through the script with a red pen , circling things and writing , “ Dubious claim , never substantiated ” ?
JB : Well , you know , I did n’t have a technical title on that show .
Allen and I at one time shared an agent , and this agent – Paul Alan Smith – knew that I had been working for years on a biography of George Reeves , and when his other client , Allen , ended up directing it , he put us together .
Basically , they asked a lot of questions of what I thought had happened and how certain things worked , and they sent me the scripts , and I looked at them and said , “ This never happened , ” or , “ This would n’t have happened . ”
And in some cases , they took my advice , and in some cases , they were far enough along in the production process that they could n’t make the changes .
So there are some things in the film that I wish were n’t in the film , because they were n’t completely true to real life , but by and large I thought they did a wonderful job with the film .
And I also thought that they were enormously attentive to what I had to say .
Whether they could make use of everything I had to say is a separate matter , but they really wanted to know as much true information as they could find , even down to the point where they called me up and asked me to send pictures of the real - life versions of even minor characters , so that they could cast closer to the physical types .
And in a lot of cases , these were people who did n’t … nobody would ’ve known the difference other than maybe relatives of the people .
( Laughs )
So they were very attentive to detail , and any failures of detail , I think , had more to do with things like budgets and the fact that I came into the process relatively late in the pre-production .
A lot of things were set by the time I became part of it .
PH : Well , it ’s been a real pleasure talking to you , Jim .
I ’ve got your new book , “ Life ’s That Way , ” sitting in my Amazon shopping cart as we speak .
JB : Oh , well , thank you !
PH : I ’m really looking forward to reading it , and I ’ll include a link to the website , too .
JB : Oh , great .
Thanks a lot ; I appreciate that .
PH : Hey , anybody who can go from writer to actor …as a writer , I appreciate that .
JB : Oh , well , thanks .
And , trust me , that ’s the easy direction to go .
( Laughs )
Going from actor to writer is a little tougher !
* Missed our interview with Victim # 1 ?
Go check it out !
* Missed our interview with Victims # 2 and # 3 ?
Go check it out !
* Missed our interview with Victim # 4 ?
Go check it out !
* Missed our interview with Victim # 5 ?
Go check it out !
* Missed our interview with Victim # 6 ?
Go check it out !
* Missed our interview with Victim # 7 ?
Go check it out !
* Missed our interview with Victim # 8 ?
Go check it out !
* Missed our interview with Victim # 9 ?
Go check it out !
* Missed our interview with Victims # 10 and # 11 ?
Go check it out !
UNREST IN IRAN : Please HELP
Yesterday was the Iranian presidential election .
I drove to Ottawa to vote .
More than 85 % of eligible voters voted , of which about 80 % of those voted for Mousavi , that is , against current president Ahmadinejad .
I actually campaigned to encourage voting , by launching Lotfan.org last weekend .
Overnight however , a silent coup happens .
The votes are never counted !
Imaginary numbers are pushed out in the state - run TV as actuals :
The first counts , from rural places , start with Ahmadinejad getting 69 % of the votes .
Which sounds not right , but not unrealistic for rural places .
What we notice as being very very weird in our 5 hour drive back to Toronto is , as the total of votes counted goes up from 5 millions to 10 , 15 , 21 , 24 , 25 , 28 , 29 , 30 millions , the balance does n't change much .
In fact , as facebookers and bloggers soon discovered ,
Same pattern applies for other candidates , which consistently get 1 % and 2 % of the vote , with Mousavi and Ahmadinejad converging to a 1:2 ratio .
The first three hours , they " counted " 20 million votes , a very unusually high rate .
The next three hours , only 10 .
Then there 's silence for six hours .
No one 's responding .
Mousavi and Karroubi are pretty much non-existent on the net and news .
Karbaschi , the former Tehran mayor and Karroubi's VP stopped tweeting at 4 am , saying that they have to wait to hear from Khamenei , the Supreme Leader , and he would n't tweet for ten hours .
It 's this time that bloggers find about the all made up numbers .
The following " photo " of the Iran map on fire storms Facebook profile photos :
There 's a freaking silence in the air .
Makhmalbaf , the world - famous Iranian director who is associated with Mousavi 's campaign talks to foreign media and warns about the coup .
People in Iran wake up to an election lost , and life looks normal .
Except that it 's not .
A coup is going on .
Mousavi , Karroubi , Rafsanjani , and all other prominent figures are waiting for Supreme Leader 's word .
Election results are postponed from 8 am , to 10 , to noon , to 2 , and to 4 pm .
The results are finally out and the Supreme Leader approves the election results .
Storm of people in the street .
Being shot :
The police alleging protesters of violence , but who 's breaking the windshield on these cars ?
Well , judge yourself :
This is the start of a new era in Iran .
The videos are being uploaded and circulated widely on Facebook AS WE SPEAK .
Like this , or this , or this .
Iran is a different place today .
Please HELP .
Contact : help at behdad.org
Live Stream of The AmazIng Meeting 7 from the South Point hotel casino .
Selected by the Guardian ’s Review team and a panel of expert judges , this list includes only novels – no memoirs , no short stories , no long poems – from any decade and in any language .
Originally published in thematic supplements – love , crime , comedy , family and self , state of the nation , science fiction and fantasy , war and travel – they appear here for the first time in a single list .
Feel we ’ve left off a crucial book ?
Email to us with your nomination and an explanation in no more than 150 words at review@theguardian.com , or post your submission to The Guardian , Kings Place , 90 York Way , London N1 9GU , by 4 February .
Comedy
Lucky Jim by Kingsley Amis
Money by Martin Amis
The Information by Martin Amis
The Bottle Factory Outing by Beryl Bainbridge
According to Queeney by Beryl Bainbridge
Flaubert ’s Parrot by Julian Barnes
A History of the World in 10 1/2 Chapters by Julian Barnes
Augustus Carp , Esq. by Himself : Being the Autobiography of a Really Good Man by Henry Howarth Bashford
Molloy by Samuel Beckett
Zuleika Dobson by Max Beerbohm
The Adventures of Augie March by Saul Bellow
The Uncommon Reader by Alan Bennett
Queen Lucia by EF Benson
The Ascent of Rum Doodle by WE Bowman
A Good Man in Africa by William Boyd
The History Man by Malcolm Bradbury
No Bed for Bacon by Caryl Brahms and SJ Simon
Illywhacker by Peter Carey
A Season in Sinji by JL Carr
The Harpole Report by JL Carr
The Hearing Trumpet by Leonora Carrington
Mister Johnson by Joyce Cary
The Horse ’s Mouth by Joyce Cary
Don Quixote by Miguel de Cervantes
The Case of the Gilded Fly by Edmund Crispin
Just William by Richmal Crompton
The Provincial Lady by EM Delafield
Slouching Towards Kalamazoo by Peter De Vries
The Pickwick Papers by Charles Dickens
Martin Chuzzlewit by Charles Dickens
Jacques the Fatalist and his Master by Denis Diderot
A Fairy Tale of New York by JP Donleavy
The Commitments by Roddy Doyle
Ennui by Maria Edgeworth
Cheese by Willem Elsschot
Bridget Jones ’s Diary by Helen Fielding
Joseph Andrews by Henry Fielding
Tom Jones by Henry Fielding
Caprice by Ronald Firbank
Bouvard et Pécuchet by Gustave Flaubert
Towards the End of the Morning by Michael Frayn
The Polygots by William Gerhardie
Cold Comfort Farm by Stella Gibbons
Dead Souls by Nikolai Gogol
Oblomov by Ivan Goncharov
The Wind in the Willows by Kenneth Grahame
Brewster ’s Millions by Richard Greaves ( George Barr McCutcheon )
Squire Haggard ’s Journal by Michael Green
Our Man in Havana by Graham Greene
Travels with My Aunt by Graham Greene
Diary of a Nobody by George Grossmith
The Little World of Don Camillo by Giovanni Guareschi
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time by Mark Haddon
Catch - 22 by Joseph Heller
Mr Blandings Builds His Dream House by Eric Hodgkins
High Fidelity by Nick Hornby
I Served the King of England by Bohumil Hrabal
The Lecturer ’s Tale by James Hynes
Mr Norris Changes Trains by Christopher Isherwood
The Mighty Walzer Howard by Jacobson
Pictures from an Institution by Randall Jarrell
Three Men in a Boat by Jerome K Jerome
Finnegans Wake by James Joyce
The Castle by Franz Kafka
Lake Wobegon Days by Garrison Keillor
Death and the Penguin by Andrey Kurkov
The Debt to Pleasure by John Lanchester
L’Histoire de Gil Blas de Santillane ( Gil Blas ) Alain - René Lesage
Changing Places by David Lodge
Nice Work by David Lodge
The Towers of Trebizond by Rose Macaulay
England , Their England by AG Macdonell
Whisky Galore by Compton Mackenzie
Memoirs of a Gnostic Dwarf by David Madsen
Cakes and Ale - Or , the Skeleton in the Cupboard by W Somerset Maugham
Tales of the City by Armistead Maupin
Bright Lights , Big City by Jay McInerney
Puckoon by Spike Milligan
The Restraint of Beasts by Magnus Mills
Charade by John Mortimer
Titmuss Regained by John Mortimer
Under the Net by Iris Murdoch
Pnin by Vladimir Nabokov
Pale Fire by Vladimir Nabokov
Fireflies by Shiva Naipaul
The Sacred Book of the Werewolf by Victor Pelevin
La Disparition by Georges Perec
Les Revenentes by Georges Perec
La Vie Mode d’Emploi by Georges Perec
My Search for Warren Harding by Robert Plunkett
A Dance to the Music of Time by Anthony Powell
A Time to be Born by Dawn Powell
Excellent Women by Barbara Pym
Less Than Angels by Barbara Pym
Zazie in the Metro by Raymond Queneau
Solomon Gursky Was Here by Mordecai Richler
Alms for Oblivion by Simon Raven
Portnoy ’s Complaint by Philip Roth
The Westminster Alice by Saki
The Unbearable Bassington by Saki
Hurrah for St Trinian ’s by Ronald Searle
Great Apes by Will Self
Porterhouse Blue by Tom Sharpe
Blott on the Landscape by Tom Sharpe
Office Politics by Wilfrid Sheed
Belles Lettres Papers : A Novel by Charles Simmons
Moo by Jane Smiley
Topper Takes a Trip by Thorne Smith
The Adventures of Ferdinand Count Fathom by Tobias Smollett
The Adventures of Roderick Random by Tobias Smollett
The Adventures of Peregrine Pickle by Tobias Smollett
The Expedition of Humphry Clinker by Tobias Smollett
The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie by Muriel Spark
The Girls of Slender Means by Muriel Spark
The Driver ’s Seat by Muriel Spark
Loitering with Intent by Muriel Spark
A Far Cry from Kensington by Muriel Spark
The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy , Gentleman by Laurence Sterne
White Man Falling by Mike Stocks
Handley Cross by RS Surtees
A Tale of a Tub by Jonathan Swift
Penrod by Booth Tarkington
The Luck of Barry Lyndon by William Makepeace Thackeray
Before Lunch by Angela Thirkell
Tropic of Ruislip by Leslie Thomas
A Confederacy of Dunces by John Kennedy Toole
Barchester Towers by Anthony Trollope
Venus on the Half - Shell by Kilgore Trout
The Mysterious Stranger by Mark Twain
The Witches of Eastwick by John Updike
Breakfast of Champions by Kurt Vonnegut
Infinite Jest by David Foster Wallace
Decline and Fall by Evelyn Waugh
Vile Bodies by Evelyn Waugh
Black Mischief by Evelyn Waugh
Scoop by Evelyn Waugh
The Loved One by Evelyn Waugh
A Handful of Dust by Evelyn Waugh
The Life and Loves of a She - Devil by Fay Weldon
Tono Bungay by HG Wells
Molesworth by Geoffrey Willans and Ronald Searle
The Wimbledon Poisoner by Nigel Williams
Anglo -Saxon Attitudes by Angus Wilson
Something Fresh by PG Wodehouse
Piccadilly Jim by PG Wodehouse
Thank You Jeeves by PG Wodehouse
Heavy Weather by PG Wodehouse
The Code of the Woosters by PG Wodehouse
Joy in the Morning by PG Wodehouse
Crime
The Man with the Golden Arm by Nelson Algren
Fantomas by Marcel Allain and Pierre Souvestre
The Mask of Dimitrios by Eric Ambler
Epitaph for a Spy by Eric Ambler
Journey into Fear by Eric Ambler
The New York Trilogy by Paul Auster
Trent ’s Last Case by EC Bentley
The Poisoned Chocolates Case by Anthony Berkeley
The Beast Must Die by Nicholas Blake
Lady Audley ’s Secret by Mary E Braddon
The Neon Rain by James Lee Burke
The Tin Roof Blowdown by James Lee Burke
The Thirty - Nine Steps by John Buchan
Greenmantle by John Buchan
The Asphalt Jungle by WR Burnett
The Postman Always Rings Twice by James M Cain
Double Indemnity by James M Cain
True History of the Ned Kelly Gang by Peter Carey
The Hollow Man by John Dickson Carr
The Big Sleep by Raymond Chandler
The Long Goodbye by Raymond Chandler
No Orchids for Miss Blandish by James Hadley Chase
The Riddle of the Sands by Erskine Childers
And Then There Were None by Agatha Christie
The Mysterious Affair at Styles by Agatha Christie
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd by Agatha Christie
The Murder at the Vicarage by Agatha Christie
The Secret Adversary by Agatha Christie
The Woman in White by Wilkie Collins
The Moonstone by Wilkie Collins
A Study in Scarlet by Arthur Conan Doyle
The Hound of the Baskervilles by Arthur Conan Doyle
The Sign of Four by Arthur Conan Doyle
The Manchurian Candidate by Richard Condon
The Secret Agent by Joseph Conrad
Under Western Eyes by Joseph Conrad
Postmortem by Patricia Cornwell
The Andromeda Strain by Michael Crichton
Jurassic Park by Michael Crichton
Poetic Justice by Amanda Cross
The Ipcress File by Len Deighton
Last Seen Wearing by Colin Dexter
The Remorseful Day by Colin Dexter
Ratking by Michael Dibdin
Dead Lagoon by Michael Dibdin
Dirty Tricks by Michael Dibdin
A Rich Full Death by Michael Dibdin
Vendetta by Michael Dibdin
Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoevsky
An American Tragedy by Theodore Dreiser
My Cousin Rachel by Daphne du Maurier
The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas
The Pledge by Friedrich Durrenmatt
The Crime of Father Amaro by José Maria de Eça de Queiroz
The Name of the Rose by Umberto Eco
American Psycho by Bret Easton Ellis
LA Confidential by James Ellroy
The Big Nowhere by James Ellroy
A Quiet Belief in Angels by RJ Ellory
Sanctuary by William Faulkner
Casino Royale by Ian Fleming
Goldfinger by Ian Fleming
You Only Live Twice by Ian Fleming
The Day of the Jackal by Frederick Forsyth
Brighton Rock by Graham Greene
A Gun for Sale by Graham Greene
The Ministry of Fear by Graham Greene
The Third Man by Graham Greene
A Time to Kill by John Grisham
The King of Torts by John Grisham
Hangover Square by Patrick Hamilton
The Glass Key by Dashiell Hammett
The Maltese Falcon by Dashiell Hammett
Red Harvest by Dashiell Hammett
The Thin Man by Dashiell Hammett
Fatherland by Robert Harris
Black Sunday by Thomas Harris
Red Dragon by Thomas Harris
Tourist Season by Carl Hiaasen
The Friends of Eddie Coyle by George V Higgins
Strangers on a Train by Patricia Highsmith
The Talented Mr Ripley by Patricia Highsmith
Bones and Silence by Reginald Hill
A Rage in Harlem by Chester Himes
Miss Smilla ’s Feeling for Snow by Peter Hoeg
Rogue Male by Geoffrey Household
Malice Aforethought by Francis Iles
Silence of the Grave by Arnadur Indridason
Death at the President ’s Lodging by Michael Innes
Cover Her Face by PD James
A Taste for Death by PD James
Friday the Rabbi Slept Late by Harry Kemelman
Misery by Stephen King
Dolores Claiborne by Stephen King
Kim by Rudyard Kipling
The Constant Gardener by John le Carre
Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy by John le Carre
The Spy Who Came in from the Cold by John le Carre
To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee
52 Pick - up by Elmore Leonard
Get Shorty by Elmore Leonard
Motherless Brooklyn by Jonathan Lethem
The Bourne Identity by Robert Ludlum
Cop Hater by Ed McBain
No Country for Old Men by Cormac McCarthy
Enduring Love by Ian McEwan
Sidetracked by Henning Mankell
Devil in a Blue Dress by Walter Mosley
The Great Impersonation by E Phillips Oppenheim
The Strange Borders of Palace Crescent by E Phillips Oppenheim
My Name is Red by Orhan Pamuk
Toxic Shock by Sara Paretsky
Blacklist by Sara Paretsky
Nineteen Seventy Four by David Peace
Nineteen Seventy Seven by David Peace
The Big Blowdown by George Pelecanos
Hard Revolution by George Pelecanos
Lush Life by Richard Price
The Godfather by Mario Puzo
V by Thomas Pynchon
The Crying of Lot 49 by Thomas Pynchon
Black and Blue by Ian Rankin
The Hanging Gardens by Ian Rankin
Exit Music by Ian Rankin
Judgment in Stone by Ruth Rendell
Live Flesh by Ruth Rendell
Dissolution by CJ Sansom
Whose Body ? by Dorothy L Sayers
Murder Must Advertise by Dorothy Le Sayers
The Madman of Bergerac by Georges Simenon
The Blue Room by Georges Simenon
The Laughing Policeman by Maj Sjowall and Per Wahloo
Gorky Park by Martin Cruz Smith
Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck
The League of Frightened Men by Rex Stout
Perfume by Patrick Suskind
The Secret History by Donna Tartt
The Daughter of Time by Josephine Tey
The Getaway by Jim Thompson
Pudd ’nhead Wilson by Mark Twain
A Dark - Adapted Eye by Barbara Vine
A Fatal inversion by Barbara Vine
King Solomon ’s Carpet by Barbara Vine
The Four Just Men by Edgar Wallace
Fingersmith by Sarah Waters
Native Son by Richard Wright
Therese Raquin by Emile Zola
Family and self
The Face of Another by Kobo Abe
Little Women by Louisa May Alcott
Behind the Scenes at the Museum by Kate Atkinson
Cat ’s Eye by Margaret Atwood
Epileptic by David B
Room Temperature by Nicholson Baker
Eugenie Grandet by Honore de Balzac
Le Pere Goriot by Honore de Balzac
The Crow Road by Iain Banks
The L Shaped Room by Lynne Reid Banks
Fun Home by Alison Bechdel
Malone Dies by Samuel Beckett
A Legacy by Sybille Bedford
Herzog by Saul Bellow
Humboldt ’s Gift by Saul Bellow
The Old Wives ’ Tale by Arnold Bennett
G by John Berger
Extinction by Thomas Bernhard
Two Serious Ladies by Jane Bowles
Any Human Heart by William Boyd
The Death of Virgil by Hermann Broch
Evelina by Fanny Burney
The Way of All Flesh by Samuel Butler
The Sound of my Voice by Ron Butlin
The Outsider by Albert Camus
Wise Children by Angela Carter
The Professor ’s House by Willa Cather
The Wapshot Chronicle by John Cheever
The Awakening by Kate Chopin
Les Enfants Terrible by Jean Cocteau
The Vagabond by Sidonie - Gabrielle Colette
Manservant and Maidservant by Ivy Compton - Burnett
Being Dead by Jim Crace
Quarantine by Jim Crace
The Mandarins by Simone de Beauvoir
Roxana by Daniel Defoe
Great Expectations by Charles Dickens
The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoevsky
My New York Diary by Julie Doucet
The Millstone by Margaret Drabble
My Family and Other Animals by Gerald Durrell
Silence by Shusaku Endo
The Gathering by Anne Enright
Middlesex by Jeffrey Eugenides
As I Lay Dying by William Faulkner
The Sound and the Fury by William Faulkner
The Sportswriter by Richard Ford
Howards End by EM Forster
Spies by Michael Frayn
Hideous Kinky by Esther Freud
The Man of Property by John Galsworthy
Mary Barton by Elizabeth Gaskell
The Immoralist by Andre Gide
The Vatican Cellars by Andre Gide
The Vicar of Wakefield by Oliver Goldsmith
The Power and the Glory by Graham Greene
Hunger by Knut Hamsun
The Shrimp and the Anemone by LP Hartley
The Old Man and the Sea by Ernest Hemingway
Steppenwolf by Herman Hesse
Narziss and Goldmund by Hermann Hesse
The Three Paradoxes by Paul Hornschemeier
Tom Brown ’s Schooldays by Thomas Hughes
A Prayer for Owen Meany by John Irving
The Ambassadors by Henry James
Washington Square by Henry James
The Tortoise and the Hare by Elizabeth Jenkins
The Unfortunates by BS Johnson
A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man by James Joyce
Ulysses by James Joyce
Good Behaviour by Molly Keane
Memet my Hawk by Yasar Kemal
One Flew Over the Cuckoo ’s Nest by Ken Kesey
The Buddha of Suburbia by Hanif Kureishi
Sons and Lovers by DH Lawrence
Cider with Rosie by Laurie Lee
Invitation to the Waltz by Rosamond Lehmann
The Golden Notebook by Doris Lessing
How Green was My Valley by Richard Llewellyn
Martin Eden by Jack London
Under the Volcano by Malcolm Lowry
The Member of the Wedding by Carson McCullers
Palace Walk by Naguib Mahfouz
The Assistant by Bernard Malamud
Buddenbrooks by Thomas Mann
The Chateau by William Maxwell
The Rector ’s Daughter by FM Mayor
The Ordeal of Richard Feverek by George Meredith
Family Matters by Rohinton Mistry
Sour Sweet by Timothy Mo
The Lonely Passion of Judith Hearne by Brian Moore
The Bluest Eye by Toni Morrison
Song of Solomon by Toni Morrison
Who Do You Think You Are ? by Alice Munro
The Black Prince by Iris Murdoch
The Man Without Qualities by Robert Musil
A House for Mr Biswas by VS Naipaul
At - Swim - Two - Birds by Flann O’Brien
Teach Us to Outgrow Our Madness by Kezaburo Oe
The Moviegoer by Walker Percy
The Bell Jar by Sylvia Plath
My Name Is Asher Lev by Chaim Potok
The Good Companions by JB Priestley
The Shipping News by E Annie Proulx
Remembrance of Things Past by Marcel Proust
A Married Man by Piers Paul Read
Pointed Roofs by Dorothy Richardson
The Fortunes of Richard Mahoney by Henry Handel Richardson
Call it Sleep by Henry Roth
Julie , ou la Nouvelle Heloise by Jean - Jacques Rousseau
The God of Small Things by Arundhati Roy
The Catcher in the Rye by JD Salinger
Alberta and Jacob by Cora Sandel
A Suitable Boy by Vikram Seth
Unless by Carol Shields
We Need to Talk About Kevin by Lionel Shriver
The Three Sisters by May Sinclair
The Family Moskat or The Manor or The Estate by Isaac Bashevis Singer
A Thousand Acres by Jane Smiley
On Beauty by Zadie Smith
The Man Who Loved Children by Christina Stead
East of Eden by John Steinbeck
Ballet Shoes by Noel Streatfield
Confessions of Zeno by Italo Svevo
The Magnificent Ambersons by Booth Tarkington
Angel by Elizabeth Taylor
Lark Rise to Candleford by Flora Thompson
The Blackwater Lightship by Colm Toibin
The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole , Aged 13 3/4 by Sue Townsend
Death in Summer by William Trevor
Fathers and Sons by Ivan Turgenev
Peace in War by Miguel de Unamuno
The Rabbit Omnibus by John Updike
The Color Purple by Alice Walker
Jimmy Corrigan , The Smarest Kid on Earth by Chris Ware
Morvern Callar by Alan Warner
The History of Mr Polly by HG Wells
The Fountain Overflows by Rebecca West
Frost in May by Antonia White
The Tree of Man by Patrick White
The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde
Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit by Jeanette Winterson
I ’ll Go to Bed at Noon by Gerard Woodward
To the Lighthouse by Virginia Woolf
Mrs Dalloway by Virginia Woolf
Swiss Family Robinson by Johann David Wyss
Love
Le Grand Meaulnes by Henri Alain - Fournier
Dom Casmurro Joaquim by Maria Machado de Assis
Northanger Abbey by Jane Austen
Sense and Sensibility by Jane Austen
Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen
Mansfield Park by Jane Austen
Emma by Jane Austen
Persuasion by Jane Austen
Giovanni ’s Room by James Baldwin
Nightwood by Djuna Barnes
The Garden of the Finzi - Cortinis by Giorgio Bassani
Love for Lydia by HE Bates
More Die of Heartbreak by Saul Bellow
Lorna Doone by RD Blackmore
The Death of the Heart by Elizabeth Bowen
The Heat of the Day by Elizabeth Bowen
Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte
Vilette by Charlotte Bronte
Wuthering Heights by Emily Bronte
Look At Me by Anita Brookner
Rubyfruit Jungle by Rita Mae Brown
Possession by AS Byatt
Breakfast at Tiffany ’s by Truman Capote
Oscar and Lucinda by Peter Carey
A Month in the Country by JL Carr
My Antonia by Willa Cather
A Lost Lady by Willa Cather
Claudine a l’ecole by Sidonie - Gabrielle Colette
Cheri by Sidonie - Gabrielle Collette
Victory : An Island Tale by Joseph Conrad
The Princess of Cleves by Madame de Lafayette
The Parasites by Daphne du Maurier
Rebecca by Daphne du Maurier
The Lover by Marguerite Duras
Adam Bede by George Eliot
Daniel Deronda by George Eliot
The Mill on the Floss by George Eliot
The Virgin Suicides by Jeffrey Eugenides
The Great Gatsby by F Scott Fitzgerald
Tender is the Night by F Scott Fitzgerald
The Blue Flower by Penelope Fitzgerald
Madame Bovary by Gustave Flaubert
The Good Soldier by Ford Madox Ford
A Room with a View by EM Forster
The French Lieutenant ’s Woman by John Fowles
The Snow Goose by Paul Gallico
Ruth by Elizabeth Gaskell
Strait is the Gate by Andre Gide
Sunset Song by Lewis Grassic Gibbon
The Sorrows of Young Werther by Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Living by Henry Green
The End of the Affair by Graham Greene
The Well of Loneliness by Radclyffe Hall
Far From the Madding Crowd by Thomas Hardy
Jude the Obscure by Thomas Hardy
Tess of the D’Urbervilles by Thomas Hardy
The Woodlanders by Thomas Hardy
The Go-Between by LP Hartley
The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne
The Transit of Venus by Shirley Hazzard
A Farewell to Arms by Ernest Hemingway
The Infamous Army by Georgette Heyer
Regency Buck by Georgette Heyer
The Swimming - Pool Library by Alan Hollinghurst
Green Mansions : A Romance of the Tropical Forest by WH Hudson
Their Eyes Were Watching God by Zora Neale Hurston
Crome Yellow by Aldous Huxley
The Remains of the Day by Kazuo Ishiguro
Portrait of a Lady by Henry James
The Wings of the Dove by Henry James
The Piano Teacher by Elfriede Jelinek
Beauty and Saddness by Yasunari Kawabata
The Far Pavillions by Mary Margaret Kaye
Zorba the Greek by Nikos Kazantzakis
Moon over Africa by Pamela Kent
The Book of Laughter and Forgetting by Milan Kundera
The Unbearable Lightness of Being by Milan Kundera
Les Liaisons Dangereuses by Pierre - Ambroise - Francois Choderlos de Laclos
Lady Chatterley ’s Lover by DH Lawrence
The Rainbow by DH Lawrence
Women in Love by DH Lawrence
The Echoing Grove by Rosamond Lehmann
The Weather in the Streets by Rosamond Lehmann
Gentlemen Prefer Blondes by Anita Loos
Zami by Audre Lorde
Foreign Affairs by Alison Lurie
Samarkand by Amin Maalouf
Death in Venice by Thomas Mann
The Silent Duchess by Dacia Maraini
A Heart So White by Javier Marias
Love in the Time of Cholera by Gabriel Garcia Marquez
Of Human Bondage by Somerset Maugham
So Long , See you Tomorrow by William Maxwell
The Heart is a Lonely Hunter by Carson McCullers
Atonement by Ian McEwan
The Child in Time by Ian McEwan
The Egoist by George Meredith
Tropic of Cancer by Henry Miller
Patience and Sarah by Isabel Miller
Gone With the Wind by Margaret Mitchell
The Pursuit of Love by Nancy Mitford
Love in a Cold Climate by Nancy Mitford
Arturo ’s Island by Elsa Morante
Norwegian Wood by Haruki Murakami
Lolita , or the Confessions of a White Widowed Male by Vladimir Nabokov
The Painter of Signs by RK Narayan
Delta of Venus by Anais Nin
All Souls Day by Cees Nooteboom
The English Patient by Michael Ondaatje
Doctor Zhivago by Boris Pasternak
Manon Lescaut by Abbe Prevost
Wide Sargasso Sea by Jean Rhys
Maurice Guest by Henry Handel Richardson
Pamela by Samuel Richardson
Clarissa by Samuel Richardson
Gilead by Marilynne Robinson
Bonjour Tristesse by Francoise Sagan
Ali and Nino by Kurban Said
Light Years by James Salter
A Sport and a Passtime by James Salter
The Reader by Benhardq Schlink
The Reluctant Orphan by Aara Seale
Love Story by Eric Segal
Enemies , a Love Story by Isaac Bashevis Singer
At Grand Central Station I Sat Down and Wept by Elizabeth Smart
I Capture the Castle by Dodie Smith
The Map of Love by Ahdaf Soueif
Valley of the Dolls by Jacqueline Susann
Waterland by Graham Swift
Diary of a Mad Old Man by Junichiro Tanizaki
Anna Karenina by Leo Tolstoy
Music and Silence by Rose Tremain
First Love by Ivan Turgenev
Breathing Lessons by Anne Tyler
The Accidental Tourist by Anne Tyler
The Night Watch by Sarah Waters
The Graduate by Charles Webb
The Age of Innocence by Edith Wharton
The Passion by Jeanette Winterson
East Lynne by Ellen Wood
Revolutionary Road by Richard Yates
Science fiction and fantasy
The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams
Non-Stop by Brian W Aldiss
Foundation by Isaac Asimov
The Blind Assassin by Margaret Atwood
The Handmaid ’s Tale by Margaret Atwood
In the Country of Last Things by Paul Auster
The Drowned World by JG Ballard
Crash by JG Ballard
Millennium People by JG Ballard
The Wasp Factory by Iain Banks
Consider Phlebas by Iain M Banks
Weaveworld by Clive Barker
Darkmans by Nicola Barker
The Time Ships by Stephen Baxter
Darwin ’s Radio by Greg Bear
Vathek by William Beckford
The Stars My Destination by Alfred Bester
Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury
Lost Souls by Poppy Z Brite
Wieland by Charles Brockden Brown
Rogue Moon by Algis Budrys
The Master and Margarita by Mikhail Bulgakov
The Coming Race by EGEL Bulwer - Lytton
A Clockwork Orange by Anthony Burgess
The End of the World News by Anthony Burgess
A Princess of Mars by Edgar Rice Burroughs
Naked Lunch by William Burroughs
Kindred by Octavia Butler
Erewhon by Samuel Butler
The Baron in the Trees by Italo Calvino
The Influence by Ramsey Campbell
Alice ’s Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll
Through the Looking Glass and What Alice Found There by Lewis Carroll
Nights at the Circus by Angela Carter
The Passion of New Eve by Angela Carter
The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay by Michael Chabon
The Man who was Thursday by GK Chesterton
Childhood ’s End by Arthur C Clarke
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell by Susanna Clarke
Hello Summer , Goodbye by Michael G Coney
Girlfriend in a Coma by Douglas Coupland
House of Leaves by Mark Danielewski
Pig Tales by Marie Darrieussecq
The Einstein Intersection by Samuel R Delaney
Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ? by Philip K Dick
The Man in the High Castle by Philip K Dick
Camp Concentration by Thomas M Disch
Foucault ’s Pendulum by Umberto Eco
Under the Skin by Michel Faber
The Magus by John Fowles
American Gods by Neil Gaiman
Red Shift by Alan Garner
Neuromancer by William Gibson
Herland by Charlotte Perkins Gilman
Lord of the Flies by William Golding
The Forever War by Joe Haldeman
Light by M John Harrison
The House of the Seven Gables by Nathaniel Hawthorne
Stranger in a Strange Land by Robert A Heinlein
Dune by Frank L Herbert
The Glass Bead Game by Herman Hesse
Riddley Walker by Russell Hoban
The Private Memoirs and Confessions of a Justified Sinner by James Hogg
Atomised by Michel Houellebecq
Brave New World by Aldous Huxley
The Unconsoled by Kazuo Ishiguro
The Haunting of Hill House by Shirley Jackson
The Turn of the Screw by Henry James
The Children of Men by PD James
After London ; or , Wild England by Richard Jefferies
Bold as Love by Gwyneth Jones
The Trial by Franz Kafka
Flowers for Algernon by Daniel Keyes
The Shining by Stephen King
The Victorian Chaise - longue by Marghanita Laski
Uncle Silas by Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu
The Earthsea Series by Ursula Le Guin
The Left Hand of Darkness by Ursula Le Guin
Solaris by Stanislaw Lem
Memoirs of a Survivor by Doris Lessing
The Chronicles of Narnia by CS Lewis
The Monk by Matthew Lewis
A Voyage to Arcturus by David Lindsay
The Night Sessions by Ken Macleod
Beyond Black by Hilary Mantel
Only Forward by Michael Marshall Smith
I Am Legend by Richard Matheson
Melmoth the Wanderer by Charles Maturin
The Butcher Boy by Patrick McCabe
The Road by Cormac McCarthy
Ascent by Jed Mercurio
The Scar by China Mieville
Ingenious Pain by Andrew Miller
A Canticle for Leibowitz by Walter M Miller Jr
Cloud Atlas by David Mitchell
Mother London by Michael Moorcock
News from Nowhere by William Morris
Beloved by Toni Morrison
The Wind - Up Bird Chronicle by Haruki Murakami
Ada or Ardor by Vladimir Nabokov
The Time Traveler ’s Wife by Audrey Niffenegger
Ringworld by Larry Niven
Vurt by Jeff Noon
The Third Policeman by Flann O’Brien
The Famished Road by Ben Okri
Nineteen Eighty - Four by George Orwell
Fight Club by Chuck Palahniuk
Nightmare Abbey by Thomas Love Peacock
Titus Groan by Mervyn Peake
The Space Merchants by Frederik Pohl and CM Kornbluth
A Glastonbury Romance by John Cowper Powys
The Discworld Series by Terry Pratchett
The Prestige by Christopher Priest
His Dark Materials by Philip Pullman
Gargantua and Pantagruel by Francois Rabelais
The Mysteries of Udolpho by Ann Radcliffe
Revelation Space by Alastair Reynolds
The Years of Rice and Salt by Kim Stanley Robinson
Harry Potter and the Philosopher ’s Stone by JK Rowling
Satanic Verses by Salman Rushdie
The Female Man by Joanna Russ
Air by Geoff Ryman
The Little Prince by Antoine de Saint - Exupery
Blindness by Jose Saramago
How the Dead Live by Will Self
Frankenstein by Mary Shelley
Hyperion by Dan Simmons
Star Maker by Olaf Stapledon
Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde by Robert Louis Stevenson
Dracula by Bram Stoker
The Insult by Rupert Thomson
The Hobbit by JRR Tolkien
The Lord of the Rings by JRR Tolkien
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur ’s Court by Mark Twain
Sirens of Titan by Kurt Vonnegut
The Castle of Otranto by Horace Walpole
Institute Benjamenta by Robert Walser
Lolly Willowes by Sylvia Townsend Warner
Affinity by Sarah Waters
The Time Machine by HG Wells
The War of the Worlds by HG Wells
The Sword in the Stone by TH White
The Old Men at the Zoo by Angus Wilson
The Book of the New Sun by Gene Wolfe
Orlando by Virginia Woolf
Day of the Triffids by John Wyndham
The Midwich Cuckoos by John Wyndham
We by Yevgeny Zamyatin
State of the nation
Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe
Anthills of the Savannah by Chinua Achebe
London Fields by Martin Amis
Untouchable by Mulk Raj Anand
Go Tell it on the Mountain by James Baldwin
La Comedie Humaine by Honore de Balzac
They Were Counted by Miklos Banffy
A Kind of Loving by Stan Barstow
Uncle Tom ’s Cabin by Harriet Beecher Stowe
Oroonoko , or The Royal Slave by Aphra Behn
Clayhanger by Arnold Bennett
The Last September by Elizabeth Bowen
Room at the Top by John Braine
A Dry White Season by Andre Brink
Shirley by Charlotte Bronte
Earthly Powers by Anthony Burgess
The Virgin in the Garden by AS Byatt
Tobacco Road by Erskine Caldwell
The Plague by Albert Camus
The Kingdom of this World by Alejo Carpentier
What a Carve Up ! by Jonathan Coe
Disgrace by JM Coetzee
Waiting for the Barbarians by JM Coeztee
Microserfs by Douglas Coupland
Moll Flanders by Daniel Defoe
Underworld by Don DeLillo
White Noise by Don DeLillo
A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens
Bleak House by Charles Dickens
Dombey and Son by Charles Dickens
Hard Times by Charles Dickens
Little Dorritt by Charles Dickens
Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens
Play It As It Lays by Joan Didion
Sybil or The Two Nations by Benjamin Disraeli
Berlin Alexanderplatz by Alfred Döblin
The Book of Daniel by EL Doctorow
Notes from the Underground by Fyodor Dostoevsky
The Idiot by Fyodor Dostoevsky
USA by John Dos Passos
Sister Carrie by Theodor Dreiser
Castle Rackrent by Maria Edgeworth
Middlemarch by George Eliot
Silas Marner by George Eliot
The Invisible Man by Ralph Ellison
Sentimental Education by Gustave Flaubert
Effi Briest by Theodore Fontane
Independence Day by Richard Ford
A Passage to India by EM Forster
The Corrections by Jonathan Franzen
The Recognitions by William Gaddis
Cranford by Elizabeth Gaskell
North and South by Elizabeth Gaskell
The Counterfeiters by Andre Gide
The Odd Women by George Gissing
New Grub Street by George Gissing
July ’s People by Nadine Gordimer
Mother by Maxim Gorky
Lanark by Alastair Gray
Love on the Dole by Walter Greenwood
The Mayor of Casterbridge by Thomas Hardy
A Kestrel for a Knave by Barry Hines
The Line of Beauty by Alan Hollinghurst
South Riding by Winifred Holtby
Les Miserables by Victor Hugo
Goodbye to Berlin by Christopher Isherwood
Chronicle in Stone by Ismael Kadare
How Late it Was , How Late by James Kelman
The Leopard by Giuseppi di Lampedusa
A Girl in Winter by Philip Larkin
Passing by Nella Larsen
The Grass is Singing by Doris Lessing
Babbitt by Sinclair Lewis
Elmer Gantry by Sinclair Lewis
Main Street by Sinclair Lewis
Absolute Beginners by Colin MacInnes
The Group by Mary McCarthy
Amongst Women by John McGahern
The Posthumous Memoirs of Bras Cubas by Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis
Of Love & Hunger by Julian Maclaren - Ross
Remembering Babylon by David Malouf
The Magic Mountain by Thomas Mann
The Betrothed by Alessandro Manzoni
Bel - Ami by Guy de Maupassant
A Fine Balance by Rohinton Mistry
The Time of Indifference by Alberto Moravia
A Bend in the River by VS Naipaul
McTeague by Frank Norris
Personality by Andrew O’Hagan
Animal Farm by George Orwell
The Ragazzi Pier by Paolo Pasolini
Cry , the Beloved Country by Alan Paton
The Moon and the Bonfire by Cesare Pavese
GB84 by David Peace
Headlong Hall by Thomas Love Peacock
Afternoon Men by Anthony Powell
Vineland by Thomas Pynchon
The Radetzky March by Joseph Roth
American Pastoral by Philip Roth
The Human Stain by Philip Roth
Midnight ’s Children by Salman Rushdie
Shame by Salman Rushdie
To Each his Own by Leonardo Sciascia
Staying On by Paul Scott
Last Exit to Brooklyn by Hubert Selby Jr
The Lonely Londoners by Samuel Selvon
God ’s Bit of Wood by Ousmane Sembene
The Case of Comrade Tulayev by Victor Serge
Richshaw Boy by Lao She
Saturday Night and Sunday Morning by Alan Sillitoe
The Jungle by Upton Sinclair
Novel on Yellow Paper by Stevie Smith
White Teeth by Zadie Smith
One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovtich by Alexandr Solzhenitsyn
The Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck
The Red and the Black by Stendhal
This Sporting Life by David Storey
The Red Room by August Stringberg
The Home and the World by Rabindranath Tagore
Vanity Fair by William Makepeace Thackeray
The Ragged Trousered Philanthropists by Robert Tressell
The Last Chronicle of Barset by Anthony Trollope
The Way We Live Now by Anthony Trollope
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain
Couples by John Updike
Z by Vassilis Vassilikos
Billy Liar by Keith Waterhouse
Trainspotting by Irvine Welsh
The Day of the Locust by Nathanael West
The Return of the Soldier by Rebecca West
The House of Mirth by Edith Wharton
The Bonfire of the Vanities by Tom Wolfe
Germinal by Emile Zola
La Bete Humaine by Emile Zola
War and travel
Silver Stallion by Junghyo
Ahn
Death of a Hero by Richard Aldington
Master Georgie by Beryl Bainbridge
Darkness Falls from the Air by Nigel Balchin
Empire of the Sun by JG Ballard
Regeneration by Pat Barker
A Long Long Way by Sebastian Barry
Fair Stood the Wind for France by HE Bates
Carrie ’s War by Nina Bawden
The Savage Detectives by Roberto Bolano
The Sheltering Sky by Paul Bowles
An Ice - Cream War by William Boyd
When the Wind Blows by Raymond Briggs
Invisible Cities by Italo Calvino
Auto - da - Fe by Elias Canetti
One of Ours by Willa Cather
Journey to the End of the Night by Louis - Ferdinand Celine
Monkey by Wu Ch’eng-en
Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad
Lord Jim by Joseph Conrad
Nostromo by Joseph Conrad
Sharpe ’s Eagle by Bernard Cornwell
The History of Pompey the Little by Francis Coventry
The Red Badge of Courage by Stephen Crane
Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe
Bomber by Len Deighton
Deliverance by James Dickey
Three Soldiers by John Dos Passos
South Wind by Norman Douglas
The Three Musketeers by Alexandre Dumas
Justine by Lawrence Durrell
The Bamboo Bed by William Eastlake
The Siege of Krishnapur by JG Farrell
Birdsong by Sebastian Faulks
Parade ’s End by Ford Madox Ford
The African Queen by CS Forester
The Ship by CS Forester
Flashman by George MacDonald Fraser
Cold Mountain by Charles Frazier
The Beach by Alex Garland
To The Ends of the Earth trilogy by William Golding
Asterix the Gaul by Rene Goscinny
The Tin Drum by Gunter Grass
Count Belisarius by Robert Graves
Life and Fate by Vassily Grossman
De Niro ’s Game by Rawi Hage
King Solomon ’s Mines by H Rider Haggard
She : A History of Adventure by H Rider Haggard
The Slaves of Solitude by Patrick Hamilton
Covenant with Death by John Harris
Enigma by Robert Harris
The Good Soldier Svejk by Jaroslav Hasek
For Whom the Bell Tolls by Ernest Hemingway
The Prisoner of Zenda by Anthony Hope
The Kite Runner by Khaled Hosseini
A High Wind in Jamaica by Richard Hughes
Rasselas by Samuel Johnson
From Here to Eternity by James Jones
Andersonville by MacKinlay Kantor
Confederates by Thomas Keneally
Schindler ’s Ark by Thomas Keneally
Day by AL Kennedy
On the Road by Jack Kerouac
Darkness at Noon by Arthur Koestler
The Painted Bird by Jerzy Kosinski
If Not Now , When ? by Primo Levi
The Call of the Wild by Jack London
The Guns of Navarone by Alistair MacLean
All the Pretty Horses by Cormac McCarthy
Blood Meridian by Cormac McCarthy
The Mark of Zorro by Johnston McCulley
Lonesome Dove by Larry McMurty
The Naked and the Dead by Norman Mailer
La Condition Humaine by Andre Malraux
Fortunes of War by Olivia Manning
One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel Garcia Marquez
The Children of the New Forest by Frederick Marryat
Moby - Dick or , The Whale by Herman Melville
Tales of the South Pacific by James Michener
The Cruel Sea by Nicholas Monsarrat
History by Elsa Morante
Suite Francaise by Irene Nemirovsky
The Sorrow of War by Bao Ninh
Master and Commander by Patrick O’Brian
The Things They Carried by Tim O’Brien
The Scarlet Pimpernel by Baroness Emmuska Orczy
Burmese Days by George Orwell
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance by Robert Pirsig
The Valley of Bones by Anthony Powell
The Soldier ’s Art by Anthony Powell
The Military Philosophers by Anthony Powell
Gravity ’s Rainbow by Thomas Pynchon
The Surprising Adventures of Baron Munchausen by Rudolp Erich Raspe
All Quiet on the Western Front by Erich Maria Remarque
The Crab with the Golden Claws by Georges Remi Herge
Tintin in Tibet by Georges Remi Herge
The Castafiore Emerald by Georges Remi Herge
The Devil to Pay in the Backlands by Joao Guimaraes Rosa
Sacaramouche by Rafael Sabatini
Captain Blood by Rafael Sabatini
Everything is Illuminated by Jonathon Safran Foer
The Hunters by James Salter
Ivanhoe by Sir Walter Scott
The Rings of Saturn by WG Sebald
Austerlitz by WG Sebald
Black Beauty by Anna Sewell
The Young Lions by Irwin Shaw
A Town Like Alice by Nevil Shute
Maus by Art Spiegelman
The Charterhouse of Parma by Stendhal
Cryptonomicon by Neal Stephenson
A Sentimental Journey by Lawrence Sterne
Kidnapped by Robert Louis Stevenson
Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson
A Flag for Sunrise by Robert Stone
Sophie ’s Choice by William Styron
Gulliver ’s Travels by Jonathan Swift
War and Peace by Leo Tolstoy
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain
Around the World in Eighty Days by Jules Verne
A Journey to the Centre of the Earth by Jules Verne
Williwaw by Gore Vidal
Candide by Voltaire
Slaughter - House Five by Kurt Vonnegut
Put Out More Flags by Evelyn Waugh
Men at Arms by Evelyn Waugh
The Island of Dr Moreau by HG Wells
The Machine - Gunners by Robert Westall
Voss by Patrick White
The Virginian by Owen Wister
The Caine Mutiny by Herman Wouk
The Debacle by Emile Zola
Memo confirms Bush and Blair knew claims Iraq had WMDs were lies
By Paul Bond
26 June 2009
A confidential memo obtained by the Observer , detailing a meeting between President George W. Bush and Prime Minister Tony Blair , confirms their determination to press ahead with the invasion of Iraq in 2003 without any evidence of weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) and without United Nations approval .
The five - page memo , written by Blair ’s foreign policy adviser Sir David Manning , is dated January 31 , 2003 , some two months before the invasion began .
It records the thinking of Bush and Blair as it became increasingly obvious that United Nations weapons inspectors would not find the advanced weaponry , including a nuclear capability , that both leaders were using to justify military action .
According to the memo , Bush discussed various possible provocations that might trigger a second UN resolution to justify war in the absence of any WMD .
One plan being considered by the White House was “ to fly U2 reconnaissance aircraft painted in UN colours over Iraq with fighter cover ” provoking Iraqi forces into opening fire and thereby putting them in breach of a UN resolution .
Bush also discussed his hopes that an Iraqi defector might still be “ brought out ” to talk about WMD , or that someone might assassinate Saddam Hussein .
The memo confirms that the decision had already been taken to go to war .
Bush expressed his readiness for war , even if their provocations failed to produce the second UN resolution .
The US , in order to offset its economic decline relative to its rivals , was determined to use its military strength to seize strategically crucial energy resources in the Middle East .
Bush , accordingly , had already decided on a date for the start of the war .
Manning records ,
“ The start date for the military campaign was now pencilled in for 10 March .
This was when the bombing would begin . ”
“ Our diplomatic strategy had to be arranged around the military planning , ” wrote Manning .
British imperialism hoped to gain some share of the spoils from the plunder of Iraq .
Blair told Bush he was “ solidly with the president ” in his thinking .
At this point , Blair had not yet received any legal advice on the war from the Attorney General , Lord Goldsmith .
Publicly , his government had doctored and manufactured intelligence reports on the supposed WMD .
In the face of overwhelming popular hostility to the war , Blair announced that the test of government was its ability to ignore the popular will .
Manning ’s memo was copied to Sir Jeremy Greenstock , British ambassador to the UN , Jonathan Powell , Blair ’s chief of staff , Admiral Lord Boyce , the chief of defence staff , and Sir Christopher Meyer , the British ambassador to Washington .
The Manning memo underlines the character of the invasion of Iraq .
It was a calculated act of imperialist aggression .
The memo demonstrates again the limitations of yet another government - sponsored whitewash .
It makes the case for a war crimes tribunal to prosecute Bush , Blair and their fellow conspirators for their murderous actions in the Middle East .
Nevertheless , the memo ’s release has added to the deepening sense of crisis over Iraq in the UK , with events in danger of spiralling out of control .
Sir John Chilcott was chosen by Prime Minister Gordon Brown to head a panel of privy counsellors to inquire into the Iraq war .
They were to meet behind closed doors and were charged , according to Brown , with identifying “ lessons learned . ”
They could not , he stressed , “ apportion blame or consider issues of civil or criminal liability . ”
Chilcott was also a member of the 2004 Butler Inquiry that examined the intelligence used to justify the invasion of Iraq and which produced a whitewash .
With Brown ’s government weakened , however , the Conservatives , who fully supported the Iraq war , have opportunistically demanded that proceedings be made more open .
They put a motion to parliament Wednesday calling for a change to the inquiry ’s remit , on openness and whether witnesses would be questioned under oath .
This was defeated by 299 votes to 260 after a six - hour debate in which a small number of Labour MPs called for more openness and threatened to vote with the Opposition .
For the Tories , Shadow Foreign Secretary William Hague said that declaring the inquiry would not report before a general election was “ utterly cynical and politically motivated ” and demanded that the committee should include people with military and ministerial experience .
Broader sections of the establishment are also prepared to make public material that is highly damaging , even dangerous to the government — and particularly to Blair .
Lord Guthrie , a former chief of defence staff under Blair , said the memo underlined that the Chilcott Inquiry must not be “ a whitewash as these inquiries often are . ”
Brown ’s insistence that the inquiry be held behind closed doors has been rejected by Chilcott himself , who wrote to Brown , “ It will be essential to hold as much of the proceedings of the inquiry as possible in public , consistent with the need to protect national security and to ensure and enable complete candour in the oral and written evidence from witnesses . ”
Brown released the letter two days ahead of Wednesday ’s debate and was forced to welcome Chilcott ’s position .
During the debate , Foreign Secretary David Miliband also conceded to Chilcott that the inquiry “ can praise or blame whoever it likes .
It is free to write its own report at every stage . ”
It may also be possible to interview witnesses under oath , he said , but insisted again that the inquiry had not been set up “ to establish civil or criminal liability . ”
A Dutch government ’s inquiry into the Netherlands ’ support for the war will look at all MI5 and MI6 intelligence that was shared with its intelligence services .
That inquiry is due to report in November , and this could mean that information about the US and British role will be published ahead of Chilcott ’s report next year .
‘ Peruvian Indians are being driven to desperate measures to try and save their lands which have been stolen from them for five centuries .
‘ Their protests signal that the colonial era has finally drawn to a close .
No longer are Amazon Indians prepared to put up with the illegal and brutal treatment which has been routine .
That ’s finished .
This is the Amazon ’s Tiananmen .
If it finishes the same way , it will also end Peru ’s international reputation .
‘ Oil companies operating in Peru should suspend their operations until calm is restored and the Indians ’ communal land rights are properly respected – only then can they negotiate as equals . ’ — Stephen Corry , Director , Survival International , 8 June 2009
The Government of Peru , under the presidency of APRA ‘s Alan García , has taken the dangerous step of backing up its intentions to allow oil companies to occupy and devastate indigenous lands with fierce violence .
Over the past few days , heavily armed police , decked out as storm troopers ( they look almost identical worldwide ) , have gone to the Amazon to forcibly remove thousands of protesting indigenous people from a blockade they had mounted to protest and impede encroaching oil and natural gas exploration , logging , and the threat of large - scale agriculture .
The protesters come from many indigenous groups , including Achuar , Arabela , Asháninka , Awajún , Huambisa , Kichwa , Matsigenka , Shawi and Wampis .
The government of García , with the support of the national Congress , decreed new laws in compliance with a U.S. - Peru trade free trade agreement .
According to an AP report , García , who as a previous president had challenged international financial institutions , is now “ a free - market champion who is opening vast tracts of jungle to oil exploration by companies including France ’s Perenco SA , Spain ’s Repsol - YPF and U.S. - based ConocoPhillips . ”
Survival International adds to that list Canada ’s Petrolifera and Brazil ’s Petrobras .
According to Survival International , already 70 % of the Peruvian Amazon has been auctioned off to transnational oil corporations .
At least 30 indigenous protesters have been killed , and the videos below demonstrate some of the excessive force used by the police .
Undaunted and fighting back , indigenous fighters killed some 23 policemen ( see the news report sympathetic to the police at the very bottom of this post ) , some having been allegedly abducted , disarmed , speared , and in some cases their throats were slit .
Appealing to long - established Latin American racist imagery , President García has accused the indigenous protesters of “ savagery ” and “ barbarity ” .
In addition , García has called for the arrest of Segundo Alberto Pizango Chota , the leader of AIDESEP , an organization representing 350,000 indigenous people of 57 native Amazonian nations , comprising 1,350 communities and 16 different language groups .
AIDESEP is a constituent member of COICA , a trans-national Amazonian indigenous federation .
Pizango has taken refuge in the Embassy of Nicaragua in Lima , which has agreed to grant him political asylum ( see Survival International for more ) .
I personally would like to make it explicit that I fully support any actions that the indigenous protesters themselves deem to be appropriate in resisting internal colonization and further expropriation .
They have every right to defend their land and their communities , and as in Canada , and other imperial states running various occupation regimes , the state ’s use of violence is indefensible and must be countered by all means available .
To support Peru ’s Indians , and for more news , see Survival International , and especially :
Indian leader forced into exile as President calls protesters ‘ savages ’ ( 10 June 2009 )
Oil companies ‘ should withdraw ’ as Peru ‘ faces its Tiananmen ’ ( 8 June 2009 )
‘ Dalai Lama of the rainforest ’ condemns Peruvian violence ( 8 June 2009 )
’ 27 dead ’ as blockade broken up by authorities ( 5 June 2009 )
Please be advised that the videos below sometimes show very graphic scenes of violence and in some cases dead bodies .
The three Spanish language news videos are from Peruvian television , the first two from Punto Final .
Copy and paste this link into an e-mail or instant message : http://marketplace.xbox.com/en-US/Product/Overlord-II-Battle-Rock-Nemesis/00000000-0000-400c-80cf-0001434d0809?cid=SLink
Click to create and send a link using your email application
Bring the Battle Rock to the Netherworld with this content add - on for Overlord® II .
Once the Minions have finished constructing the Battle Rock you 'll be able to take part in a number of challenging combat rounds against new opponents .
Battle your way to the top to win exciting new rewards for the Overlord and his Minions .
Once you ’ve installed the Battle Rock head over to the Netherworld to activate it .
Sit on the throne and look for new audience events to choose from .
You ’ll have to progress part way into the game before the first Battle Rock practice rounds become available .
USDA Organic Label Standards Being Weakened by Lobbyists
When the USDA label was first implemented in 2002 , concern was expressed that certification standards would not be as stringent as the private organic labeling programs it replaced , such as the Oregon Tilth .
Prior to 2002 , organic certifiers each had their own standards that they used when certifying organic produce and products .
The standards were similar , but they were each different and were owned by the certifier .
In 2002 the USDA National Organic Program took effect , and the NOP Final Rule became the one standard used for certifying organic products in the US .
Since that time , when you pick up a product labeled organic you know that it was certified to the same standard as all other organic products , regardless of who certified it .
Now it seems those fears of a weakened national organic standard have come to fruition from lobbyists interference .
The Washington Post cites an example involving infant formula .
Three years ago , U.S. Department of Agriculture employees determined that synthetic additives in organic baby formula violated federal standards and should be banned from a product carrying the federal organic label .
Today the same additives , purported to boost brainpower and vision , can be found in 90 percent of organic baby formula .
Why would the USDA relax organic standards ?
Consumers want organic products , and the market continues to grow .
It ’s the “ the fastest growing segment of the food industry ” and is a “ $ 23 billion - a - year business ” .
It appears it is now corrupted by agribusiness ’ powerful lobby .
The Post reports :
The market ’s expansion is fueling tension over whether the federal program should be governed by a strict interpretation of “ organic ” or broadened to include more products by allowing trace elements of non-organic substances .
The argument is not over whether the non-organics pose a health threat , but whether they weaken the integrity of the federal organic label .
A weakened organic standard only helps big business and not consumers .
U.S. Department of Agriculture ’s National Organic Standards Board Chairman Jeff Moyer explains ,
“ As the organic industry matures , it is becoming increasingly more difficult to find a balance between the integrity of the word ‘ organic ’ and the desire for the industry to grow . ”
Consumers can’t trust the USDA Organic logo and must instead seek out reputable companies who maintain high standards and avoid synthetic additives .
In general , avoiding processed foods and purchasing from local farmers is the safest way to ensure your food is truly organic .
Please follow and like us :
Related
Al Franken , the funnyman who wrote the best - seller “ Rush Limbaugh Is a Big Fat Idiot , ” was sworn in as the junior senator from Minnesota on Tuesday , without doing one single funny thing .
Once he was known on the “ Saturday Night Live ” stage as the lisping , sweater - wearing bundle of insecurities Stuart Smalley ( “ I ’m good enough , I ’m smart enough , and doggone it , people like me ” ) .
But Franken stepped into the ornate Senate chamber to take his oath of office in a charcoal gray suit from Men ’s Wearhouse , Bible in hand , surrounded by political allies eager to cast him as a serious addition to Congress .
Franken seemed genuinely in awe of his place in the political process .
He hugged his new colleagues with abandon .
He waved enthusiastically to his wife , Franni , in the gallery .
He acknowledged constituents who came halfway across the country to witness his hard - earned moment .
He cast his first vote .
But he did n’t crack wise once .
In fact , he hardly said anything .
Advertisement
Apparently , after irreverently skewering the political world , it ’s rather humbling to enter it .
It was clear the day would be auspicious when Franni brought him coffee in bed .
( He had to get his own Cheerios . )
Franken slipped in through a side door of his new office around 11 .
Workmen were still installing wall brackets for the flat - screen TV in the suite , which once belonged to Norm Coleman , the Republican whom Franken vanquished by 312 votes after an eight - month recount and dispute .
The nameplate had already been screwed into the wall .
The notoriously slow - moving Senate , it turns out , works lickety - split when it comes to signage .
Advertisement
Around noon , Franken headed to a mostly empty Senate chamber , where Minnesota ’s senior senator , Democrat Amy Klobuchar , introduced her new colleague with a nod to his comedic roots and an assurance that he “ takes his job seriously . ”
Former Vice President Walter Mondale , a fellow Minnesotan and advisor , stood by Franken ’s side as he took the oath , with Vice President Joe Biden doing the honors .
“ He ’ll be a serious senator , and he ’ll do what he thinks is right , ” Mondale said afterward .
There was that word “ serious ” again .
Is there no place for a comedian in the most exclusive , and arguably stuffiest , club in America ?
Advertisement
No , says Charlie Cook , an independent analyst in Washington .
“ A comedian would not be an effective senator -- but then again , a comedian would n’t have won .
That phase of Franken ’s life has to be over . ”
Republicans , Cook noted , are embarrassed to lose such an important seat to a political neophyte such as Franken , his Harvard degree in political science notwithstanding .
“ They are going to be watching him very closely , aggressively attacking him at any sign that the Original Al Franken is coming back , even baiting him to do something , ” Cook said .
“ He just has to resist temptation . ”
Advertisement
On Tuesday , he resisted just fine .
After the swearing - in , Franken attended his first weekly lunch of Democratic senators , where his colleagues gave him several standing ovations .
Franken spoke to the group about “ making people ’s lives better , ” Sen. Charles E. Schumer of New York recounted .
Anything funny ?
Any jokes ?
“ No , ” said Schumer .
“ He was serious . ”
The new senator ended his first day with his first vote , on a transportation amendment brought by Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , about whom Franken recently wrote a scathing political skit for “ Saturday Night Live . ”
Advertisement
He shook McCain ’s hand , and they exchanged hearty slaps on the back .
Then Franken voted against his amendment .
“ Sorry , man , ” Franken was heard to say , referring to the vote , not the skit .
OK , sort of funny .
--
Advertisement
faye.fiore@latimes.com
The latest chapter of my Psychiatric Tales book .
Thirteen pages which nearly killed me .
There 's still some fiddling to do with the artwork here , but it 's basically done .
If you see any mistakes let me know .
This chapter is a one - off , as it's a mixture of photos and artwork , which I think suite the subject .
I do n't intend to do further chapters in this style .
An experiment really .
The World ’s Strongest Vagina , Now With Video
Total Pro Sports –
Last week we brought you the breaking news regarding a new record for the world ’s strongest vagina .
It was just one of those stories that everyone needed to know about .
Well now that we have video footage of this powerful love - box in action , we feel it is out duty to show it to you .
In case you forgot , her name is Tatiata Kozhevnikova and she is from Novosibirsk , Russia .
At 42 years - of - age , she broke her old record by lifting a 14 kg ball with her vag .
If you did n’t believe it before when we told you , check her out in this video .
Tatiata gives us a little taste of her power with some interesting moves .
It ’s enough to make you imagine what a night with this blond Russian “ super - pussy ” may be like .
If you are a boob man , you may wish to settle for the likes of Simona Halep or Denise Milani , but if you love the box , then Tatiata is your woman .
Hat Tip Video – [ I Am Bored ]
Share This
On June 12th , 85 percent of eligible Iranian voters cast a presidential ballot ; on June 13th , many of these same citizens took to the streets to protest the apparent reelection of Ahmadinejad .
The final vote tally , as reported by Juan Cole , a prominent Middle East expert and History Professor at the University of Michigan , is below :
So here is what Interior Minister Sadeq Mahsouli said Saturday about the outcome of the Iranian presidential elections : " Of 39,165,191 votes counted ( 85 percent ) , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad won the election with 24,527,516 ( 62.63 percent ) . "
He announced that Mir-Hossein Mousavi came in second with 13,216,411 votes ( 33.75 percent ) .
Mohsen Rezaei got 678,240 votes ( 1.73 percent ) Mehdi Karroubi with 333,635 votes ( 0.85 percent ) .
He put the void ballots at 409,389 ( 1.04 percent ) .
Source : Stealing the Iranian Election via JuanCole.com
Despite the veil of electoral authenticity , rather large anomalies have been identified .
Juan Cole quickly provided circumstantial evidence while the academic folks took a little more time completing their peer - reviewed papers .
A consensus has emerged , even the Iranian State TV has acknowledged discrepancies in the election .
The purpose of this article is to invalidate the preliminary claims of election fraud in Iran .
The first attempt came in the form of a graph popularized by The Atlantic columnist Andrew Sullivan .
A composite of the original graphs is presented below ; the multiple colors depict different perspectives on the same data set :
Andrew Sullivan posted multiple versions of this graph to his blog on June 13th .
From the various versions it became clear that the data source was consistent , but the application varied .
Iran 's Entekhab News and web based TehranBureau.com both used the election results provided by JameJamOnline .ir to create their graphs ; which were later referenced by Sullivan .
The percent of the vote reported at each given coordinate is calculated with respect to the final two - way vote total ; the reporting percent is overlaid near its associated coordinate .
It is also important to note that there are two data sets .
One is blue and has six dots while the other is red and has seven dots ; the other red dots are exactly hidden behind the six blue points .
I will now provide four additional facts which have not be explicitly stated ; these facts are either crucial to the creation or subsequent interpretation of the original graphs :
1. Ahmadinejad 's vote total is represented by the X - axis and Mousavi 's vote total by the Y - axis .
2. Entekhab News plotted [ PNG ] seven data points while TehranBureau 's graph [ PNG ] excluded the first data point , while using the other six .
3 . The regression technique is a linear least - squares approximation that is not forced through the origin .
Ideally , the linear equations should pass through the origin ; because at some point in time , before any votes have been counted , both candidates have zero votes .
4 . The original source JameJamOnline.ir is written in Farsi , a language I cannot read ; because of this , the coordinates for the data points were not explicitly available .
TehranBureau provided [ PNG ] coordinates for the six data points they used , but the first point used by Entekhab News is still unavailable .
It was however possible to use the least - squares equation depicted on their graph and the other six points to determine a very reliable estimate [ *] for the first by reversing the regression .
The coordinates used on the above graph are presented below :
Report % Ahmadinejad Mousavi Two Way 12.98 * 3,469,534 1,429,332 4,898,867 26.45 7,027,919 2,955,131 9,983,050 39.37 10,230,478 4,628,912 14,859,390 54.55 14,011,664 6,575,844 20,587,508 62.10 15,913,256 7,526,117 23,439,373 66.50 16,974,382 8,124,690 25,099,072 72.15 18,302,924 8,929,232 27,232,156 Final 24,527,516 13,216,411 37,743,927
By applying the data within fact # 4 , it becomes clear that the graph only encompasses about 45 % or 60 % of the total vote for the six and seven point graphs respectively .
The entire analysis takes place within this region ; the respective linear correlations are only valid within these ranges .
Sullivan initially referenced the Entekhab News version but it was not and still is not useful due to the language barrier ; Sullivan would later reference the English analysis by TehranBureau.com .
Judging from their about page , TehranBureau.com shares strong ties with the Columbia Journalism School and features a slew of qualified contributors .
Muhammad Sahimi , a chemical engineer and TehranBureau contributor , provided the following analysis on the six point graph :
The vertical axis ( y ) shows Mr. Mousavi 's votes , and the horizontal ( x ) the President 's [ Ahmadinejad ] .
R^2 shows the correlation coefficient : the closer it is to 1.0 , the more perfect is the fit , and it is 0.9995 , as close to 1.0 as possible for any type of data .
Statistically and mathematically , it is impossible to maintain such perfect linear relations between the votes of any two candidates in any election - and at all stages of vote counting .
This is particularly true about Iran , a large country with a variety of ethnic groups who usually vote for a candidate who is ethnically one of their own .
Source : Faulty Election Data via TehranBureau.com
[ The referenced article has since been removed from TehranBureau.com ]
Muhammad Sahimi's assertion is not well received and lacks any proper causation ; especially given the 45 % window of relevance .
In fact his " impossible " claim appears to be baseless when compared to relevant data from the 2008 Presidential Election in the USA .
I intend to reproduce the high R^2 value using real - time data I collected on November 4th , 2008 .
The reported vote totals from each state were queued for download about 400 times an hour from MSNBC.com ; data was collected in a circular queue as fast as possible .
This does not mean that I have a complete set of data ; networking and storage issues created significant discontinuities within the data , especially as the night progressed .
MSNBC was used as the source because it was the only website that presented the election results as pure HTML ; CNN , CBS , et al. used an asynchronous reporting scheme that prohibited the automated retrieval of their reported election results .
Using some of this data , primarily from the East Coast , I will prove that a linear trend with a very high R^2 is the expected outcome of such a graph .
Let 's first begin by analyzing Kentucky , one of the first states to begin reporting results .
The state of Kentucky lies across the Eastern and Central time zones ; about half the state 's polls closed at 6 ET and the other half at 7 ET .
The graph below illustrates the number of votes received by each presidential candidate with respect to the time at which they were recorded ; I began collecting data from all states at around 6:40 CT .
The graph below depicts each US candidate 's vote total as a function of time and looks decisively non-linear , as many would expect :
The graph above simply intends to illustrate the discontinuities and imperfections of our data set in a more logical format .
The graph above is not supposed to resemble the Iran graph ; the version intended for comparison , using Kentucky data , is presented below :
From simple inspection , the Kentucky graph appears to be reasonably linear , clearly depicting a strong similarity to the Iran graph of internet lore .
Although the R^2 is slightly lower than its TehranBureau counterpart , an R^2 value of .9995 still remains plausible .
I would argue that Kentucky represents an acceptable microcosm of " ethnic groups , " but other factors may be at play .
Kentucky may be the norm or it may be the exception , the only way to find out is by analyzing more data .
I conducted the same analysis using Virginia 's data ; first the votes vs. time graph from Virginia for a glimpse at our data set :
The Virginia data is clearly smoother than its Kentucky equivalent , but the curves resemble the same general form .
I looked at a number of other states and the same general shape held across geographic and demographic borders .
We 'll now explore the relation between each candidate 's vote totals in Virginia :
The Virginia graph seems to support the linear trend we saw in the Kentucky graph , but again the R^2 value is slightly lower than our target .
This discrepancy can likely be attributed to the large number of points plotted , around 1,500 , in the preceding graphs .
If we were to strictly adhere to our four previously stated facts , specifically by using just six or seven points , we could probably achieve higher R^2 values .
Let 's go ahead and do that now .
The observations I made earlier will now play an important role in definitively disproving the " impossibility . "
Let 's first begin by establishing the various threshold reporting levels for Kentucky and Virginia with respect to the original :
KENTUCKY Report % Time CT McCain Obama Two Way 16.76 18:40 173,406 126,564 299,970 26.49 19:12 268,616 205,480 474,096 36.00 19:32 371,124 273,229 644,353 53.03 20:02 532,940 416,231 949,171 62.09 20:17 621,411 489,848 1,111,259 64.64 20:24 642,008 514,837 1,156,845 80.57 20:27 818,572 623,366 1,441,938 Final 1,043,264 746,510 1,789,774 VIRGINIA
Report % Time CT McCain Obama Two Way 13.38 19:02 278,094 214,706 492,800 26.53 19:32 547,199 430,212 977,411 40.32 19:52 780,552 705,180 1,485,732 56.49 20:17 1,049,451 1,031,789 2,081,240 63.84 20:42 1,179,737 1,172,437 2,352,174 67.88 20:52 1,251,123 1,250,040 2,501,163 72.36 21:07 1,328,103 1,338,087 2,666,190 Final 1,726,053 1,958,370 3,684,423
Some rough extrapolations must be done to satisfy these thresholds ; there are several ways to do this , but the two - way vote total was chosen as the measuring stick .
When the distribution of the data resulted in two points equally spaced from the intended threshold , the larger percentage was used .
This is not a perfect scenario , but it should still serve to facilitate an unbiased result .
If you do n't like my methodology you can download the data in CSV format at the end of this article and make your own rules .
The composite six and seven point graphs for Kentucky , Virginia , Michigan and Pennsylvania are presented below with strict adherence to the original 's methodology :
The Kentucky data set is by far the most variable of the four states depicted and the threshold percentages also have the largest error relative to their corresponding target .
Unfortunately , Kentucky is unable to provide definitive evidence , in terms of the R^2 value , to entirely vacate the " impossible " claim .
Virginia is our next stop :
The R^2 value associated with the six point regression , .9996 , is higher than the R^2 value of .9995 associated with the TehranBureau graph .
The seven point R^2 value is however lower than the Entekhab News value of .9986 .
This unarguably debunks Muhammad Sahimi's assertion of statistical and mathematical impossibility .
Such an outcome is very possible , perhaps even probable .
Virginia is also geographically representative of the urban / rural population demographics in Iran .
Virginia has an urban population of 72.9 % according to the 2000 Census while Iran 's urban population is 68 % according to their 2006 Census .
Dissimilarities do however remain , including the margin of victory and the total number of votes cast ; and while this may not be an ideal comparison , the aspect of impossibility has been erased .
Onto Michigan :
The Michigan graph overcomes our seven point target with an R^2 of .9991 , but it fails to match the six point result put forth by TehranBureau .
The urban population of Michigan , at 75.5 % , is also fairly close to Iran's .
We have yet another example proving the possibility of such a correlation .
Pennsylvania continues the trend :
Pennsylvania 's R^2 values match the TehranBureau mark and fall just short of the .9986 value needed to equal the seven point correlation coefficient presented by Entekhab News .
Pennsylvania is however more urban than Iran by about 10.0 % ; but given that this is now the third state with an R^2 in excess of , or equal to , the value claimed by an Iranian source , the presence of a linear correlation is irrelevant to the possibility of election fraud .
Having dispelled the individual R^2 values for both the six and seven point data sets , I never ran into a state that met or exceeded both R^2 values .
This lack of repeatability may be significant , but based upon the preceding work , its likely just a case of random coincidence and inconsistent data .
The bottom line is this , a linear relationship between two candidates ' vote totals is the expected correlation .
The direct result of this research does not however prove or disprove election fraud , it simply invalidates the linear correlation metric as a means of identifying fraud .
And finally , the real time data as promised :
Kentucky : [ CSV , 49KB ]
Virginia : [ CSV , 60KB ]
Michigan : [ CSV , 56KB ]
Pennsylvania : [ CSV , 62KB ]
If you do anything useful or interesting with this data , please let me know .
Video 1444 is a YouTube video that has gone viral as part of a purported “ curse ” story .
The graphic video has been spread to social media users who are unaware of what they are clicking on .
The grisly video shows a Russian man dying by suicide by shooting himself in the head with a shotgun while sitting on a couch .
The 17 - second video appears to have been shared previously on sites and in communities that post extremely graphic photos and videos known as gore .
The video began trending the weekend of October 19 and October 20 on YouTube , Facebook , Twitter and Google .
The video spread again on December 9 , 2019 , after it was mentioned on TikTok .
It does not appear that the video was posted there , but TikTok users were looking for it .
The actual video has resurfaced on YouTube .
Multiple versions of the video have been uploaded on YouTube and social media sites with different titles , many including the term “ video 1444 . ”
Social media users have linked to the video without informing those who are clicking on it what is in the video in a morbid “ Rickroll ” style .
A YouTube spokesperson said in a statement to Heavy , “ YouTube has a clear policy that prohibits content promoting self - harm , and we quickly remove videos violating this policy . ”
According to YouTube , content that promotes self harm or is intended to shock or disgust users is explicitly prohibited by its policies .
YouTube says it has expanded its use of automated systems to flag and remove content that violates its policies more quickly , according to a recent blog post .
YouTube ’s most recent quarterly Community Guidelines Enforcement Report shows that over 87 percent of the 9 million videos removed by YouTube in the second quarter of 2019 were flagged first by its automated system .
More than 80 percent of those videos flagged by the automated system were removed before they received a single view , according to YouTube .
Here is what you need to know about the video 1444 YouTube trend :
The Video Shows an 18 - Year - Old Russian Teen Shooting Himself in the Head During a Livestream on the Social Media Site VK
The video is real .
The man in the video is an 18 - year - old from Russia named Gleb Korbalev , according to Twitter user @ Jaxieon , who discovered the details behind the video on Russian websites .
Korbalev was a university student in Moscow .
He live - streamed his suicide on the Russian social media website VK , which is similar to Facebook .
The video was spread on VK , and also on Telegram and a Russian site called 2ch .
The 17 - second video shows a man sitting on a couch in front of a painting holding a Saiga - 12 shotgun to his head .
He makes a brief statement in Russian and then pulls the trigger .
A gunshot can be heard and the brutal aftermath of the shooting is seen .
He appears to be saying , “ good bye , ” in Russian , before pulling the trigger .
A longer version of the video shows Korbalev ’s body on the couch for more than two hours before police arrive .
If you or someone you know is having suicidal thoughts , the toll - free National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK ( 8255 ) is available 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
All calls are confidential .
You can also text HOME to 741741 to reach the Crisis Text Line , which provides 24/7 support with a trained crisis counselor .
You canalso call the NAMI ( National Alliance on Mental Illness ) helpline at 1-800-950-6264 , or text NAMI to 741741 .
NAMI also has programs for family and caregivers that provide education and support .
The video went viral after it was posted a now - deleted YouTube channel called GORE .
It was up for about 16 hours before it was deleted , according to YouTube users who saw the original video before it was deleted .
The channel and the video have since been taken down , but the clip has been reuploaded hundreds of times .
The video has also been shared with a “ creepypasta “ - esque story about it being tied to a curse .
Viewers are warned that by viewing the video , they will be cursed .
The “ curse ” story claims that the curse can be broken by replying to the video with a version of the date October 20 , such as 20 - 10 - 19 .
What is Video 14.44 ?
A quick video addressing something a ton of people have been asking me about lately .
► Patreon : https://www.patreon.com/reignbot
► Twitter : @ReignBotYT ► Instagram : @reignbotyt ► Send ideas / suggestions / your story to : reignbotinbox@gmail.com
Stock Footage : http://www.beachfrontbroll.com/
Videoblocks.com Music : Kevin MacLeod CO.AG ( You Tube ) 2019-10-20T20:52:40.000Z
Kurosagi8 , a user on the Reddit subreddit r/ Nightmareexpo , which is for people interested in the “ dark side ” of the internet , wrote , “ They ’re saying basically it ’s some sort of video taken off deep Web , the theory is this dude planned it before hand and cursed it .
So anyone who watches it must say the date of his suicide or they ’re gonna have terrible luck .
It might be some sort of cultist prank …
But it weirds me out it does n’t have kid protection and how long it has been on the platform .
Considering how we all get targeted for minor stuff how something this big is still up ? ”
Many of the reaction videos and tweets about the video are in Spanish and the memes about the curse appear to have originated in Mexico .
Several Mexican news outlets have been covering the viral video story .
But the original video was likely recorded in Russia .
Social Media Users Are Warning Others About the Video
yall if u see a video with this image pls keep scrolling , dont watch it , close the app , do whatever it takes but its very graphic , its a guy committing suici / de and i repeat its VERY GRAPHIC dont search 1444 or if you see a tweet with that number keep scrolling PLS DONT WATCH IT pic.twitter.com/P1NUY1tCmq — e n u ( @B4NGT4NCH1LD ) October 20 , 2019
Social media users have been warning others about the video , because it is being linked to without a warning about the graphic content in the video .
Others have said that the video is being seen in autoplay on YouTube and have advised others to turn off autoplay to avoid stumbling upon the gruesome 1444 video .
One Twitter user , @irkedpoc , ” tweeted , “ yall if u see a video with this image pls keep scrolling , dont watch it , close the app , do whatever it takes but its very graphic , its a guy committing suici / de and i repeat its VERY GRAPHIC dont search 1444 or if you see a tweet with that number keep scrolling PLS DONT WATCH IT . ”
The tweet has more than 4,000 retweets and 3,000 likes .
Another user , @btsaoas , tweeted , “ tw/ / suicide / graphic content … y’all dont search 1444 on twitter either some people uploaded the video from youtube i saw it by accident and im literally crying . ”
On Reddit , a poster warned , “ Watch it if you want but do n’t force others to , I ’ve seen people get tricked by others telling them to watch it , if you get sent a random YouTube video , proceed with caution or do not proceed at all . ”
READ NEXT : Teacher Fired for Posing Nude to Support President Trump
Editor ’s Note :
An earlier version of this report stated that the man in the video was holding a rifle .
He was actually holding a Saiga - 12 shotgun .
Every person makes mistakes .
Often , we fail to learn from our mistakes and then we repeat them .
Sometimes we never learn .
Once a mistake is made , there 's nothing one can do to reverse the mistake .
It 's a done deal .
I 've made plenty of mistakes in my quest to become bigger and stronger .
What if I could do it all over again ?
What if I could use a time machine and warp myself back in time ?
How would I do things differently ?
Could I avoid making the same mistakes ?
If I had the opportunity to travel back to the time when I first started lifting weights , I would make many changes along my journey to become bigger and stronger .
Here 's a list in no particular order :
1. Become a master technician of lifting technique
I can't stress enough the importance of technique .
Even if you 're a genetic stud , poor technique will eventually catch up with you and you may become plagued by injuries .
Work on your technique so every repetition looks the same , whether it 's the first rep of your first warm - up set or the last rep of a work set .
Become machine - like when you lift .
2 . Work out no more than two times per week
Less is definitely more .
This is a lesson that took me years to learn .
If you 're working hard , two sessions per week can get the job done .
3 . No explosive lifting
If you want to lift weights for a lifetime , and have a healthy body void of injury , perform your reps with a deliberate and constant rate .
Remember that there are always people who can lift explosively and not suffer injury .
But , they are in the minority .
4. Eat 5 - 6 small meals per day of good nutrient - dense food
My idea of food used to include frozen pizza , greasy burgers , and potato chips .
Do n't waste your time in the gym by not stepping up to the table and providing the fuel necessary to pack on muscle .
5 . Forget about magic potions , pills , and powders
I was constantly looking for that magic supplement to propel me to new gains .
The only thing that happened was I got lighter - in the wallet .
If any of these supplements really did " work , " they would be pulled from the shelves .
You can count on a new " wonder supplement " being pushed every year .
Someone recently asked Lyle McDonald on the internet what he thought the best supplement was .
His answer was : " Squats and food . " I agree .
Spend your money on some good food instead of another fad supplement .
6 . Do n't perform these exercises
Do n't perform the following exercises : press behind neck , bench press to the neck , cambered bar bench press , stiff - legged deadlifts off high blocks , Smith machine anything , hack squat , 45 - degree plate - loading leg press , or super - wide chins .
For the majority of people , these exercises are " body wreckers . "
7. Perform the lying L-fly
I sure wish I 'd performed this exercise years ago .
I started performing the lying L - fly just over a year ago , and my shoulders have never felt better .
Consult Stuart 's technique book for how to perform this exercise .
8 . Do n't train like you 're lifting in a competition when you are n't a competitive lifter
Too many trainees train like competitive lifters and use low reps and heavy weights too frequently .
This type of lifting takes a toll on the body .
The ramifications of this practice may not show up for years .
Even competitive lifters should limit the use of heavy weights and low reps until just prior to a competition .
9 . Do only one work set per exercise
If you can get the job done in one set , why bother with another ?
10 . Perform at most 6 - 7 exercises at one time
Focus your effort on a few basic exercises .
Master the technique in performing these exercises .
A program does n't have to be complicated to be effective .
In fact , some of the most productive programs are the simplest .
11 . Check your ego at the door
Ego is the mortal enemy of common sense .
The macho bull being spewed by some " experts " with egos bigger than a house will likely get you injured .
Do n't let your ego be your guide in lifting .
12 . Keep a detailed training log
You can't determine where you 're going if you do n't know where you 've been .
One of my biggest mistakes was not keeping a detailed training log .
What weights did you use 12 weeks ago in your exercises ?
If you can't answer this question , how do you know if you 're progressing ?
If you can't answer the question , start keeping a training log now !
13 .
When in doubt , rest more not less
Even advanced lifters will add more sets and exercises when gains have all but dried up .
If your gains have dried up , try resting more not less .
14 . Base your training on the long - term not short - term
Do n't get caught up in trying to make large gains in short periods of time .
There were countless times that I tried to progress too fast in too short a time .
I either suffered an injury , or hit a plateau .
Resist the temptation to add weight too quickly when you 're having one of those workouts where you feel like the only thing that can stop you is kryptonite .
Be patient !
15 . Use fractional weight plates
The use of fractional weight plates is related directly related to # 14 .
For example , how can you expect to increase 5 pounds every week in the squat for a year ?
Five pounds a week for 52 weeks is 260 pounds !
If you were squatting 240x20 today , can you really expect to be squatting 500x20 in one year ?
Of course not .
Do n't let your ego get in the way of using small plates ( one pound or less ) .
Small increases add up to big gains over time .
16 . Do n't arch when performing the bench press
Arching the back when bench pressing will only help to demonstrate strength , not build it .
It 's dangerous to the lower back as well .
17 .
Get as much sleep as possible
Sleep is a very important element of recovery .
Staying up and watching the late show should not take priority over the health benefits of good night 's rest .
Where I work , most people 's engines are running on the caffeine that they consume by the gallon when they drink coffee each day to stay awake .
If you do n't get enough sleep , you 're sure to short circuit your efforts in the gym .
18 . Never buy a muscle comic book
Since you 're reading this magazine , you probably have this point covered .
The muscle comics provide unrealistic expectations .
The physiques attained by the bodybuilders in these magazines are obtainable by only a select few individuals , and the training routines advocated would likely kill an elephant .
19 .
Never round your back in squats or deadlifts
" I do n't care if my lower back is rounding when I perform squats or deadlifts — I just humped up a new PR ! "
If you have this attitude about rounding your lower back in the squat or deadlift , I can almost guarantee that lower - back pain will exist in your future ; possibly , for a lifetime .
Again , work on technique and make it a priority , not an afterthought .
Become a master technician !
20 .
Never rotate and flare your elbows when performing the bench press
When performing the bench press , keep your elbows from rotating at the sticking point such that they are no longer directly beneath your wrists .
This rotation puts a tremendous strain on the shoulders .
Add in some explosive lifting and you have an explosive combination for shoulder injuries .
21 . Never wear a belt , knee wraps , or tight lifting suit
Belts , knee wraps and lifting suits are nothing but aids to demonstrate strength , not build it .
If you 're a competitive lifter and feel you must use this equipment to be on a level playing ground , then limit their use to just before the contest .
And do n't buy into the philosophy that this equipment " prevents injuries . "
See # 11 for another reason that probably hits closer to the truth .
22 . Squat
If you can squat , and do it consistently , you 'll gain muscle all over your body .
Once I started squatting , I grew all over .
23 . Limit the use of SHIM ( super high - intensity methods )
Forced reps and negatives are two examples of what I would consider SHIM .
Use them sparingly .
Most trainees cannot tolerate such high - intensity methods every single workout without burning out .
24 . Deadlift every other week
The lower back is easily overtrained .
The deadlift is a total body blaster .
The higher the poundages used , the more rest is needed , especially if you 're squatting hard as well .
25 . Forget about gadgets , gimmicks and gizmos
There are no special machines , techniques or training routines that are " magic . "
Adding weight to the bar little by little consistently over time is the real magic .
26 . Never work out when sore
If your muscles are sore , you 're not recovered in my opinion .
In fact , just because you did n't get sore , or the soreness has subsided , does n't mean you 're ready to hit the weights again .
Experiment with recovery time .
Depending on what you did in your last workout , it could be significant period before you 're truly recovered even after soreness has subsided .
27 . Focus on the basic compound exercises
Squats , deadlifts , Trap - Bar deadlifts , presses , rows , chins and bench presses are all examples of exercises with a definite bang for the buck for building muscle and strength .
Leg extensions , triceps push - downs , concentration curls , shoulder laterals and pec flyes are not .
28 . Use a range - of - motion in your exercises suitable to your body structure and flexibility without exaggeration
Do n't perform exercises with exaggeration in the stretch positions .
This will likely lead to injury and you do n't get any benefit from the extra stretch .
29 .
Pack it in when necessary
If you begin a workout and everything seems to be going wrong , do n't be afraid to pack it in and come back another day .
Maybe your lower back starts to stiffen up , your mind is wandering because of other distractions in your life , and you 've a cold to boot .
Remember , it 's just one workout , and missing one workout or simply returning to work out the following day will not kill your progress .
In fact , you may save yourself from injury or falling into a bigger rut .
30 .
Put training in the proper perspective in life
Your life should not revolve around your training .
There are plenty of other elements in life that should take precedence over training .
Do n't get your priorities mixed up !
For every one of the thirty items in this list , I used to do the exact opposite .
Unfortunately , there 's no machine to send me back in time to start over .
Do n't be afraid to admit that you 've made a mistake in your training .
If you get injured , you 've made a mistake .
Try and determine what led to the mistake , and make sure you write it down so you can avoid repeating it .
Hopefully , by reflecting on my errors and presenting the appropriate changes to make , this article will help you to avoid making mistakes in your training .
For the first time in a long time , the balance of the world economy tends towards the East .
Analytical Center of Economics and Business ( CEBR ) , located in London , believes that even as early as in 2008 , the total weight of the United States , Canada and Europe in the global GDP was less than half ( 49.4 % ) , and three years will fall to 45 % .
Not so long ago the figure was about 60 % .
As “ RBC daily ” writes , the first time since the beginning of the industrial revolution in the XIX Old and New Light will yield the palm to developing countries led by China .
CEBR previously predicted that the economic hegemony of the West would soon end , because even in 2007 China was the third in world economies , but the turning point was named in 2015 .
After the financial crisis made its adjustments , the process of redistribution of forces in the global economy only increased .
“ The Center of the financial crisis is in developed countries , so a recession in the economy of the West is expected .
As a result , developing countries , especially China , will increase their share in global GDP this year .
This will accelerate the existing trend of moving the economic power from the Group of Seven major Developing States to developing countries ” , – said Oxford University economist Linda Yue .
Thus , CEBR expects that China will become world ’s second economy this year , thus getting ahead of Japan .
The forecast is very realistic , since when the crisis began the Land of the Rising Sun has been experiencing a huge drop in demand for its products .
Analysts point out that all countries are facing the economic recession , but in developing countries it takes place in a mild form .
And the recovery process there will be more successful .
This can be seen even now .
Over the past three months the stock market in Latin America showed an increase of 78 % , East Asia ( excluding Japan ) – rose by 66 % .
For comparison : American index S & P 500 rose by only 35 % .
Bill Gross , the head of one of the world ’s largest asset management company Pacific Investment Management Company ( PIMCO ) , also talked on the precariousness of the economic prospects of the absolute leadership of the U.S. last week .
He pointed out that the growing budget deficit and uncertain prospects for further economic growth pose a threat to the highest credit rating ( AAA ) of the United States , which they currently have .
Henry 's owners are baffled as to where he finds his socks
The owners of a cat with a passion for socks are leafleting their neighbours in the Loughborough area to see if they are missing any .
Henry , who is now a year old , has taken at least 57 socks although it is still unclear whether he gets them from washing lines or people 's houses .
He is often seen on a wall near his home with the hosiery in his mouth .
But owner Louise Brandon said they had so far been unable to reunite the stolen socks with their owners .
She said : " People must be going and replacing the socks because now we 're getting new ones .
" But no , there just seems to this endless supply of neighbourhood socks coming in and we do n't know where they 're coming from .
So it 's a bit embarrassing . "
Her four - year - old daughter Eloise added : " He steals socks every day . "
One of the biggest problems is that most states allow insurance companies to deny coverage for people with preexisting conditions .
So if you lose your job , and you ca n’t qualify for a government program like Medicare or Medicaid , it ’s nearly impossible to get health insurance if you are sick or have an illness .
This creates a perverse incentive .
In the United States , insurance companies compete based on who is best at avoiding people who need life - saving health care .
And this incentive manifests itself in a wide range of controversial practices by the insurance companies .
When people with individual policies fall ill and submit claims for expensive treatments , some insurance companies launch investigations .
They scour the policyholder ’s original insurance application and the person ’s medical records to find any discrepancy , any omission , or any misstatement that could allow them to cancel the policy .
They try to find something -- anything -- so they can say that this individual was not truthful .
It does n’t have to relate at all to the medical care the person is seeking , and often it does n’t .
You might need chemotherapy for lymphoma , but the insurance company can cancel your coverage because you failed to disclose your gall stones .
It may come as a surprise to most people , but the insurance companies believe they are entitled to cancel policies even when these omissions or discrepancies are unintentional .
They believe they have the right to cancel policies even when someone else , like the agent who sold their policy , was responsible for the discrepancy in the first place .
In addition , they can terminate coverage not just for the primary policyholder , but for the entire family , including innocent children who did nothing wrong .
Put simply , the Finance Committee wanted its bill to cost $ 1 trillion over 10 years .
The CBO returned an early estimate to the panel on Tuesday night : $ 1.6 trillion over 10 years .
The specifics of the estimate have not been made public .
But the final number changed everything .
Max Baucus , the chairman of the committee , pushed markup back behind the July 4th recess .
He has promised to get the bill below $ 1 trillion over 10 years .
That 's very dangerous ...
Right now , I 'm told Finance is going down the road of less reform .
They 're cutting the subsidies , cutting the generosity of the basic benefit package and cutting the number of people who will ultimately be insured by their proposal .
This reflects a simple reality :
If you 're going to try to leave the central features of the health - care system untouched , you can't get to universal coverage , or even anywhere near it , on $ 100 billion a year .
" Without health insurance coverage , the vast majority of Americans cannot afford to pay for health care .
Even many with health care take shortcuts in getting health care for themselves and their families .
Those without , go without needed services , or they go bankrupt or lose their homes because of medical bills they can’t pay ,
" All Americans must have access to quality , cost - effective health care , and this should be the guiding principle of any federal legislation .
In Ohio , many job losses have occurred from the collapse of the auto and related industries and from tax incentives to corporations who have outsourced manufacturing jobs to other countries whose governments cover health care expenses .
“ Many opponents of a public option blithely confuse the government ’s direct payment for health care services with some countries ’ governments that actually provide health care services .
This is irresponsible .
Millions of dollars have been spent to run TV ads that scare everyday Americans into thinking that health care reform is the equivalent of socialism .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
“ It is time for Democrats and Republicans alike to step up and give Americans real choices for health care for themselves and their families , and it needs to happen now .
A public option has existed for years for older Americans through Medicare , which has successfully been providing decent health care to millions .
Extending this type of model as a choice of coverage to the more than 46 million Americans without health coverage is not earth shattering -- it ’s a choice and one we ’ve been doing with success for years ...
We need to keep what works and expand that to those who now lack access to health care .
A public option is simply one way to do that among many .
It ’s time that Americans be unshackled from the fear , ignorance and gridlock of past practices .
Let Americans keep the health insurance they have if they like it , but let ’s use the public option as a way to make health care available to all Americans while making it easier to account for how money on health care is spent . "
Why do Americans have so much mistrust for their for - profit insurance companies -- almost as much , in fact , as they mistrust congressional Republicans ?
Yesterday , after a year long investigation , the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing on rescissions of coverage after policyholders become ill .
Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) questioned 3 insurance company CEOs whose companies were responsible for 20,000 individual insurance policyholders having had their policies rescinded in the past year .
One of the slippery weasels -- at least one of them ( WellPoint ) -- has an internal policy in place that evaluates employee performance ( i.e. , suitability for bonuses and even retention ) partially based on the amount of money the employees saved the company through retroactive rescissions of health insurance policies .
In other words , those lovely bureaucrats who ill people have to deal with on the phone and who seem better equipped to have worked for Dick Cheney in Guantánamo , are incentivized to deny treatment .
These are who have bought out members of the Senate like John McCain ( $ 2,895,602 ) , Ben Nelson ( $ 1,196,799 ) , Max Baucus ( $ 1,184,113 ) , Arlen Specter ( $ 1,035,530 ) , Joe Lieberman ( $ 1,036,302 ) , Mitch McConnell ( $ 929,207 ) , Chuck Grassley ( $ 884,724 ) , Kent Conrad ( $ 824,837 ) , Jim Bunning ( $ 781,016 ) , Orrin Hatch ( $ 661,807 ) and other declared opponents of a single - payer health care system -- or even the compromise position of a public !
Oh , and Blanche Lincoln ( $ 456,533 ) , who is remarkable not because she 's gotten millions over her career but becauseyear -- the health insurance industry 's crunch year -- they 've decided to focus in on her , a well known shill for any corporate entities willing to write big enough checks , and have given her the second largest amount in donations ofmember of the Senate !
They 're counting on Blanche to cross over to the Republican side of the aisle and vote for the Insurance Industry agenda , not matter how badly it hurts Arkansas working families .
Would she do that ?
You bet !
She always does .
And that 's why Blue America is busy producing TV ads for saturate the Arkansas air waves with .
I know I 've mentioned it before , but could you consider chipping in on our Blue America Health Care page
Of course , there are some people who think the health care system is working just fine -- or can just use a little tinkering around the edges like the GOP is proposing -- and then Blue America 's accountability initiative is probably not for you .
The chair of the committee , Henry Waxman , explained how the for - profit insurance system is a dysfunctional mess :
While sleazy political operators like Ben Nelson , Chuck Grassley , Mitch McConnell , Joe Lieberman , Arlen Specter , John Cornyn , Blanche Lincoln and Tom Daschle earn their keep by undermining health care reform -- many wonder about Obama 's commitment to real health care reform ( watch the video below ) -- polling consistently shows that the American public wants it .
One poll today shows that 83 % of Americans want the public option , regardless of all what all the pompous , paid off shills in the House of Lords say to the contrary .
Another poll shows that 76 % favor it In today ' strusted health care expert Ezra Klein writes that health care reform is in danger and the photo ?
Insurance Industry shill Max Baucus on the phone , probably thanking some CEOs for the generous payments they 've been lavishing his coffers with .
He explains how Baucus ' Finance Committee will destroy any chance of effective reform :
Few members of the Senate are on the side of their constituents on this .
A handful -- Bernie Sanders ( D - VT ) , Dick Durbin ( D - IL ) , Jeff Merkley ( D - OR ) , Sheldon Whitehouse ( D - RI ) , Jack Reed ( D - RI ) , Sherrod Brown ( D - OH ) , the People 's Tribunes -- are .
If you care , your should contact your two and tell them you 'll never vote for them again if single payer or the public option fails .
The plan of the senators who have been bribed by Big Insurance and the Medical - Industrial Complex is to force us all to hand over more money to incompetent , greed - obsessed and crooked insurance companies who are slobbering over the billions they stand to make while they think of all the ways they can cut back on service .
One Senate candidate who gets it is Ohio Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner .
She 's very clear that health care reforminclude a robust public option .
This is why we liked Obama and why we elected him .
What happened ?
( Please help us with our carrot and our stick approach -- whichever you prefer . )
Labels : Bart Stupak , health care , Henry Waxman , Insurance Industry
bob hated the mall except for the food court .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Back in November , the day after the U.S. presidential election , I wrote an article demonstrating that President - elect Barack Obama is a geek .
This past Friday evening at the Radio and Television Correspondents Dinner , John Hodgman brought a very similar argument to the president himself .
My article gained me a small and brief amount of fame , including being quoted in an AP article that appeared in late December .
It remains one of the more popular posts I 've written for GeekDad , and one of the ones I 'm most proud of .
Hodgman , known for his work on The Daily Show and his role in Apple commercials , did an absolutely brilliant job , bringing up point after point showing Obama 's geekiness , complete with slides .
I 've enjoyed Hodgman 's books and his segments on The Daily Show immensely , but on Friday he really blew me away .
I loved that he used a picture of Obama in front of the Superman statue , just as I did , and mentioned the Leonard Nimoy Vulcan salute incident as well .
But I absolutely lost it when he quizzed the president about Dune .
The great job he did is doubly impressive because not only is he not the most experienced of public speakers , but also because he followed the president at the podium , and Obama also gave a great and very funny speech .
We at GeekDad salute Hodgman for his performance , and hope to see more like it in the future .
See the video of his speech below .
( Because I just had to know , I asked Hodgman on Twitter whether he'd taken any inspiration from my article .
He responded that he knew of it , but found inspiration elsewhere .
I confess to getting a bit giddy on finding out that John Hodgman — one of the most prominent geeks in the U.S. — had read my writing . )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yW7OPByRGDY
According to an AP report , U.S. president Barack Obama and Russian president Dmitry Medvedev have reached an understanding to reduce their countries ’ nuclear arsenals .
Under treaties currently in force , each side is permitted to have as many as 2,200 warheads and 1,600 launch vehicles .
The understanding , which would serve as guidance for negotiators formulating a new arms - control treaty , pushes the totals down to as few as 1,500 warheads and 500 - 1,100 launch vehicles on each side .
The good news is that reducing the number of such weapons helps to reduce the risks associated with them — still the most critical threat to humanity , notwithstanding the end of the Cold War twenty years ago .
The bad news is that even if the totals should ultimately be reduced to the ranges stipulated in the agreement , both sides will still have an absurdly large number of such weapons .
It is fair to say that a nuclear exchange between these two countries that involved only a hundred large warheads on each side would wreak almost unimaginable death and destruction and extend its consequent horrors throughout the entire world , owing to the spread of radiation and the calamitous effects on the world economy .
What possible benefit warrants the continuing retention of such horrifying potential for global harm by either government ?
International communism is defunct as a serious threat to mankind .
Even if its containment justified the maintenance of the gigantic U.S. nuclear arsenal during the Cold War — a highly debatable proposition in itself — no such justification now exists .
Obama and Medvedev have undertaken to move their governments in the right direction , but they need to move them much , much farther .
Nothing short of scrapping these horrible , intrinsically indiscriminating weapons entirely will suffice to eliminate their terrible threat to mankind and other living creatures .
Scientists have found that harmful tangles of proteins that cause diseases such as Alzheimer 's can be transmitted from one brain to another , spreading and causing damage after being injected into the brains of mice .
The researchers stressed , however , that Alzheimer 's was not contagious and said it could not be caught , for example , through blood transfusions .
Alzheimer 's and similar neurodegenerative diseases can be caused by the build - up in the brain of tangled masses of a type of protein called tau .
They destroy brain function and , when they damage large amounts of tissue , can lead to dementia .
In experiments on mice , researchers found that the tau tangles spread in the brain as though they were an infectious agent , after they were injected in tissue from the brain of an affected mouse into the brain of a healthy one .
The research is published tomorrow in the journal Nature Cell Biology , and gives scientists a much better idea of how to target therapies for neurodegenerative diseases .
Michel Goedert of the Medical Research Council 's Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge , who took part in the study , said the work opened up new avenues in understanding and allowing scientists to experiment with the causes of dementia .
" This research in mice does not show that tau pathology is contagious or it can spread easily from mouse to mouse – what it has revealed is how tau tangles spread within brain tissues of individual mice , " he said .
" It suggests that tangles of proteins that build up in the brain to cause symptoms could have some contagious properties within brain tissue but not between mice that have n't been injected with tissue from another mouse and certainly not between people . "
Though they are also bits of protein , tau tangles do not transmit in the same way as prions , the proteins that cause diseases such as vCJD and mad cow disease by destroying brain tissue , because they cannot be passed easily between individuals .
Rebecca Wood , chief executive of the Alzheimer 's Research Trust , said : " This greater understanding of how tangles spread in Alzheimer 's may lead to new ways of stopping them and defeating the disease . "
Abnormal tangles build up in the brain during Alzheimer 's and other diseases of the brain .
It 's not clear how that happens - but it is clear that Alzheimer 's itself is not contagious .
We desperately need more research like this to find answers to dementia , a cruel condition that affects 700,000 people in the UK . "
There is still much unknown about the changes in tau protein that lead to tangle formation in humans and , eventually , widespread brain cell death .
But Susanne Sorensen , head of research at the Alzheimer 's Society , said : " Each new piece of knowledge helps build a better picture and takes us closer to the point where we can stop loss of brain tissue and dementia for good . "
savannah.gnu.org status
The last backup was performed while RAID was buggy , and lots of files were reported missing , in particular for CVS / SVN / Git / Hg .
Hence the last backup is incomplete . [...]
And , our last full backup from tape is from end of April .
Normally tape backups are more recent , but there were independent backup issues .
We 've not discussed since in detail as we 're focusing on recovering the data asap .
The server that hosts GNU and other projects , savannah.gnu.org had a catastrophic failure over the weekend .
A message in the savannah - users mailing list describes the problems with a RAID array which eventually led to filesystem corruption .
This took out the source code repositories for the projects hosted there . " " Status updates are available via fsfstatus on identi.ca .
( thanks to David P. Reed ) .
Log in to post comments )
Contributing Writer
We constantly hear that Berkeley is known across the world for its dedication to big ideas and for its history of student involvement in social movements .
As some of you might know - maybe from hearing about Professor Michael Pollan and his book " The Omnivore 's Dilemma " - our city is the epicenter of a sustainable foods movement that champions environmentally and socially conscious food .
This is a great development , but one that has mostly involved university faculty and community members .
So far , the majority of students have n't had a good day - to - day means of being involved in sustainability .
I like music .
I 'm in a couple of bands in Berkeley and I like to go to shows whenever I can .
I also like food and I 'm interested in environmental issues , but I 'm not a hardcore activist or an ideologue ( though I am a philosophy major , so bear with me ) .
I 've always been surprised at the lack of any cohesive music scene on campus .
There are one or two venues ( expensive ! ) , but it seems that the small , scattered music scene in this town relies on house parties that get shut down by the cops and art gallery shows 15 minutes into Oakland - hardly ideal settings for new students and musicians .
The situation has n't been much better on campus either .
Allow me to introduce you to The Berkeley Student Food Cooperative !
Our plan is to open a student - run , student - owned cafe and market that will offer delicious sandwiches , soups , groceries , juices , coffee and pastries , as well as serve as a venue for local arts , music and events .
We want your help !
You 've probably heard some of the catchphrases of the sustainable foods movement - organic , local , fair trade , renewable - but this food co-op is a way to actually put those abstract principles into action in an important and inexpensive way .
Following the Real Food Challenge 's Real Food Criteria , we 'll ensure that our food is ecologically sound , humane , fairly traded , community based and healthy .
Our produce will be bought directly from local farmers and our co-op will be run mainly by volunteers like myself , so we can cut out the " middle men " and keep the costs of running the store low , which will allow us to pass on a 20 - 40 percent savings to customers .
I got involved in starting this up because I saw that it had potential to offer the Berkeley campus three things I love : cheap , tasty food , sustainable alternatives and a venue for arts , music , and other events .
Now we need you to do the same !
We have already raised over $ 100,000 but we need more to open our doors .
We are looking for student interns and volunteers interested in a great summer project helping us network , crunch numbers , finalize our business plan , write policies and get established .
No matter how much time you can commit , you can help us out enormously just by coming to our meetings and offering your perspective .
You can also make a tax deductible donation to our project at our Web site , www.berkeleyfoodcoop.com.
Two weeks ago we hired a professional business consultant who is highly motivated .
He is helping us organize our business and there is a lot to be done - from market research and fundraising to screen - printing T - shirts and planning events .
The learning experiences possible in the next few months are huge , and as a group , we 'd love to have all the help we can get .
Cooperatives are a proven answer to difficult economic downturns .
During the Great Depression , there was a surge in cooperative businesses , purchasing collectives and housing organizations because of their ability to efficiently pool together resources and provide services in a fair and equal manner .
Today , both individuals and large institutions - UC administrators and students included - are looking for creative solutions to our economic and social problems .
The Berkeley Student Food Cooperative is about making something good happen to improve our campus and our daily lives .
Come to our meetings Mondays at 7 at Andres Castro Arms Co-op ( Warring & Bancroft ) and look for us selling organic produce Mondays on Sproul .
GAOJIAGOU , China ( Reuters ) - Ten - year old Yilong is already a statistic .
Born at the center of China ’s coal industry , the boy is mentally handicapped and is unable to speak .
He is one of many such children in Shanxi province , where coal has brought riches to a few , jobs for many , and environmental pollution that experts say has led to a high number of babies born with birth defects .
Experts say coal mining and processing has given Shanxi a rate of birth defects six times higher than China ’s national average , which is already high by global standards .
“ They looked normal when they were born .
But they were still unable to talk or walk over a year later , ” said farmer Hu Yongliang , 38 , whose two older children are mentally handicapped .
“ They learnt to walk at the age of six or seven .
They are very weak .
Nobody knows what the problem is . ”
Hu ’s thirteen - year - old daughter Yimei can only say one word , while her brother Yilong is unable to talk at all .
The two spend most of the day playing in their small courtyard , where their mother Wang Caiying tends to their every need and tries to shield them from the neighbors ’ prejudice .
“ I never let them go out , I do n’t want people to laugh at my children .
They stay in this courtyard every day , ” said Wang , who looks older than her 36 years .
“ I am especially worried about my son .
He does n’t know how to take care of himself .
I have to do everything for him . ”
The number of birth defects in Chinese infants soared nearly 40 percent from 2001 to 2006 , China ’s National Population and Family Planning Commission said in a 2007 report .
A labourer smokes while taking a rest at a cinder dump site in Changzhi , Shanxi province , in this June 18 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Stringer / Files
The rate of babies born with birth defects rose from 104.9 per 10,000 births in 2001 , to 145.5 in 2006 , affecting nearly one in 10 families , the report said .
Infants with birth defects accounted for about 4 to 6 percent of total births every year , or 800,000 to 1.2 million babies , higher than World Health Organization estimates that about 3 to 5 percent of children worldwide are born with birth defects .
“ The fact that the rate of birth defects in Shanxi province is higher is related to environmental pollution caused by the high level of energy production and burning of coal , ” said Pan Xiaochuan , a professor from Peking University ’s Occupational and Environmental health department .
Pan has been doing research into the health effects of pollution in Shanxi for several years .
Neural tube defects were the most common form of defect found in babies in Shanxi , Pan said , though congenital heart disease , additional fingers and toes , and cleft palettes were also common .
FOLIC ACID
China , home to some of the world ’s most polluted cities , has pledged to cut emissions and clean up its environment , laid waste by decades of breakneck development .
But lax local enforcement and an insatiable demand for energy to feed its booming economy undermine environmental policy goals .
China ’s ministry of health last week said it would give folic acid supplements to 12 million rural women to try to reduce the rate of defects , especially the neurological defects that are most common and easily prevented with such supplements .
Defects often strike in the poorest families , who can barely afford medical fees let alone care for their children once they reach adulthood .
The meager 10,000 yuan ( 1,600 US dollars ) a year Hu earns transporting goods leaves almost nothing to pay for medical expenses for his two children .
The family ’s hopes are now pinned on their youngest , a six - month old boy named Yiwu , whose blood tests show he was spared his siblings ’ afflictions .
His parents want Yiwu to be a doctor when he grows up .
Like many other villages in southwest Shanxi , Gaojiagou is surrounded by at least a dozen mines that spew out millions of tons of coal every year to feed China ’s power plants and steel mills .
Many Gaojiagou villagers suffer from coughs or respiratory illnesses caused by the dust that clouds the air .
Their water source has also been polluted by mining , they say .
“ Before every family got drinking water from the well in the courtyard , ” Hao said as water the color of weak tea rushed out of a hose into a metal washbasin .
“ But now the water in the well is so polluted by the coal mines and washeries around our village , we cannot drink it any more . ”
Sure , we ’ve seen Tesla coils cook hot dogs and play the Imperial March , but this is the first 4 - channel MIDI - Controlled Dual - Resonant Solid State Tesla Coil music system ( MIDIDRSSTC ) that we ’ve seen .
Basically , the guitar sounds get processed by the MIDI controller and then outputted by the coils .
Continue reading to see it in -action — video courtesy of reader Rabot .
From Don Reed , national stem cell research advocate :
The next 12 days are crucial in the stem cell research struggle .
Here 's why .
Remember when President Obama signed that document removing the Bush stem
cell restrictions ?
That same day he called upon the National Institutes of Health to draft a new set of guidelines for scientists wanting federal
funding .
Those guidelines have just been issued .
see
http://stemcells.nih.gov/policy/2009draft.htm
The next 14 days are the comment period for the new guidelines for stem cell research , which American scientists will have to live with if they want federal funding .
This is the public 's only chance to shape those guidelines , which can be improved - or made worse .
Unfortunately , there are problems with the proposed guidelines !
Not only are the guidelines far more conservative than we had hoped , but
opponents of the research are systematically flooding the comment process .
Conservative religious bodies , have launched a national campaign to attack early stem cell research by mass emails to the NIH .
Journalists watch President Obama on television as he makes remarks on the American automotive industry and the bankruptcy of GM .
| REUTERS GOP hopes GM is Obama 's Katrina
General Motors hopes that bankruptcy will make the struggling automaker stronger and more competitive .
Republicans are hoping it will do the same for them .
Advertisement
The GOP sees President Barack Obama ’s decision to help the unpopular carmaker as an easy opportunity to paint him as a bailout - happy , deficit - drunk spendthrift eager to impose a heavy government hand on a swath of industries .
The Republicans are linking the decision to pour about $ 50 billion into “ Government Motors ” to the new administration ’s energy , health care and housing plans — all of which , they argue , will result in higher costs for consumers and bigger national deficits .
Even the war spending bill now pending in Congress , they say , amounts to a “ global bailout ” for the International Monetary Fund .
“ The pattern here is pretty clear , ” House Minority leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) said Thursday .
“ Every time the president makes a so - called tough decision , it ’s the American middle class that gets hit the hardest . ”
Obama defends his administration as a reluctant and stern savior of an industry that ’s vital to the American economy .
“ I refused to kick the can down the road , ” Obama said when he announced the bankruptcy details .
“ If GM and Chrysler and their stakeholders were willing to sacrifice for their companies ’ survival and success ; if they were willing to take the difficult but necessary steps to restructure and make themselves stronger , leaner and more competitive , then the United States government would stand behind them . ”
But Republicans see in GM a chance for their party to come out with a unified message — a confidence grounded in the conservative belief that government involvement in private industry always spells disaster .
And GM ’s long history of financial problems — even in more prosperous times — also makes Republicans see the company as a big albatross around Obama ’s neck .
“ This is somewhere in between Baghdad and fixing the flood in Louisiana , ” Grover Norquist , president of Americans for Tax Reform , said , comparing the GM decision to major stumbles by former President George W. Bush .
Obama “ has decided to take this over .
He now owns it . ”
The Politico 44 Story Widget Requires Adobe Flash Player
The strategy is not without risk :
If the economy rebounds , Obama gets credit , and Republicans look like they were rooting for failure .
“ If the economy improves , then the GM bailout is a political winner for Obama , ” said longtime GOP consultant Dan Schnur , who heads the Jesse M. Unruh Institute of Politics at the University of Southern California .
“ It becomes hard to argue against any individual component of the recovery plan . ”
Still , the GM bankruptcy plan is an inviting target for the GOP .
While concerns over offending moderates , women and Hispanics has some Republicans treading lightly on the Supreme Court nomination of Sonia Sotomayor , Detroit is a less sympathetic character in the political drama .
Polling shows that a majority of voters oppose the federal loans and other types of government assistance given to General Motors and Chrysler over the past six months .
Republicans are more than happy to stoke the outrage .
In news conference after news conference this week , they slammed the administration for taking a roughly 60 percent stake in GM as part of the bankruptcy proceedings .
That decision , they argue , will result in lawmakers getting intimately involved with the daily workings of the troubled company .
“ I know that I do n’t want Speaker Pelosi and Harry Reid designing the car that I drive , and I do n’t think any New Yorker — or any American — does , either , ” House Minority Whip Eric Cantor ( R - Va. ) said in a New York radio interview Thursday .
“ Washington , the president , Congress , none ... has any business running that car company .
They ’ll run it into the ground . ”
Republicans also argue that the White House has put the taxpayers on the hook for billions of dollars , money that they may never see repaid if the company continues to founder .
Sen. Richard Shelby ( R - Ala . ) called the bankruptcy a “ sad , sad day for the country . ”
“ I ’ll feel better when they pay the taxpayers back and are making money , ” he told POLITICO , noting that he expects the government will want to put more money into GM in the future .
“ That may be a long way away , if ever . ”
Senate Republican Conference Chairman Lamar
Alexander held two press conferences and took to cable news to tout his legislation that would give every taxpayer an equal share of GM stock .
“ Under my proposal , the fiduciary duty that management owes to owners would be owed to millions of Americans owning new GM stock , not to a few Washington politicians , ” the Tennessee Republican said on the Senate floor .
Sen . Mike Johanns ( R - Neb . ) filed a separate amendment requiring Congress to vote on any use of Troubled Asset Relief Program money that results in the government holding an ownership stake in a company — as is the case with GM .
And GOP Reps . Spencer Bachus of Alabama and Jeb Hensarling of Texas insinuated that the White House helped GM please the Democrats ’ union allies , asking House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) to hold oversight hearings on how the Obama administration handled the bankruptcy arrangements .
The government ’s plan gives 17.5 percent of the company to a United Auto Workers union health care fund .
“ If investors perceive that political might , rather than the rule of law , governs the financial markets , it will greatly discourage further participation in our markets — extending our economic downturn , ” Hensarling said in a statement .
Rust Belt Republicans split with the party to support the bailout , siding with home - state interests such as auto workers and suppliers .
Boehner , aides note , has to tread more lightly because he represents Ohio , a state that ’s home to several GM plants .
But that did n’t stop him from using the GM rescue to hammer the administration ’s larger agenda .
“ This is not what the American middle class expected when they voted for change , ” Boehner said .
“ Over and over again , people who followed the rules , people who pay their mortgages on time , pay their credit cards on time , go to work every day — they ’re the ones that are getting it stuck to them . ”
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
A new Taliban military " code of conduct " calls for restrictions on suicide attacks aimed at avoiding the killing of civilians , but U.S. and Afghan military officials dismissed the document as propaganda , calling it hypocritical .
A Pakistani looks at a bus set on fire by Taliban militants in northwest Pakistan in June .
The booklet , obtained by CNN in northwestern Pakistan , has emerged during a crucial moment in the fight between troops and militants in Afghanistan , where battles are raging in the country 's Helmand province and troops work to establish stability for the upcoming presidential elections .
" Suicide attacks should be at high value and important targets because a brave son of Islam should not be used for low value and useless targets , " the code of conduct said .
" In suicide attacks the killing of innocent people and damage to their property should be minimized . "
It also says " all mujahideen must do their best to avoid civilian deaths and injuries and damage to civilian property . "
And it says that mujahideen " should refrain " from disfiguring of people , such as the severing of ears , nose and lips .
" Mujahideen must be well behaved , and treat the people properly , in order to get closer to the hearts of civilian Muslims , " the code said .
Lt. Cmdr. Christine Sidenstricker , U.S. military spokeswoman in Kabul , saidit was notable that the document is intended to be " prescriptive on how the bad guys are supposed to conduct themselves . "
Watch why Taliban have brought out new code of conduct »
" Their day to day actions contradict everything in it , " Sidenstricker said .
" The long and the short of it is , they do n't operate in accordance to their code of conduct . "
She said more than 60 percent of civilians killed have been killed by the Taliban , and since January , more than 450 innocent Afghans have been killed and more than 1,000 others have been injured .
Watch why Taliban are proving hard to uproot »
Also , half the casualties resulting from roadside bombs were civilians .
" The booklet also says suicide attacks should always be done against high - ranking officials .
In reality , they have killed more then 200 Afghan civilians , " she said .
Afghanistan Defense Ministry spokesman Gen. Zaher Azimi said the code is " propaganda " and that the Taliban " will never implement that . "
He cites a recent beheading of a retired Afghan soldier as a clear example of the group 's real behavior .
" It was against all the laws of war , " Azimi said .
As far as the upcoming election , Azimi said , the Taliban has tried its best in the past " to disrupt the normal process of peace and security , and they will try their best to disrupt the peace and security process in the future . "
The code of conduct is dated as coming into effect on May 9 , 2009 .
It is similar to a previous document that emerged in 2006 and covers many topics .
For example , it says " kidnapping for ransom is strictly prohibited . "
As for prisoners , the code says " it is strictly prohibited to exchange prisoners for money .
Killing can only be decided by the Imam or his deputy .
No one else has the right to do so . "
It says an imam or his deputy are on the only ones to make decisions on whether to kill , release of exchange a captured " military infidel . "
Further , it says the practice of taking weapons from people by force " is no longer permitted . "
" But people may hand over their weapons voluntarily , " it said .
And it says that the " mujahideen of the Islamic Emirate should not collect donations forcibly " and that " people should be free to choose who they want to give to . "
It said mujahideen should n't search peoples ' homes .
" If there is a need to do this , they should get permission from authority and the search should be done in the presence of the imam of the local mosque and two elders . "
The code said mujahids are n't permitted to smoke and that " a male who has not yet grown a beard may not stay in a common sleeping area with other men . "
CNN 's National Security Analyst Peter Bergen said the militants " clearly " are aware of the need to win " hearts and minds " and are trying to rectify the " mistakes " of al Qaeda in Iraq .
" They have their own counter - insurgency strategy in winning hearts and minds , " Bergen said .
" This is a corrective , absolutely . "
He said " there 's a window for both sides to make some progress " and the Taliban want to exploit the moment .
" The Taliban believe they are either winning or not losing .
If you are an insurgent not losing is important , " he said .
CNN 's Ivan Watson , Tim Schwarz and Joe Sterling and journalist Janullah Hashimzadeh contributed to this report
All About The Taliban • Afghanistan • Pakistan
It has been a crazy night trying to download the latest iPhone update , with many people reporting that they are unable to access Apple 's servers due to unusually high traffic .
But Apple 's servers are now up to scratch and everybody should have the 3.0 software update installed on their iPhone and iPod Touch .
If you have n't had a proper run-down through all the new features in the iPhone 3.0 software update , our colleagues from Macworld have a comprehensive hands - on review .
But now that many had the chance to play around with the new iPhone OS , plenty of undocumented features and nifty updates are starting to show up .
I have complied for you this list of the top 10 hidden gems within the iPhone 3.0 update , which are some of the most important undocumented features so far .
If you find any more , make sure you leave them in the comments , so that everyone gets to try them .
Adjustable Song Scrolling Speed
Previously , while listening to a song , you had a simple dot on the song bar to rewind or fast forward .
But now in the 3.0 update , you can scroll through songs at various speeds .
Put your finger on the scrolling point and it will start glowing .
Now , if you drag your finger left or right , you will scroll through the song at " high speed , " and if you do this movement while dragging your finger down the screen , the speed decreases to " half speed , " " quarter speed , " or " fine scrubbing . "
Special Characters
In Messaging
The 3.0 keyboard has a few extra special characters when holding certain signs down .
For example , when you hold down the " . " you also get " ... "
The dash " - " also displays an em-dash " - " and quotations and apostrophes display " < < " and " > > " and can also be curved .
Another quick tip is to hold and press on the numeric button while in letters mode and slide your finger to the desired punctuation sign .
Then , the letter keyboard will come back automatically .
More Ways to Access Spotlight
Spotlight , the search function that looks through your e-mail , contacts , appointments , notes , and more can be accessed in multiple ways .
While on the first Home Screen page , if you swipe towards the right side of the screen , Spotlight will be activated .
( there is a little icon above the quick launch bar , just before the dots representing the multiple screens ) .
You can also access Spotlight while pressing the home button when on the first Home Screen page .
Alternatively , Mail and Contacts have now search bars at the top of the list .
Quote Fragment Within Reply in Mail
Just like on its desktop counterpart , the Mail app in the iPhone 3.0 update can now reply with only a quote from the original e-mail .
To achieve that , you tap and hold in an e-mail ( just as with copy / paste ) and select the portion of text you want to quote .
Then just hit the reply button and the selected fragment will be appended at the end of the e-mail ( under your signature ) , instead of the whole original message .
Remove Individual Texts from A Conversation
One annoyance in the 2.X iPhone software was that you had to remove an entire conversation of text messages .
But in the 3.0 update , there is an Edit button ( it 's in the top - right corner when inside a conversation ) , which allows you to select and remove individual text messages from a certain thread , similar to the way it is done in the Mail app .
Extra tip : this way you can also select a text you want to forward ( instead of copy / paste ) .
Open Link In New Tab In Safari
Safari now uses tabbed browsing , like big boys do on the desktops , and this new hidden feature is great .
If you tap and hold on a hyperlink ( hyperlinked text ) on a Web site within Safari , a dialog will prompt you to open this link , copy it ( link locations ) or open it in a new page ( which opens a new tab in Safari ) .
Force Quit Unresponsive Apps
Because of multiple functionalities for the Home button , this key will no longer force quit unresponsive apps like it did in 2.X software .
To force quit an application in 3.0 , you have to hold the sleep / wake button at the top until the red power off slider appears .
Then you have to hold down the home button to quit the unresponsive application .
Shake Phone to Undo Typing
As simple as it sounds , when you are in the Mail , Messaging , Safari or Notes applications , after you typed a word / several words , just shake the phone and a pop- up will appear , asking you whether you want to undo what you have just entered .
Change App Store Account On The Fly
Until now , you were stuck to changing your iTunes account from your computer and then sync back to the iPhone .
In the 3.0 software this can be done in two ways : either by going to Settings / Store and logging out and then back in with a different account , or straight within with the App Store application .
At the bottom of each search page , your current account is displayed , so if you tap on it , you can sign in / out or even edit / view account information .
Unlimited Number of Apps Installed
In the 3.0 software update , you can now install an unlimited number of application ( as long as the storage space allows you ) .
The number of applications pages has increased from nine to 11 and any apps installed above the 176 that could fit on these pages will not be visible ( no icons on pages ) .
However , these invisible apps can be accessed via Spotlight ( see above multiple ways to access Spotlight ) .
Is there anything missing from the 3.0 software update ?
Have a look at our iPhone 4.0 Wish List .
Follow Daniel on Twitter @danielionescu
The firm says its camera does not reveal " body detail " Staff at a business park in Oxfordshire claim they have been " spied on " by x-ray style scanning equipment which is designed for airport security checks .
They say it was " trained " for two weeks on a busy path at Milton Business Park , near Didcot .
MEPC , which owns the park , said it had not given the company behind the scanner , ThruVision , permission to set it up and had demanded its removal .
ThruVision , which rents offices on the site , has refused to comment .
The equipment was left on a grass verge next to a path which leads to a car park .
Puzzled staff who work at other firms on the site spotted the gadget , which looked like a suitcase sat on a tripod .
They examined the equipment which appeared to be connected by cables to a power source and noted the ThruVision label attached to its side .
After researching on the internet , IT worker David Poltney realised it was an x-ray scanner and alerted security .
The site owner said it had been notified of the equipment 's presence by a worker who complained on Monday and it was removed the same day .
MEPC said the scanner was switched on but was not carrying out any recording function .
' Look through my clothing '
However , Mr Poltney said the equipment had been trained on the path - which is a popular route for site workers - for about two weeks .
" If it is being tested and it has been deployed here on Milton Park , I think it is only fair we were given prior notice , " he said .
Mr Poltney said he was concerned that , according to information on the company 's website , the equipment was able to see through people 's clothes .
" What gives them the right to look through my clothing and see what 's in my pockets ? " he said .
ThruVision has previously said its scanner did not reveal " body detail " .
It said the technology was designed to be used in airports , railway stations or other public spaces to perform security checks .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I want to come home mummy :
Aged five , ' Jenny ' was torn from her parents by social workers after an RSPCA raid .
Now a court says she must be adopted ...
We reveal disturbing questions about the fate of this bewildered child who faces fears of abandonment for years to come but who just wants to come home to mummy and daddy
Much - loved : ' Jenny's ' parents are devoted to their daughter
The recording begins with the sound of a child 's voice .
It belongs to a little girl and she is clearly bewildered and distressed .
At one point she begins to cry .
At other times she is sobbing uncontrollably .
' Have you seen the judge yet ? ' she can be heard asking pitifully in between the tears before pleading : ' I want to go home with [ you ] Mummy and Daddy . '
The recording - and dozens of others just like it - was made during a supervised meeting between the youngster and her parents after their daughter was taken away from them by social workers .
They are known as ' contact visits ' in the soulless vernacular of the care system , and took place in a room with a table and chairs and a few toys .
One hour .
Once a month .
That 's the extent of the relationship now between this little seven - year - old girl and her traumatised parents .
There are some parents who do not deserve to see their children more than once a month .
Irresponsible parents .
Neglectful parents .
Abusive parents .
According to care workers , the mother and father of this little girl were found to fall into this category after their home was raided by the RSPCA and at least 18 police officers to deal with a complaint about supposed mistreatment of dogs .
But what if social workers have got it wrong ?
In the light of Baby P and so many other scandals , it 's hardly impossible is it ?
Certainly , the recordings stored on a computer at the family 's home on the South Coast seem to contradict the damaging claims by social services that the girl , whom we shall call Jenny - the girl 's real identity has been suppressed by the courts - did not wish to return to live with her parents .
Jenny 's father spent months taking down every word of the recordings by hand , only to be told by a judge that they had to be professionally transcribed .
By the time they were , it was too late .
Moves to put Jenny up for adoption were under way .
This week , after 74 separate court hearings over two harrowing years , the family finally lost their fight to have Jenny returned to them .
The Court of Appeal in London ruled that their daughter must be given up for adoption .
If and when she is , they may never see her again .
Jenny was five when she was taken away , and seven now .
Before we examine the peculiarly troubling details of this case , it is worth considering the comments of the family 's MP , Charles Hendry .
He says : ' This case has concerned me more than any other in my 13 years as a member of Parliament . '
And , he went on to describe Jenny 's mother and father as ' devoted parents ' .
Furthermore , one of the experts brought in to examine the child 's removal , a psychiatric social worker , concluded the local authority had ' mismanaged the case ' .
Needless to say , his advice was ignored .
They are not lone voices : more than 200 local people , including neighbours , friends and members of the couple 's church , planned to take part in a march through their village shortly after the family 's ordeal began in April 2007 .
Posters were printed , which read ' Social Services Have Kidnapped Our Daughter .
Please Help The Fight To Get Her Back Where She Belongs . '
Above the words was a picture of Jenny .
Of course , you wo n't have read about the protest , because it never took place .
The march was just about to begin when the police , acting on the advice of social services , stepped in .
' It 's hard to go into my girl 's room without crying '
They warned Jenny 's parents they risked being jailed , as they had broken the law by identifying their daughter on the placards .
Just another example of the terrifying lack of transparency that now surrounds the removal of children from their families .
Reforms to open up cases such as Jenny 's to public scrutiny were introduced earlier this year .
But the truth is , an almost Stalinist culture of secrecy still exists in family courts .
Jenny was never physically harmed , and was ' thriving and happy before being taken away ' , the Court of Appeal was told .
One of the reasons for the decision was that Jenny 's father had been unwilling to undergo a further assessment .
Would n't other parents in his position have done the same ?
After all , the case had already dragged on for two years and he believed yet another ' assessment ' would delay the tortuous process even more .
Yet , here we are today on the cusp of Jenny being spirited away from her family for ever .
No one suggests that Jenny 's parents - whom we 'll call Susan and Richard - are perfect .
But over the past few weeks , our reporters have come to know the family .
And one thing seems undeniable - their love for their daughter , and her love for them .
Jenny is a beautiful child with a mop of chestnut hair .
She loved ballet , swimming and Susan and Richard paid for her to have private tennis lessons .
Her bedroom - with her own ensuite bathroom - in the family 's home is almost unchanged from the day she last slept there .
Her favourite pink teddy bear is still sitting under the windowsill .
And a collection of her videos are on a shelf .
' She loved Grease and pretending to be Olivia Newton - John , ' her mother told me last night as her eyes filled up with tears .
' It 's hard to come into my daughter 's room without crying . '
Susan , in her 40s and involved in her local Conservative Association , used to be a beautician before becoming a fulltime mother - that was how important her child was to her .
Her husband Richard , 32 , runs a dog breeding business from their home .
They have been married for 13 years .
Favourite film : ' Jenny ' loved Grease and would pretend to be Olivia Newton - John
They were just a normal , happy family , it seems , until the RSPCA , backed up by 18 police officers , arrived at their house early one April morning in 2007 , following a tip - off that dogs were being mistreated , and that there might be guns in the house .
No guns were ever found .
No criminal charges were brought , nor does Richard have a criminal record .
He was later , however , convicted of docking the tails of his puppies .
But the raid was to have far more catastrophic consequences .
Both Richard and Susan were arrested for failing to cooperate with officers .
By the time they were released from custody later that day , Jenny was the subject of an emergency protection order .
So an operation which had begun for entirely different reasons had ended with the heartbreak of their daughter being taken away .
There were two reasons for what happened , and both have been bitterly contested by the family .
The first was the state of the house .
Police said it was covered in rabbit entrails - used as food for the dogs they raised - and animal excrement .
The couple claim most of the mess was caused during the raid .
They say , the doors were left open , allowing the dogs in .
Normally , they insisted , their home was ' clean and tidy ' .
Only a few weeks earlier a policewoman had visited them - after a puppy had been stolen - and backed up what they said .
She also said that Jenny was ' happy ' .
Their home , it should also be stressed , was always immaculate when we visited the couple .
Attention was drawn to the fact that there was a hole in a downstairs bedroom ceiling .
But the family point out that a pipe had recently leaked and could not be repaired until the beams had dried out .
It has now been fixed .
Nor , it was claimed by the authorities , were there any clothes for Jenny in her wardrobe .
Did the police look in the wrong wardrobe - the one in her parent 's bedroom ?
The wardrobe in Jenny 's own bedroom , her parents say , was full of her belongings .
' We always put Jenny first , ' said Susan .
' We have receipts from Monsoon [ the fashion store ] proving we spent hundreds of pounds on Jenny in the couple of months before she was taken from us .
If anything , we spoilt her . '
The second reason , according to social services , that Jenny was not returned to her parents , was that she had apparently made it clear she did n't want to return to the house .
But why would she ?
Jenny was later diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder ( PTSD ) following the raid .
' They were raided like criminals , it is disgusting '
In fact , it would be impossible to imagine a more traumatic situation than the ' chaotic scenes ' which unfolded at the house that morning and which culminated in her mother and father being led away in handcuffs .
In other words , not wanting to return home did n't necessarily mean she did n't want to be with her parents .
Those tapes made during ' contact meetings ' in which she tearfully begs to be returned to her ' Mummy and Daddy ' would seem to confirm this .
' She was hysterical when the police came in , ' says Susan .
' It 's the damage they have done to our little girl which really concerns us .
I fear she will never be the same . '
There is also another sad twist to this troubling story .
Susan and Richard did n't just lose Jenny that day .
Susan was three months pregnant with twins .
She says she was in a police cell when she began to miscarry .
' I started bleeding heavily and knew that could only mean one thing , ' she said .
' I was taken to hospital where doctors confirmed my worst fears . '
Even so , she was taken back to the police station later , where she says she suffered another haemorrhage .
' I rang the buzzer and they brought me sanitary towels .
Later , I was allowed home . '
But another nightmare was just unfolding .
Susan was charged with neglecting Jenny - on the strength , she says , of the conditions in the house .
Three months later , all the charges were dropped .
Many would also argue that this is when the social services case against the couple should also have been dropped .
But , like other families who have been through a similar experience , once they were in the ' system ' they found it impossible to get out .
It is a view supported by their MP .
' I was very concerned about the case from the outset , ' says Mr Hendry .
' Every time I have attempted to discuss it with the director of children 's services for the county council , I have been told they cannot discuss it because of the legal proceedings .
' What it has brought home to me is how difficult it is for parents to get back a child once a decision has been made to take the child away .
' It is clear to me they are devoted parents whose only goal is get their child returned .
I have never seen the evidence to justify taking their daughter away from them . '
In fact , the ' evidence ' is based on the testimony of two independent experts .
Two others gave the couple positive assessments .
But let 's deal with the critical reports .
One ' expert ' suggested , after spending just one hour with Jenny , that she had been sexually abused by her father .
And the proof ?
He came to this conclusion , it seems , after Jenny had described choking on a lollipop which , so the expert said , could ' signify the child being forced to have oral sex with her father ' .
There was indeed an incident , says her mother , in which Jenny got a lolly ( a sugar - free one from the health shop , incidentally ) stuck in her throat when she was playing .
Support : MP Charles
Hendry said the case has concerned him more than any other in 13 years as a member of Parliament
' She started coughing , ' says Susan .
I thought : " Oh my God , she is choking . "
I patted her on the back and she was OK . '
The second expert concluded that Susan and Richard were suffering from ' paranoid personality disorders ' .
On one occasion , the police were called when Richard began taking photographs of the social services centre where a ' contact meeting ' with Jenny was taking place .
Why ?
Because the grounds of the building were littered with syringes and mounds of rubbish - not a fit place , he claimed , for them to meet their bewildered child .
' The social workers did n't want to challenge these experts , at all , ' says Richard .
' I would say to them : " Where is the evidence for this allegation or that allegation ? "
Or " produce a witness " .
' They felt we were being obstructive to the local authority 's care plan .
But what we supposed to do ?
Just give up .
We would never do that .'
The allegations about the sexual abuse and the paranoia were dismissed by other experts , including Dr Peter Dale , a psychiatric social worker , who concluded the local authority had ' mismanaged the case ' .
They made , he said , fixed assumptions about the parents at the outset , and had not done the necessary investigations to check whether those assumptions were correct .
Dr Dale said : ' Jenny had suffered significant harm as a result of being removed from her parents , and was likely to suffer fears of abandonment by them for some time to come and would be particularly at risk during adolescence .
' She needed urgent therapeutic input to help her make sense of what had happened to her . '
He continued : ' Plans for reunification [ with her parents ] should be established on a very urgent basis . '
Instead , Jenny is being put up for adoption .
If Susan and Richard refuse to accept the decision , they could be prevented from ever seeing their daughter again .
It is an outcome which their neighbours and friends can barely contemplate .
One couple are among dozens of people who have supported the couple in their desperate fight to get their only daughter back .
The pair , who have both worked in social services , say they are ' disgusted ' with the way the case has been handled , and yesterday insisted the parents were ' the best mother and father a child could wish for ' .
The 44 - year - old woman , says : ' I worked with children in social services for 25 years and I have never seen anything like this .
' We have been friends with the family for about five years and the only criticism I could ever make of them is that they love their little girl too much .
They spoil her rotten .
' She has spent a lot of time in our home playing with our daughter , who is a bit older , and our daughter was always over at their home .
' She is a bright , funny , intelligent child .
She is always happy and giggling .
Every time we saw her she was immaculately dressed , often showing off a new frock or jewellery .
' The way they were raided like criminals and their child snatched from their arms is disgusting .
' There are so many children out there who do need to be monitored by social services , as demonstrated by Baby P .
This little girl is not one of them . '
Last night , Jenny 's mother , tears rolling down her cheeks , described the impact on the family .
' I go to bed thinking about Jenny and I wake up thinking about Jenny , ' she said .
' There 's hardly a moment in the day when we are not thinking about her .
It 's torture .
' To think that our beautiful daughter is probably going to be advertised on a social services website is unbearably painful . '
No one - particularly a newspaper - has a copyright on wisdom in tragic cases such as this .
But surely - in the name of justice - there are too many questions raised by the couple 's MP , neighbours and independent experts , for anyone to be certain that it 's right for Jenny to be torn away from her biological family .
Aleynikov , 39 , started at Teza on July 2 , the day before he was arrested , the firm said in an e-mailed statement today .
Teza , co-founded by Misha Malyshev , a former trader at hedge fund Citadel Investment Group LLC , said it first learned of the allegations on July 5 and suspended Aleynikov without pay following an investigation .
The firm “ was not aware of the alleged misconduct ” and offered to cooperate with the government , according to the statement .
James Margolin , a spokesman for the FBI ’s New York Office , said the investigation is continuing .
Just when one thought it is possible to have a big scandal erupt , in which Chicago is named and not have Ken Griffin involved , the Citadel trail emerges .
Contrary to previous rumors that Getco may have been the unfortunate firm to land Bond , Serge Bond , Misha Malyshev 's new outfit , Teza Technologies , emerges with a bang .
Teza , run by Misha , whom Zero Hedge has discussed previously , former Head of High - Frequency Trading at Citadel , together with another former teammate and recent Princeton grad ( resume recently pulled from the interwebs ) , Jace Kohlmeier , announced that it had suspended Sergey without pay after learning of the allegations .
From Bloomberg
One wonders if the arrest of Sergey one day after his formal start at Teza was strangely coincident .
It is easy to imagine that 85 Broad would like as little hi- fi competition in any way , shape or form , and Misha , whose group at Citadel was the only profitable one last year , would have likely presented just such a " challenge . "
Arguably Goldman was just waiting for the Teza confirmation before throwing a 10,000 page injunction against Teza to prevent the current group from ever trading 1 share of high - frequency traded SPY in their combined lifetimes , based on possible information that Sergey may have " leaked " to Misha and Jace .
And another one bites the dust .
Sphere : Related Content
Over at the Master Resource Blog , law professor Gail Heriot points out the similarities between global warming , fear - monger Al Gore and Xhosa Prophetess Nongqawuse :
Nongqawuse was a teenager and a member of the Xhosa tribe in South Africa .
One day in April or May of 1856 , she went down to the river to fetch water .
When she returned , she said that she had encountered the spirits of three of her ancestors who told her that her people must destroy their crops and kill their cattle .
In return , the sun would rise red on February 18 , 1857 , and the Xhosa ancestors would sweep the British settlers from the land and bring them fresh , healthier cattle .
( Some of the Xhosa cattle had been suffering from a lung ailment , which may or may not have been brought by the British settlers ’ cattle . )
Astonishingly , the Xhosa chieftain , Sarhili , agreed to do exactly as this young girl urged .
Over the next year , a frenzy occurred in which it is estimated that between 300,000 and 400,000 cattle were killed and crops destroyed .
Historians sometimes call it the “ Great Cattle Killing . ”
But on February 18 , 1857 , the sun rose as usual .
It was not red .
And the Xhosa ancestors did not show .
But the Xhosa people had destroyed their livelihood .
In the resulting famine , the population of the area dropped from 105,000 to less than 27,000 .
Cannibalism was reported .
Following Nongqawuse ’s advice was a calamity of staggering proportions for the Xhosa people .
Like Nongqawuse , Gore tells us that the sun will soon rise red over the land .
Well , maybe .
But already the models that he relies on have been proven wrong .
The intense period of warming that these models predicted over the past ten years never came to pass .
Yet we are repeatedly told that it ’s still coming and that it ’s just a little late .
Apparently , we should pay no attention to the fact that the polar ice is expanding again .
Instead , we must put the brakes on our use of energy –the very thing that makes the modern world possible –to avoid antagonizing the spirits of our ancestors , I mean to avoid climate disaster .
Since last summer 's announcement that Apple would be shifting its entire computer product line to Intel processors , PC enthusiasts have been trying to answer two questions .
Would we be able to run Windows natively on Macintel hardware , and would we be able to run Mac OS X on commodity PC hardware ?
So far , the answer to the first question has been negative , with little or no prospect for success until Vista ships later this year .
The second question is a different matter .
Apple does n't want Mac OS X running on anything other than Apple hardware , and as a result , has slapped the OSx86 Project with a DMCA violation notice .
After Pentium 4 developer systems and Intel - native builds of Mac OS X were shipped out , copies of the x86 - native Mac OS X began showing up in the usual places .
Naturally , people started trying to get it running on commodity x86 hardware , and with some success .
They needed somewhere to collaborate as well , so the OSx86 Project was born .
Several months prior to the shipment of the iMac Core Duo , enthusiasts were able to get Mac OS X 10.4.3 running on PCs .
Once the iMacs began shipping with 10.4.4 installed , hackers were having a much more difficult time getting OS X to run on non-Apple Intel and even AMD hardware .
( One Russian site claims to have a workaround for 10.4.4 ) .
The EULA for Mac OS X states explicitly that the OS is only licensed to run on Apple hardware .
Apple may have been content to more or less ignore the OSx86 Project in the months after the transition began ; now that there are Intel - based Macs available , Apple wants to be sure that its high - margin hardware sales are not eroded by people running its OS on Dells , HPs , and home - built systems .
As the OSx86 Project forums were arguably the best resource for figuring out how to do exactly that , it makes sense that Apple would bust out the lawyering stick on them .
For the time being , visitors to the forums are greeted with a message that they are closed while the OSx86 Project " evaluates its contents to remove any violations present . "
The problem for Apple is that the hacking community will continue to function , likely on servers out of the reach of Apple 's lawyers and the DMCA .
Apple will continue its efforts to lock down Mac OS X so that it runs only on Macs , whether with the Trusted Platform Module , or by other means including some poetry embedded deep within the OS and decrypted via the TPM .
Your karma check for today :
There once was a user that whined
his existing OS was so blind ,
he ’d do better to pirate
an OS that ran great
but found his hardware declined .
Please do n’t steal Mac OS !
Really , that ’s way uncool .
( C) Apple Computer , Inc .
Unlike Lexmark and TracFone , Apple may be using the DMCA appropriately in this instance .
In order to get Mac OS X running on non-Apple system , it is necessary to circumvent Apple 's technological protections along with the EULA included with Mac OS X .
As nice as it would be to buy a cheap Dell or build yourself a sweet dual - core Athlon system and dual - boot into Windows and Mac OS X , Apple does n't want that to become commonplace .
Ultimately , hacking will happen , and Apple realizes it .
What the Mac maker will do is make it as much of a hassle as possible to ensure that only the truly hardcore hackers do it .
