Also !
In doing this I noticed there were transcriptions missing , which led me to discover I 'd messed up the ONR code on this site for like a month !
So that 's fixed now , although this little bit of added data wo n't really make that much of a difference for puzzle solving .
Finally , a lot of the entries I 've seen are getting closer !
People have hit on some key phrases that are in the solution , though of course with anagrams it 's impossible to tell whether you 're close or not .
So here 's one more hint : there 's only one sentence in the solution , so the two exclamation marks appear right after each other .
And do n't forget the clues I gave earlier !
One year ago today : this comic establishes in continuity that t-rex refers to his fingers as " pinkie " and " thumb " .
so um , neither name makes a lick of sense
– Ryan
Over the past two years , Carl and I have been working on - again off - again on the problem of dependency resolution .
Fabien Franzen implemented the first partial solution for Merb , with thor merb : gem:install .
When we started working on Rails , we knew we wanted to finally crack the nut , making it possible for Rails itself to have some of its own dependencies , and solving some persistent , long - term problems with gem plugins .
Earlier this year , we released bundler , our first real attempt to solve this problem .
Among other things , it shipped with the first true dependency resolver for Rubygems .
It also modeled the entire dependency process on top of Rubygems , allowing us to support git repositories in the same dependency resolution process as Rubygems themselves .
Over the next few months , we refined the bundler quite a bit .
We 're proud of the fact that individuals , web shops , and deployment companies have adopted bundler , and Gemfile has become a standard way of expressing gem dependencies for an app .
During this time , we 've also received quite a bit of feedback .
As we approach the release of Bundler 1.0 , which we hope to ship along with Rails 3.0 final , we took the opportunity to take a look at all the feedback people have sent so far .
Having done so , we 're proud to announce Bundler 0.9 with radically improved workflows that fit our needs and the needs of those who have contributed feedback and patches .
The Cache
Before Bundler 0.9 , Bundler installed gems and git repositories to a local application cache .
When we looked at the deployment workflow , we found that while people liked the ability to cache their .gem files in their application , they had a lot of trouble at deployment time .
Essentially , people ( and we ! ) wanted the ability to expand the gems to a central cache that they could reuse across deployments .
People tried various symlinking approaches , but it became clear to us Bundler 1.0 needed to support this workflow natively .
On a related note , people who developed a number of applications on a single machine wanted to be able to reuse a single system cache across their application , and not need to connect to remotes so often when they already had all the gems they needed on their systems .
Finally , Rails itself grated against the default Bundler workflow .
Most people installing a new Rails app run gem install rails , then rails my_app , and then want to go into their application and start working .
But with Bundler 0.5 to 0.8 , they needed to hit the remotes again even though , by definition , the system gem cache already had all the gems they needed .
Runtime
The fully - packaged application works fantastically for deployment , enabling a repeatable , reliable development to staging to production workflow .
However , the need to explicitly bundle the application after added a new dependency in the very early stages of an application 's life cycle feels more like a compile step than a lean mean agile machine .
In Bundler 0.9 , we 're adding the ability to run your application against gems already on your system , with the same reliability that you 've grown to love from our dependency resolver .
Once you 've gotten your application working , you can lock down the dependencies , so coworkers or production will use exactly the same environment that worked for you .
This allows you to use your common system gem repository across multiple apps , with a fully resolved virtual environment for each application based on the app's dependencies specified in the Gemfile .
Locking
A lot of people ( including me ) love the idea of storing the .gem files in the application to create a single deployable unit with no network dependencies .
Storing the .gem files in the repository also provides a record of the fully resolved dependencies for your application , so that a new released gem between testing and deployment cannot change the environment .
In Bundler 0.9 , we provide a mechanism for you to save that record without having to also store the .gem files .
This wo n't give you a single , dependency - less deployment package , but it will save you from unexpected environment changes .
New Commands
When we started Bundler , we had just one command : gem bundle .
Over the following months , the command took on a life of its own , with a slew of flags representing both options and verbs .
Bundler 1.0 will have a small , streamlined list of commands , each with its own set of flags :
bundle pack
Take all .gem files needed for the application and place them into the local application .
By default , bundler places them in vendor / gems .
bundle lock
Resolve all dependencies in the Gemfile , and store a record of that process .
In the future , use that record , preventing any changes in the environment or in the remote sources from changing the gems used by the application .
bundle install
Install the bundle specified by the Gemfile to the cache .
By default , Bundler installs the gems ( and git repositories ) into system gems .
You can override this to install into another location , or into your local application , just like in Bundler 0.8 and before .
After cloning a new repository for the first time , you will probably want to run this command .
If you pack ed gems , Bundler will use the gems from your application .
If you pack ed and lock ed gems , Bundler will install the gems immediately without updating the remote sources .
bundle check
Check to see whether your cache has all the required dependencies .
If it does not , Bundler will print out the list of missing gems .
bundle exec ...
Run the specified command using the local environment .
For instance , if you have Rails 2.3 and 3.0 installed , if you run bundle exec rails .
in a Rails 2.3 application , Bundler will run the rails command using Rails 2.3 ( and other gems in the current environment ) .
Environments
In Bundler 0.9 , as in Bundler 0.8 and before , the Gemfile specifies an app- specific environment .
New in Bundler 0.9 , you may store the .gem files and unpacked gems in a central location , as well as in the application itself .
Because Bundler ships with a dependency resolver , you do not need to specify named environments and switch between them .
Instead , the environments are virtual , based on the gems you specify as application dependencies in the Gemfile , and you still get all the benefits of a shared , system - wide cache .
Erdbeben in Chile Zerstörung , Chaos , Angst
Ein enorm schweres Erdbeben der Stärke 8,8 hat die Westküste Südamerikas heimgesucht .
In Chiles Hauptstadt Santiago wankten die Häuser , der Strom fiel aus , mindestens 47 Menschen wurden getötet .
Auf dem Pazifik bildete sich ein Tsunami .
Noch ist unklar , wie gefährlich er ist .
( CNN ) --
An abstinence - only education program is more effective than other initiatives at keeping sixth - and seventh - graders from having sex within a two - year period , according to a study described by some as a landmark .
The study , published in the current issue of the Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine , indicated that about one - third of the preteens and their young teen classmates who received an eight - hour abstinence lesson had sexual intercourse within two years of the class .
By comparison , more than half of the students who were taught about safe sex and condom use reported having intercourse by the two - year mark , and more than 40 percent of students who received either an eight - or 12 - hour lesson incorporating both abstinence education and safe sex reported having sex at two years .
Among students who received instruction on overall good health , but not having to do with sex directly , nearly 47 percent had sexual activity in the two years after the class .
" This new study is game - changing , " the nonpartisan National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy said in a statement .
" For the first time , there is strong evidence that an abstinence - only intervention can help very young teens delay sex and reduce their recent sexual activity as well . "
The study is " quality research " and " good science , " said James Wagoner , president of Advocates for Youth .
According to its
Web site , the Washington - based organization promotes " a more positive and realistic approach to adolescent sexual health " in helping youths make informed and responsible decisions about sex and reproduction .
The federal government has invested heavily in abstinence - only education in recent years .
Abstinence education funding , established in the 1996 overhaul of welfare , did not allow talk of any forms of birth control other than to explain their limitations .
Critics of such abstinence - only programs said their shortcomings led to a lack of knowledge of contraception among youths who choose to be sexually active .
President Obama cut funding for abstinence - only education in his 2010 budget .
The study did not impart any moral aspects to delaying the onset of intercourse , such as portraying sex in a negative light , Wagoner said .
Nor did the abstinence lesson ask students to delay intercourse until marriage -- only until they are ready .
Instead , the scientists said , they were interested in finding the effectiveness of various programs because adolescents who initiate intercourse at younger ages have a greater risk of sexually transmitted infections and pregnancy and report more sexually risky behavior , including multiple partners .
The study looked at 662 African - American sixth - and seventh - graders recruited from four public middle schools that serve low - income communities in an unidentified city in the northeastern United States .
The adolescents were recruited between September 2001 and March 2002 .
The participants ' average age was 12.2 years , and 53.5 percent were girls .
Although all young people are at risk of contracting the human immunodeficiency virus and other sexually transmitted infections and having unintended pregnancies , the study says the danger is greatest among African - Americans .
" In 2005 , " the authors said , " 17 percent of adolescents in the United States were African - American but 69 percent of adolescents with HIV / AIDS were African - American .
Rates of STI are the highest among African - American individuals and adolescents , particularly adolescent girls .
Pregnancy rates have been higher among African - American adolescents than among their Hispanic and white counterparts . "
The study 's authors -- John B. Jemmott III , Loretta S. Jemmott and Geoffrey T. Fong -- cautioned that abstinence programs are not an effective long - term solution .
" A common shortcoming of behavior - change interventions is that efficacy is demonstrated in the short term but disappears at longer - term follow - up , " the report said .
" This may particularly be a problem for abstinence interventions .
Unlike many risk behaviors ( e.g. , cigarette smoking , drug use ) , sexual intercourse is an age - graded behavior ; the expectation is that people will eventually have sexual intercourse . "
The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy echoed that sentiment .
" It is unreasonable to expect any single intervention , curriculum or program to solve the teen pregnancy problem , " the nonprofit organization said .
" True and lasting progress requires not only good programs in schools and communities , but also supportive norms and values , informed and active parents , good health services , a positive media culture and more . "
Wagoner , president of Advocates for Youth , said that in his opinion , the abstinence program does not go far enough toward helping youths who are sexually active make informed choices about contraception .
He would like to see federal funding for programs aimed at abstinence and safe sex .
" If you 've got 24 percent of your class that 's sexually active , what about them ? "
Wagoner asked .
In addition , he said , " OK , you 're 12 .
You 've abstained until 14 .
What about the next five years ? "
We 've just gotten the inside line on the next Droid update that 's making the rounds through Verizon 's testing department from one of our trusted sources , and overall , it looks like this should take users 95 percent of the way to curing pangs of Nexus One envy .
Here 's what we 've got :
It 's based on Android 2.1 .
The build currently being circulated is identified as 2.1 version 1 , mirroring the update just pushed to the Nexus One last week .
Google Goggles is now pre-installed ( no matter how unhelpful it may be ) .
The browser 's now multitouch enabled , just like Google Maps 3.4 .
Huzzah !
No Flash , but then again , we were n't really expecting that .
Interestingly , the home screen 's still got the same look as 2.0.1 , meaning it does n't adopt the Nexus One 's rotating 3D grid of app icons -- it 's still got the pull - up drawer tab at the bottom .
No active wallpapers .
Bummer !
The news and weather widgets introduced on the Nexus One are included .
Maybe certain capabilities of 2.1 are going to be restricted to devices with minimum performance benchmarks ?
There 's no word on timing , and for all our source knows , this build could still very well fail testing -- goodness knows it 's happened with plenty of pre-production firmwares in Verizon 's past .
We 'll keep our ear to the ground and you do the same .
SANTA MONICA , Calif. , March 20 ( UPI ) -- A Santa Monica , Calif. , sushi restaurant says it is closing its doors voluntarily after serving endangered whale meat .
But The Hump restaurant at the Santa Monica Airport also faces federal charges , The Los Angeles Times reported .
Advertisement
On its Web site , the restaurant said , " The Hump hopes that by closing its doors , it will help bring awareness to the detrimental effect that illegal whaling has on the preservation of our ocean ecosystems and species . "
The newspaper report said the restaurant took responsibility once charges were lodged , the charges themselves came only after an undercover sting operation by animal activists and the associate producer of the Oscar - winning documentary , " The Cove . "
The $ 600 " chef 's choice " included eight pieces of whale , the activists said .
The Times said the activists bagged the meat and sent it off to the Marine Mammal Institute , where it was found to be the endangered Sei whale .
The Times said U.S. prosecutors last week charged the owner and chef of the restaurant with the illegal sale of whale meat , a violation of the Marine Mammal Protection
Act that carries a maximum one year in prison and a maximum fine of $ 200,000 .
Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar today announced that the Department 's Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) has approved , with conditions , Shell Gulf of Mexico , Inc. 's Exploration Plan to drill three exploratory , information - gathering wells in the Chukchi Sea .
" A key component of reducing our country 's dependence on foreign oil is the environmentally - responsible exploration and development of America 's renewable and conventional resources , " said Salazar .
" By approving this Exploration Plan , we are taking a cautious but deliberate step toward developing additional information on the Chukchi Sea . "
In 2008 , Shell 's subsidiary paid $ 2.1 billion for leases during Chukchi Sea Oil and Gas Lease Sale 193 .
The 2008 sale was included in the previous Administration 's 2007 - 2012 Five - Year Oil and Gas Leasing Program to cover leasing for oil and gas in the Outer Continental Shelf for that five - year period .
The Exploration Plan now approved allows
Shell to drill up to three exploration wells during the July - October open water drilling season .
Shell proposes activities using one drill ship , one ice management vessel , an ice class anchor handling vessel , and oil spill response vessels .
The closest proposed drill site is more than 60 miles to shore and approximately 80 miles from Wainwright , Alaska .
" Our approval of Shell 's plan is conditioned on close monitoring of Shell 's activities to ensure that they are conducted in a safe and environmentally responsible manner , " added Salazar .
" These wells will allow the Department to develop additional information and to evaluate the feasibility of future development in the Chukchi Sea .
The 2007 - 2012 OCS plan is currently undergoing review in response to a U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit order which required additional environmental analysis .
The Secretary 's decision on the remaining plan is forthcoming .
While many congressional Republicans lined up yesterday to call the year - old economic stimulus a failure , two GOP lawmakers who supported the $ 862 billion package sang its praises -- not in Washington , but in their home state of Maine .
Sens. Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins , both Maine Republicans , issued a joint statement touting the Transportation Department 's decision to award $ 14 million in stimulus funds to the state 's ports , according to the Bangor Daily News .
" Given that our great nation is recovering from the deepest recession since World War II , this funding is a step forward that will assist in the expansion and rehabilitation of these vital ports , " the statement said , according to the newspaper .
The story -- headlined " Stimulus dollars headed to Eastport , Searsport " -- can be found here .
The pair of Maine moderates are the only Republicans in the Senate who supported the stimulus package .
( Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania was a Republican when he voted for the stimulus last year but has since switched to the Democratic Party . )
Unlike many of their GOP colleagues , Snowe and Collins did n't make any comments yesterday about how they think the stimulus package is working overall .
Spokesmen for Snowe and Collins did n't return phone messages seeking comment yesterday .
Snowe spokesman John Gentzel and Jeannine Guttman , a spokeswoman for Collins on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee , told On Politics this morning that they would seek comments from their bosses on the stimulus ' effects .
We 'll get back to you if they do .
Updated at 1:12 p.m. EST .
Collins says in an e-mailed statement to On Politics that she believes the stimulus has helped create and save jobs , including in Maine .
" Although far from perfect , the Recovery Act has provided tax relief , helped to create and save jobs , and responded to our nation 's dire economic crisis , " Collins says .
Her full statement :
The Recovery Act was a compromise that has provided tax relief for low - and middle - income families and for small businesses , robust infrastructure spending , and significant funding for state education and health care programs .
Although far from perfect , the Recovery Act has provided tax relief , helped to create and save jobs , and responded to our nation 's dire economic crisis — the worst since the Great Depression .
Many states , like my home state of Maine , have been severely hit by what some economists are calling the Great Recession and thus were significantly helped by the stimulus program .
Going forward , I remain concerned about the transparency of the stimulus program , which the Administration promised would be wholly accountable to the American taxpayer .
The Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board , charged with coordinating and conducting oversight to prevent fraud , waste , and abuse , has had a mixed record of success .
As we go into the second year of the stimulus initiative , that must be rectified .
The Board 's administration of the Recovery.gov website , a critical means of providing public transparency , has been hamstrung by the Administration 's inability to set effective reporting standards from the start .
That has made it difficult to track accurately the number of jobs the Recovery Act has created or saved .
I have pressed and will continue to pressure the Administration to get it right , to provide an accurate record of jobs created or saved by the stimulus .
Still waiting on Snowe .
( Reported by Matt Kelley )
Pro-Communist supporters walk to visit the Mausoleum of the Soviet founder Vladimir Lenin to mark the 137th anniversary of his birth , at the Red Square in Moscow on April 22 , 2007 .
( UPI Photo / Anatoli Zhdanov )
With 184 socialist communes in construction in Venezuela , yesterday , during his weekly TV show Alo Presidente , president Hugo Chavez emphasised the need for “ production independent of the capitalist market ” in these communes and in general , and also directed Caracas mayor Jorge Rodriguez to expropriate buildings in plaza Bolivar in order to rescue the city ’s history .
Source : Venezuela Analysis
With 184 socialist communes in construction in Venezuela , yesterday , during his weekly TV show Alo Presidente , president Hugo Chavez emphasised the need for “ production independent of the capitalist market ” in these communes and in general , and also directed Caracas mayor Jorge Rodriguez to expropriate buildings in plaza Bolivar in order to rescue the city ’s history .
Chavez highlighted the importance of the communal councils , neighbourhood based organisations of up to 400 families which aim to solve local problems and develop and implement local projects , saying they are the nucleus of the current “ change process ” in the country and are where “ socialism will be constructed ” .
A spokesperson for the Communal Council Colinas de la Dignidad ( hills of dignity ) , Morelbis Aguiar , explained that a commune , which is made up of several communal councils , is local , community self - government , “ where we , the people , we are the ones who decide what our community wants and what the improvements are that we want to work on in our area . ”
“ It ’s not the state that comes and decides ; its us who decides which street we need , where to locate the university or high school …
We decide what we ’re going to do with the financing and resources that the revolutionary government gives us , ” Aguiar continued .
The minister for communes , Erika Farias , said there are 184 communes in construction , 93 in rural areas , 65 in urban areas , and 26 mixed .
According to the minister , the communes together have so far carried out 706 projects , involving an investment of over BsF 100 million ( US$ 23 million ) .
During the television program , Chavez visited the commune Paraiso del Tuy via satellite link .
Richardo Sanches , the minister for communes in Miranda , where the commune is located , explained that 32 communal councils had “ united their efforts ” to construct the commune , whose main projects are “ social - productive ” .
The commune has 62 “ productive gardens ” that grow their own vegetables and medicinal plants as a method of self - supply .
Members of the commune told ABN press , “ The communes are n’t something you decree , they are born out of the needs of the people and the communal councils . ”
The commune incorporates 5,900 families .
In order to counteract the rise in prices in the capitalist market , Chavez encouraged communes to create new systems of distribution and consumption .
He gave the example of the Socialist Arepa shop in Caracas that sells the popular Venezuelan food at about half of the normal price , and makes the arepas from corn meal that was precooked in “ socialist centres ” , and purchased at a non-profit price .
The National Assembly is currently working on the Law of Popular Power , which will give more strength to the councils .
Dario Vivas , first vice - president of the National Assembly , explained that the law aims to outline the communes and the various other aspects of revolutionary social organisation .
Currently , while there is a law of communal councils , there is no law that governs , defines or gives legal recognition to the communes .
“ The topic of the communes is very important because we are already constructing popular power , and we ’ll make the law that defines the communes from this experience , ” Vivas said .
“ While the communes keep growing , more ways of relating to each other and of producing as brothers , without exploiting each other , are unlocked , ” Chavez said .
Rescuing the historic city centre
During the program Chavez also directed the mayor of the municipality of Libertador in Caracas , Jorge Rodriguez , to expropriate buildings around the main plaza , Plaza Bolivar , among them a range of jewellery businesses , in order to help with the transformation of the area into a historic centre .
“ It ’s not right that these buildings , with so much history , with so much legacy of our leaders , are used by businesses .
They belong to all Venezuelans , it ’s a historic area that we should rescue , ” he said .
Government and Policy
China denies dams worsen drought in Mekong basin ( Xinhua )
Updated : 2010-03-31 00:49
KUNMING - Water resources authorities in southwest China Tuesday denied reports that China 's dams on the Lancang River have exacerbated the drought in the Mekong River basin .
Some conservationists in the lower - reach countries in Southeast Asia had accused China of failing to release enough water in the dams , worsening drought with low river water levels downstream .
The Lancang River flows through Yunnan province into southeast Asia where it is called the Mekong River .
It is 4,880 km long and the whole basin covers an area of 811,000 square km .
Chen Hui , deputy chief engineer of the Lancang River Maritime Bureau , said the falling levels in the Mekong River in Southeast Asia were mainly the result of sharp declines in rainfall in the river 's upper reaches .
Regions in Yunnan had received 20 percent to 98 percent less rain than normal from September to March , which was why no major floods occurred in the Lancang River in 2009 , said Chen .
Zhang Jun , an official at Yunnan Huaneng Lancang River Hydropower
Co , developer of the power stations on the river , said the river section in China accounted for 23.5 percent of its total area and the water flow accounted for a much smaller 13.5 percent .
Some dams even helped to manage water flow by storing water in the rainy season and releasing water in the dry season , Zhang said .
He said China did not divert river water and the four dams would not affect the total amount of water flow in the river as most hydropower stations had no reservoirs .
The amount of water flowing into and out of the hydropower stations was basically the same , Zhang said .
Data showed the water levels were lower than at the end of the last flood season , showing China had released water to ease drought , Zhang said .
The water level in the Xiaowan hydropower station , the only one with a reservoir , had fallen by 7.12 meters from the pre-dry - season level with the release of 560 million cubic meters of water to the lower reaches , he said .
This could only help adjust river water flows in border areas because the Chinese section accounted for only a small amount of water flow on the whole Mekong River , Zhang stated .
Shipping on the Lancang River had been halted because of the severe drought , said Chen Mingda , head of the maritime bureau in Xishuangbanna Dai Autonomous Prefecture , through which the Lancang River flows .
The river tributaries in the upper reaches had also suffered from the drought , Chen said .
The worst drought in a century in southwest China has affected 61.3 million people and 5 million hectares of crops in Guizhou , Yunnan , Sichuan , Chongqing , and Guangxi , the Ministry of Civil Affairs said last week .
The dry weather has also left 18 million people and 11.7 million head of livestock thirsty for water and caused direct economic losses of 23.7 billion yuan ( $ 3.5 billion ) .
Dry weather has affected more than 80 percent of all cultivation areas in Yunnan , where flowers , rapeseed , sugar cane , tobacco and tea are grown .
Its direct agricultural economic losses are estimated at 17 billion yuan .
In addition , 8.2 million people in Yunnan are short of food .
Thailand , Laos , Vietnam and Cambodia in Southeast Asia have also been hit by drought , with sharp falls in Mekong river water levels affecting agricultural and fishing industries .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang Tuesday said China had close contacts and cooperation with Mekong River countries on water resources utilization and provided them with hydrological data from the upper reaches regularly .
Qin said Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Song Tao would participate in the first Mekong River Commission Summit in Thailand early next month .
" The countries along the Mekong River are China 's good neighbors , and we attach importance to developing relations with them , " he said .
Bouchard happy to move on : ' I 'm proud of taking advantage of the opportunities '
Genie Bouchard commented on her run this fall on clay – where there was no guarantee that she was even going to get into the main draws .
“ I ’m proud of taking advantage of the opportunities , with my ranking I was very limited in what I could play ”
Reform of the US healthcare system is a priority issue for President Barack Obama but lawmakers in Congress found it difficult to agree on a bill to implement reform .
The House of Representatives passed its bill on 7 November , while the Senate passed its version on 24 December .
The substantial differences between the two bills must now be squared or " reconciled " into an agreed version before President Obama can sign the legislation into law .
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES SENATE
Date passed 7 November 24 December Cost $ 1,052bn over 10 years $ 871 bn over 10 years
Reduce deficit By $ 138bn between 2010 - 2019 By $ 132bn between 2010-2019
Public option - gov't scheme to compete with private insurers Yes No
Insurance exchange - to compare policies and prices National insurance exchange
No national insurance exchange , states can form regional exchanges
Expand insurance - to increase number of Americans insured 36 million gain coverage ( leaving 18 million uninsured ) 31 million gain coverage ( leaving 23 million uninsured )
Individual mandate - Must people have insurance ?
Yes ( 2.5 % tax penalty if do n't obtain health care ) Yes , $ 95 per person penalty in 2014 , rising to 2 % of households income in 2016 +
Abortion Health care plans could choose whether to cover abortion .
But public plan would not provide abortion coverage Limits on use of public money for abortion services
Firms required to provide coverage ?
Yes .
For companies with annual payroll of $ 500,000 +
No explicit requirement but tax credits for offering a scheme
Taxes , spending cuts - how system will be paid for 5.4 % surtax on people earning $ 500,000 + annually ; 2.5 % tax on medical devices
cut $ 404 out of projected growth of Medicare and other federal programmes 0.9 % increase on Medicare payroll tax for people earning over $ 200,000
10 % on indoor tanning beds ; taxes on medical devices
cut $ 483bn out of Medicare and other federal programmes
Medicaid & Medicare Covers everyone with incomes less than 150 % of the poverty level ( ie $ 33,075 for a family of four )
Covers everyone with incomes less than 133 % of poverty level ( ie $ 29,327 for a family of four )
Guaranteeing access to health insurance Premiums for older people cannot be more than twice those for younger people .
Companies stripped of anti-trust exemption that has protected firms from federal investigations .
Price - fixing outlawed .
Premiums for older people cannot be more than three times those for younger people .
Insurers competing in new exchanges must justify increases .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Added items submitted to the Contribute ! site by members of the community
Submit your own creations !
http://www.teamfortress.com/contribute/
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The major changes include :
Pakistan would launched toward India six rockets last night , they are fallen without provoking damages .
Indian television refers , according to which rockets have been launched along border of Punjab State and are landed without exploding in a police ’s outpost on indian border ( Bsf ) in Kangarh .
The News :
http://www.corriere. … /1-A_000073912.shtml
Haiti and America 's Historic Debt Announcing emergency help for Haiti after a devastating 7.0 - magnitude earthquake , President Barack Obama noted America ’s historic ties to the impoverished Caribbean nation , but few Americans understand how important Haiti ’s contribution to U.S. history was .
Email
Printer friendly
In modern times , when Haiti does intrude on U.S. consciousness , it ’s usually because of some natural disaster or a violent political upheaval , and the U.S. response is often paternalistic , if not tinged with a racist disdain for the country ’s predominantly black population and its seemingly endless failure to escape cycles of crushing poverty .
However , more than two centuries ago , Haiti represented one of the most important neighbors of the new American Republic and played a central role in enabling the United States to expand westward .
If not for Haiti , the course of U.S. history could have been very different , with the United States possibly never expanding much beyond the Appalachian Mountains .
In the 1700s , then - called St. Domingue and covering the western third of the island of Hispaniola , Haiti was a French colony that rivaled the American colonies as the most valuable European possession in the Western Hemisphere .
Relying on a ruthless exploitation of African slaves , French plantations there produced nearly one - half the world ’s coffee and sugar .
Many of the great cities of France owe their grandeur to the wealth that was extracted from Haiti and its slaves .
But the human price was unspeakably high .
The French had devised a fiendishly cruel slave system that imported enslaved Africans for work in the fields with accounting procedures for their amortization .
They were literally worked to death .
The American colonists may have rebelled against Great Britain over issues such as representation in Parliament and arbitrary actions by King George III .
But black Haitians confronted a brutal system of slavery .
An infamous French method of executing a troublesome slave was to insert a gunpowder charge into his rectum and then detonate the explosive .
So , as the American colonies fought for their freedom in the 1770s and as that inspiration against tyranny spread to France in the 1780s , the repercussions would eventually reach Haiti , where the Jacobins ’ cry of “ liberty , equality and fraternity ” resonated with special force .
Slaves demanded that the concepts of freedom be applied universally .
When the brutal French plantation system continued , violent slave uprisings followed .
Hundreds of white plantation owners were slain as the rebels overran the colony .
A self - educated slave named Toussaint L’Ouverture emerged as the revolution ’s leader , demonstrating skills on the battlefield and in the complexities of politics .
Despite the atrocities committed by both sides of the conflict , the rebels – known as the “ Black Jacobins ” – gained the sympathy of the American Federalist Party and particularly Alexander Hamilton , a native of the Caribbean himself .
Hamilton , the first U.S. Treasury Secretary , helped L’Ouverture draft a constitution for the new nation .
Conspiracies
But events in Paris and Washington soon conspired to undo the promise of Haiti ’s new freedom .
Despite Hamilton ’s sympathies , some Founders , including Thomas Jefferson who owned 180 slaves and owed his political strength to agrarian interests , looked nervously at the slave rebellion in St. Domingue .
Jefferson feared that slave uprisings might spread northward .
“ If something is not done , and soon done , ” Jefferson wrote in 1797 , “ we shall be the murderers of our own children . ”
Meanwhile , across the Atlantic , the chaos and excesses of the French Revolution led to the ascendance of Napoleon Bonaparte , a brilliant and vain military commander possessed of legendary ambition .
As he expanded his power across Europe , Napoleon also dreamed of rebuilding a French empire in the Americas .
In 1801 , Jefferson became the third President of the United States – and his interests at least temporarily aligned with those of Napoleon .
The French dictator was determined to restore French control of St. Domingue and Jefferson was eager to see the slave rebellion crushed .
Through secret diplomatic channels , Napoleon asked Jefferson if the United States would help a French army traveling by sea to St. Domingue .
Jefferson replied that “ nothing will be easier than to furnish your army and fleet with everything and reduce Toussaint [ L’ Ouverture ] to starvation . ”
But Napoleon had a secret second phase of his plan that he did n’t share with Jefferson .
Once the French army had subdued L’Ouverture and his rebel force , Napoleon intended to advance to the North American mainland , basing a new French empire in New Orleans and settling the vast territory west of the Mississippi River .
In May 1801 , Jefferson picked up the first inklings of Napoleon ’s other agenda .
Alarmed at the prospect of a major European power controlling New Orleans and thus the mouth of the strategic Mississippi River , Jefferson backpedaled on his commitment to Napoleon , retreating to a posture of neutrality .
Still – terrified at the prospect of a successful republic organized by freed African slaves – Jefferson took no action to block Napoleon ’s thrust into the New World .
In 1802 , a French expeditionary force achieved initial success against the slave army , driving L’Ouverture ’s forces back into the mountains .
But , as they retreated , the ex-slaves torched the cities and the plantations , destroying the colony ’s once - thriving economic infrastructure .
L’Ouverture , hoping to bring the war to an end , accepted Napoleon ’s promise of a negotiated settlement that would ban future slavery in the country .
As part of the agreement , L’Ouverture turned himself in .
Napoleon , however , broke his word .
Jealous of L’Ouverture , who was regarded by some admirers as a general with skills rivaling Napoleon ’s , the French dictator had L’Ouverture shipped in chains back to Europe where he was mistreated and died in prison .
Foiled Plans Infuriated by the betrayal , L’Ouverture ’s young generals resumed the war with a vengeance .
In the months that followed , the French army – already decimated by disease – was overwhelmed by a fierce enemy fighting in familiar terrain and determined not to be put back into slavery .
Napoleon sent a second French army , but it too was destroyed .
Though the famed general had conquered much of Europe , he lost 24,000 men , including some of his best troops , in St. Domingue before abandoning his campaign .
The death toll among the ex-slaves was much higher , but they had prevailed , albeit over a devastated land .
By 1803 , a frustrated Napoleon – denied his foothold in the New World – agreed to sell New Orleans and the Louisiana territories to Jefferson .
Ironically , the Louisiana Purchase , which opened the heart of the present United States to American settlement , had been made possible despite Jefferson ’s misguided collaboration with Napoleon .
“ By their long and bitter struggle for independence , St. Domingue ’s blacks were instrumental in allowing the United States to more than double the size of its territory , ” wrote Stanford University professor John Chester Miller in his book , The Wolf by the Ears : Thomas Jefferson and Slavery .
But , Miller observed , “ the decisive contribution made by the black freedom fighters … went almost unnoticed by the Jeffersonian administration . ”
The loss of L’Ouverture ’s leadership dealt a severe blow to Haiti ’s prospects , according to Jefferson scholar Paul Finkelman of Virginia Polytechnic Institute .
“ Had Toussaint lived , it ’s very likely that he would have remained in power long enough to put the nation on a firm footing , to establish an order of succession , ” Finkelman told me in an interview .
“ The entire subsequent history of Haiti might have been different . ”
Instead , the island nation continued a downward spiral .
In 1804 , Jean - Jacques Dessalines , the radical slave leader who had replaced L’Ouverture , formally declared the nation ’s independence and returned it to its original Indian name , Haiti .
A year later , apparently fearing a return of the French and a counterrevolution , Dessalines ordered the massacre of the remaining French whites on the island .
Though the Haitian resistance had blunted Napoleon ’s planned penetration of the North American mainland , Jefferson reacted to the shocking bloodshed in Haiti by imposing a stiff economic embargo on the island nation .
In 1806 , Dessalines himself was brutally assassinated , touching off a cycle of political violence that would haunt Haiti for the next two centuries .
Jefferson ’s Blemish
For some scholars , Jefferson ’s vengeful policy toward Haiti – like his personal ownership of slaves – represented an ugly blemish on his legacy as a historic advocate of freedom .
Even in his final years , Jefferson remained obsessed with Haiti and its link to the issue of American slavery .
In the 1820s , the former President proposed a scheme for taking away the children born to black slaves in the United States and shipping them to Haiti .
In that way , Jefferson posited that both slavery and America ’s black population could be phased out .
Eventually , in Jefferson ’s view , Haiti would be all black and the United States white .
Jefferson ’s deportation scheme never was taken very seriously and American slavery would continue for another four decades until it was ended by the Civil War .
The official hostility of the United States toward Haiti extended almost as long , ending in 1862 when President Abraham Lincoln finally granted diplomatic recognition .
By then , however , Haiti ’s destructive patterns of political violence and economic chaos had been long established – continuing up to the present time .
Personal and political connections between Haiti ’s light - skinned elite and power centers of Washington also have lasted through today .
Recent Republican administrations have been particularly hostile to the popular will of the impoverished Haitian masses .
When leftist priest Jean - Bertrand Aristide was twice elected by overwhelming margins , he was ousted both times – first during the presidency of George H.W. Bush and again under President George W. Bush .
Washington ’s conventional wisdom on Haiti holds that the country is a hopeless basket case that would best be governed by business - oriented technocrats who would take their marching orders from the United States .
However , the Haitian people have a different perspective .
Unlike most Americans who have no idea about their historic debt to Haiti , many Haitians know this history quite well .
The bitter memories of Jefferson and Napoleon still feed the distrust that Haitians of all classes feel toward the outside world .
“ In Haiti , we became the first black independent country , ” Aristide once told me in an interview .
“ We understand , as we still understand , it was n’t easy for them – American , French and others – to accept our independence . ”
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
For me the hardest thing was facing the possibility that this life is all there is , says Simon Le Bon
Listen to Simon read his contribution to The Atheist 's Guide to Christmas , edited by Ariane Sherine .
The book is out now in print , audio and on iTunes .
The contributors and editor have donated their full share of the profits to the Terrence Higgins Trust
There are tons of website on the Internet , and hundreds or probably thousands are created by day .
Here ’s a very interesting thing to ponder –
What are the elements of a good website ?
Building a website can be daunting but the real challenge lies in making it usable .
The problem is most web designers forget that the website was n’t created for themselves but to solve the users ’ needs .
They give creativity priority over practicality and usability .
In this article , we would like to highlight 11 web design blunders that web developers and designers make and some suggestions how these mistakes can be easily avoided .
1 . Where ’s the Search box ?
The web is like an archive of information .
Whether it ’s a corporate website or merely a blog , a search box is essential .
The visitor might be looking for something that is hidden within the website , with the search box , chances are , visitors will get what they want .
Suggestions : Google Custom Search is a neat , simple and effective way to get started .
It enables visitors to search your site in an efficient manner .
Just copy the HTML code from the control panel and paste it on your website and voilÃ Â ÃÂ , you ’ve got a search function right on your website .
Here ’s a simple form code to display Google ’s search engine on your site too .
All you have to do is change the site name to your website ’s name .
Plus , you can modify the submit value to anything you like .
< form action = " http://www.google.com/search " method= " get " > < fieldset > < input type =" hidden " name = " sitesearch " value = " https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/ " /> < input type =" text " name= " q " size = " 25 " maxlength = " 255 " value= " " /> < input type =" submit " value= " Search Hongkiat " /> </ fieldset > </ form >
More : Designing The Holy Search Box : Examples And Best Practice–
This article details guidelines for designing the search box .
2. Poor Readability & Legibility .
This is a crucial element of web design .
Of course , a good interface design will grab the users ’ attention but users have to read text to be able grasp the information they desire .
Some websites use the most bizarre font styles and sizes that make reading a pain .
Suggestions : Fortunately , there are simple ways that you can do to improve the users ’ reading experience on your website .
Compare color schemes of most major sites and notice how the colors improve readability .
A good place to try out different color schemes is Adobe Kuler .
Use a Sans serif typeface as it allows for easy reading on the web .
More :
Here is a good article that will gives you more tips on improving readability – Readability – Making Web Pages Easy To Read .
3. Unorganized Content Layout .
A website ’s content is what drives traffic to it .
How the content is structured is what will make it a success or a failure .
Users do not read unless absolutely necessary but scan through information and pick out points of interest on a web page .
Some designers just put a block of text on the web page and totally neglect headings , sub - headings , bullets , keywords , paragraphs , etc .
Use an appropriate page title for each web page so users know exactly where they are .
Some designers even forget to name the web page .
Overall , the worst in this category will be putting inaccurate , inaccessible , insignificant or out - of - date content on your website .
The content must coincide with the overall theme of the website and be useful .
If a page is under construction , why bother putting it up ?
If a designer really must , then it is only temporary and 3 weeks will no longer be deemed temporary .
Suggestions : Organize content on your website using HTML and CSS should be used when creating the design of your pages .
Create enough whitespace between your text and images by using margins .
Update and be consistent .
The purpose of updating is not just to add new content but to spot and correct past mistakes .
Jakob Nielsen suggests you hire a web “ gardener ” .
Budget to hire a web gardener as part of your team .
You need somebody to root out the weeds and replant the flowers as the website changes but most people would rather spend their time creating new content than on maintenance .
In practice , maintenance is a cheap way of enhancing the content on your website since many old pages keep their relevance and should be linked into the new pages .
Of course , some pages are better off being removed completely from the server after their expiration date – Jakob Nielsen
4. Bad Navigation .
Navigation within a website should be seamless .
Users should be able to find their way around easily .
While there is no standard for navigation within a website , especially now as more new web development technologies emerge , it is imperative to understand that navigation must be intuitive and consistent .
If text is used as navigation , it should be concise .
Visual metaphors should not be re-invented .
If hyperlinks are used , then they should stand out from the body of the text .
Dead links should have no place on any web page whatsoever .
This increases user confusion and wastes time .
And one that is even just as worse is having a link on the homepage that links to the homepage .
Suggestions :
Make navigation smooth by using textual descriptions for all links .
Provide alt text for images .
Use alternative text description techniques for Flash or Javascript links .
Organize and structure your navigation in tandem with the theme of the website .
Personal websites can afford to be more creative yet accessible but a business website requires more efficiency and clarity .
Remember , if users can’t find what they want in less than 3 clicks , most will leave immediately .
More : Implementing Effective Website Navigation –
This article gives more insight on implementing an effective navigation for your website .
5. Inconsistent Interface Design .
Excessive creativity can be just that .
Excessive !
Some designers take it to another level when creating websites by creating different designs for every web page within a website .
This is by no means confusing to the user .
And utterly annoying .
No matter how outstanding and attractive a website is , if the overall look and feel is not consistent , users cannot relate to it and feel less in control .
Thus , leaving as soon as they arrived .
Suggestions :
Use a standard consistent template for every page with links to the main sections of the site .
The keyword is simple .
Create aesthetically simple designs and users will never get confused on your website .
6. Unfriendly Screen Resolution .
I ’m sure we ’ve visited websites where you have to scroll horizontally .
This is an absolute no - no in modern web design .
A good designer will develop websites that fit on most screen sizes .
The current optimized layout for websites currently is 1024 x 768 pixels .
Suggestions :
It ’s hard and almost impossible to cater the design to fit every resolution especially when visitors are now surfing from mobile phones and netbooks , but we can get a rough idea what are the generally used screen resolutions with these following ways :
Check your stats – Analyic services like Google Analytics provides you information about what monitor resolution they are using .
These are useful information you should know before initiating your next revamp .
– Analyic services like Google Analytics provides you information about what monitor resolution they are using .
These are useful information you should know before initiating your next revamp .
W3 Schools Browser Stats – W3 Schools gives clear lists of the most popular browser used by netizens and sort them according to popularity .
There are other interesting and important statistics too .
7. Complicated Registration Forms .
Registration forms are tricky .
How much information do you require from the user ?
Gone are the days where a user had to enter a zillion details to register to your website .
Some websites make most registration fields mandatory and validate the fields to the extent where the user is frustrated after a few tries .
Remember , users visit a website to acquire information .
Not the other way round .
Someecard ‘s simple form makes registration painless .
Suggestions : Compare registration forms across communities on the web and understand what basic information is required of the user during the registration process .
More : 9 Common Usability Mistakes
In Web Design –
This post on Smashing Magazine takes an in - depth look at registration forms amongst other usability mistakes .
8. Unscrupulous Use of Images / Animations .
Too much images on a web page is a huge turn off .
Images can be used to capture users ’ attention but it can also be a distraction or just plain aggravating .
Images should be used to illustrate and guide the user where appropriate .
Animations are awesome and a powerful medium .
Especially when used appropriately .
When it ’s a cycle or just too much on a web page , it gets on the users ’ nerves .
Users do n’t have the patience , time or resources so designers must offer alternatives or better yet , the skip button , if it ’s a full page animation .
More : Flash : 99 % Bad – Use Flash appropriately .
It ’s been almost 10 years since Jakob Nielsen published this article but it ’s still relevant in terms of Flash usability especially the Breaks Web Fundamentals piece .
9. Cluttered Pages , More Whitespace .
Too many designers forget about whitespace and its importance .
They are so engulfed in their own design creativity that they forget that it ’s not about them .
Thus , they try to cram as much as they can onto a single page .
End result ?
A busy , cluttered and unreadable page .
kylestanding make good use of whitespace in their design .
Here are few articles to give you a good idea on the importance of whitespace in web design :
10 . No Background Music , Please !
Users do n’t want cool , they seek efficiency .
And yes , 99 percent do n’t care about the music on your website .
Some designers make it worse by putting different background music on every web page .
Suggestions : Do n’t use background music , but if you must , create a frame for the code and user controls .
That way , the music loops continuously , instead of changing each time a new page is loaded within the website .
And the user can stop or pause whenever .
11 . Test , Test and Test .
This can not be overemphasized .
How many times have we been to web pages that can only be viewed on a certain browser ?
Web developers have to have a checklist of sorts when testing websites .
Can the website be viewed in different environments ?
Is the design layout consistent in all browsers ?
Can the website be viewed in different settings such as Images turned off , JavaScript turned off , etc ?
Suggestions : W3C offers tools to test for quality assurance .
Check out W3C Quality Assurance Toolbox and Web Page Validation .
Conclusion :
Keep it simple , stupid ( K.I.S.S ) .
That ’s bottom line .
If it ’s simple , it ’s usable .
All in all , great websites keep it simple and usable .
Do your homework and it comes easy and naturally .
What are your experiences in web design projects ?
What other tips and thoughts would you like to share on web design mistakes ?
Editor ’s note :
This post is written by Brujo Owoh for Hongkiat.com .
Brujo Owoh is a Multimedia Systems undergrad , specialized in Web Design and 2D Animation .
He enjoys reading fiction , hanging out with his mates , and keeping up with design trends on Twitter .
Visit Brujo ’s blog .
Mechanical Commando 2
Climb into the cockpit of your mech and visit different planets to obliterate enemies .
Gain experience and unlock better equipment as you complete missions .
A man accused of setting a beloved homeless man on fire two years ago has pleaded guilty to the crimes , prosecutors say .
Ben Matthew Martin , 31 , pleaded guilty to one count each of first - degree murder , torture and arson causing great bodily injury to John McGraham .
Authorities said Martin , a onetime barber , poured gasoline on the homeless man and then used a road flare to set him on fire .
L.A. police arrested Martin in Riverside County .
He was connected to the 2008 slaying in the Mid-Wilshire area by eyewitnesses and DNA at the scene of the crime .
Martin left a red plastic gasoline can behind at 3rd and Berendo streets .
Authorities said the motive was unclear , but sources said the unemployed barber had previously voiced his dislike of the homeless in the area .
McGraham was a well - known fixture in the neighborhood .
This past October , Microsoft was all aflutter with the launch of Windows 7 and its very own retail store .
And those stores bore an uncanny resemblance to Apple ’s .
Apple is now fighting back with a “ new prototype for the company . ”
The first new store design will be in downtown Palo Alto , near one they opened in 2001 .
According to the Silicon ValleyMercury News :
The facade will be entirely
transparent at ground level , vast skylights will flood the store with
natural light , and trees will grow inside , fed by the sunlight from
above , according to a proposal submitted to the city ’s architectural
review board
The architect on the project will be Bohlin Cywinski Jackson , the same firm responsible for Apple ’s transparent cube on 5th Avenue , in New York City .
But where that design was almost purely symbolic –the cube was n’t part of the store , as much as a fancy entrances for it –the new glass - fronted design is meant to dissolve the boundary with the sidewalk .
It ’ll become an inside / outside space that feels like a part of the urban fabric .
Or a fishtank , depending on your view .
( In terms of architectural forebears , think of Philip Johnson ’s iconic Glass House or Rem Koolhaas ’s Prada Epicenter in Beverly Hills , whose entire front is open - air . )
In addition to a light and airy feel , the new store , according to Apple ’s planning documents , is meant to be less of a retail outlet , and more of a knowledge center : “ Fully half the function of the store serves to provide education and service to business as well
as customer patrons in addition to product sales .
The store is a
commons for the applicant ’s community to gather .
And that of course capitalizes on the fact that Apple has always been about not only products , but the Apple cult / culture .
Which might be insufferable to some .
But can you think of another brand that could even make such a claim without sounding totally silly ?
A diagram of a pulsar , showing its rotation axis and its magnetic axis .
Image : NASA
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Laboratory experiments in the last few decades have shown that some things can appear to move faster than light without contradicting Einstein 's special theory of relativity , but now astrophysicists have seen real examples of superluminal speeds in the form of radio pulses from a pulsar .
Superluminal , or faster than light , speeds are associated with anomalous dispersion , which is a process in which the refractive index of a medium increases with the wavelength of light passing through it .
If a light pulse ( consisting of a group of light waves at different wavelengths ) passes through such a medium , the group velocity of the pulse can increase to a velocity greater than any of the waves within the pulse , but the energy of the pulse still travels at the speed of light , which means information is transmitted in accordance with Einstein 's theory .
Astrophysicists , led by Frederick Jenet of the University of Texas at Brownsville , have been monitoring a pulsar , PSR B1937+21 , which is about 10,000 light years from Earth .
They used the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico to obtain radio data over three days at 1420.4 MHz with a bandwidth of 1.5 MHz .
They found that pulses closer to the center arrived earlier than the normal timing , which suggests they had travelled faster than the speed of light .
A pulsar is a neutron star that is spinning rapidly and emitting a rotating beam of radio radiation as it spins , which is observed on Earth at regular intervals rather like light from a lighthouse .
The pulses of radiation can be affected by several factors as they travel through the interstellar medium ( ISM ) .
Their polarization can be rotated if they pass through a magnetic field , for example , and they can be scattered if they encounter free electrons , and can be absorbed by neutral hydrogen in the ISM .
Jenet and his colleagues think anomalous dispersion also affects the pulses .
According to Jenet and colleagues , the pulses from the pulsar traveled through a cloud of neutral hydrogen , which has a resonance of 1420.4 MHz -- the exact center of the bandwidth studied .
Passing through the cloud caused anomalous dispersion that resulted in a superluminal group velocity , and pulses with frequencies closest to the resonance frequency arrived earlier than other pulses .
The scientists believe the pulses appear to travel faster than light because of an " interplay between the time scales present in the pulse and the time scales present in the medium . "
The faster - than - light pulses do not violate Einstein 's theory because technically the pulse carries no information .
The effect has been known in laboratory experiments , but these observations were the first in an astrophysical context .
The findings , to be published in the Astrophysical Journal , could help astronomers gain a more complete understanding of the composition of space in the regions between stars , and in particular the properties of neutral hydrogen clouds in our galaxy .
Explore further Astronomers weigh ' recycled ' millisecond pulsar
More information : A preprint of the article is available at A preprint of the article is available at arxiv.org / abs/0909.2445v2
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Aspiring filmmakers and event videographers can learn several useful lessons from this movie , both in terms of production skills and storycrafting .
Ron Dawson , the co-author of Refocus : Cutting - Edge Strategies to Evolve Your Video Business points out techniques used in Nanette Burstein ’s award - winning film that you can apply to your own video creation .

Nanette Burstein's 2008 Sundance phenomena , American
Teen , was one of the most enjoyable movies I watched last year .
It inspired me as a filmmaker , and it took me back emotionally to that socially awkward time in life when zits were the equivalent of leprosy and crushes came and went like the passing of the seasons .
Anyone interested in the art of documentary filmmaking can learn valuable lessons from this movie .
The best way I can describe the film is it ’s what you get when you cross a gripping Errol Morris documentary with a whimsical John Hughes teen dramedy .
American
Teen follows five high school seniors as their lives evolve and intertwine .
Like a real life Breakfast Club , there 's a Jock , a Geek , a Princess , a Heart Throb , and a Rebel .
It does n’t matter what decade you went to high school ( I ’m a child of the Hughes decade , the 1980s ) ; you will relate to these students ’ struggles , drama , and all their ups and downs .
And you will forget at times that you 're watching a documentary .
This is documentary filmmaking at its finest .
If you intend to improve your own skills at “ real life ” filmmaking , it ’s worth watching American Teen for style and technique .
Here ’s several lessons that you can apply to your own documentaries and event films ( such as videographers who shoot weddings and bar mitzvahs – those are documentaries , too ! ) .
Find the Story
Real life is often as interesting than what you make up – if not more so .
Every person whose life you want to encapsulate on screen has some story that can keep an audience engaged .
In American Teen , the main " character " is the Rebel , Hannah .
You become emotionally invested in her struggles and triumphs .
When she makes decisions to stay true to her dreams , you root for her and cheer her on ; and your heart goes out to her when she 's heart broken .
Find the story in your project .
If it 's a wedding , perhaps it 's the special relationship between the bride and her dad .
Focus a lot of attention on that and organize your edit in such a way to emphasize it .
For example , maybe you open the video with the father 's toast .
We 're about to embark on the production of a client 's history and our " story " will be the importance of family in the success of this client 's business .
Find your story and make it shine .
Choose the Right Camera Gear
Many aspiring filmmakers and photographers are excited about the new HD DSLRs ( such as Canon 's EOS 5DMark II , Panasonic 's Lumix GH1 , or Nikon 's D90 ) .
The imagery they create is amazing .
But , depending on the kind of documentary you 're creating , an HD DSLR may not be the best camera choice .
That ’s especially true if your film is more like a reality TV style documentary , where you follow subjects around and record a lot of dialog and conversations .
In such cases , you 'll be better off using a video camera that can roll for long periods of time , compared to .
the 12 minute clip maximum of the HD DSLRs .
If you 're craving that " film " look with a shallow depth of field , consider using a 35 mm adapter like the Letus Extreme or Cinevate 's Brevis .
These devices affix to the front of your fixed camcorder lens and allow you to use 35 mm DSLR lenses .
If you 're on a budget , then seriously consider the Jag35 .
They make three main adapters , the smallest of which is less than $ 100 .
If the documentary you 're making is comprised primarily of sit down interviews and b-roll , then filming with an HD DSLR is a viable option .
But pay attention to audio .
Video DSLRs do n't allow you to monitor audio , and currently the gain on them is auto -- which means the audio will dip and peak depending of the volume of what you record .
Audio is Key
From time to time in American
Teen you 'll notice the students wearing wireless microphone transmitters clipped to their backs .
In a documentary , what is said is in many ways more important than what you see .
If you 've ever listened to a This American Life episode on NPR , you know how powerful audio is in a documentary .
I cannot stress how crucial it is you capture good audio .
If you 're doing sit - down interviews , it 's easy enough to put a wireless mic on the subject and have that go into your camcorder .
But for reality TV style shooting , you may need to add a field mixer to the mix ( pun intended ) .
NOTE
A mixer is a device that allows you to record multiple sources of audio into one location , then output all those sources as one line of audio to some other device ( such as a camera ) .
You do n’t have to buy one ; they can be rented , too .
If you film multiple people , put wireless mic transmitters on all of them , then have their corresponding receivers connected to a field mixer .
Have a line from the mixer to your camera .
You need a dedicated audio guy to carry the mixer for you and to monitor sound .
Field mixers can be bulky and cumbersome .
Trying to manage multiple audio inputs on a portable mixer while you ’re filming the visuals is not as easy as walking a chewing gum at the same time .
Not to mention you may tire yourself out sooner than necessary .
As an alternative to the mixer , you could use a shotgun microphone on a boom pole .
Then have your audio guy hold the boom and point it to the person talking .
To give the audio guy more breathing room ( so that he or she is not tethered to the camera by a wire ) , use a wireless transmitter like the Sennheiser SKP100G2 plug - in attached to the shotgun mic .
However , I know that many videographers ( particularly those shooting events ) do n't have the budget , the help , or the time to deal with all this extra gear .
Can you imagine running around a wedding with a boom pole ?
So , put a good omni-directional mic on the main subject .
Omni-directional mics are great at picking up conversations within a close vicinity to the microphone .
( The aforementioned Sennheiser system is the one we use , and it's a favorite among event filmmakers . )
Have the mic transmit to one channel of your camera , then slap a good shotgun mic on the camera and have it go into the other channel .
You 'll find this a great combination for getting good audio .
If you 're shooting with an HD DSLR , use another device to capture your main audio , I recommend either a back - up camcorder or a digital recorder like the Zoom H4N .
You will then need to synchronize the audio to your video in post production .
Here 's a great video on Zacuto 's website about using the H4N with the video DSLR .
It 's Okay to Add Narrative Elements
It is not uncommon for documentary filmmakers to add some aspect to their films that may be more common in a narrative fictional piece .
These could include re-enactments using actors .
One of the most creative aspects of American Teen was the use of animation to illustrate some of the five students ’ thoughts and feelings .
The Geek 's daydreams were designed to look like the computer game , " Legend of Zelda . "
Hannah , the Rebel , had daydreams with a very " Coraline " feel to it , which matched the dark and brooding feelings she was having .
Be creative ; think of ways in which you could make your documentary feel more like a traditional narrative .
The Perfect Ending
A bad ending can make an otherwise great movie terrible .
Likewise , a brilliant ending can significantly uplift a mediocre film .
Despite the fact that it 's real life , you should be able to find an ending to your documentary that will be as exciting or uplifting as if it were written that way .
Look for that angle , sound bite , or visual that brings everything to a close , something emotional and visceral .
Using the father of the bride wedding movie example , maybe you end the video with the father - daughter dance , or a photo of the bride as a newborn being held by her dad , that then fades into a beautiful photo of the two on the wedding day .
As you shoot your film , look and listen for cues that inform your decision .
As you 're editing , whenever you come across a clip that seems like a good ending , set it aside somewhere .
I use Final Cut Pro and create a sequence just for the purpose of placing potential ending clips .
Then , when I 'm creating the final edit , I go to that sequence and look through my candidates .
By the time your finish watching American Teen , I am confident you 'll feel inspired .
Inspired by the direction and conviction of one of the main characters , and inspired as an event filmmaker to take your work to a whole new level .
Dr. David Himmelstein is an associate professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School and a primary care doctor at the Cambridge Hospital in Massachusetts .
Dr. Himmelstein is also a founder of Physicians for a National Health Program .
In 2005 and 2009 , he helped write major studies finding that medical bills were a leading contributor to personal bankruptcies in the United States .
He spoke to the freelance writer Anne Underwood .
Q .
How many medical bankruptcies are there annually in this country ?
A .
The forecast for this year is that there will be 1.4 million to 1.5 million total bankruptcy filings .
Our data say 62 percent of those will be medical .
That works out to around 900,000 cases , and each one affects about 2.7 people .
That makes roughly 2.4 million people who will suffer from new medical bankruptcy filings in 2009 alone .
Q .
What ’s the fallout from declaring medical bankruptcy ?
A .
We know that bankruptcy in general is considered hugely shameful .
People who will tell you the intimate details of their sex lives will refuse to tell you about their bankruptcies .
It shows up for years on credit reports .
It creates problems in obtaining housing and getting jobs .
What we do n’t have in our data is detailed knowledge of how medical bankruptcy affects people ’s lives in the long term .
There ’s only short - term follow - up on these people .
We know that six months later , they ’re having great difficulty getting medical care .
Their kids often have to change schools .
Elderly relatives they cared for have their care disrupted .
They often tell us they ’re suffering utility shutoffs , forgoing food and skipping meals .
Q .
A major goal of health care reform is to cover the uninsured .
But does covering more people necessarily mean that medical bankruptcies will decline ?
A .
No .
Our most recent study found that nearly two - thirds of Americans who declared bankruptcy cited illness or medical bills as a significant cause ( PDF ) of their bankruptcies .
And of the medically bankrupt , three - quarters of that group had insurance , at least when they first got sick .
Q .
How do people go bankrupt in spite of having insurance ?
A .
We found two categories of problems .
Some people were too sick to work and lost their jobs .
Along with their jobs , they lost their insurance .
The second group had continuous coverage , but their policies had so many co-pays , deductibles and loopholes that they were bankrupted in spite of having coverage .
Most of those who declared bankruptcy were in the latter group .
Q .
Would any of the plans under discussion on Capitol Hill reduce the rate of medical bankruptcies ?
A .
Only the single - payer plan sponsored by Representative John Conyers and Senator Bernie Sanders .
The others pretty clearly do little or nothing for medical bankruptcy .
Q .
How would a single - payer system reduce medical bankruptcies ?
A .
A single - payer system , such as the one proposed by my colleagues and myself , not only covers everyone , but also eliminates co-pays , deductibles and virtually all uncovered medical bills .
Both the Sanders and Conyers bills would work that way .
That ’s how it works in Canada .
Every Canadian has coverage with zero co-pays and zero deductibles .
As a result , when they get sick , they ’re not forced to pay for care .
It ’s the coincidence of bills coming when you ’re least able to pay them that creates the problem .
Q .
We ’re hearing a lot of criticism of the national health care system in Canada .
What is the rate of medical bankruptcy there ?
A .
Colleagues in Canada tell us that medical bills per se almost never cause bankruptcies in that country .
The relatively small number of medical bankruptcies seems to be among people who suffer a sharp drop in income because of illness .
Canada does not have a full disability and joblessness safety net .
We ’re planning a study with Canadian colleagues now to study this formally .
Q .
Is there anything in the other plans under discussion on Capitol Hill that you like ?
A .
What ’s being discussed is pretty much a clone of what we ’ve done in Massachusetts [ since the state instituted an individual mandate in 2007 ] .
From our study and from my own observations as a doctor in Massachusetts , more people are now covered , but access to care has n’t improved substantially .
For many people , it ’s worse .
Saying that everyone now has coverage is like saying you ’re dressed when you have a hospital gown on .
If you look at the back , not much is covered .
Q .
Have medical bankruptcies declined in Massachusetts ?
A .
We do n’t know .
We know that as of 2007 , when we collected our data , Massachusetts was in line with the rest of the nation in the proportion of bankruptcies that were caused by medical problems .
We ’re planning to update that to look at what ’s happened in the last two to three years .
We know that with mandated coverage for someone my age — I ’m in my 50s — the cheapest policy costs $ 4,800 annually and comes with a $ 2,000 deductible .
That means you ’ve laid out $ 6,800 dollars in premiums and medical bills before you have any coverage at all .
For many of our patients , that ’s worse off than they were before .
We had a free - care policy in our state that was quite liberal .
At the hospital where I work , anyone making less than 400 percent of the poverty level could get free or reduced - priced health care .
Two surveys have shown that about one in six insured people in Massachusetts are still unable to afford medical care .
Q .
In your opinion , then , the main plans under consideration on Capitol Hill miss the point .
A .
It ’s like debating the difference between aspirin and Tylenol for a cancer patient .
Russian officials say the almost £ 700 million plant will probably be launched in July .
Its completion has been repeatedly delayed due to technical and political snags since 1995 when Russia first became involved with the controversial but lucrative project .
Iran has recently begun publicly doubting Russia 's loyalty as an ally due in part to the long delays in starting up the plant .
Universal Music Group Did n’t Help Veoh , but It Did n’t Kill It
Who killed Veoh ?
It ’s convenient to blame Universal Music Group , which wrestled with the video start - up in court for years .
But it ’s wrong .
The music label ’s suit made it very difficult for Veoh to climb out of the deep hole it found itself in last year .
But it was the Web video start - up , not Universal , that dug that pit .
First , some housekeeping .
CEO Dmitry Shapiro now confirms his company ’s impending shutdown and Chapter 7 bankruptcy filing .
Plans to either sell or refinance the company came “ close , in both cases , ” he told me late this afternoon .
“ But we were unable to secure either option . ”
Shapiro did n’t offer any details about the future of the Web site or the videos users have uploaded there over the years .
I gather that ’s because he does n’t know himself .
He did , however , sketch out a brief picture of the company ’s demise .
Like others , Shapiro points out the problems caused by Universal ’s copyright suit , which is broadly similar to the one Viacom ( VIA ) is still fighting with Google ’s ( GOOG ) YouTube .
“ Clearly the UMG lawsuit was a tremendous weight on the company .
It was both financially draining and distracting , and it choked off the ability for any significant strategic deals , because everybody we talked to was terrified of getting sued immediately , ” he said .
“ And we know that potential investors were thinking that , too . ”
But the UMG lawsuit did n’t burn through $ 70 million of investors ’ money .
At most , sources say , the company spent something in the $ 6 million to $ 8 million range on legal fees .
Where did the rest of the money to go ?
To fund Veoh ’s YouTube - sized ambitions , apparently .
Sources familiar with the company tell me that during its go - go days , it was spending as much as $ 4 million a month on a bloated staff and infrastructure .
But Veoh only generated something like $ 12 million in sales over its five - year life , and most of that was in the past couple years , sources said .
Veoh ’s burn rate was cut back significantly after the economy crashed .
And it shrank even more last April , when Shapiro returned to the company he founded and replaced then - CEO Steve Mitgang .
Could Veoh have raised more money at that point ?
It ’s hard to see how , even if the Universal lawsuit was n’t hanging over it .
It was difficult to raise money for any online advertising venture in the spring of 2009 , let alone a money - burning Web video site .
And it ’s worth noting that Joost , another well - funded Web video start - up , more or less shut down a few months after Veoh ’s restructuring .
On the other hand , France ’s DailyMotion managed to raise another $ 25 million last October .
So there are still people out there betting on Web video , and Shapiro says they ’re right .
But his company was too early , and it grew too fast–and ultimately , not fast enough .
“ We were pioneers , and we were there in the first few years when there was no advertising market to speak of , ” he says .
“ Over the next couple years , do I think that more and more brand advertisers are going to move into online video ?
Absolutely .
Online video is going to be a success . ”
Jian Lin , a geophysicist with the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution , said the quake occurred just north of the site of the 1960 earthquake , with very little overlap .
“ Most of the rupture today picked up where the 1960 rupture stopped , ” said Mr. Lin , who has studied the 1960 event , which occurred along about 600 miles of the fault zone and was measured at magnitude 9.5 .
Image HILO , HAWAII , 1960 The stresses added along the fault zone by the earthquake , helped lead to the rupture on Saturday , experts said .
Like many other large earthquakes , the 1960 quake increased stresses on adjacent parts of the fault zone , including the area where the quake occurred Saturday .
Although there had been smaller quakes in the area in the ensuing 50 years , Mr. Lin said , none of them had been large enough to relieve the strain , which kept building up as the two plates converged .
“ This one should have released most of the stresses , ” he said .
Experts said the earthquake appeared to have no connection to a magnitude 6.9 quake that struck off the southern coast of Japan late Friday evening .
Nor was the Chilean event linked to the magnitude 7.0 quake that occurred in Haiti on Jan. 12 .
That quake , which is believed to have killed more than 200,000 people , occurred along a strike - slip fault , in which most of the ground motion is lateral .
The Chilean earthquake occurred along a thrust fault , in which most of the motion is vertical .
Mr. Lin said his calculations showed that the quake on Saturday was 250 to 350 times more powerful than the Haitian quake .
Activision 's massively successfulgets its first map pack today , but widespread consumer media reports say that thefive - map set is n't yet working as intended .
According to the Twitter feed of Xbox Live program manager Larry " Major Nelson " Hryb , " Theneeds a Title Update and it did n't go out properly .
We 're pushing it out now - it wo n't be long .
" According to consumer weblog Kotaku , users are encountering a wide range of errors , such as problematic multiplayer lobbies , no option for private matches , and missing map images .
is the first of two downloadable map packs fordeveloped by Infinity Ward .
The second downloadable map pack is apparently the onlyproduct the studio has left to deliver to Activision , which is in the midst of restructuring thebrand following legal conflict with Infinity Ward studio heads
The enormously popular recently reported 25 million unique multiplayer users .
It 's racked up over $ 1 billion in retail sales and sold close to 12 million units , breaking entertainment records .
Activision says it 's celebrating the launch ofby donating $ 180,000 worth ofgames to U.S. Navy sailors , distributing them to over 300 ships and submarines , in addition to Morale , Welfare and Recreation facilities worldwide .
The donations came via Activision 'sEndowment , or CODE , a non-profit public benefit organization that focuses its activities on helping veterans transition into civilian careers through job training and placement alongside campaigns for media awareness of veterans ' needs .
How can I help you ?
Almost 40 percent of BlackBerry users would switch camp to an Apple iPhone , a recent study into smartphone brand loyalty shows .
Google 's Nexus
One is almost as desirable , according to the study by Crowd Science ( PDF link ) , which shows that a third of the BlackBerry users polled were willing to switch their device for the Android - based phone .
BlackBerry is still the most popular smartphone brand in terms of market share , Crowd Science 's study shows , but many Research In Motion devices users would be more than happy to move to a different smartphone platform if given the chance .
The study also found that the majority of smartphone users claim to use their devices for both business and personal purposes .
BlackBerry users were the most likely ( 7 percent ) to use their smartphone for business purposes only .
Unlike BlackBerry users , though , Android and iPhone users are less willing to move to a different mobile phone platform .
The study shows that nine out of ten of those questioned would re-purchase their own brand .
" Blackberry as a brand just is n't garnering the loyalty seen with other mobile operating systems , " said Crowd Science CEO John Martin .
He explains that not only the " allure of the iPhone " , but also Google Android 's rise in popularity , are creating a dent in BlackBerry 's brand following .
If the study is a reflection of most smartphone users out there , it poses an interesting question for device makers : should they dump the physical keyboards ?
BlackBerry devices are well - known for their excellent keyboards , but considering that the iPhone and Nexus One feature only on - screen software keyboards , this could show users ' willingness to sacrifice typing speed for a larger screen , more suitable for media consumption while on the go .
Which smartphone would you switch to tomorrow , if given the chance ?
Sound off in the comments .
Pew Pew Pew !!!
Nom Nom Nom !!!
Asteroids .
And cookies .
Their fusion was only a matter of time .
For this project we had originally intended to follow one of the instruction sets to make our own DIY cookie cutters – there are a number of good methods posted online .
Amongst others , you can make them
from metal shim ,
from copper strip ,
from a baking pan , or
from a kit .
But , since we actually do n’t plan to make these on a regular basis , we ended up just cutting out the shapes ( one by one ) with a hobby knife .
This is a clean method , but it is slow and takes patience .
A sharp and fresh blade helps .
The cookie dough is from this chocolate graham cracker recipe .
In the past we ’ve used sugar cookie dough ( and similar recipes ) with cookie cutters .
But they actually tend to flow during baking more than we ’d like .
By comparison , this graham cracker recipe works remarkably well .
It cuts cleanly and – as you can see above –it holds its shape under baking .
It ’s also nice and dark .
The frosting is a simple layer of piped royal icing , placed as a single bead with a single width , to emulate a vector graphics display .
For us , this is the weak point in the process ; it requires skill .
( You may have far more frosting - fu than we do . )
To represent the bullets , we added these small filled - in squares .
Serve carefully arranged , on a dark background .
Mmmm .
Vector graphics .
Steven Horwitz
In my mail yesterday arrived volume 13 of Advances in Austrian Economics , entitled The Social Science of Hayek 's The Sensory Order , edited by our good friend Bill Butos .
A glance at the table of contents indicates that this will be an indispensible volume for those interested in Hayek 's cognitive theory and especially its relationship to his social science .
It includes my paper on " The Sensory Order and Organizational Learning , " in which I apply / analogize Hayek 's theory of cognition and learning to how firms use market signals such as profit and loss to learn .
The volume also includes the ( infamous ? )
D'Amico and Boettke paper attacking what they call " Neuro - Hayekianism " and responses by Roger Koppl and me to their criticisms of our work , as well as a rejoinder by Dan and Pete .
It 's not cheap , but your institution might have access to it through your library .
Roger Koppl and I are the current Series Editors for Advances and we are working with Emerald to see if we can get a discount for SDAE members .
We hope to be able to do so in the near future .
For now , get this volume if you can .
' Unequivocal . "
That 's quite a claim in this skeptical era , so it 's been enlightening to watch the unraveling of the absolute certainty of global warming caused by man .
Now even authors of the 2007 United Nations report that " warming of the climate system is unequivocal " have backed off its key assumptions and dire warnings .
Science is having its Walter Cronkite moment .
Back when news was delivered by just three television networks , Walter Cronkite could end his evening broadcast by declaring , " And that 's the way it is . "
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) report likewise purported to proclaim the final word , in 3,000 pages that now turn out to be less scientific truth than political cover for sweeping economic regulations .
Equivocation has replaced " unequivocal " even among some of the scientists whose " Climategate " emails discussed how to suppress dissenting views via peer review and avoid complying with freedom - of - information requests for data .
By Kim Hyun-cheolStaff
ReporterClasses using robots developed for educational purposes have proven to be effective in enhancing English classes , the Ministry of Knowledge Economy said Thursday .
Students of English classes using robots as teaching assistants showed better learning achievements in speaking , as well as greater confidence and motivation , it said , citing a survey carried out by the Korea Education and Research Information Service ( KERIS ) .
The eight - week project was conducted from late December last year at three elementary schools in Daejeon and Masan , South Gyeongsang Province , as part of an initiative to make South Korea a leading robot developer by 2018 .
Two types of robots were used as teaching assistants during their English classes ― telepresence robots controlled remotely by teachers and autonomous robots equipped with a voice - recognition system to interact with students .
The students showed notable improvement in speaking ability , along with increased interest and motivation in learning English .
The robots were also effective in teaching subjects other than English , the ministry said , citing the results of another project it conducted at 10 Seoul - based schools .
It introduced specially - developed " teaching machines " for classes of math , science and art for five weeks starting in November last year .
The robots had a positive effect in giving students an equal learning opportunity and producing a higher level of engagement during classes , KERIS said .
They also contributed to more creative and lively classes .
" Using teaching robots in classes is expected to raise the quality of public school education , thus leading to less dependence on the private education , " said Kim Hong - joo , a ministry official .
Also , an early start in teaching robot projects will be helpful in leading the new global market as the nation aims to be one of the top three global leaders in this field by 2013 , he added .
Based on the initial project , the government plans to further expand use of robot - based education programs this year .
Consequent robot projects , including more research and development , will be carried out in collaboration with the Ministry of Education , Science and Technology , it said .
Hybrid Hatchback
The CT200h is the brand new Lexus hybrid hatchback that is going to be compact as well as going to bring in greater competence in many ways .
This car would be featured in its glory in the upcoming Geneva Motor Show which is going to take place coming month .
This car is now being claimed to be one of the most celebrated hybrid and compact segments that is going to bring some of the best features based on the concepts from LF - Ch .
This idea has been showcased through the entire 2009 Frankfurt Motor Show .
This car has been powerful without the usual internal combustion engine being put on .
The 200h moniker is thus to be represented with its 2 liter engine .
The coupled electric powers have been bringing some of the most interesting perspective to this new place .
The CT 200h is going to pass into an entirely new concept of hybrid car unit with models such as RX450h or the GS 450h as well as LS600h .
This new model is thus going to be released rather shortly with much fanfare .
The next reviews on this debut will bring better awareness of what this wonderful car is all about .
True randomness can be hard to come by in the digital world .
[ Andy Green ] is making it easier to get true entropy by using this random USB dongle .
The Whirlygig uses a CPDL to gather data from a set of of oscillators .
The oscillators have a constantly fluctuating frequency due to temperature changes ; if they run faster they generate more heat which in turn slows them down .
This , along with the variable latency associated with polling a USB device , gives great depth of randomness .
The device is detected and mounted under ‘/ dev/hw_random ’ and can then be fed into ‘/ dev/ random ’ using the rng - tools package .
[ Andy ’s ] done a lot of testing , both on the hardware , and on the quality of randomness .
We did n’t see an option to order this but he ’s got hardware and firmware repositories so that you can throw one together yourself .
[ Thanks Zunk ]
One of the limitations on notebooks is the lack of USB ports in proportion to the number of devices we would like to hook up .
An easy remedy these days is the USB Hub , but YD wo n’t be YD if we showcased run -of - the - mill solutions !
So here ’s the Infinite USB – an alternative plug on devices that kinda acts like a tag team .
The design speaks for itself , so no point elaborating , however what we can do is talk about its effectiveness and limitations .
For starters I do n’t think we may be able to tag too many devices one behind the other .
I reckon max 3 or 4 before the tag starts to look awkward , but the color coding on plugs will make it easy to identify which plug belongs to which device .
What do you think ?
Designer : Gonglue Jiang
This has been a tough Lent for the Roman Catholic Church .
Its seemingly endless sexual abuse scandal finally has seeped into the papal apartments , and the Vatican ’s response to this week ’s revelations suggests that far too little has been learned from this squalid affair .
Until now , Pope Benedict XVI had seemed to be taking a far more forthright approach to the problem than his predecessor , John Paul II , most recently in a blistering “ pastoral letter ” to the entire Irish church .
This week , however , the New York Times published a pair of stories suggesting that Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger -- the future Pope Benedict -- participated in precisely the sort of secrecy and administrative negligence that has been at the root of this scandal .
Documents produced over the church ’s objections in an American lawsuit show that the Vatican ’s Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , which Ratzinger headed from 1981 - 2005 , declined to defrock Father Lawrence C. Murphy , even though he molested at least 200 boys at a Wisconsin school for the deaf .
In 1996 , then - Milwaukee Archbishop Rembert G. Weakland twice wrote directly to Ratzinger requesting a trial aimed at defrocking Murphy , whose crimes were known to three successive Milwaukee prelates .
Advertisement
Ultimately , Ratzinger ’s deputy , Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , authorized a trial , then halted it after Murphy -- by then aging and in ill health -- wrote to Ratzinger appealing for leniency .
As pope , Benedict has appointed Bertone to the Vatican ’s two highest offices , secretary of State and Camerlengo .
The last Italian cardinal to hold both posts simultaneously was Eugenio Pacelli , the future Pope Pius XII .
On Friday , the New York Times reported that , as archbishop of Munich , Ratzinger presided over a meeting that approved the return to parish work of an admitted pedophile , who went on to molest more children .
A memo from that period also seems to show that the cardinal was “ kept informed about the priest ’s assignment . ”
The Holy See ’s reaction to both stories has been swift .
An unsigned editorial this week in the Vatican newspaper L’Osservatore Romano attacked the New York Times by name , accusing the paper of willfully ignoring the “ truth ” of Ratzinger / Benedict ’s record and of attempting “ to instrumentalize , without any foundation in fact , horrible episodes and sorrowful events uncovered in some cases from decades ago . ”
The media , it continued , showed a “ despicable intent of attacking , at whatever cost , Benedict XVI and his closest collaborators . ”
Earlier in the week , New York ’s archbishop , Timothy Dolan , used his blog to dismiss the New York Times ’ reports and defend the pontiff ’s record by arguing that authorities outside the church also are culpable .
Stories about sexual abuse by priests were “ fair ” if “ unending , ” he wrote .
But he condemned the media for portraying child sexual abuse “ as a tragedy unique to the church alone .
That , of course , is malarkey . ”
Advertisement
Sadly , this latest everybody - is - responsible - so - nobody - is - to - blame defense is of a piece with a little - noticed section of Benedict ’s letter to the Irish church in which he seemed to blame the crisis , in part , on “ new and serious challenges to the faith arising from the rapid transformation and secularization of Irish society . ”
So what happens now ?
In all likelihood , nothing .
Even if further revelations show that Benedict was malfeasantly negligent as a cardinal , there is no canonical mechanism that could force him to step down .
The last pope to resign was Gregory XII in 1415 , and he acted to heal a schism that had produced three claimants to the Throne of Peter .
What now seems likely is that the pontiff , who turns 83 next month , will spend the rest of his papacy dealing with the fallout of an ever - widening scandal .
His situation will be precisely the one over which he assailed the Irish bishops in his recent letter :
“ It can not be denied that some of you and your predecessors failed , at times grievously , to apply the long - established norms of canon law to the crime of child abuse .
. . .
I recognize how difficult it was to grasp the extent and complexity of the problem , to obtain reliable information and to make the right decisions in the light of conflicting expert advice .
Nevertheless , it must be admitted that grave errors of judgment were made and failures of leadership occurred .
All this has seriously undermined your credibility and effectiveness . ”
Advertisement
timothy.rutten@latimes.com
For all the recent discussion about climate and carbon , I think we ’re missing a critical point .
Climate is only one part of the larger global economic , energy , and environmental picture .
To accurately depict the challenges and opportunities that we face , both politically and economically , we should n’t be focused solely on climate .
Do n’t get me wrong .
I see climate change as a crucial driver and one of the most important issues of our time .
But we ’ll never win the clean - tech race if we lead with climate or see it in isolation .
Indeed , against the backdrop of Copenhagen , and the failure to reach any real , meaningful , and binding commitments , I believe we need to quickly shift focus and strategy .
We should be framing the clean - tech revolution not in the context of something as amorphous as climate change and as divisive as cap - and - trade , but instead on job creation , economic competitiveness , energy independence , and national security .
We should be focused on the race to provide the tools and know - how to solve the biggest issues and meet the greatest challenges of our time : resource scarcity and constraints ; the impact of volatile , highly polluting fossil fuels ; and the explosive growth of the world ’s middle classes ( who , like most people in the developed world , want easy and convenient access to transportation , communication networks , and electricity , heating , and cooling , among other things ) .
This brings me to the title of this column .
In 2004 , linguist , professor , and political strategist George Lakoff wrote a book entitled : Do n’t Think of an Elephant !
It ’s an insightful and critical primer on the importance of framing and language in selling political ideas .
In the book he outlines how the Republican right learned how to use language to frame the debate .
They named the estate tax the “ death tax , ” ( a brilliant if disingenuous framing ) and proffered concepts like “ pro life , ” “ tax relief , ” and “ family values . ”
By using such terms , even if not wholly accurate , they took the upper hand by casting their ideas in the best possible light .
Who ’s opposed to life , relief , and values ?
In his book , professor Lakoff points out another interesting linguistic and messaging trick :
By telling readers or an audience not to think about something ( whatever you do , do not think of an elephant ) , it sets up a dynamic where that ’s exactly what they think about .
If politicians , business leaders , and others are to lead the U.S. to a clean - tech victory , they need to focus on what matters most to the American people and recast the energy movement in a new light — in language that is both memorable and relevant .
They need to focus on American innovation , creativity , and resourcefulness ; on job creation , economic competitiveness , and security ; and on shared values .
Indeed , poll after poll shows that Americans unequivocally support clean energy .
It is one of the least divisive and partisan issues out there — with support from both sides of the aisle .
Recent polls by Gallup , the Center for American Progress , Pew , and others find that a majority of Americans , between 70 - 80 percent , support the move away from oil , gas , and coal to renewable energy sources such as wind and solar .
We had our own lesson in framing when starting our research and publishing firm .
In 2000 , when founding Clean Edge , the most used terms for the sector were “ environmental technologies ” and “ alternative energy . ”
But these were clearly inadequate terms — and ones that many on both the left and right frequently associated with Birkenstock - wearing , back - to - the - earth , environmentalists .
The challenge :
To rename and define an emerging sector that was , even in 2000 , a multi-billion dollar industry , and one that we believed was poised to be a major engine of economic growth for the next two to three decades .
In looking for the right frame , Clean Edge co-founder Joel Makower and I decided to focus on the concept of “ clean tech . ”
Back in 2000 , the term was still relatively unheard of ( a Google search at the time came back with only a couple dozen relevant returns ) .
Now , clean tech is a widely used term by politicians , businesspeople , and the media .
A Google search today results in more than 50 million returns .
Like I said earlier , who can argue with terms like “ clean ” and “ technology ? ”
Moving forward , if the U.S. is to lead the world in the clean - tech transition , it will need to use language , frames , and concepts that best support the movement .
As noted above , we need to collectively paint visions and pathways that are inspirational and affirming .
Instead of leading with carbon offsets , cap - and - trade , and climate mitigation , we should be focusing on energy independence and security ; clean - technology innovation ; green - job creation ; and global resource management and leadership .
I ’m thinking of things like large - scale solar farms , 21st century electric grids , advanced water filtration systems , real - time global environmental databases , and all - electric vehicle networks .
What are you thinking of ?
Ron Pernick is cofounder and managing director of Clean Edge , Inc. and coauthor of The Clean Tech Revolution .
Libertarianism is a redistributive project .
That ’s another way in which radical market anarchism is rightly seen as part of the socialist tradition .
Statists on both the left and the right favor the redistribution of wealth .
Libertarians , by contrast , are often assumed to be dead - set against all varieties of redistribution .
But it ’s important to see that whether this is really the case or not depends on how we answer several questions :
Agent : who effects the redistribution ?
Rationale : what justifies the redistribution ?
Means : how is the redistribution accomplished ?
Statist Redistribution
For statists , the agent of redistribution is the state .
The rationales for redistribution are primarily consequentialist — it ’s seen as designed to bring about some favored end - state — though it may also be used to punish the putatively undeserving and to reward the arguably virtuous .
The means ?
The creation of monopolies , the enactment of regulations , the confiscation of property via eminent domain , or the transfer of resources acquired via taxation .
Thus , both kinds of statists shift wealth from those who produce it to politically favored elites .
They may also , of course , shift resources to the economically vulnerable , but the prime beneficiaries of these programs are various groups of politically influential people .
Statist redistribution is unjust because it employs aggressive means and because it is undertaken by the state — an aggressive monopolist .
It is indefensible to the extent that its viability depends on the coherence of consequentialism .
And it is undesirable because it serves the interests of the power elite at the expense of the well being of ordinary people .
Solidaristic Redistribution
Many libertarians acknowledge the importance of voluntary , solidaristic redistribution , undertaken by people using their own resources for the purpose of aiding victims of accident or disaster or those experiencing economic insecurity and not coercively mandated by the state .
It is , indeed , perfectly consistent with libertarian principles to maintain that , while it is not just to use force to effect solidaristic redistribution , engaging in it may nonetheless be an “ imperfect ” duty : something one has a responsibility to do , but which one does n’t owe to any specific person , and which can reasonably be fulfilled in multiple ways — and which cannot therefore be claimed by anyone in particular as a right .
The agent of such redistribution is the individual , using her own resources and operating independently or through a voluntary association .
The rationale is the importance ( however understood ) of helping those who need assistance .
The means — all voluntary — might include contributions to worthwhile projects , providing unemployment for those unable to secure work , various kinds of investments , and direct gifts to economically vulnerable people .
Transactional and Rectificational Redistribution
But this is hardly the only kind of redistribution libertarians can and should favor .
Libertarians also have good reason to recognize the importance of two other kinds of redistribution : redistribution understood as the predictable and desirable outcome of the maintenance of a freed market , and redistribution as a matter of corrective justice ..
We can call these kinds of redistribution transactional and rectificational .
Transactional Redistribution
Transactional redistribution is just a description of what happens in a genuinely freed market .
Markets undermine privilege .
Without the protection afforded by monopoly privileges ( including patents and copyrights ) , subsidies , tariffs , restrictions on union organizing , protections for long - term ownership of uncultivated property , and so forth , members of the power elite , forced to participate along with everyone else in the process of voluntary cooperation that is the freed market , will tend to lose ill - gotten gains .
They will retain wealth only if they actually serve the needs of other market participants .
And they will be unable to use the legal system to protect their wealth from squatters ( by enabling them to maintain uncultivated land indefinitely ) or to limit vigorous bargaining by workers ( both because workers will be freer to organize without statist restrictions and because the absence of such restrictions will give workers options other than paid employment that will improve their negotiating positions ) .
While unfettered competition obviously will not create mathematical equality , it will make it much harder for vast disparities of wealth to persist than at present .
The state props up the power elite , using the threat of aggression to shift wealth to the politically favored .
Removing the privileges of the power elite will lead , through the operation of the market , to the widespread dispersion of wealth members of the power elite are able to retain at present in virtue of the protection they receive from the political order .
The means of transactional redistribution is the market .
The direct agents are ordinary market actors , while those responsible for the elimination of statist privileges that distort the market and prop up the wealth of the power elite are the indirect agents .
The rationales for transactional redistribution include the value of freedom and the injustice of the privileges transactional redistribution corrects .
Rectificational Redistribution
Eliminating privilege and creating a freed market will tend to foster the widespread sharing of wealth .
But it will not on its own be sufficient to make up for the effects of systematic aggression by the members of the power elite and their allies .
That ’s why rectificational redistribution is also important .
Massive injustice lies at the root of much of the contemporary distribution of wealth .
Land theft is the most obvious example .
But other kinds of aggression — the internal passport system implemented in eighteenth - century England , for instance , or the engrossment of unowned land by state fiat — have also served to deprive ordinary people of resources and opportunities .
The beneficiaries of this kind of aggression have varied to some extent , but they have consistently belonged to politically favored groups — they ’ve been either members of the power elite or their associates .
People deserve compensation for the losses they have suffered at the hands of those who prefer the political to the economic means of acquiring wealth .
It is obviously not possible to correct all historical injustices .
But when those injustices have systematically benefited some identifiable groups at the expense of others , radical correction is possible and entirely warranted .
That ’s why Murray Rothbard argued that slaves should be entitled to the plantation land on which they worked : their putative “ owners ” had not used their own labor , or the labor of free people cooperating with them , to cultivate the land ; rather , those who cultivated it for the members of the plantocracy did so at gunpoint .
Thus , the land was reasonably regarded as unowned prior to the cultivating work of the slaves , who should have been treated as , in effect , homesteading it — and who obviously deserved compensation for the theft of their labor by their “ owners . ”
In the same way , independent farmers turned into serfs by violence deserved , Rothbard believed , to receive title to the land on which they worked , while the aristocratic proprietors of the latifundia on which they worked deserved precisely nothing in compensation for land to which they were n’t entitled in the first place .
Military contractors , research universities , and other entities largely supported by the state ’s theft of land and resources might well , he and Karl Hess suggested , be treated as unowned and capable of being homestead by their workers or others .
And it would be easy to argue along similar lines that those prevented from homesteading unowned land by means of its legal engrossment should be allowed to claim it .
And so forth .
The means of rectificational redistribution is the reallocation of unjustly acquired or retained property titles .
The direct agents are the people who homestead property newly acknowledged to be unowned or who claim property unjustly taken from or denied to them or their predecessors in interest , while those who work to ensure the denial of recognition or protection to unjust titles are the indirect agents .
The rationales for rectificational redistribution include both the injustices of the titles to the property rectificational redistribution reallocates and the claims to compensation of those deprived of title to their own property or unjustly prevented for claiming unowned property by the power elite .
While it is not a source of independent justification for reallocating title , the greater dispersion of wealth this kind of redistribution effects can be welcomed by libertarians both in virtue of the benefits it confers on economically vulnerable people and because of its contribution to greater social stability .
Libertarianism as a Redistributive Project
Libertarian redistribution is just because it employs voluntary or rectificatory means and because it is undertaken by non-state actors .
It does not require any sort of global consequentialist justification .
And it serves to empower ordinary people and compensate them for injustice .
Statists might reflexively dismiss libertarian redistribution because it is n’t undertaken by the state .
But , if they did , they would owe us an explanation : why should they be concerned primarily about means ?
Statists ordinarily argue for redistribution either as a means of reducing economic vulnerability or as a way of fostering economic equality , understood as valuable in its own right .
But libertarian redistribution would certainly achieve the former goal and would likely promote the latter , too .
So statists opposed to libertarian redistribution would seem to have fetishized statist means — and to care more about these means than about the purported ends of statist policies .
I remember the first time I stepped foot into a gym .
I had been lifting weights for a year or so in my basement using the weight set my parents had given me one Christmas .
I was basically reading magazines and working out each night doing whatever exercises that could be done with dumbbells , a barbell and a bench .
Soon I was hooked and working out became a passion of mine .
I loved the feeling of lifting weights every night as it fulfilled me in so many ways .
Eventually I asked my father for a gym membership and he said yes .
I was so happy .
Now I could use everything that I saw in the magazine as I was no longer restricted by my simple weight set .
" Lifting with your ego puts you at high risk of injury . "
The first day I arrived at the gym I was overwhelmed by all the weights , machines and other gadgets they had .
Looking back I realize that I made many mistakes that can easily discourage many people from continuing to go to the gym .
So here is a list of ten things I wish I would have known back then .
10 Mistakes Beginners Make
Mistake 1 : Ego Lifting
This is by far the biggest mistake anyone can perform when they are at any level of training .
Lifting with your ego is the act of lifting or pushing too much weight without the conscience effort of keeping form in the hopes to impress your friends , the opposite sex or a more experienced lifter .
I can tell you from personal experience , nothing makes me laugh more than when I see a young guy using improper form to try to impress someone .
Take it from me , though your friends might think it is cool , you are usually putting yourself in a dangerous position and injury is at high risk .
Secondly , the majority of all ladies are careless how much weight you can move .
Finally , the experienced guy is laughing and not impressed as they are well aware that lifting using perfect form is more beneficial and a lot more difficult than tossing weights around like a maniac .
Mistake 2 : Lack Of Hygiene
The gym is a place where hundreds of people a day are all sweating and sharing the same facility .
This makes the gym a perfect place for the spread of bacteria .
It is critical to make sure that you are as hygienic as possible .
This means , when you use a machine and or bench take the time to wipe it down when you are done .
When you use the bathroom wash your hands .
Have a little common sense .
Would you like to lay on a bench that was dripping with sweat ?
No , so why should someone else have to .
Do your part and help stop of the spread of germs by being health conscious and wiping equipment down .
Last thing you want to do is become sick and miss workouts .
Remember that the best form of teaching is through example .
Mistake 3 : Not Putting Weights Away
All levels of trainers are guilty of this one .
As my mother always told me , if you learn something when you are young you will always do it .
Not putting plates and dumbbells away in the right places is a pet peeve of mine .
" It is bad gym etiquette to leave weights around but it also can be dangerous . "
I can't stand having to put away someone else 's mess as I already have a hard enough time cleaning up after myself .
It is so frustrating to search the gym for weights every time you want to do a set .
It is bad gym etiquette to leave weights around but it also can be dangerous .
People can trip , fall and easily hurt themselves .
Do n't leave your weights around .
I view them as my toys .
When I was a kid I was told to put my toys away so it is second nature to put my weights away as they are my new toys .
Mistake 4 : Socializing
Your number one goal when going to the gym should be to get a great workout .
I understand that the gym is a place where people commonly go not only to workout but also to socialize .
Make sure the socializing does n't take over and your workouts come second .
I see way too many beginners in the gym taking way too long in between sets because they are socializing and having full length conversations while someone else is waiting for a piece of equipment .
Also remember that other people are there to workout and if you disturb them mid-workout you might be taking them out of their zone .
There is no way to focus on the workout if your mind is somewhere else .
What I tell beginners is find a friend or friends that have the same goals as you .
When you are at the gym small talk is fine but never to the point where you stop the flow of your workout .
Friendly banter is fine but too much socializing will lead to no results .
Mistake 5 : Not Using Collars
Free weight training is the most effective form of training , period , but it also is the most dangerous .
The reason for both are the weight is not on a fixed plain .
The weight is free to move as it likes , so balance comes into play .
When you are new to exercise the balancing of a barbell while squatting or bench pressing could be tough as many beginner lifters favor their dominate side .
This could lead to one side coming up faster than the other and woop , there goes the weight sliding off the weaker side .
That would not have happened if you used collars .
I have seen some crazy things in the gym but nothing frightens me more than when I see trainer lifting a weight all lop sided that is not using collar .
I know that one side is going to dump but can't do anything about it .
The last thing you want to do is put yourself in a dangerous position .
Collar up the weight and press away .
Mistake 6 : Thinking That More Is Better
The old rule of " more is not always better " is also true in weight lifting .
More weight , more sets , more reps .
I am a big believer in quality over quantity .
I do like my fair share of volume when hitting the weights but there is always a limit .
All beginners should start out employing a full body workout split and use a maximum of 5 sets for larger muscle groups .
At this point your rep range should be between 8 - 12 .
Rest periods should never exceed 90 seconds .
It would be beneficial to rest only 60 seconds between sets but you will have to work up to that .
Finally the amount of weight you lift should not always increase from one workout to the next .
You should be able to easily perform a set using proper form with a certain weight for a couple of weeks before moving up .
Never just add weight for the sake of trying more .
Quality is the name of the game .
Mistake 7 : Not Using Proper Exercise Form
Exercise Guides Search for exercises & learn correct form with pictures & video guides !
Check it out !
As a personal trainer it was interesting to watch what I call the " the new year 's resolution gym goers . "
These are the people who rarely attend the gym but commonly use improper form .
Using improper form will likely lead to injury or nothing at all .
One common example is watching people do what I call " partial pull - ups " .
Instead of going all the way back down , many people just go down till their arms are at a 90 degree angle and back up .
You are pretty much not doing anything .
It is extremely dangerous to perform exercises such as squats or lunges with improper form as the chance of major knee injury is quite high .
Bodybuilding .com offers you a visual library of all the exercises that you will ever do .
Look at the pictures , read the descriptions , watch the videos and see how the exercise is performed using perfect form .
If you can afford it , employ a personal trainer at least for a little while until you get the hang of it .
As I mentioned above , quality is key .
Use the quality form and get quality results .
Related Video Proper Squating Techniques !
Watch The Video - 10:13
Mistake 8 : Not Balancing Weight Training And Cardio
Here is where the ladies and the gentlemen differ .
When young gals come into the gym they usually go right to the cardio machines .
They are known as the cardio bunnies .
When young guys come into the gym they go straight for the weights they are known as ' guys ' .
No cute name for us guys , we are just guys .
Guys hit the weights and the ladies do the cardio in the hopes to achieve their goals .
I am here to tell you that each sex is missing out when they do n't balance the weight lifting and cardio .
Ladies you can't get toned , lean muscle by just doing cardio .
You will burn up all the muscle that you have and end up looking skinny without the curves that us guys love .
Guys you can't get lean and ripped by just hitting the weight .
You need to do cardio to help melt away some of that body fat so the ladies can see your six pack .
" I just want to get big " some guys tell me .
Understandable , but you should know the most important muscles of all is your heart and lungs if they are not conditioned you will have to stop on sets shorter than you would otherwise had to if your cardiovascular system was in good condition .
I would perform 3 full body weight workouts a week with 3 - 4 30 minute cardio sessions a week .
Mistake 9 : Not Having A Plan
When you step foot in the gym you should always have a plan of what you are going to do .
I tell all beginners to keep a journal and write everything down in it .
They should have a workout split .
Which tell you what muscle groups you will be hitting on each day , a cardio schedule and also a detailed log of training results including sets , reps and weight .
Beginners fall in the trap of not planning ahead , they wait till they get to the gym and just do whatever they want .
This leads to a lack of direction and results will fall short .
Bodybuilding.com has 100's if not 1000's of great workout programs to choose from .
Pick one out or email what you have come up with and I will see if it is the right choice for you .
Mistake 10 : Forgetting About Nutrition
Now I know this article was supposed to be about the gym but I always have to bring up nutrition when I give advice to a beginner .
Nutrition is simply 90 % of the puzzle .
You can work your butt off performing the perfect workout plan , using the best form and the most intensity but unless your nutrition is sound then you will not get anywhere .
" Training and nutrition go hand and hand .
One cannot succeed without the other . "
Training and nutrition go hand and hand .
One can not succeed without the other .
Bodybuilding.com has 100's of article about nutrition , what you should eat and how much .
Put together a plan , email it to me and I will look it over and tell you what you need .
Do n't make the mistake of working hard in the gym only to waste all that hard work because you did n't want to eat a necessary healthy diet .
Take the time to eat healthy and the results will be two fold .
Conclusion
There you have it , 10 things you should look out for as a beginner .
Not only will this advice help you reach your goals quicker and without injury but it will also help you become a positive part of the gym community .
If you ever have any questions regard training , nutrition or supplementation use the search button on Bodybuilding .com as they have information on everything .
If you can't find it drop me an email and I will do my best to answer your questions or point you in the right direction .
Recommended For You
8 Unusual Arm Exercises You Have To Try !
Building a set of killer arms takes more than standard barbell curls and triceps press - downs .
Try these 8 unique arms exercises to blow your sleeves apart !
Building a set of killer arms takes more than standard barbell curls and triceps press - downs .
Try these 8 unique arms exercises to blow your sleeves apart !
Amateur Bodybuilder Of The Week : Engineering Student Learns The Science Of Shred !
Vinny took high school weight room lessons to a new level when he formulated a goal to compete .
See how he embraced bodybuilding science !
Vinny took high school weight room lessons to a new level when he formulated a goal to compete .
See how he embraced bodybuilding science !
Back in 2002 , research and analyst firm Gartner had this to say : " Tablet PCs will have a natural fit in many vertical applications that currently use pen-based tablets , " said Ken Dulaney , vice president and research area director for Gartner .
" However , a lack of application support , clumsy hardware designs , and a price premium will be barriers for most users . "
That 's still true even today .
Tablet manufacturers are doing things all wrong .
Poor usability has always been an issue since the dawn of tablets .
Consumer interest was only recently resurrected when rumors began about Apple releasing a tablet device , which ended up becoming true .
Most gruesomely , the iPad received not only praise -- mainly by Apple loyalists -- but also a ton of flack from PC users .
Then again , it 's not a perfect device in its own class and some Apple fans criticized it , too .
But hold the horses .
The industry went from " who gives a hoot " about tablets to " wow , the iPad sucks " in a mere two months ?
All of a sudden , people who never cared for tablets and slates suddenly had a lot to complain about with the iPad , as though they were really waiting for Apple to release the end - all , be - all tablet device and then were let down by Jobs and Co .
Would all the naysaysers have bought an iPad if it were made like competing tablets and came with a full copy of OS X ?
No , because they did n't buy the other " full - featured " tablets that were already on sale .
Just visit your favorite computer store or online retailer to see that the evidence for tablet popularity is blatant : there is no popularity .
Here 's why :
1. Tablets Are Niche Devices
Tablets are n't a new concept .
They 've been around for a long time .
But they have n't really caught on , simply because they 're unable to do everything you can do on a laptop -- and even a netbook -- in a more convenient way .
They 've shipped with stylus - pointing devices that were frankly not that easy to use , despite the whole pen and paper concept .
2. Full OSes Were Always
There , Yet Those Who Complained That The iPad Does n't Have One Still Never Bought One
Ever since tablets were usable , they 've had full operating systems , primarily Windows .
Microsoft at one point was pushing the whole tablet concept hard and it failed .
Why ?
Because full desktop / laptop operating systems do n't work on a tablet device .
They 're not designed from the ground up to be usable with your finger -- and even a stylus .
All user - interface mechanics on a full - blown OS are designed to work with a mouse , not your finger / stylus .
That looks fun to use with a stylus / finger .
Not .
This is why phones have interfaces designed specifically for usage on their screen sizes and device sizes .
Can you imagine pecking around with your finger on ultra - thin scroll bars and tiny buttons ?
Cramming a full desktop OS into a tablet is pure laziness .
Cramming a desktop OS into a tablet but rebuilding the user interface from the ground up ?
That 's what needs to be done .
Microsoft needs to accomplish this .
3. High - End Hardware Specs Sometimes Don't Matter
People complained about the iPad being underpowered compared to other tablets that came before it .
So what ?
All those tablets failed , never caught on , and ended up being forgotten .
Name one successful tablet from any company .
Take Archos tablets , for example , that was filled with features and had a full Windows OS .
Very few people have one , let alone know of or even care about the device .
In 2001 , Bill Gates said this : " Within five years , I predict it will be the most popular form of PC sold in America . "
Five years later , IDC said this : " Tablet PCs accounted for just 1.5 % of notebook PCs sold worldwide last year . "
That 's not 1.5 % of all PCs sold , that 's 1.5 % of notebook PCs .
Even Bill Gates was wrong .
By the end of 2008 , when tablets already surpassed what the iPad is today in terms of hardware , Archos shipped less than 15,000 units of its Wi -Fi+3G tablet worldwide , which is telling .
I personally know some people who bought one , only to never touch it again after two to three months of use because they " grew out of it . "
The point is n't to cram as much technology into a tablet as physically possible .
It 's far better to make the tablet really intuitive to use in a way that makes sense for that kind of form factor .
Something both Microsoft and the majority of tablet makers out there fail to do .
Yes , many tablets claim to offer the full " desktop experience " on a tablet , but that works in a counterintuitive way .
If I wanted the desktop experience , I would use a desktop .
Tablet makers : please , do n't try to pump insane hardware specs into your tablets and bloat up prices .
Design what makes sense for that form factor with a clear form - to - function goal in mind .
4. Interface , Interface , Interface
Using a stylus to navigate around a full - blown OS is hell if you 've ever had any long - term experience using a tablet and stylus combo .
When you navigate around the user interface , you have to use the stylus .
Then when you need to type , you have to put the stylus down and use your fingers or peck at the virtual keys with the thing .
Prior to multi- touch , the stylus was one of the number - one contributing factors why people eventually forgot about tablets .
People have 10 fingers , so design an interface that uses what we have already .
This is the number - one reason why the iPhone took off in such a big way .
Despite some popular belief , it is n't the Apple loyalty or marketing machine that made the iPhone what it is today .
It 's the fact that the iPhone OS and the excellent finger interface were designed well and people caught on to it .
The iPhone 's popularity was significantly driven by its ease of use and would still be popular today with or without Apple 's marketing machine .
This is why mobile phone OSes these days all have similar interfaces .
Even Microsoft had to eventually ditch its Windows Mobile and stylus - pecking interface for phones -- yet it still continues to be lazy on the tablet front .
5. Lack Of Tablet Apps
The fact that most tablets run on Windows or another non-tablet friendly OS means that pretty much most applications are not going to be tablet and finger friendly .
They 're all the same desktop apps that require a mouse and keyboard to be fully usable .
This is where things get really difficult to solve and Apple has a huge arsenal in the form of the App store .
The only thing that can help give Apple competition is if Microsoft steps up its game and develops an app ecosystem with tons of apps that are designed from the ground up to be used by normal citizens .
To catch on , Microsoft needs to grab the mindshare of not savvy computer users , but mainstream users -- all the people you and I know and for whom we have to fix computer problems .
Then the more technical apps will follow .
Microsoft needs to capture the larger piece of the pie first to generate attraction , which is something it has failed to do with Windows for its tablet PC .
Take clues from what Apple has done with its office productivity suite : Apple literally had to redesign and retool iWork from scratch with a brand - new user interface designed specifically for easy tablet use .
Buying a regular tablet and installing Microsoft Office 2007 on it will have you switching back to your notebook or desktop in no time .
It 's counter intuitive and simply not " fun " to use .
HP demonstrated its Slate earlier this year to a crowd at CES .
On the form - factor and spec front , it was great .
At its heart though , was a full copy of Windows 7 with a virtual keyboard .
I 'll be the first to say it but the iSlate is going to be a flop and it's not going to be all HP 's fault .
Microsoft , HP , Archos , and other tier - one manufacturers need to band together and come up with an interface for Windows that makes sense for tablets .
And since Microsoft is the OS supplier , it needs to get its act together and make this happen .
Otherwise , it 'll be 2001 all over again , except Apple will be the king of tablets -- and no one wants a monopoly .
If you 're interested , check out this interview with Bill Gates with InformationWeek about the " Tablet PC " and see how vision means nothing without proper design , execution , and cohesiveness .
SEATTLE – Scientists at Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center have cleared a major technical hurdle to making umbilical - cord - blood transplants a more widely - used method for treating leukemia and other blood cancers .
In a study published in the Jan.17 edition of Nature Medicine , Colleen Delaney , M.D. , and colleagues describe the first use of a method to vastly expand the number of stem / progenitor cells from a unit of cord blood in the laboratory that were then infused into patients resulting in successful and rapid engraftment .
The relatively small number of stem cells in cord blood units ( about one - 10th the number a patient receives from a conventional transplant ) has been a reason that cord blood transplants take much longer to engraft than standard stem cell transplants from donors .
The longer the engraftment takes , the higher the risk is that immunocompromised patients will acquire life - threatening infections because they have essentially no white blood cells to fight them .
Despite the numbers disadvantage , cord blood is a promising source of stem cells to replace diseased blood and immune systems in stem cell transplantation because the donated cells do n't need to be perfectly matched to the patient .
The lack of a suitable match is why about 30 percent of patients overall who need a stem cell transplant to treat cancers such as leukemia can't find suitable donors .
Among racial - minority patients the number who cannot find suitable donors is about 95 percent .
The use of expanded cord blood cells could decrease the risk of early death , which is higher in patients receiving a cord - blood transplant without expanded cells .
Further clinical trials and technological improvements are needed to verify the efficacy of cord blood transplants that use expanded cells , the authors said .
" The real ground - breaking aspect of this research is that we have shown that you can manipulate stem / progenitor cells in the lab with the goal of increasing their numbers .
When given to a person , these cells can rapidly give rise to white blood cells and other components of the blood system , " said Delaney , an assistant member in the Hutchinson Center 's Clinical Research Division and an assistant professor in the Department of Pediatrics at the University of Washington School of Medicine
The stem cell expansion was possible by activating the Notch signaling pathway in the stem cells .
This approach was developed by Irwin Bernstein , M.D. , a member of the Hutchinson Center 's Clinical Research Division , and was initially published in Nature Medicine in 2000 .
A decade of work ensued resulting in successful translation of the laboratory findings to patients in a clinical setting .
Delaney and colleagues built upon Bernstein 's earlier work by engineering a protein that can be used in the lab to activate the Notch signaling pathway in stem cells and manipulate the cells in tissue culture to expand in quantity .
This successful laboratory method for expanding the number of stem / progenitor cells from a single unit of cord blood resulted in an average 164 - fold increase in the number of CD34 + cells , a type of hematopoietic stem cell .
Such cells are multipotent and give rise to all types of blood cells .
Delaney said that a typical unit of cord blood usually contains less than 200,000 stem cells per kilogram of body weight of the recipient patient .
In contrast , the expanded units contained on average 6 million CD34 + cells per kilogram of body weight , which is on par with conventional transplant sources .
The current study also describes the outcomes of 10 patients in an ongoing phase 1 clinical trial who received two units of cord blood to treat high - risk , acute leukemia .
Each patient received one unit of non-manipulated cord blood and one in which the cells were expanded in the lab .
Researchers evaluated the safety of infusing the expanded cells as well as how long it took to reconstitute the blood system , how durable the transplants were and which cord blood unit contributed the most to engraftment .
The age range of the patients was 3 to 43 .
The results to date show that on average it took 14 days for the transplanted cells to engraft , versus an average of four weeks when non-expanded units of cord blood were used .
Seven of the 10 patients are still alive with no evidence of disease and with sustained , complete donor engraftment .
Tests revealed that the recovery of white blood cells early post transplant were derived predominantly from the expanded cord blood unit .
Source : Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center
You can always count on Evan Bayh to act like a typical gutless conservaDem .
As usual , he draws the wrong lessons from the loss in Massachusetts and takes his cues from Fox and David Broder .
What is the lesson of Massachusetts – where Democrats face the prospects of losing a Senate seat they ’ve held since 1952 ?
For Senator
Bayh the lesson is that the party pushed an agenda that is too far to the left , alienating moderate and independent voters .
“ It ’s why moderates and independents even in a state as Democratic as Massachusetts just are n’t buying our message , ” he said .
“ They just do n’t believe the answers we are currently proposing are solving their problems .
That ’s something that has to be corrected . ”
Bayh pointed that it ’s not just Massachusetts .
Independents also rejected Democratic gubernatorial candidates in New Jersey and Virginia in November . “ The only we are able to govern successfully in this country is by liberals and progressives making common cause with independents and moderates , ” Bayh said .
“ Whenever you have just the furthest left elements of the Dem party attempting to impose their will on the rest of the country -- that ’s not going to work too well . ”
How about this lesson :
If the Senate had n't bowed down to the almighty health - insurance industry and come up with a decent health - care bill that excited the Democratic base , maybe Massachusetts voters would have come out in droves and honored the legacy of Teddy Kennedy .
That 's backed up by a poll just released of those voters from Democracy for America :
Illuminated Guru Granth folio with nisan ( Mool Mantar ) of Guru Gobind Singh .
Collection of Takht Sri Harimandir Sahib , Patna .
The Guru Granth Sahib ( Punjabi : ਗੁਰੂ ਗ੍ਰੰਥ ਸਾਹਿਬ ) , also known as the Adi Granth , is the primary Holy Book of the Sikhs .
and is consulted for religious guidance in all aspects of life .
Composed during the period of Sikh Gurus , from 1469 to 1708 , the Guru Granth Sahib is a voluminous text of 1430 pages that was compiled by the fifth Sikh Guru , Guru Arjan Dev ( 1563-1606 ) , from hymns of the previous Sikh Gurus and other great saints of the Hindu and Muslim traditions .
The original scribe of the Adi Granth was Bhai Gurdas and later Bhai Mani Singh .
After the demise of the tenth Sikh Guru many handwritten copies were prepared for distribution by Baba Deep Singh .
The Holy Book is organized in the form of hymns written in praise of God , which describe God 's nature [ 1 ] and the right way to live .
Written in the Gurmukhi script , the Holy Book contains many languages including Braj , Old Punjabi , Khariboli , Sanskrit and Persian .
Guru Gobind Singh ( 1666 -1708 ) , the tenth Guru in Sikh tradition , affirmed the sacred text Adi Granth as his successor , ending the line of human Gurus , and elevating the text to leadership of the Sikh community .
From that point on , the text remained not only the holy scripture of the Sikhs , but is also regarded by them as the living embodiment of the their Ten Gurus . [ 2 ]
Meaning and role in Sikhism
Did you know ?
The " Guru Granth Sahib " or " Adi Granth , " the Holy Book of the Sikhs , is considered to be divine revelation
Sikhs consider the Guru Granth Sahib to be the highest authority within the community , and the Holy Book plays a central role in Sikh devotional and ritual life .
[ 3 ]
The place of the Guru Granth Sahib in Sikh devotional life is based on two fundamental principles or beliefs : first , the text is considered to be divine revelation , [ 4 ] hence it cannot be changed ; second , all answers regarding religion and morality are believed to be be discovered within the text .
The hymns and teachings contained in the Sikh holy book are called Gurbani or " Word of the Guru " and sometimes Dhurbani or " Word of God . "
Thus , in Sikh theology , the revealed divine word is the Guru . [ 5 ]
Because the scripture inherited this authority from Sikh Gurus , it is called Guru Granth , meaning " Guru Book . "
The work of the numerous holy men who contributed to the Guru Granth Sahib is collectively referred to as Bhagat Bani or " Word of Saints . "
These saints belonged to different social and religious backgrounds , including Hinduism and Islam .
Although the Sikh Bhagats ( devotees / saints ) are not accorded the status of Guru in Sikhism , their work is equally revered as that of Sikh Gurus and no distinction is made between the work of a Sikh Bhagat and a Sikh Guru .
The essence of these doctrines is that the Guru Granth Sahib , which contains the complete teachings of the Sikh Gurus , is the sole and final successor of the line of Gurus .
Anyone claiming the status of living Guru is considered a heretic . [ 6 ]
History
The Adi Granth was first installed in Golden Temple
The work of transcribing the teachings of Guru Nanak , the first Guru and founder of Sikhism , began during his lifetime . [ 7 ]
When Guru Angad became the second Guru of Sikhs , Guru Nanak gave him his collection of hymns and teachings in the form of a " pothi " ( manuscript ) .
Guru Angad added 63 of his own compositions and subsequently handed the enlarged manuscript to the third Guru , Amar Das .
Guru Amar
Das prepared a number of manuscripts , which he supplemented with 974 of his own compositions , as well as the works of various Bhagats ( devotees / saints ) .
These manuscripts , known as Goindwal pothis , mention the message of Guru Amar Das as to why the Bhagat Bani was included and how the Bhagats were influenced by Guru Nanak . [ 7 ]
The fourth Guru also composed hymns and preserved them in a pothi .
The fifth Guru , Arjan Dev , in order to consolidate the Bani ( Divine word ) of earlier Gurus and to prevent spurious compositions creeping into the original text , decided to compile the Adi Granth . [ 7 ]
The ancient Sikh manuscript Tawarikh Guru Khalsa mentions that Guru Arjan Dev issued a Hukamnamah ( official order ) , asking anyone who could contribute to do so .
All of the sourcing and content of the Bani of the earlier Gurus as well as that of the Bhagats was reviewed .
Guru Arjan
Dev 's examination of the text sought to order and affirm the authenticity of the existing revelation .
[ 7 ]
Guru Arjan started the work of compiling the Adi Granth early in 1599 . [ 8 ]
The final prepared volume is known as Adi Granth , or " original volume . "
It was written by Bhai Gurdas , under the direct supervision of Guru Arjan , who dictated the text .
It included the compositions of the first four Sikh Gurus , to which were added those of the fifth Sikh Guru , Arjan Dev .
The Adi Granth also contained the compositions of 15 Bhagats , 17 Bhatts ( " bards , " or traditional composers ) , and four others such as Bhai Mardana , a lifelong companion of Guru Nanak .
The Adi Granth took five years to complete and was installed in Harmandir Sahib ( " the abode of God " ) , popularly known as the Golden Temple , on September 1 , 1604 , with Baba Buddha as the first Granthi . [ 8 ]
This original volume is presently in Kartarpur and bears the signature of the Guru Arjan . [ 9 ]
This master copy was initially in the possession of Guru Hargobind , but was stolen by one of his grandsons , Dhir Mal , who wanted to lay claim to the title of Guru of Sikhs .
The Sikhs , about 30 years later , recovered it forcibly and were made to return it on the order of the ninth Guru , Tegh Bahadur .
Every year on the occasion of Vaisakhi the original Adi Granth , known as Kartarpur pothi , is displayed by the descendants of Dhir Mal in Kartarpur .
The final composition of Adi Granth was prepared by Guru Gobind Singh with the scribe Bhai Mani Singh at Talwandi Sabo ( renamed as Damdama Sahib ) .
Guru Gobind Singh added the hymns composed by Guru Tegh Bahadur [ 10 ] but excluded his own .
There is mention of Guru Gobind Singh 's holding an " Akhand Path " ( continued recital of Guru Granth Sahib ) .
[ 8 ]
From Talwandi Sabo , Guru Gobind Singh went to Deccan .
While at Nanded , Guru Gobind Singh installed the final version prepared by him as the perpetual Guru of Sikhs in 1708 .
Composition
The Sikh Gurus developed a new writing system , Gurmukhi , for writing their sacred literature .
Although the exact origins of the script are unknown , [ 11 ] it is believed to have existed in an elementary form during the time of Guru Nanak .
According to Sikh tradition , Guru Angad is said to have invented the script and popularized its use among the Sikhs .
It is stated in Mahman Prakash , an early Sikh manuscript , that the script was invented by Guru Angad at the suggestion of Guru Nanak during the lifetime of the founder . [ 12 ]
The word Gurmukh_ translates as " from the mouth of the Guru . "
The script was used , from the onset , for compiling Sikh scriptures .
The Sikhs assign high degree of sanctity to Gurmukh_ language script . [ 13 ]
The Gurmukh_ language Script is also the official script for the Indian State of Punjab .
Adi granth , by Pratap Singh Giani , located on the first floor of Harimandir Sahib
The end part of the handwritten , by Pratap Singh Giani , located on the first floor of Harimandir Sahib
The Guru Granth Sahib is divided into fourteen hundred and thirty pages known as Angs ( limbs ) in Sikh tradition .
The composition is divided on the basis musical settings called Ragas . [ 14 ]
The structural composition of Guru Granth Sahib can be divided into two different sections :
The introductory section that consists the Mul Mantra , Japji and Sohila composed by Guru Nanak
The arrangement of compositions of Sikh Gurus followed by that of Sikh Bhagats who know only God , occurring according to chronology of Ragas or musical settings .
A raga is a complex structure of musical melody used in Indian classical music .
It is a set of rules of how to build a melody which can ignite a certain mood in the reciter and listeners .
The Guru Granth Sahib is composed in and divided by 60 ragas .
Each raga is a chapter or section , starting with Asaa raag , and all the hymns produced in Asaa raag are found in this section ordered chronologically by the Guru or other Bhagat that have written hymns in that raga .
Sanctity among Sikhs
The Mool Mantar in the handwriting of Guru Har Rai
Sikhs observe total sanctity of the text in the Guru Granth Sahib .
No one can change or alter any of the writings of the Sikh Gurus written in Guru Granth Sahib .
This includes sentences , words , structure , grammar etc .
This total sanctity was observed by the Gurus themselves .
Guru Har Rai had disowned his elder son , Ram Rai , because he had altered the wording of one of Guru Nanak 's hymn . [ 15 ]
Ram Rai had been sent to Delhi , by Guru Har Rai , to explain Gurbani to Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb .
In order to please the Emperor he altered the wording of hymns of Guru Nanak .
The matter was reported to the Guru , who was displeased with his son and disowned him .
Later when aged , Ram Rai was forgiven by Guru Gobind Singh .
Translations
Translations of the Guru Granth Sahib are available .
However , most Sikhs believe that an accurate translation from the language of the Sikh Gurus , Gurmukhi , is not possible .
Translations only give entry - level understanding of the Guru Granth Sahib to those who otherwise may not have had the opportunity to learn Gurmukh_ ( literally " from the mouth of the Gurus " ) .
A Sikh is encouraged to learn Gurmukhi to fully experience and understand the Guru Granth Sahib .
Sikhs believe that it is necessary to learn Gurmukhi , designed and used by the Sikh Gurus , to fully understand and appreciate the message of the Guru Granth Sahib .
Recitation
Guru Granth Sahib A Granthi reciting from
The Guru Granth Sahib is always placed in the centre of a Gurudwara and placed on raised platform , known as Takht ( throne ) .
The Guru Granth is given the greatest respect and honour .
Sikhs cover their heads and remove their shoes while in the presence of Guru Granth .
Before coming into it 's presence , they bathe and bow before the Guru Granth .
The Guru Granth is always carried on head and never touched with un - washed hands . [ 16 ]
The Guru Granth Sahib is always the focal point in any Gurudwara .
It is attended with all signs of royalty , as was the custom with Sikh Gurus , and is placed upon a throne and the congregation sits on the floor .
It is waved upon by a chaur ( type of fan ) which is made of fine material and a canopy is always placed over it .
The devotees bow before the Guru and offer Karah Prashad ( sacred food ) or money to it . [ 16 ]
The Guru Granth Sahib is taken care of by a Granthi .
He is responsible for reciting hymns from Guru Granth and leading the Sikh congregation in prayer .
The Granthi also acts as the caretaker of Guru Granth Sahib .
An important function of the Granthi is to put Guru Granth Sahib to bed every night .
Before doing this , he must recite the night prayer known as Kirtan Sohila , which is composed by Guru Nanak , the founder of Sikh religion .
Guru Granth Sahib is placed in a bed known as Manji Sahib , and covered with soft quilts and clean cloths .
Small cushions are also placed alongside to support its large size .
It is kept covered in silken cloths , known as Rumala , to protect from heat , dust , pollution etc .
It rests on a manji sahib under a rumala until brought out again . [ 16 ]
Printing
Before the twentieth century , only hand written copies of Guru Granth Sahib were prepared .
The first printed copy of Guru Granth Sahib was made in 1864 .
Since the early twentieth century , the Guru Granth Sahib has a standard 1,430 pages .
The Sri Guru Granth Sahib ji is currently printed in an authorized printing press in the basement of the Gurdwara Ramsar in Amritsar .
However , there are a number of unauthorized copies of Sri Guru Granth Sahib ji .
Any misprints of the sacred text are cremated . [ 17 ]
Message of Guru Granth Sahib
The Guru Granth Sahib provides guidance and advice to the whole of the human race about how to live a life in peace , tranquility and spiritual enlightenment .
Its main themes are as follows :
There is only One God All Peoples of the World are Equal Women are Equal with Men Speak and Live Truthfully Control the Five Vices Live in God 's Hukam ( Universal Laws ) Meditiate on the name of God ( Remember God ) Practise Humility , Kindness , Compassion , and Love .
Care and Protocol to be Observed
Personal Behavior
Any person in the presence of the Adi Granth must observe the following :
One 's head must be covered at all times .
One 's shoes must be removed outside the Guru 's room .
Basic standards of personal hygiene are to be observed .
Eating or drinking while in service is strictly avoided .
A respectful attitude towards others who are present must be held .
Environment
The room should be kept clean .
The clothes that are used to cover Guru Granth are kept clean and changed daily .
Some people choose to use decorated cloth , but this is not necessary .
The Guru Granth Sahib should always be placed on a Manji Sahib ( small throne ) .
A canopy is always to be placed over the Guru Granth Sahib .
A Chaur Sahib is to be provided beside the Guru Granth with a small platform to house the Karah Parshad ( sacramental food ) and other offerings .
On the move
While the Guru is being transported the following protocol is to be observed :
Five initiated Sikhs accompany the Guru Granth at all times when traveling .
Another Sikh does Chaur Sahib Seva .
The main Sikh carrying the Guru must put a clean Rumalla on his or her head before placing the Holy Book on this Rumalla .
At all times , the Guru should be covered with a small Rumalla so that the Guru's Saroop is always fully covered .
There should be regular recitation of " Waheguru . "
A kamarkassa ( waist band ) should be tied around Sri Guru Granth Sahib ji .
Other considerations
No one should sit on a platform that is higher than the Guru Granth Sahib .
Notes
References
Topics in Sikhism Gurus : Guru Nanak Dev | Guru Angad Dev | Guru Amar Das | Guru Ram Das | Guru Arjan Dev | Guru Har Gobind | Guru Har Rai | Guru Har Krishan | Guru Teg Bahadur | Guru Gobind Singh | Sikh Bhagats Philosophy : Beliefs and principles | Underlying values | Prohibitions | Technique and methods |
Other observations Practices : Ardās | Amrit | Chaṛdī Kalā | Dasvand | Five Ks | Kirat Karō | Kirtan | Langar | Nām Japō | Simran | Three Pillars | Vaṇḍ Chakkō Scripture : Guru Granth Sahib | Dasam Granth | Sarab Loh Granth | Bani | Chaupai | Jaap Sahib | Japji Sahib | Mool Mantar | Rehras | Sukhmani | Tav- Prasad Savaiye More : Ek Onkar | Gurdwara | History | Khalsa | Khanda | Literature | Music | Names | Places | Politics | Satguru | Sikhs | Waheguru
Ever looked at a wine bottle to admire its shape , color , or translucent qualities ?
These features should n't go to waste in the recycling bin .
Here 's a fun how - to that can reuse and transform wine bottles into something REALLY worth eyeballing .
Get all the info and tools for this killer DIY project after the jump :
I recently became curious about cutting wine bottles , I think it is because I live in a area that has a lot of wineries .
I did a little snooping on the web to see what was out there that could cut bottles .
I visited a few forums and people said not to buy a plastic one but to buy the old school one that is made from metal .
I found Ephrems Old Time Bottle Cutting Kit on eBay .
Here are a few tips and tricks I learned on the way :
The bottle has to be perfectly round to roll on the rollers Clean off all of the labels , you can cut through painted glass just fine Adjust to your desired length and firmly hold the bottle while you rotate it towards yourself .
Do not go over the scored glass more than once .
If you go over your score more than once you will create deeper cuts that could result in pathways for the glass to take off on Slowly roll your scored glass above a candle heating it up .
The thicker the bottle the hotter you should get it .
It should be too hot to rest your finger on .
Instead of rolling the score with an ice cube I found a better way .
Get a bucket or something that will hold ice water tall enough to cover your score vertically .
When you feel the bottle is hot enough place the bottle in the ice water vertically and pop the bottle will split almost perfectly every time .
Now you have cut your first bottle .
You now have to deal with the sharp edge .
I simply took my hand sander and used a little water and wet sanded the edge .
After I cut my first bottle I thought , how can I make these more unique ?
I have access to a sand blaster , so I had some lettering and shapes cut at my local vinyl shop and applied them .
I had them blasted then remove the vinyl and I was left these beautiful raised translucent shapes .
I really do n't see these as drinking glasses but more for your bathroom toothbrush or a fancy pen holder .
Someone suggested you could put a candle in them as well , I think that could look pretty cool with the more detailed designs .
Most people may not have access to a sand blaster but there is always acid etching or I think there is a spray that can mimic this look .
What 's next ?
I have a few ideas for some light fixtures I may try .
For more ideas on how to use Mid-Century Modern inspired design in your own home , check out Curbly 's MCM how - to manual , Make It !
Mid-Century Modern .
Craving more DIY projects ?
Try one of these typographic wall art ideas :
Cheyenne Mountain Entertainment started reading Chapter 11 last month , and now a court - appointed official has taken control of the company 's assets , which includes Stargate Resistance .
The game has been sold off and will continue to be supported .
Advertisement
Cheyenne Mountain , however , sounds like it has gone clank .
It has less than $ 10,000 in the bank ( so do I ! ) with debts , liabilities and obligations north of $ 16 million , $ 1.1 million of that in payroll obligations going back a full year .
So Stargate Resistance , which released Feb. 10 , has been sold to a new company created by Cheyenne Mountain shareholders .
They 've continued with post - release support for the game , even rolling out an update yesterday .
When the company filed for bankruptcy protection last month it blamed the decision to do so on its former chairman and CEO , alleging shady dealings that sent payments to a shell company he owns and reneged on the terms and payments of a stock purchase .
At the time , the company indicated that the bankruptcy filing could have been pulled back .
But if a court has come in to manage and / or sell off the company 's property , it looks like game over .
Cheyenne Mountain Entertainment All But Dead ; Stargate Resistance Sold On [ VE3D ]
The Phoenix Police Department 's internal affairs unit is investigating an incident early Friday in which an officer threw City Councilman Michael Johnson to the ground and temporarily handcuffed him as the councilman tried to check on a disabled neighbor whose South Phoenix home was on fire .
Johnson , a former police officer and homicide detective , said in an interview Friday morning that he believed the police " abused their power " in the incident .
Later Friday , he also released a formal statement saying he planned " to sit down with our chief and discuss the treatment of residents by our police .
I 'm sure this does n't happen all the time , but it happens enough .
And it happens to people who can't say something or who do n't know who they can turn to . "
At a news conference Friday morning , Police Chief Jack Harris and City Manager David Cavazos said they take Johnson 's allegations very seriously and will take appropriate action once the facts are known .
Harris said that he asked police department 's Professional Standards Bureau to launch an investigation almost immediately after he was informed of the altercation .
Officer Brian Authement , 27 , is a two - year veteran of Phoenix police assigned to the midnight shift at South Mountain Precinct .
He was placed on paid administrative leave as the police department considers Johnson 's allegation .
" These use of force issues are very , very serious issues , very serious allegations of misconduct , " Harris said , " and we will investigate this allegation of misconduct the same as anyone else in our community that came forward and said that they felt they were not treated appropriately or that excessive force was used by officers in my department . "
While Council member Peggy Neely said she respects law - enforcement officials who put their lives on the line every day , she and Councilman Michael Nowakowski called on Cavazos to hold an executive session � a closed - door meeting � on Monday to make it clear that the council will not tolerate abuse by police officers .
" I think this is a symptom of a larger problem , of the attitude of the way our police are allowed to operate , " Neely told The Republic .
" We 're going to review how we got where we 're at and push to make sure adequate change happens , and the decision of what happens is up to Mr. Cavazos . "
At the press conference , a reporter asked if race played a role in the incident .
Both of the officers involved were White and Johnson is the sole African American on the nine - member council .
City officials said it was too early to say if race was a factor .
And Johnson , standing in the driveway of the charred remains of his neighbor 's home , said Authement 's actions were more of a concern than skin color .
Johnson worked for Phoenix Police for 21 years before he retired in the late 1990s .
He patrolled South Phoenix as a young officer and went on to represent his largely Black and Latino district on Phoenix City Council .
Phoenix police Sgt. Trent Crump , Harris and other department leaders reiterated that internal affairs investigators would look at all aspects of the incident to determine whether Authement was within his legal rights or if he breached department policy .
" We have to know what the officer said and knew at the time before we can jump to any conclusions , " Crump said .
Crump added that the department decided to place Authement on leave based on the heightened political pressure of the investigation .
He said the department would consider moving the officer to another precinct .
" I do n't believe the officer recognized the councilman , " said Assistant Chief Jeri Williams , who oversees all patrols on the south side of the city .
" The arresting officer perceived ( that ) the councilman was n't doing what he asked him to do , but ( the councilman ) was told by Fire that he could speak to occupants of the residence . "
The Phoenix Fire Department received a call at 4:07 a.m. that flames were coming from a single - family residence near 18th Street and Darrel Road , north of Baseline Road .
The blaze , which gutted the house , was extinguished at about 4:34 a.m .
Somewhere within that time frame , Johnson awoke to lights and sirens and walked outside to investigate .
He was told not to get near his neighbor 's home but to stand in front of his own house , which he said he did .
When a fire battalion chief arrived , Johnson said , he asked if he could approach the blaze two houses down .
He said he was concerned about his neighbor 's safety .
According to Johnson , he was given permission by a fire official to move closer .
Phoenix Fire Battalion Chief Vertis Castleberry said Johnson had a brief conversation with a fire captain at the scene before he moved closer to his neighbor 's house amid the chaos of the 30 - minute firefighting effort .
Castleberry and the captain , who was behind the wheel of a battalion SUV , were primarily focused on listening to radio traffic as crews worked to put out the fire .
" He talked to ( the captain ) really briefly , " Castleberry said .
" As to what happened , I 'd only be speculating .
But what an unfortunate situation . "
Authement and another officer were standing nearby as Johnson approached .
According to the councilman 's version of events , Authement began pushing him back with a hand to the chest .
Johnson said he pleaded with the officer , saying he had permission from a battalion chief to be there and did n't understand why he was being pushed away .
He said he was not confrontational .
" The other officer was calling ( Authement ) by his first name , telling him to calm down , " Johnson told The Republic .
As Johnson pleaded his case and asked to see the officer 's supervisor , he said , the officer told him , " That 's not the way we do it out here , " then threw him to the street face down and cuffed him .
" I was just trying to check on my neighbor .
I was n't interfering with anything , " Johnson said .
Johnson , who is recovering from prostate surgery , was left in handcuffs for roughly 10 minutes until several other fire department officials approached and recognized him , prompting his release .
When police asked him to stand , Johnson said he told them he could not because of his recent surgery .
" I am humiliated and in complete disbelief of what just transpired , " Johnson said in his written statement , which was read by his chief of staff , Adora Lewis .
Mariama Thiam - Demba , 58 , a neighbor who has lived in the area for more than 10 years , corroborated Johnson 's version of events .
" He came out of his house to see what 's happening in the neighborhood , and he was accosted by police .
It 's not right , " Thiam - Demba said .
Johnson , who spent part of his police career covering the same precinct where he lives , later was joined at his home by Williams and Cavazos .
" I requested , and the chief requested , that we investigate what happened , " Williams said .
Johnson said the incident has heightened his concern that occasional citizen complains about police misconduct might be well - founded .
" For years now , I have received calls from residents complaining about police harassment , abuse of power � and in some cases , brutality , " he said in his formal statement .
" I retired from the Phoenix Police Department and could n't believe it .
How could our police officers harass the very people they promised to protect and serve ? "
" If this was any other resident , they would be in jail right now .
And for what ?
Trying to be a good Samaritan and doing absolutely nothing wrong . "
I have some great news for everyone today .
As you can see by the title of this article , OpenShot is now officially included in the Ubuntu 10.04 ( Lucid Lynx ) repository .
If you have an alpha version of Lucid , you can already find it in the Software Center .
Just search for " openshot " .
A big thanks to Benjamin Drung , who helped me improve the packaging and guided me on what to do each step of the way .
Also , thanks to the hundreds of supporters who voted on the Ubuntu bug report for OpenShot packaging .
We were the # 2 bug on Ubuntu 's Launchpad page ( based on the number of users affected ) .
Even though we are now included in the Ubuntu repository , we still need to get included in Debian .
We are searching for a Debian sponsor , who can help us upload the " openshot " package into Debian .
If you are a Debian developer , please consider helping out our project and sponsoring us .
=) Details on the " openshot " package can be found on mentors.debian.net
Share
Final Fantasy XIII , the latest in the long - running RPG series , is one of the year ’s most highly anticipated games .
Tech Digest recently got to have a chat with FFXIII ‘s director Motomu Toriyama ( MT ) and producer Yoshinori Kitase ( YK ) , getting their views on western RPG ’s such as Mass Effect and the possibility of a Final Fantasy VII remake .
For the last decade the Final Fantasy series has been closely associated with the PlayStation brand .
What influenced the decision to bring Microsoft and the Xbox 360 on board as well this time ?
YK : To start with , from the viewpoint of the developing teams , our environment is now right for making multi-platform games .
Also , as the Xbox 360 is becoming more popular across the world , we ’d like as a great a number of players as possible to enjoy Final Fantasy XIII .
We also want to open this up to players in Taiwan and other areas as well
There are obviously differences in power and what you can achieve with the PS3 and the Xbox 360 , particularly in terms of disk capacity .
Did that cause any problems during the cross-platform development ?
YK : The PS3 version will come on just one Blu-ray disc , whereas the Xbox version will be spread across three DVDs .
We had a hard time allocating all the information onto three DVDs , but we feel like we ’ve done a good job .
The player will only have to exchange discs twice across the course of the game , so we feel the difference is n’t too intrusive on the Xbox 360 .
In a sense the disc changing adds to the feeling of progression in its own way I suppose ?
I can remember being very excited about reaching a new disc on the old PlayStation Final Fantasies !
YK : ( Laughs ) Yes , I suppose that is true !
Final Fantasy XIII feels like a strong blend between classic elements of the series and brand new mechanics .
There ’s a far more fluid and familiar battle system , compared to the MMO feel of Final Fantasy XII .
Was it a conscious decision to move away from the fights seen in Final Fantasy XII ?
YK : The battle scenes in Final Fantasy XII had their own merits and were great in their own right , particularly in how seamless the transition from the field to the fight was .
The downside is , because of that , both the field map data and the battle system data had to be squashed into a limited amount of memory for it to work .
As a result , though it was seamless , it was sometimes lacking in the “ wow ” factor previous Final Fantasy games have had .
We set out to create something with a greater visual impact , something more spectacular that is only possible when you separate the field and the battle data .
It may not be quite as seamless as what you ’ve seen in Final Fantasy XII , but it will be a lot more visually captivating .
With the emphasis on engaging visuals in mind then , lets talk a little bit about the characters .
Tetsuya Nomura ( Final Fantasy V , VI , VII , VIII , X ) has designed the characters again .
Is he given a tight brief when it comes to the look of each character , or is he given free reign to take the character designs where he pleases ?
MT : The story and the characters cannot exist on their own , so we set up a basic concept for both the story and the characters in the beginning .
We present these to Mr. Nomura and we get his feedback , and then we work out any minor adjustments to the look of each characters as each new idea or problem arises .
What drives you to make a new Final Fantasy game ?
The progression to more powerful hardware , or perhaps a good story or battle concept ?
MT : To start with there are two important factors we have to make decisions on : what is the in - game universe that we want to depict and then , yes , what is the battle system we want to develop .
Once we have those in place it all just picks up from there .
The in - game universes to previous Final Fantasy games have had pretty well defined cinematic influences .
Does anything jump to mind that influenced the art direction of Final Fantasy XIII ?
MT : The in - game universe this time around is quite fantasy based , but also futuristic at the same time .
We never really had any particular reference points for Final Fantasy XIII , in terms of places where we drew inspiration from .
That said , we ’re a little suspicious that the world famous Avatar movie might have take inspiration from us !
I thought that too !
How about western RPGs like Mass Effect and Fallout 3 ?
They ’ve become very popular , particularly in western countries .
What do you think of the more action - orientated direction of western RPG developers ?
How do they stand up against traditional Japanese RPGs ?
MT : Mass Effect and Fallout allow the players to play with more freedom , and within their story - lines it is quite successful .
But we ’re more interested in things such as first person shooters like Call of Duty .
They give a better sense of tension on the battlefield .
We some times draw inspiration from those sorts of games .
It ’s not just RPGs but FPS titles that get us excited .
You both worked on Final Fantasy VII , a game very close to my heart !
There are always rumours of a possible Final Fantasy VII remake , but would you personally like to see it happen ?
Do you think a remake is even necessary ?
YK : IF it were possible that we had all the right facilities and the right environment to be able to make and prepare a Final Fantasy VII remake within a year , we ’d very much like a go at it !
But even Final Fantasy XIII has taken over three and a half years to create .
If we were to recreate final Fantasy VII with the same level of graphical detail as you see in Final Fantasy XIII , we ’d imagine that that would take as much as three or four times longer than the three and a half years it has taken to put this Final Fantasy together !
So it ’s looking pretty unrealistic !
But if any such situation came about by any remote chance , then yes , we ’d do it !
I suppose we could always use a Haste spell to speed up the process !
Thank you very much for your time .
Final Fantasy XIII will be released on the Xbox 360 and PS3 on March 9th .
For latest tech stories go to TechDigest.
tv
Share this : Email
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Print
Reddit
Twitter
Tumblr
Pocket
Like this : Like Loading ...
A Filipina tourist has demanded an apology from Australian officials after she was wrongly imprisoned for importing iced tea mistaken for amphetamines .
Maria Silva spent six days in Melbourne 's notorious custody centre after the bungle at Melbourne Airport on Saturday , when a sniffer dog indicated she had drugs in her luggage .
The 29 - year - old wedding planner told radio station 3 AW today that she suffered flashbacks to her time in jail , and had developed a fear of being alone .
She said no one had apologised for her jail ordeal , despite the charge against her being dropped in Melbourne Magistrates Court yesterday .
HELLO !
We 're in the process of updating our library and this title has either been removed or is still on its way .
Want to find another great book ?
Browse our library
Slide 1 of 12 ,
The U - 2 spy plane , the high - flying aircraft that was often at the heart of cold war suspense , is enjoying an encore .
Lt. Col. Rob Wehner brought one in for a landing at Beale Air Force Base in California .
Max Whittaker for The New York Times
During the tsunami of bicentennial celebrations of Charles Darwin ’s 200th birthday in February , I visited the fringes of evolutionary skepticism to better understand how one of science ’s grandest theories could still be doubted .
Noah ’s Ark Zoo Farm in Bristol , England , is run by a kindly gentleman named Anthony Bush , who insisted that I not confuse him with those “ loony American creationists ” who think that Earth is only 6,000 years old .
“ How old do you think it is ? ” I queried .
“ Oh , I ’ve worked it out to be around 100,000 years old , with Adam and Eve at around 21,000 years old . ”
( At an order of magnitude difference that makes Mr. Bush only five zeros shy of reality . )
What about , I pressed on , all the geologic evidence for a much older Earth ?
All those strata of , say , sandstone — loose sand compressed into solid rock over immense periods ?
Those strata are laid down every season , like tree rings , Bush explained .
Interesting analogy , given that we can see trees growing from year to year , but where can we find sand being annually compressed into stone ?
At the Creation Museum in Petersburg , Ky. , I learned that Earth was created in 4004 B.C. , about the same time that the Mesopotamians invented beer ( “ That ’s on the secular timeline , ” I was told ) .
Dioramas feature children frolicking among vege­tarian dinosaurs , including a Tyrannosaurus rex and Utahraptor , whose daggerlike teeth and claws , it was noted , were used for cracking open coconuts before the Fall .
But then the snake tempted Eve , who in turn charmed Adam into tasting the fruit of the knowledge of good and evil — after which dinosaurs became meat eaters , humans became sinners and Noah gathered the animals into the Ark ( also rendered in­ a dioramic drama complete with screaming left - behinders on soon - to - be swamped rocks ) .
My tour ended with an interview with Georgia Purdom , an accommodating and bright woman ( Ph.D. in molecular genetics from Ohio State University ) who explained that the worldview you hold ( biblical versus secular ) determines how you interpret the data .
I countered by pointing out that Francis Collins , former head of the Human Genome Project , is a born - again evangelical Christian who fully accepts evolution .
In his book The Language of God ( Free Press , 2007 ) , Collins describes ancient repetitive elements ( AREs ) in DNA that arise from “ jumping genes ” that copy and insert themselves in other locations in the genome , usually without any function .
When you align sections of human and mouse genomes , the AREs are in the same location .
“ Unless one is willing to take the position that God has placed these decapitated AREs in these precise positions to confuse and mislead us , ” he asserts , “ the conclusion of a common ancestor for humans and mice is virtually inescapable . ”
Collins is wrong , Purdom stated , because “ he does not accept the biblical history in Genesis , so he ’s beginning with his ideas about what happened in the past rather than what God said happened in the past , so he ’s interpreting that data in light of that starting point . ”
Shoehorning science into scripture was also painfully on display at the University of North Florida , where I debated founder and chief biblical cosmologist of Reasons to Believe Hugh Ross , an Old Earth Creationist who thinks that the biblical authors describe the expanding universe in such passages as Job 9:8 , where God “ stretched out the heavens , ” and Isaiah 40:22 , where God “ stretcheth out the heavens as a curtain , and spreadeth them out as a tent to dwell in . ”
The key word in Hebrew is natah , which means “ spread out , ” like a blanket or a tent , and is a metaphor for the dome or canopy of the sky and fixed stars that formed
the basis of the cosmology of the ancient Hebrews , derived from the earlier Babylonian cosmology during the Jewish captivity in Mesopotamia .
In my opinion , Ross employs the hindsight bias when he digs through the scriptures in search of passages that vaguely resemble current scientific findings .
Had cosmologists discovered that we live in a closed universe that will eventually collapse , then it seems to me that Job 9:7 would work well by confirming that God “ commandeth the sun , and it riseth not ; and sealeth up the stars . ”
Seek and ye shall find .
This story was originally published with the the title " Creationism in 3 - D "
A top federal appeals courts has decided in a major campaign finance case .
Whether this case goes to the Supreme Court or not , it indicates that in the aftermath of the Supreme Court ’s Citizens United case that Americans will continue to enjoy more of their First Amendment rights , as we head into an election cycle where free speech spells big trouble for Team Obama .
On January 21 , the U.S. Supreme Court decided Citizens United v. FEC , in which the Court held that citizens joining together in corporate associations are protected by the First Amendment when those corporate groups speak out during election season .
The decision restored the understanding of free speech in constitutional law maintained from 1791 until 1990 and overturned two poorly - reasoned cases from 1990 and 2003 that had said the contrary .
But Citizens United was the beginning of restoring our First Amendment rights , not the end .
Constitutional scholars and election - law experts are busily debating the next steps to explore after the Supreme Court ’s excellent decision in Citizens United .
Now a federal appellate court has acted upon that next step .
Of all the federal appeals courts , none is more important than the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit , leading many commentators to describe it as America ’s second - highest court .
On March 26 , the D.C. Circuit handed down its decision in SpeechNow.org v. FEC .
SpeechNow is an unincorporated association that wants to weigh in on political matters .
At issue were several items concerning contribution limits on how much money donors could give to SpeechNow , and whether SpeechNow needed to register as a political committee with the Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) .
This was a bold test case when it was filed in November 2007 .
Fortunately for SpeechNow , these constitutional issues were argued before the D.C. Circuit on January 27 , 2010 , just six days after the Supreme Court decided Citizens United .
As a result , the issues raised in SpeechNow just seemed like the logical next step .
You could n’t ask for better timing .
All but a few cases heard on appeal are considered by a three - judge panel .
However , lawsuits like this one , challenging the constitutionality of part of the Federal Election Campaign Act ( FECA ) , are heard by the full appellate court in what ’s called an en banc hearing .
So all nine judges currently serving on the D.C. Circuit sat on the case .
The circuit court ’s decision was unanimous , and the opinion was written by the well - respected head of the D.C. Circuit , Chief Judge David B. Sentelle .
The circuit court held that the FECA provisions limiting how much money an individual can give to an independent political organization were invalid , striking them down for violating the First Amendment .
The FEC ’s arguments about how financial contributions might lead to preferential access to lawmakers were based on the line of cases rejected in Citizens United .
Chief Judge Sentelle concluded , “ Whatever the merits of those arguments before Citizens United , they plainly have no merit after Citizens United , ” adding that , “ Citizens United clearly states as a matter of law that independent expenditures do not pose a danger of corruption or the appearance of corruption . ”
But SpeechNow did n’t fare so well when it came to FECA ’s requirements to register as a political committee and report its fundraising .
The D.C. Circuit noted that during argument SpeechNow ’s lawyer conceded that such “ reporting is not really going to impose an additional burden . ”
The court also smacked away the idea that SpeechNow is burdened by having to file a report upon raising $ 1,000 , calling the argument “ specious ” because SpeechNow already has over $ 120,000 , and plans on raising far more .
The circuit court found that , “ the public has an interest in knowing who is speaking about a candidate and who is funding that speech …
Further , requiring disclosure of such information deters and helps expose violations of other campaign finance restrictions , such as those barring contributions from foreign corporations or individuals . ”
Since all parties to the case lost on a couple issues , either side could ask the Supreme Court for review .
Regardless of whether it does , it ’s clear that the First Amendment gains that we saw in Citizens United ( which began in earlier cases from 2007 and 2008 ) are continuing , as Americans again become increasingly free to speak out during elections .
Team Obama should be expected to push back at every turn .
These days , the more ordinary Americans can speak out to inform and mobilize their fellow citizens , the worse it is for President Obama ’s White House .
Ken Klukowski is a fellow and senior legal analyst with the American Civil Rights Union , and coauthor of the forthcoming book The Blueprint : Obama ’s Plan to Subvert the Constitution and Build an Imperial Presidency , on sale April 27 .
Wall Street fund - raisers for the Democrats say they are feeling under attack from all sides .
The president is lashing out at their “ arrogance and greed . ”
Republican friends are saying “ I told you so . ”
And contributors are wishing they had their money back .
“ I am a big fan of the president , ” said Thomas R. Nides , a prominent Democrat who is also a Morgan Stanley executive and chairman of a major Wall Street trade group , the Securities and Financial Markets Association .
“ But even if you are a big fan , when you are the piñata at the party , it does n’t really feel good . ”
Roger C. Altman , a former Clinton administration Treasury official who founded the Wall Street boutique Evercore Partners , called the Wall Street backlash against Mr. Obama “ a constant topic of conversation . ”
Many bankers , he said , failed to appreciate the “ white hot anger ” at Wall Street for the financial crisis .
( Mr. Altman said he personally supported “ the substance ” of the president ’s recent proposals , though he questioned their feasibility and declined to comment at all on what he called “ the rhetoric . ” )
Mr. Obama ’s fight with Wall Street began last year with his proposals for greater oversight of compensation and a consumer financial protection commission .
It escalated with verbal attacks this year on what he called Wall Street ’s “ obscene bonuses . ”
And it reached a new level in his calls for policies Wall Street finds even more infuriating : a “ financial crisis responsibility ” tax aimed only at the biggest banks , and a restriction on “ proprietary trading ” that banks do with their own money for their own profit .
“ If the president wanted to turn every Democrat on Wall Street into a Republican , ” one industry lobbyist said , “ he is doing everything right . ”
Though Wall Street has long been a major source of Democratic campaign money ( alongside Hollywood and Silicon Valley ) , Mr. Obama built unusually direct ties to his contributors there .
He is the first president since Richard M. Nixon whose campaign relied solely on private donations , not public financing .
Wall Street lobbyists say the financial industry ’s big Democratic donors help ensure that their arguments reach the ears of the president and Congress .
White House visitors ’ logs show dozens of meetings with big Wall Street fund - raisers , including Gary D. Cohn , a president of Goldman Sachs ; Mr. Dimon of JPMorgan Chase ; and Robert Wolf , the chief of the American division of the Swiss bank UBS , who has also played golf , had lunch and watched July 4 fireworks with the president .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - The Los Angeles Times ’ critic may have panned the film , but that did n’t stop Disney from paying top dollar to turn the newspaper ’s front page into a special advertisement on Friday for the new movie , “ Alice in Wonderland . ”
U.S. actor Johnny Depp poses for photographers as he arrives for the Royal World Premiere of " Alice In Wonderland " at Leicester Square in London February 25 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Jas Lehal
The ad , believed to be the first of its kind among America ’s leading big -city dailies , dismayed some readers and was lamented by media scholars as the latest troubling sign of difficult times at the newspaper and for journalism generally .
The ad features a full - color photo of actor Johnny Depp in gaudy makeup , wig and costume as the film ’s Mad Hatter character , superimposed across an authentic - looking front page mock - up , topped by the Times ’ traditional masthead .
Depp ’s image -- emblazoned with the phrase , “ Johnny Depp is the Mad Hatter ” -- overlaps an old weather photo and two columns of reprinted stories about healthcare and Afghanistan , minus bylines and other names .
The word “ Advertisement ” appears in smaller type just below the masthead .
To get to Friday ’s real news , readers had to open the so - called cover wrap , which was folded around the Times ’ entire A section as a two - page , front - to - back promotional spread .
A Times spokesman , John Conroy , declined to discuss the cost of the ad , but said , “ The Times ’ front section is our most valuable real estate , so the ad unit was priced accordingly . ”
Hollywood blogger Sharon Waxman cited one “ media buyer insider ” as saying the Walt Disney Co , the studio behind the film , paid $ 700,000 for the space .
“ That ’s a low price to sell your soul , ” said Roy Peter Clark , senior scholar at the Poynter Institute for Media Studies , who expressed sympathy for the paper and discomfort at the blurring of commercial and editorial interests .
SAD DAY FOR GREAT PAPER ?
“ I want the Los Angeles Times to make a lot of money , and I want them to do use that money to do some of the best journalism they ’ve ever done , ” he said .
“ But I think that this strategy is deceptive , and that my old school ulcer is starting to burn a little a bit . ”
Others were more blunt .
“ It ’s a sad day in the history of a great newspaper , and my impression is they have received a lot of calls from people who are incensed by it , loyal readers , ” said Bryce Nelson , a former Times correspondent who teaches journalism at the University of Southern California .
The Times promotion apparently held little or no sway for the newspaper ’s main film critic , Kenneth Turan , whose review on Thursday called Tim Burton ’s take on the Lewis Carroll classic “ middling ” and “ surprisingly inert . ”
The film has drawn mixed reviews overall .
Conroy disputed the notion that the ad undermines the paper ’s editorial integrity .
“ We made it clear that this was a depiction of the front page , rather than a real front page of the newspaper , ” he said .
“ We had an unusual opportunity here to stretch the traditional boundaries and deliver an innovative ad unit that was designed to create buzz . ”
But Nelson said the ad would prove a turnoff to many subscribers , some of whom he knows had called him to protest .
“ What this demonstrates is the newspaper ’s seeming willingness to put revenues over news coverage , ” he said .
Conroy said the editorial staff was informed in advance of the Depp ad , but he did not know if it elicited the kind of grumbling that occurred when the paper ran a cover - wrap in June promoting the new HBO television series “ True Blood . ”
That wrap was not presented as a faux front page .
The Times , which began selling display ads on its front page in 2007 , also raised eyebrows last year when it ran a front - page TV advertisement that resembled a news story .
The nationally circulated USA Today drew criticism for a pseudo edition of its newspaper distributed at an AIDS conference in Geneva as a promotion for a pharmaceutical company .
The Wall Street Journal and other dailies have run partial wrap sleeves around the outsides of their papers .
Like many newspapers , the Times has been hit hard by declining circulation and shrinking ad revenues , forcing the paper to scale back coverage and lay off hundreds of employees in recent years .
The paper ’s corporate parent , the Tribune Co , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in December 2008 .
JREF Swift Blog
L. Ron Hubbard 's Dystopia On Earth : An Ex-Scientologist Speaks Out
Aaron Saxton
If , as is claimed to prospective members , Scientology is the “ only major religion to have emerged in the 20th century , ” then it is currently experiencing a growing pain common to all religions entering adolescence :
The schism .
David Miscavige , the slick little salesman who took over the Church of Scientology after the death of noted junkie and fugitive L. Ron Hubbard , has lately been accused of abusing his underlings and lying to his flock to obfuscate his own failures as a spiritual leader .
Scientologists around the world are breaking off from the official Church , claiming that it has “ strayed from the original philosophy and purpose of the group which Hubbard first researched and developed . "
But some ex-Scientologists have less regard for the teachings of L. Ron Hubbard .
One of them is Aaron Saxton , a New Zealander who spent eight years — from his mid-teens through his early 20s — as part of Scientology ’s elite paramilitary corps , Sea Org.
Read on to learn his thoughts on Independent Scientologists , Sea Org , violence , coerced abortion , rape , false imprisonment , and the many other delights allegedly awaiting those who take seriously L. Ron Hubbard ’s declaration that “ your search is over , but the adventure has just begun . ”
Aaron Saxton was born into The Church of Scientology in 1974 and left it in 2006 .
In the intervening years , he says , he tried coercing female Sea Org members into undergoing abortions , falsely imprisoned his fellows in the Church , both witnessed and engaged in the psychological abuse of children , and was denied even routine medical treatment .
( He has alleged that he was once forced to remove his own teeth without anesthesia . )
Since Saxton went public in 2009 , the Church of Scientology has apparently initiated a smear campaign against his character , and generally set about making his life miserable .
But that has n’t kept him from being heard .
His accusations have brought him considerable renown in both his native country and in Australia , where he has found a sympathetic audience in Senator Nick Xenophon , who paired Saxton ’s claims with those of other ex-Scientologists and read them into that country ’s parliamentary record .
The world is full of ex-Scientologists , but few claim to have been so highly ranked in the Church , and few have been able to offer glimpses into the weird world of the Sea Org .
Perhaps it is telling that lower - ranking Scientologists tend to remember their former church more fondly than Saxton does .
It was a New York Times story profiling such mild apostates that inspired Saxton to give us the final go - ahead to publish this interview , after many weeks during which Saxton weighed the pros and cons of risking further exposure , publicity , and Scientological wrath by releasing his story to the JREF .
The NYT story does n’t go far enough , says Saxton .
It lends credence to the notion that the problems now facing Scientology are organizational rather than doctrinal , and that Scientology can be a vibrant , positive religion if released from the control of David Miscavige and his minions .
Saxton maintains that this is not the case : Scientology is rotten from its roots .
The schism , though understandable , is doomed .
Scientology might be the most jargon -y religion in the world .
Its members are conversant with dozens of strange words and acronyms that would be meaningless to those outside the Church , and Aaron Saxton still uses many of them .
In transcribing this interview we translated as much of the jargon as possible , and decoded most of the obscure acronyms .
( For example : Saxton never said “ Religious Technology Center ” ; he said “ RTC . ” )
Even with the decoding , parts of the interview can be hard - going .
Stick with it , and try to pick up the meanings from context .
We hope the interview proves illuminating .
– BKT , PB
Swift : How do you feel the Times story is biased toward the Scientologists ?
Aaron Saxton : A new Scientology [ as discussed in the story ] is not really possible , as it was flawed from the beginning and cannot ever withstand the rigorous testing of science .
This is why L. Ron Hubbard created a religion after Dianetics — which was called a “ modern science of mental health . ”
He was asked for proof and could provide no solid evidence to back his claims .
Thus , he started a religion , which under the protections of faith could not be questioned .
The Scientologists that are currently dissatisfied with the Church are tending to shift the blame towards the current management , when in fact all activities of management are as per L. Ron Hubbard policy .
The real issue is that the true nature of Hubbard ’s policies is coming to light and it is creating a PR scandal .
Therefore , the only scapegoat available , if not Hubbard himself , is the current management .
Briefly , what is the Sea Org ?
The Sea Organization is the super - cult of this century .
Totally different from being an ordinary Scientologist , this is a paramilitary unit created on the sea by L. Ron Hubbard .
Dedicated staff believe that this sector of the universe suffered a terrible tragedy 75 million years ago and believe that Earth must be “ cleared ” — meaning all persons on the planet must undergo Scientology processing .
After which it is their intention to travel to other planets to free other beings .
It is their belief that Earth is part of a galactic confederacy that consists of 26 stars with 76 inhabited planets .
It is believed that Earth has been zoned as a prison planet where the worst criminals and non-conformists are sent .
So the Sea Org now runs Scientology under the founder ’s directions .
As a paramilitary unit , it evokes a theme of heavy discipline and an array of policies that do not fit in with the Church ’s stated goals of serving mankind and allowing human rights to be given to all people .
In fact , many policies of the Sea Org strip away these rights .
The billion - year contract the Sea Org crew sign is not a religious example of faith , but , as per L. Ron Hubbard , it is estimated the planets in all will take a billion years to run through Scientology processing .
While such claims are easily shown to be false , one should heed what a group of people with such beliefs are capable of if they see their beliefs as facts and anyone who opposes them as enemies .
What was your role in the Sea Org ?
How long were you a part of it , and what year did you leave ?
I was involved in the Sea Org from 1989 through to 1996 .
From 1996 to late 1997 I secretly worked for the Sea Org while appearing to be a member of the public .
My role in there was primarily as an enforcer over what is known as The Commodore ’s Messengers — the police management which runs Scientology .
I policed the police .
How widespread is the Sea Org across the globe ?
It is difficult to tell .
Membership has been as high as 8,000 .
With the policy in place of having some Sea Org crew not identify themselves as such , the figure is hard to estimate .
But I would put it at about 5,000 currently .
It does not sound like a lot , but when you consider each of these people put in over 100 working hours per week , the amount of manpower they can throw at projects really boggles the mind .
What kinds of projects would they undertake ?
Typically , important projects that involve tackling PR - related issues only occur at Office of Special Affairs International , the L Ron Hubbard Personal Relations Office or at Commodore ’s Message Organization International , and Religious Technology Center located at International Management level .
The type of projects undertaken would be to identify persons and groups behind attacks on Scientology , ascertain their whereabouts , launch private investigations against them or their companies and design press releases or local actions to discredit them .
In addition to this , other large projects such as the acquisition of land or property overseas or handling investments and returns from monies kept offshore — [ these projects ] typically take place on board the Freewinds , and all such projects involve top management .
Can you list the crimes or immoral acts you 've been involved in , or witnessed , as a Sea Org member ?
Some of the crimes involved other Sea Org members .
The most notable crimes were the releasing of private information to the public on people we wanted blacklisted .
Rapes of underage Sea Org Children were covered up .
There were instances where Scientologists , as part of checking their qualifications , revealed true crimes against other civilians , such as theft , child molestation and even murder .
At a price , such crimes were never divulged to the police unless the person went against Scientology .
I think my most reprehensible act was requesting abortions and punishing young Sea Org members between the ages of 13 and 17 for petty crimes , making them feel very guilty and issuing severe punishments that should not be given to a human being .
You ’ve said you helped brainwash children .
What was the procedure for doing so ?
Young children are taken into the SO — they are usually the children of SO members .
Indoctrination starts at the age of four .
Education is concentrated on very little and L. Ron Hubbard ’s works are forced as the major reading .
By the time the child is eight , they are pretty well convinced the SO is the only real thing that can save man ; they believe in past lives and reject psychology and other practices as being false and evil .
They see little of their families and do not learn family values .
By the time they are 13 they are well prepared to commit to their duty to serve mankind for life .
They have no sports , no other tendencies .
The only thing they really know is Scientology .
You said you would make young Sea Org members feel guilty and issue them punishments .
What methods would you use to make the kids feel so guilty ?
Was there a codified system of psychological torture and intimidation , and if so , what did it entail ?
Or were officers free to make up their own techniques ?
If so , what techniques did you employ ?
Techniques were at the discretion of the executive , but typically they followed a common theme .
Hard labor is often used , and can vary from general cleaning to intensive labor — such as handling sewage without protection .
To make a person feel guilty all one needs to do is show a person how they could have prevented an infraction from taking place .
This is easily done with L. Ron Hubbard ’s materials , as at every corner it is made clear you are responsible for anything that happens around you , regardless of whether you are or not .
Other punishments would include being segregated from other SO members , not being allowed to talk to them or contact your family outside of the SO .
Yelling is often used to introvert the person , and to show a child how his actions are commonplace in evil societies — and that , in effect , the child is as bad as [ the people in those societies ] .
By introverting such a person , you make them willing do anything to gain acceptance and approval , even if such a punishment were to be to disconnected from their family forever .
Another form of brainwashing and training is to give the children authority to tell adults what to do .
Once they feel they can control adults , they feel that they are safe and will often hold onto that state of mind .
Such a state of mind can be seen in David Miscavige , who never really stopped being a dictator from an early age .
Techniques also included assignment of “ lower conditions , ” where the person was told they were enemies or traitors to themselves and to Scientology .
The threat of losing those who you considered friends was ever - present .
Children , once broken with such treatment , clearly see themselves as the source of any trouble and try to avoid receiving any punishment by being compliant to orders , regardless of the recklessness of those orders .
Children are reminded that they are as responsible as adults and their failures are the results of failing to recognize that they are adults and spirits that have been around for as long as anyone else .
Also , I know several examples of child molestation and sexual assault with Scientology children where the incidents were covered up .
In all cases , the child feels they allowed [ the molestation ] to happen , and their Scientology or Sea Org parents often agree with them .
They see themselves as instigators , not victims .
Once installed with this as punishment , they will never tell the police or others , as they feel they are revealing their own crimes .
Can you detail an instance of rape being covered up ?
In 1992 or 1993 in Florida a young recruit was in Commodore ’s Messenger Org , Clear Water .
She was 14 at the time — possibly just turning 14 , actually .
Two other trainees from Mexico , ages 16 and 18 , took her and sexually assaulted her at the same time .
Upon discovery the staff were let go , but to cover up the incident and to make sure she did not feel like she could go to the police , we subjected her to eight weeks hard labor and made it clear she had been responsible for it occurring .
I deeply regret ordering such a thing to be done .
At the time , however , I was of the belief that the image of the Sea Org and Scientology was more important .
Can you detail an instance of false arrest ?
In 1995 , on St. Valentine ’s Day , 15 staff from the organization that dealt with the Computer Network of Scientology were held captive in Los Angeles against their will .
They were not permitted to leave .
Doors were bolted .
Guards were posted with express orders to refuse anyone wishing to leave .
The people involved for a period of between 30 - 60 days were confined to working quarters with no windows , no outside communication , and no phone calls .
Communication amongst themselves was permitted .
They were taken by guards for two - minute showers once a day .
All food was taken to them within their confined quarters , and some never saw daylight for many weeks at a time .
This was thoroughly condoned at multiple levels of the SO , and no one raised alarms .
Many of the staff involved suffered mental breakdowns , which was the goal .
Most staff were replaced and then sent out of the SO with no money , or placed into the penal colony we had for degraded SO members .
Why were these personnel locked up in the first place ?
In January , 1995 , a security breach was detected whereby information relating to Scientology ’s future purchases and financial records were removed and sent out via modem .
As a result , the entire staff was locked down .
We knew already who the perpetrator was , however we pretended not to know in order to source out any others that may have the same idea to sabotage Scientology , and also to allow our computer tracking programs to locate other external sources of potential hacks .
Scientologists working at Executive Software International and other freelance computer masterminds worked in association with the Religious Technology Center and the management to coordinate a “ honey pot ” capture technique and also infect any hackers with viruses , so that not only could we obtain the people attempting to hack , but also the email addresses of everyone they knew .
The staff at INCOMM were all treated as criminals .
Even when proven innocent , they were informed that the reason for the betrayer not being spotted by them was because they were out ethics and they deserved punishments .
Can you explain an instance of forced abortion ?
There are numerous incidents over the history of the SO .
Of all the people I asked to abort , none factually did .
One of my seniors , though , was asked by her senior to abort and did so in 1995 .
What 's the role of violence in Scientology ?
Violence does not play a part in Scientology and few Scientologists commit acts of violence .
In the Sea Org , however , mental torture is the rule of the game .
Occasionally physical violence is used .
I have been physically attacked by another senior SO member and I have witnessed staff being thrown around on several occasions .
It is always by seniors and they are always protected .
Were there cases of violent abuse ?
I am not aware of violent abuses wherein severe physical harm ever came to an SO member .
One has to keep in mind that mental torture can leave more scars than a physical attack .
As an example , I have suffered physical injuries , but I have nightmares about the time I was locked up for weeks and interrogated for 12 hours a day .
That left and created more damage than anything physical I have experienced .
The Sea Org is notorious for its penal colonies .
Where are they located ?
Can you list one or two specific locations ?
The Pacific Base in Los Angeles , often referred to as Big Blue , is one of the largest .
There is another one located in Sydney , and in the UK as well .
These penal colonies are just that .
I was in one of them myself and can only describe it as cruel and unusual punishment .
Who is put in them ?
SO members that start to have free minds are typically placed in them .
Anyone who is rebellious to management .
The hope is to bring them back into line before they go fully free in their minds and try to leave the SO .
Some people can be in there for up to 5 years .
You are only allowed out when you are fully compliant and do whatever it is you are told to do .
You 've referred to the camps as slave colonies .
What are conditions like in the camps ?
To what degree can freedom be restricted for prisoners ?
The conditions are terrible .
Beyond imagination .
Labor is carried out every conscious moment , beyond several hours of study every day .
You must run , not walk .
You cannot initiate a conversation until spoken to first .
Punishments are handed out for anything , almost .
You can not see your family but a few hours each week , and you are subjected to cramped living conditions , wearing only black uniforms .
Your status is depicted with armbands .
It is a most uncomfortable state of living that no one in their right mind would subscribe to unless they felt they had no choice .
You said you were locked up for weeks and interrogated for 12 hours per day .
Why ?
When I returned from a secret mission to the Ship where my identity as a Sea Org member was hidden , I came into sensitive knowledge .
Upon my return I attempted to take a break to allow my body to repair itself from the stress it was undergoing .
It was thought I perhaps had gone to see the government , or other groups working against Scientology .
To teach me a lesson for [ purportedly ] trying to leave I was locked up for a week , sleep - deprived , and interrogated by up to four different people a day .
I would sleep with people outside my door to prevent me from leaving again .
I also went through a process designed to numb a person into submission and destroy their desires to fight back against things they saw as wrong .
It worked for some time , and I was certainly deflated as a human .
Although crime is dropping in Los Angeles , there is one glaring exception : bicycle thefts , which rose 29 % last year .
Nearly 2,000 bikes were reported stolen last year -- and authorities believe the actual number of thefts was much higher because so many people do n’t report stolen bikes .
Los Angeles Police Department detectives believe the increase is due in part to more people using bikes to get around in some neighborhoods .
A Times analysis of LAPD data found the USC campus area , Venice , parts of Hollywood and downtown L.A. to be hot spots for bike thefts .
LAPD detectives recently broke up a downtown bicycle theft ring and nabbed two men who allegedly swiped bikes downtown and sold them on Craigslist.com .
At the motel of one of the alleged thieves , they found bolt cutters , hacksaws and a Mercedes - Benz equipped with a bike rack .
Some bike messengers last month took justice into their own hands when they caught two suspected thieves , teenage boys who attended a local Catholic high school .
According to police , the messengers stripped down the teens to their boxer shorts before taking their cellphones , backpacks and clothes .
“ They meted out street justice .
We do n’t condone street justice .
They never threatened them .
But they made it clear :
Do n’t mess with another person ’s property , ” said LAPD Lt. Paul Vernon .
“ This incident and the arrests are the tip of the iceberg when it comes to people stealing bicycles . ”
Vernon said the two boys told police they were robbed about 3 p.m. Jan. 12 by about 20 men on bicycles at 6th Street and Grand Avenue .
Investigators said they cannot prove the boys were stealing bikes and are continuing to look for the assailants .
Still , the incident has been the talk of the downtown biking world .
“ There was n’t any violence .
. . .
They were stripped of their clothes and sent home , ” said Douglas Forrest , a process server and bicycle messenger who heard about the incident .
In downtown , the number of bikes reported stolen increased last year by more than 57 % -- and cyclists have noticed .
“ They ’ll take anything they can get these days .
It has gotten really bad , ” Forrest said .
“ They even go as far as [ to ] rip off the cranks .
People glue ball bearings in the Allen wrench holes under their saddle to protect them . ”
Downtown , bicycles are most likely to be stolen between noon and 6 p.m. , and Wednesdays are the hottest days for theft , according to an LAPD analysis .
The Richard J. Riordan Central Library , named for the former cycling mayor , is a favorite spot for thieves .
“ The library has the worst bicycle racks , ” said L.A. cycle activist Stephen Box .
Poorly designed racks out of sight of passersby make the crime easier for bike thieves , he said .
Box said some of worst - positioned racks can be found at the new LAPD headquarters .
Some of the upside - down , U - shaped racks the city uses have even been cut and the gap covered with stickers , he said .
Bike thieves simply slip out the locked bicycles .
The federal National Crime Victim Survey found that for every bicycle reported stolen , another four such thefts remain unreported .
Some transit experts say even that number is a severe underestimation .
Box said many avid cyclists with unique or high - end bicycles know once a bike is stolen how to go into top gear to get it back .
They hit Twitter , the guys selling cycles on the corners and the ads on Craigslist .
Box said to recover their wheels , cyclists will pretend to be buyers .
According to the LAPD ’s Vernon , that is exactly what Central Division detectives did to break the downtown bicycle theft ring .
After a bike was reported stolen Jan. 22 in the 500 block of Olympic Boulevard , a Santa Monica man that same day listed the Sirrus cycle valued at more than $ 600 for $ 300 on Craigslist .
Undercover detectives posing as buyers met with the suspect , Konstantin Rostovtsev , to acquire the bike , which also included an onboard computer .
When the 51 - year - old Ukrainian native agreed to the sale , detectives arrested him on suspicion of receiving stolen property .
Investigators used Rostovtsev ’s cellphone to identify Edward Rene Arciga , 43 , as the man who sold him the cycle .
“ So we called Arciga and asked if he had any bikes for sale and then our undercover detectives met with him at the Olive Motel on Sunset ” Boulevard , Vernon said .
Arciga , a 43 - year - old New York native , took the detectives to his aging Mercedes - Benz and pulled out another bike .
When detectives arrested him , another man opened the motel room door , revealing several bolt cutters , hacksaws and a few more stolen bikes , Vernon said .
Inside the motel room , Vernon said , officers found bleached small bills that were being turned into counterfeit $ 100 bills , a computer and evidence of heroin use .
Arciga was arrested on suspicion of receiving stolen property .
richard.winton@latimes.com
HAIFA , Israel — The Universal House of Justice has announced the results of a by - election for two of its nine members .
The new members are Stephen Birkland and Stephen Hall , elected in balloting in which members of national Baha 'i governing bodies around the world serve as electors .
The voting was done by mail , and results were conveyed today to all Baha'i National Spiritual Assemblies .
The Universal House of Justice is the head of the Baha'i Faith .
Its permanent seat is at the Baha'i World Centre in Haifa , and all members reside here for the duration of their service .
The regular election of the nine members of the House of Justice occurs every five years at an international convention , held in Haifa .
The most recent election was in 2008 .
The by - election was necessary to fill two vacancies created when the House of Justice approved the request of two members , Mr. Hooper Dunbar and Dr. Peter Khan , to relinquish their positions owing to their advanced age and the heavy burden of work involved in membership .
Afghanistan : Record winter casualties for US - led occupying forces
By Patrick O’Connor
1 February 2010
Last month , 44 US and coalition troops were killed in Afghanistan — the bloodiest month of fighting recorded in the country ’s winter season since the 2001 invasion .
In previous years , the freezing temperatures and snowy conditions have seen a lull in the conflict between the US and the NATO - led International Security Assistance Force and anti-occupation guerrillas .
In January 2009 , there were 25 coalition troop deaths ; in the same month in 2008 , 14 deaths were recorded ; while in January 2007 just two soldiers died .
Last month ’s violence followed record annual fatalities in 2009 for the occupation forces — 520 , compared to 295 in 2008 .
The upsurge reflects escalating opposition among ordinary Afghans to the foreign occupation and the rule of Washington ’s stooge , President Hamid Karzai .
President Barack Obama ’s unfolding troop “ surge ” has also led to more clashes .
An additional 37,000 US and coalition soldiers are due to arrive in Afghanistan by August 2010 , bringing the total number to more than 150,000 , not counting private contractors and mercenaries .
Obama ’s escalation of the war is aimed at suppressing all resistance within the Afghan population in order to shore up Washington ’s control over the country and its geo-strategic interests in the oil - and gas - rich Central Asian region .
Of the 44 foreign forces killed last month , 29 were American .
Others were from Britain ( 6 ) , France ( 3 ) , Canada , Norway , Denmark and Spain .
The majority died in the provinces of Kandahar and Helmand , on the southwest border with Pakistan .
According to statistics maintained by the web site icasualties.org , improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) accounted for 70 percent of the deaths .
A briefing prepared last December by Major General Michael Flynn , the senior US intelligence official in Afghanistan , noted the growing importance of IEDs in the war .
In an article published January 25 , CNN reported : “ The explosives do for the Taliban what surface - to - air missiles once did for the Afghan mujahedeen fighting the Soviets — somewhat equalise the fight against a superpower , Flynn says . ”
The growing number of IED attacks will inevitably deepen the crisis of morale afflicting US and coalition forces .
Frontal insurgent attacks are met with massive firepower , including helicopter , drone and fighter plane bombing raids that frequently destroy entire buildings and sections of towns and cities .
Responding to IEDs is a different question .
The US - led troops are engaged in an unending colonial - style war , confronting a largely unseen enemy that enjoys the support or acquiescence of the civilian population .
Flynn ’s intelligence report noted the growing number and strength of IEDs .
In May 2008 , most bombs weighed less than 25 pounds ( 11 kilograms ) , whereas now more than three - quarters weigh more than 25 pounds .
The nature of the IEDs has also changed .
Previously they were mostly adapted military ordnance such as shells , but now an estimated 85 percent are made from ammonium nitrate , a common fertiliser .
Flynn ’s briefing stated that Pakistan is the primary source of the chemical , with China and Iran “ also significant suppliers ” .
According to CNN , President Karzai last month outlawed the “ use , production , storage , or sale ” of ammonium nitrate .
Flynn reported that “ security incidents ” — including IED attacks , ambushes , mortar fire and missile strikes — typically numbered 500 a week in the second half of 2009 , compared to an average of less than 40 in 2004 .
Only a small fraction of the escalating attacks are ever reported in the US and Western media .
The intelligence official concluded his briefing by noting that the insurgency was “ increasingly effective ” and could “ sustain itself indefinitely ” .
He reported that the Taliban now has “ shadow governors ” in 33 of Afghanistan ’s 34 provinces , up from just 11 in 2005 .
Insurgents are combining increasingly effective IED and other guerrilla attacks on foreign forces with high - profile assaults on Afghan government buildings .
On January 18 , Taliban suicide bombers and fighters armed with grenades and other weapons paralysed the capital , Kabul , for more than five hours before US military and Afghan security forces regained control .
Insurgents launched a similar operation on January 29 in Lashkar Gah , the regional capital of Helmand .
Six militants armed with suicide vests and machine guns were reported killed after launching an assault from a hotel near an army barracks at 10 am .
Fighting lasted more than seven hours , during which residents of the city were advised to stay at home , before government forces , British soldiers , and NATO helicopters were able to repulse the attack .
“ I was in my shop when I heard the loud noises from the fighting , ” Haji Mohammad Karim told Associated Press .
“ We all closed our stores and went home .
The city was like a ghost town .
The only people on the streets were security forces . ”
Like the Kabul offensive , the Taliban ’s operation in Lashkar Gah highlights the Karzai administration ’s extremely tenuous control over the country .
For the US and NATO forces , it again raises questions regarding insurgent infiltration of the pro-government security forces .
President Obama and his international allies have made any drawdown of foreign troops conditional on the organisation and training of a local military and police proxy force .
But the demoralised rag - tag forces so far assembled have proven highly vulnerable to penetration by militants .
US and coalition forces face growing danger from within the ranks of their Afghan colleagues .
The killing of seven CIA operatives in a suicide attack late last year by a Jordanian posing as a US intelligence asset was the most prominent of a series of security incidents .
On January 29 , two US soldiers were shot dead by their Afghan interpreter at a military outpost in the eastern part of the country .
The interpreter was then killed by other US troops .
Military officials attempted to downplay the incident , telling the New York Times that the Afghan acted out of “ personal motives ” and was a “ disgruntled employee ” .
Ordinary Afghans continue to be killed in record numbers .
Last year , at least 2,412 Afghan civilians were killed according to UN figures , which most likely significantly underestimate the real toll .
On January 28 , a US gunner shot dead an imam outside a mosque in Kabul .
Witnesses said that 36 - year - old Mohammed Yonus was driving his car with his seven - year - old son and other children when he stopped before an American convoy .
Fourteen bullets were reportedly fired , with four hitting the cleric .
The killing occurred near the site of a suicide attack on an American convoy that injured eight soldiers earlier in the week .
A brief protest of local people erupted before elders called it off , fearing a clash with government security forces .
“ A lot of innocent people have been killed by the Americans , ” Shabaz Khan , a 20 - year - old student told the Washington Post .
In another incident on January 29 , two civilians were killed and another badly injured when US troops fired into their car at a checkpoint in the southeastern Ghazni Province .
On January 30 , four Afghan soldiers were killed by “ friendly fire ” after a joint US - Afghan special forces unit opened fire on an Afghan Army checkpoint in Shinz village , west of Kabul , and then called in helicopter gunship support .
Amid the deepening crisis confronting the occupying forces , there is no indication that the plan outlined at the January 28 International Conference on Afghanistan held in London — to buy off Taliban militants with cash drawn from a designated $ 650 million slush fund — is likely to work .
In a statement released last Saturday , the Taliban leadership denied that its representatives had earlier met with UN envoy Kai Eide and said such reports were “ mere futile and baseless rumours ” .
The British secret intelligence service ( MI6 ) suspects that airline staff working for the Israeli secret service Mossad may have copied thousands of British passports , some of which were used in the assassination of senior Hamas figure Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai , the News of the World tabloid reported Sunday .
According to the report , British authorities are also concerned about security searches carried out on British officials attending a terrorism conference in Israel last September .
Opinion Predictable British protest Gerald Steinberg British response to passport affair mild , affected by upcoming UK elections Predictable British protest
The forging method was already revealed last week in a statement made by the British government to the parliament after the use of British citizens ' identities in the Dubai assassination was revealed .
According to the statement , 12 passports used by the assassins were cloned in different airports while the British nationals were on their way to Israel .
They were taken away for " examinations " which lasted 20 minutes each .
In addition to the investigation into the falsification of British passports , the United Kingdom authorities are also checking whether Israeli intelligence elements took advantage of a visit to Israel by British security officials in order to clone their passports .
British police sources said the officials had undergone strict security checks upon arriving in Israel .
" It was said to be routine but the searches did not apply to all nations , " a source told the newspaper .
" There is now a real concern that some of these high - ranking officers and officials have also had documents cloned . "
The UK expressed its discontent after Dubai authorities revealed that British identities were used in the assassination and launched an investigation into the matter .
One of the moves taken against Israel was the decision to expel an Israeli diplomat serving in the kingdom , which was said to be the Mossad representative in London .
It was also reported that Israel would not be allowed to replace its Mossad representative in London should it not provide Britain with a public assurance that UK citizens ' passports will never be used again for secret operations .
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband told lawmakers last week that Israel 's actions had put British nationals at risk and showed a " profound disregard " for Britain 's sovereignty .
He said the fact that Israel is a longtime ally with close business , personal and political ties to Britain " adds insult to injury " in this case .
Miliband noted that a thorough British investigation concluded that Israel was behind the forging of British passports used by the alleged assassins in Dubai .
Mr Berlusconi was joined by his ministers and regional candidates
Tens of thousands of people have staged a rally in Rome in support of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , ahead of regional elections this month .
Mr Berlusconi's People of Freedom party was dealt a blow when it was excluded from the vote in the key Rome region after failing to register on time .
He blamed dirty tricks from magistrates and the opposition for the exclusion .
A string of sex and corruption scandals have weighed heavily on Mr Berlusconi in the past 12 months .
The latest is accusations that he was trying to block political talk shows on television critical of his government .
After the alleged interference was picked up using phone taps , prosecutors last week said they would investigate him for abuse of power .
He also faces two trials , for tax fraud and bribery .
Mr Berlusconi denies any wrongdoing .
Addressing the crowd from a stage emblazoned with the party 's new slogan - " Love conquers hatred and envy " - Mr Berlusconi launched a blistering attack on his political enemies .
He said left - leaning judges and centre - left politicians were out to get him in " a laughable investigation based on the tapping of my calls " .
He also decried what he said were dirty tricks to exclude his party from the election race , and said he wanted to preserve freedom and democracy for Italy .
On Saturday , an Italian court rejected the party 's latest appeal to be reinstated in the central Lazio region , which includes Rome .
Italy 's opposition denounced the rally .
" This is the only government in the world in which the head of the government rallies against magistrates , " Pierferdinando Casini , head of the Catholic UDC party , told the AFP news agency .
Berlusconi supporters said that 1 m people attended the event , a week after last Saturday 's anti-Berlusconi march in the city .
Many professional comics consider Jay Leno one of the best stand - up comedians of his generation .
In his prime , Leno was a brilliant craftsman with sharp material , impeccable delivery , fantastic timing and an affable everyman persona .
Even future enemy David Letterman had enormous respect for him as a stand - up comic in the beginning .
So why has seemingly the sum of the comedy world turned on Leno with shocking viciousness ?
Why has he raced past the reviled likes of Dane Cook and Carlos Mencia on the list of popular stand - ups ...
As a little light relief , one of our readers has compiled a list of some of the worst answers ever to gush from the mouths of game show contestants ... enjoy .
UNIVERSITY CHALLENGE ( BBC2 )
Jeremy Paxman :
What is another name for ' cherrypickers ' and
' cheesemongers ' ?
Contestant : Homosexuals .
Paxman : No .
They 're regiments in the British Army who will be very upset with you .
BEG , BORROW OR STEAL ( BBC2 )
Jamie Theakston :
Where do you think Cambridge University is ?
Contestant : Geography is n't my strong point .
Theakston :
There 's a clue in the title .
Contestant : Leicester .
PHIL WOOD SHOW ( BBC GMR )
Wood :
What ' K ' could be described as the Islamic Bible ?
Contestant : Er. . .
Wood :
It 's got two syllables . . .
Kor . . .
Contestant : Blimey ?
Wood : Ha ha ha ha , no .
The past participle of run . . .
Contestant : ( Silence . )
Wood : OK , try it another way .
Today I run , yesterday I . . .
Contestant : Walked ?
BBC NORFOLK
Stewart White : Who had a worldwide hit with What A Wonderful World ?
Contestant : I do n't know .
White : I 'll give you some clues .
What do you call the part between your hand and your elbow ?
Contestant : Arm .
White : Correct .
And if you 're not weak , you 're . .?
Contestant : Strong .
White : Correct - and what was Lord Mountbatten 's first name ?
Contestant : Louis .
White :
Well , there we are then .
So , who had a worldwide hit with the song What A Wonderful World ?
Contestant : Frank Sinatra ?
LATE SHOW ( BBC MIDLANDS )
Alex Trelinski :
What 's the capital of Italy ?
Contestant : France .
Trelinski : France is another country .
Try again .
Contestant : Oh , um , Benidorm .
Trelinski : Wrong , sorry , let 's try another question .
In which country is the Parthenon ?
Contestant : Sorry , I do n't know .
Trelinski : Just guess a country then .
Contestant : Paris .
THE WEAKEST LINK ( BBC2 )
Anne Robinson : Oscar Wilde , Adolf Hitler and Jeffrey Archer have all written books about their experiences in what : Prison or the Conservative
Party ?
Contestant : The Conservative Party .
BEACON RADIO , Wolverhampton
DJ Mark : For £ 10 , what is the nationality of the Pope ?
Ruth from Rowley Regis : I think I know that one .
Is it Jewish ?
UNIVERSITY CHALLENGE ( BBC2 )
Bamber Gascoigne : What was Gandhi 's first name ?
Contestant : Goosey ?
GWR FM , Bristol
Presenter : What happened in Dallas on November 22 , 1963 ?
Contestant : I do n't know , I was n't watching it then .
RTE RADIO 2FM , Ireland
Presenter :
What is the name of the long - running TV comedy show about pensioners : Last Of The . .?
Caller : Mohicans .
RICHARD AND JUDY ( C4 ) )
Q : Which American actor is married to Nicole Kidman ?
A : Forrest Gump .
LINCS FM PHONE -IN
Presenter : Which is the largest Spanish - speaking country in the world ?
Contestant : Barcelona .
Presenter : I was really after the name of a country .
Contestant : I 'm sorry ; I do n't know the names of any countries in Spain .
NATIONAL LOTTERY ( BBC1 )
Q : What is the world 's largest continent ?
A : The Pacific
RICHARD AND JUDY ( C4 ) )
Presenter : On which street did Sherlock Holmes live ?
Contestant : Er. . .
Presenter :
He makes bread .
. .
Contestant : Err ...
Presenter :
He makes cakes . .
Contestant : Kipling Street ?
THE BIGGEST GAME IN TOWN ( ITV )
Steve Le Fevre :
What was signed to bring World War I to an end in 1918 ?
Contestant : Magna Carta ?
BREAKFAST SHOW ( RADIO 1 )
Chris Moyles : Which 's ' is a kind of whale that can grow up to 80 tonnes ?
Contestant : Ummm. . .
Moyles :
It begins with 's ' and rhymes with ' perm ' .
Contestant : Shark .
JAMES O'BRIEN SHOW ( LBC )
O'Brien : How many kings of England have been called Henry ?
Contestant :
Well , I know there was a Henry the Eighth . . . er . . .
Three ?
CHRIS SEARLE SHOW ( BBC RADIO BRISTOL )
Searle :
In which European country is Mount Etna ?
Caller : Japan .
Searle : I did say which European country , so in case you did n't hear that ,
I can let you try again .
Caller : Er . . .
Mexico ?
PAUL WAPPAT ( BBC RADIO NEWCASTLE )
Wappat : How long did the Six - Day War between Egypt and Israel last ?
Contestant ( after long pause ) : Fourteen days .
DARYL DENHAM'S DRIVETIME ( VIRGIN RADIO )
Denham :
In which country would you spend shekels ?
Contestant : Holland ?
Denham :
Try the next letter of the alphabet .
Contestant : Iceland ?
Ireland ?
Denham ( helpfully ) :
It 's a bad line .
Did you say Israel ?
Contestant : No .
THE VAULT ( ITV )
Melanie Sykes :
What is the name given to the condition where the sufferer
can fall asleep at any time ?
Contestant : Nostalgia .
STEVE WRIGHT IN THE AFTERNOON ( RADIO 2 )
Wright : Johnny Weissmuller died on this day .
Which jungle - swinging
character clad only in a loincloth did he play ?
Contestant : Jesus
NATIONAL LOTTERY ( BBC1 )
Eamonn Holmes : Dizzy Gillespie is famous for playing what ?
Contestant : Basketball .
DOG EAT DOG ( BBC1 )
Ulrika Jonsson : Who wrote Lord Of The Rings ?
Contestant : Enid Blyton .
NATIONAL LOTTERY ( BBC1 )
Eamonn Holmes :
There are three states of matter : solid , liquid and . . ?
Contestant : Jelly .
FORT BOYARD ( CHALLENGE TV )
Jodie Penfold : Arrange these two groups of letters to form a word - CHED
and PIT .
Team : Chedpit .
SIMPLY THE BEST ( ITV )
Phil Tufnell : How many Olympic Games have been held ?
Contestant : Six .
Tufnell : Higher !
Contestant : Five .
NOTTS AND CROSSES QUIZ ( BBC RADIO NOTTINGHAM )
Jeff Owen :
In which country
is Mount Everest ?
Contestant ( long pause ) : Er , it 's not in Scotland , is it ?
THE WEAKEST LINK ( BBC2 )
Anne Robinson :
In traffic , what 'j ' is where two roads meet ?
Contestant : Jool carriageway ?
QUIZMANIA ( ITV )
Greg Scott :
We 're looking for an occupation beginning with T .
Contestant : Doctor .
Scott : No , it 's ' T '. ' T ' for Tommy .
' T ' for Tango .
Contestant : Oh , ( pause ) Doctor .
BIG QUIZ ( LBC )
Gary King :
Name the funny men who once entertained kings and queens at
court .
Contestant : Lepers .
DANNY KELLY SHOW ( RADIO WM )
Kelly : Which French Mediterranean town hosts a famous film festival every
year ?
Contestant : I need a clue .
Kelly : OK .
What do beans come in ?
Contestant : Cartons ?
TALKSPORT
Andy Townsend : How many wheels does a tricycle have ?
Caller : Two .
Townsend : The Beatles were known as the Fab ...?
Caller : Five .
MAGIC 52 ( NORTH - EAST ENGLAND )
Presenter :
In what year was President Kennedy assassinated ?
Contestant : Erm ...
Presenter :
Well , let 's put it this way - he did n't see 1964 .
Contestant : 1965 ?
WHO WANTS TO BE A MILLIONAIRE ?
( ITV )
Chris Tarrant ( asking the audience ) : ' Jambon ' is the French for which
food ?
11 per cent of the audience : Jam .
DAVE LEE TRAVIS SHOW ( BREEZE FM )
DLT : In which European country are there people called Walloons ?
Contestant : Wales .
JANICE FORSYTH SHOW ( BBC RADIO SCOTLAND )
Forsyth : What is India 's currency ?
Contestant : Ramadan .
OWEN MONEY SHOW ( BBC RADIO WALES )
Money :
In 30 seconds , name as many well - known politicians as you can .
Caller : Er. . .
Tony Brown . . . and Nigel Benn . ( Silence . )
Belfast Telegraph
The World from Berlin ' How Much Bush Is There in Obama ? '
President Barack Obama has slammed the " near - disastrous " intelligence failures surrounding an attempted Christmas Day terror attack on a Northwest Airlines jetliner .
Looking beyond his tough rhetoric , German commentators scratch their heads and wonder if he is getting a bit too much like his predecessor .
Jennifer Bestor spent countless hours searching databases and archives for her project researching the local effects of Proposition 13 .
Here , she is in the Menlo Park Historical Association office in the Menlo Park Library , where she searched through old Polk 's directories listing businesses and residents by street in Menlo Park for 1978 .
Photo by Michelle Le / The Almanac .
Jennifer Bestor began to think about ways to lessen the growing tax burden imbalance after taking a close look at property tax rates for downtown Menlo Park businesses , and comparing them with the rates in an Allied Arts neighborhood .
Proposition 13 has led to a huge tax advantage for commercial property owners , she found , and schools and other public services are big losers .
Photo by Michelle Le / The Almanac .
She asked herself : Does the same trend exist in San Mateo County ?
And if so , are commercial property owners paying their fair share toward public services -- schools , parks , police and fire services , and public works ?
As the budget news from Sacramento became increasingly worse , Ms. Bestor recalled an opinion piece she had read in the Palo Alto Weekly several years before :
The writer " pointed to the increasing share of property tax paid by single - family homes in Santa Clara County , and the decreasing portion paid by commercial landlords , " Ms. Bestor recalls .
Menlo Park resident Jennifer Bestor had long heard many arguments for and against Proposition 13 , which was passed in 1978 to control rapidly rising property taxes in the state .
About three years ago , when she was the incoming treasurer of the parents ' group at her son's school , Oak Knoll in Menlo Park , questions about the property tax law 's consequences , particularly on the state 's schools , became more pressing .
Under immediate fire over his adviser 's comment , the soon - to - be- elected governor recovered by telling the world that he had admonished Mr. Buffett never to mention Proposition 13 again , or he would be forced to do 500 sit-ups .
Ms. Bestor , a talented writer as well as a dogged researcher , took a whimsical approach to spreading the word about her findings :
She composed an open letter to Warren Buffett , which she sent last week , in which she offers : " Please let me know how I can help you with the sit-ups .
We desperately need to get some energy from that third rail . "
Countless hours later -- hours spent in the county assessor 's office , in county and city archives , and poring over assessment rolls she had purchased -- Ms. Bestor has come to the firm conclusion that , while Proposition 13 has generally worked for homeowners as voters had intended , " for commercial landlords , it 's been an incredible windfall .
... Commercial property tax ... has evolved in a way that not even the direst opponents of Prop. 13 envisioned . "
Then one day , during a meeting at which Superintendent Ken Ranella of the Menlo Park City School District painted a bleak picture of the district 's finances and likely program cuts , Ms. Bestor crossed a line .
" It was like a big dog picked me up by the scruff of the neck and shook me , " she says .
Recently , she met with a leader of the Menlo Park - Atherton Education Foundation , and with a member of School - Force , the Belmont - Redwood Shores Education Foundation , to discuss such an effort .
It 's too early to know whether the idea will catch fire , but it 's safe to predict that Ms. Bestor will do what she can to spark the flame .
Ms. Bestor also is attempting to launch local fundraising efforts that would focus on commercial property owners who benefit from lower tax levels .
" I have the feeling these people are ready to be asked , " she says .
So what is to be done ?
Ms. Bestor suggests capping Proposition 13 benefits for commercial property owners at 20 years .
" Every 20 years , non-residential property is reassessed at market value , then gets to enjoy another 20 years of tax relief , " she writes .
Meanwhile , all property owners , no matter what their Proposition 13 - dictated tax burden is , benefit equally from the public services paid for through taxes , Ms. Bestor notes .
If a building catches fire , or a business is being robbed , publicly funded emergency workers will rush to the scene as quickly for a property owner paying $ 7,000 a year as they will for one paying $ 66,000 .
Also , she notes , business owners benefit from an educated workforce , making quality schools important for a strong business community .
Another citation in Ms. Bestor 's letter : " The nondescript little gas station on El Camino near my house pays $ 30,148 a year in property tax for the privilege of selling me less expensive gasoline than the two Shell stations ( $ 14,214 ; $ 17,214 ) , the Union 76 ( $ 15,920 ) , and the Chevron ( $ 20,388 ) down the street . "
The consequences of the " windfall " to many commercial property owners go beyond the diminishing revenue to schools and other public services , she says .
Business people who operate out of property they purchased in the last decade or so are at a disadvantage in the marketplace because their tax burdens are much higher than competitors paying a 1978 - level property tax .
" Trader Joe 's leases it from a family trust , descendents of the 1978 owner ... with an address on a leafy street in Cape Cod .
Since landlords charge what the market will bear , it 's fair to guess that the property tax savings are accruing to those folks in Massachusetts while the costs are borne by school kids and residents of Menlo Park . "
In her letter to Mr. Buffet , Ms. Bestor cites a downtown Menlo Park example to underscore the inequity : " The Trader Joe 's property -- the ' new ' market in town contributes just $ 7,471 of general tax towards our local services ( for two - thirds of an acre of prime commercial property ) compared with Draeger 's up the street at $ 66,585 .
It is n't Trader Joe 's , of course , that 's paying the tax -- if they'd bought the property when they moved in , that parcel would be contributing 500 percent - plus more .
On the other hand , commercial property owners who are assessed at 1978 levels are not paying their way , she says .
" Does it really make sense to subsidize family trusts , major real estate corporations and developers , who make smaller and smaller contributions ( proportionally ) to public services each year ? "
" My street is paying its way , " Ms. Bestor says .
" I think that Prop. 13 did what people hoped it would do ( for homeowners ) .
It allowed people to stay in their homes and families to plan their financial futures . "
By contrast , of the 53 residential parcels in Ms. Bestor 's neighborhood , 13 are owned by the same people who held them in 1978 , and two are held by children of the 1978 owners , so are taxed at the 1978 level .
The assessments of two other parcels were affected by other factors .
Looking at Menlo Park 's main downtown street , she found that of the 56 commercial parcels on Santa Cruz Avenue , 23 are at the 1978 assessment ( plus 2 percent per year ) level .
Of those 23 parcels , only four are owned by the same people who owned them in 1978 .
Eleven have passed to a son or daughter , and in a number of cases are held in family trusts .
Ms. Bestor 's research of Menlo Park properties -- particularly of parcels on one commercial strip and one residential street -- sheds light on how the provisions of propositions 13 and 58 created the lopsided tax - burden equation .
The growing tax - burden imbalance reflects the fact that houses change hands far more frequently than commercial properties .
Under Proposition 13 , the tax rate is capped at 1 percent of a property 's assessed value , and that value can be increased by no more than 2 percent annually .
That formula is kept in place until the property is sold , at which time it is reassessed to determine its value at the current market rate .
What she concluded after gathering data and crunching numbers from the assessor 's office was startling :
Although the countywide property tax burden was almost equally shared between homeowners and commercial property owners in 1978 , " by 2008 , homeowners were paying two - thirds and commercial property owners one - third ( of property taxes ) , despite the fact that the major development in the county over those 30 years was commercial property east of ( U.S. ) 101 . "
Before she started her project , she says , " I wrote down all of my bad assumptions . "
The most erroneous among them : Commercial property owners pay more of the property tax burden than residents .
Ms. Bestor , who has an MBA from Stanford and is a former high - tech executive , collected countywide tax statistics , but her most focused research was on properties in the Menlo Park City School District .
She did a parcel - by - parcel examination of commercial properties on Santa Cruz Avenue , and residential parcels in her own Allied Arts neighborhood .
Who is prospering from Proposition 13 ?
Concerned about diminishing school funding , local parent examines effects of 1978 property tax measure , and makes some startling discoveries
Washington ( CNN ) --
Nearly three - quarters of all Americans think Tibet should be an independent country , according to a new national poll .
However , the CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey released Thursday also indicates that most Americans think it is more important to maintain good relations with China than to take a stand on Tibet .
The poll 's release came as President Obama was to meet with the Dalai Lama , Tibet 's spiritual leader in exile , at the White House .
The Dalai Lama is popular with Americans , according to the survey , with 56 percent holding a favorable view of him and only 18 percent having an unfavorable impression .
" That puts him in the same neighborhood as other major religious figures , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland .
" Favorable ratings for the pope , at 59 percent , and Billy Graham , at 57 percent , are virtually identical to the numbers for the Dalai Lama . "
The poll also indicates that 53 percent say it 's more important for the United States to take a strong stand on human rights in China than to maintain good relations with Beijing , with 44 percent saying good relations are more important .
Analysis : Meeting could hurt relations with China
By a 6 - point margin , the survey also shows that more Americans say taking a strong stand on Taiwan by force is more important than maintaining good relations with Beijing .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted February 12 - 15 , with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for the overall survey .
CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this story .
Matthew Bristow spent two years documenting the cocaine industry in Colombia .
In the first of three films , he meets the farmers , and looks at their battle with a government determined to eradicate the crop
College Basketball Bubble Watch By Mark Schlabach | ESPN.com Email
Bubble contracting as time runs out for at - large hopefuls
BracketBusters weekend took its toll on many of college basketball 's bubble teams .
Bubble Insider UConn 's tourney hopes are n't looking as precarious as a few weeks ago .
Insider breaks down some teams trying to play their way in .
Bubble Insider
• Tourney odds : Bubble battle
Teams such as Northeastern , Siena and Wichita State are left hoping they win their respective conference tournaments after suffering deflating nonconference losses over the weekend .
Teams such as Charlotte , Cincinnati , Dayton and Seton Hall are also looking for their second wind after enduring backbreaking losses in conference play .
With two weeks to go in the regular season , the NCAA tournament bubble is contracting more than ever .
If Selection Sunday were to take place today , there would be 30 teams that have probably done enough to earn a spot in the NCAA 's 65 - team field , including 25 that have earned " lock " status and five more that are sitting in the lesser " should be in " status .
The NCAA tournament will include 31 conference champions , which receive automatic bids .
But if teams such as Duke , Kansas , Purdue , Syracuse and Kentucky -- those that are already considered " locks " -- win their respective power conference tournaments , the number of available at - large bids will increase for the 31 teams that have " work left to do . "
Over the next three weeks , bubble teams also will be pulling for Cornell to win the Ivy League regular - season championship ( the Ivy has no conference tourney ) and for teams like Gonzaga and Butler and Northern Iowa to take the title in their conference tourneys .
Let 's assume a few things while trying to calculate the number of available at - large bids :
• One of the teams listed in " lock " or " should be in " status wins the Atlantic 10 , ACC , Big 12 , Big East , Big Ten , Mountain West and SEC tournaments , taking seven already - safe teams out of the equation .
• UTEP wins the Conference USA tournament .
• Butler wins the Horizon League tournament .
• Northern Iowa wins the Missouri Valley Conference tournament .
• Gonzaga wins the West Coast Conference tournament .
If we predict those aforementioned teams will win their respective conference tournaments -- and we all know anything and everything seems to happen during Championship Week -- there will be 11 fewer " lock " teams .
With 31 conference champions and 19 other " lock " or " should be in " teams filling 50 spots in the 65 - team field , there would be 15 available at - large spots for 31 remaining bubble teams .
Of course , the available allotment can change as soon as a team like Saint Louis wins the A - 10 tournament .
Here 's the latest Bubble Watch :
* Bill could drive $ 50 billion in investment elsewhere
* Angolan offshore output to double Nigeria’s
( Updates with comment on reforms )
ABUJA , Feb 23 ( Reuters ) - Nigeria 's proposed oil industry reforms could drive away $ 50 billion in investment if passed in their current form and make a bad situation for the sector even worse , Royal Dutch Shell RDSa .
L said on Tuesday .
Oil majors say the terms proposed in the Petroleum Industry Bill ( PIB ) will make it hard for them to develop new resources in deep offshore waters as well as to run current operations .
“ The PIB threatens to make a bad situation worse ...
If passed in its current form it will take years to correct its mistakes , ” Shell ’s Executive Vice President for sub-Saharan Africa , Ann Pickard , told an industry conference in Abuja .
She said she expected Nigerian offshore oil production to increase to about 1.5 million barrels per day by 2015 , but that by 2020 , Angola ’s offshore oil production would more than double that of Nigeria .
The countries rival each other as Africa ’s top oil producer .
Questor : as a second holding unravels , it is time for us to let go of European Opportunities
DES MOINES —
It took Wellmark Blue Cross and Blue Shield only about a year in 2007 to locate , assemble and buy a 6.6 - acre parcel of land from nine owners for its new headquarters in this city ’s downtown .
Next December , after 30 months of construction at a cost of $ 250 million , Wellmark is scheduled to complete the 600,000 - square - foot five - story building , which will occupy three blocks of Grand Avenue and anchor a growing downtown office and entertainment district known as the Western Gateway .
If that schedule is met , the project will have taken roughly four years from start to finish .
By the standards of most downtown construction — where land assembly alone can span half a decade or more — that is unusually fast , developers say .
But Wellmark ’s speedy pace is typical of recent commercial , residential and retail development in Des Moines , where public and private cooperation has produced a robust urban landscape matched by few cities its size .
Advertisements
In their quest to politicize everything , the Republican Party sunk to a new low today in the state of Virginia , as they are using the current record snow storm in a new ad that mocks Democrats for supporting climate change legislation .
The Republican are ignoring that events like the massive snow event are exactly what scientists are warning of .
Here is the ad courtesy of Think Progress :
Advertisements
The ad attacks Rep. Rick Boucher and Rep. Tom Periello , because they both support climate change legislation and , “ think global warming is a serious problem for Virginia … so serious they voted to kill tens of thousands of Virginia jobs just to stop it . ”
It tells viewers to , “ Call Boucher and Perriello and tell them how much global warming you get this weekend .
Maybe they ’ll come help you shovel . ”
[ googmonify ] 1234567890:right:300:250[/googmonify ]
The problem is that the ad itself is actually evidence in support of global warming .
The historic Mid-Atlantic snowstorm is exactly what climate change scientists are warning about .
Global warming does not mean strictly , higher temperatures , which is the definition that the Republicans are trying to apply .
The warming of the earth will cause weather patterns to become more extreme , not hot , but extreme , Republicans know this , so they have to mock and discredit climate change to cover up their real agenda .
Business is opposed to climate change legislation because they think it will decrease their profits .
The Republican opposition has little to do with science , and everything to do with protecting the corporate and pro-business interests that fund the GOP .
If conservatives could discover away for corporate interests to make a quick buck off of climate change legislation , they would be all for it , but they ca n’t so they will continue to mock and discredit , all the while hiding their true motives , by using silly nonsensical ads which are designed to appeal to the lowest common denominator .
It 's a new year , which means it 's time to make resolutions , take on fresh challenges , learn new things and change our lives for the better .
Perhaps you want to lose 10 pounds , travel more , or get the job you really want ?
Mashable has been building a vast archive of how - to guides on everything from professional networking to planning a vacation online — what better time to release a combined list than at the beginning of a new decade ?
If you 're looking to improve your life in 2010 , we hope you 'll find these 40 +
How - To guides useful .
You can find even more How - To guides and tips in the How - To section of this site .
Professional Goals
Many professionals today are primed to leverage online tools for success in 2010 .
Here 's a list of resources that will help you increase your ROI , whether you 're a novelist or a PR rep .
HOW TO : Implement a Social Media Business Strategy
HOW TO : Measure Social Media ROI
HOW TO : Track Social Media Analytics
HOW TO : Build the Ultimate Social Media Resume
HOW TO : Launch Your Own Indie Journalism Site
HOW TO : Plan and Promote Events With Social Media
HOW TO : Make Social Media Work for Non-Consumer Brands
HOW TO : Use Wikis for Business Projects
HOW TO : Use Social Media in Your PR Pitch Plan
HOW TO : Use Social Media to Retain Customers
HOW TO : Write a Novel Using the Web
HOW TO : Choose a Smartphone for Your Small Business
HOW TO : Choose a News Reader for Keeping Tabs on Your Industry
HOW TO : Build Your Personal Brand on LinkedIn
HOW TO : Use Facebook for Professional Networking
Top 5 Business Blogging Mistakes and How to Avoid Them
Lifestyle Goals
It would probably give you a serious case of the Blue Mondays , but if you so desired , you could manage your entire life without leaving your computer chair .
While we do n't recommend becoming Boo Radley , Mashable does have a pretty sizable cache of stories that will show you how to shop , manage your finances and learn new skills — all from the comfort of your rolly chair .
HOW TO : Learn and Practice Languages Using Social Media
HOW TO : Use the Web for Socially Responsible Shopping
HOW TO : Plan a Vacation Using Social Media
HOW TO : Manage Bills with Social Media
HOW TO : Plan a DIY Wedding Using Social Media
HOW TO : Use Social Media for Better Health
HOW TO : Get More Responses in Online Dating
Fun
From satire to songs , the web is , to put it plainly , a fun place .
Kick back with this list when you need a break from the grind .
HOW TO : Outsmart Phishers [ HUMOR ]
HOW TO : Survive Disconnect Anxiety [ HUMOR ]
HOW TO : Party Like Microsoft [ Awkward Video ]
HOW TO : Find the Name of That Song
HOW TO : Stalk Your Kids on Facebook and Twitter [ VIDEO ]
Bonus : Twitter
Twitter was the breakout success of 2009 and looks to be a vital tool for both professional and personal communications in 2010 .
In fact , we think Twitter is so important , we figured the microblogging site required its own run-down .
If you 're not yet hip to Twitter ( how 's the weather under that rock ? ) or if you just want to fine - tune your skills , check out these resources .
The Twitter Guidebook
HOW TO : Use Twitter Lists
HOW TO : Use Twitter 's New Retweet Feature
HOW TO : Get Retweeted on Twitter
HOW TO : Create Custom Twitter Backgrounds
HOW TO : Find a Job on Twitter
HOW TO : Get the Most Out of Twitter # Hashtags
HOW TO : Use Twitter Hashtags for Business
HOW TO : Build Your Personal Brand on Twitter
HOW TO : Organize a Successful Tweetup
HOW TO : Use Twitter for Customer Service
HOW TO : Live Inside Twitter and Still Stay Productive
HOW TO : Start a Petition on Twitter
[img credits : Marcin Wichary , viagallery.com , webmove ]
Climate Change Scientific Consensus Cloudy As Ever
By Nick Loris
We ’re a few days before a massive snowstorm whitewashes the District of Columbia , but the Climategate and Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change storms are already here and as fierce as ever .
Earlier this week ,
The Guardian shed a little more light on the flawed and hidden data from University of East Anglia ’s Climate Research Unit :
The apparent attempts to cover up problems with temperature data from the Chinese weather stations provide the first link between the email scandal and the UN ’s embattled climate science body , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , as a paper based on the measurements was used to bolster IPCC statements about rapid global warming in recent decades .
Wang was cleared of scientific fraud by his university , but new information brought to light today indicates at least one senior colleague had serious concerns about the affair .
It also emerges that documents which Wang claimed would exonerate him and Jones did not exist .
The revelations come at a torrid time for climate science , with the IPPC suffering heavy criticism for its use of information that had not been rigorously checked – in particular a false claim that all Himalayan glaciers could melt by 2035 . ”
The Environmental Protection agency heavily relied on the IPCC report to suggest there was a scientific consensus on global warming .
The Himalayan glacier gaffe is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to flaws in the IPCC report .
Senior Policy Analyst Ben Lieberman expands ,
Similar shenanigans appear to have gone on with the IPCC ’s claim that damage from hurricanes , floods and other natural disasters has worsened because of global warming .
Like the Himalayan glacier melt assertion , it was based on the claim of a single researcher who had not published it in the scientific literature , and who now disassociates himself from the way it was used in the IPCC report .
Indeed , when he did publish the study , he concluded that there was “ insufficient evidence ” of a link between warming and natural disaster damage . ”
Further , the IPCC ’s assessment of reductions in mountain ice in the Andes , Alps and Africa came from two sources .
One was from a magazine that discussed anecdotal evidence from mountain climbers and the other came from a student ’s dissertation .
The student was pursuing a master ’s equivalent in geography and used interviews with mountain guides for his research .
Some are suggesting the Climategate storm is subsiding with the recent exoneration of Penn State University professor Michael Mann , one of the notorious climate researchers at CSU involved in the email threads .
But the university ’s internal investigation is being called into question by the Commonwealth Foundation who feels an independent investigation would provide more credibility .
Chris Horner of the Competitive Enterprise Institute has serious issues with Penn State ’s initial report of the Mann investigation .
And Congressman Issa ( R - CA ) is leading a charge to freeze the $ 500,000 grant in stimulus money Mann received .
Do n’t worry , that money was put to good use .
The grant has generated 1.62 jobs .
The more pertinent question is : were those jobs saved or created ?
We ’re not sure what ’s worse :
The fact that some Members of Congress want to implement a cap and trade policy based on these reports that would result in $ 4.6 trillion in higher energy taxes , job losses exceeding 2.5 million and nearly $ 10 trillion lost in gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
Or , the reduction in carbon dioxide from a cap and trade bill ( and the economic pain that comes with it ) would not make a dent in the earth ’s temperature .
You can decide .
Contributing Author Nick Loris writes at The Heritage Foundation and he is a Research Assistant at The Heritage Foundation ’s Roe Institute for Economic Policy Studies .
Read more informative articles at Heritage – The Foundry
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
An Easy and More Reliable Crystal - Growing Experiment
My son and I tried growing crystals from a commercially - available crystal kit .
The results were far from impressive .
In fact , they were downright dismal .
No way will the actual results resemble the images shown on the packaging .
So we decided to try growing crystals the old - fashioned way .
Materials Needed to Grow your own Alum Crystals
Two small empty coffee jars or vertical - sided clear drinking glasses of the same size
Alum powder ( available in the supermarket where pickling supplies are sold )
Mixing spoons & a Flat stick ( Popsicle stick , or a pencil will do )
Nylon string ( fishing line works best , crystals wo n't adhere to it )
A piece of cotton cloth or flat - bottom coffee filter
Method for Growing a Clear Alum Crystal ( aluminum potassium sulfate )
Add one cup of boiling hot water to the first jar .
Using a spoon , add the powdered alum ( the chemical name is " aluminum potassium sulfate " ) one spoonful at a time , completely blending each until dissolved .
Continue doing this until you reach a state of ' super - saturation . '
You will see alum powder at the bottom of the hot water that will not dissolve into solution .
You have ' super - saturated ' the water 's ability to hold any more solids at the hot temperature .
Do not continue to add spoonfuls once you achieve super - saturation .
Cover the jar with the cotton cloth or flat - bottom coffee filter and clip it onto jar using cloths pins ( or use a rubber band , just to keep the cloth top in place ) and leave it undisturbed overnight .
Evaporation can still occur through the porous coffee filter material , albeit a lot slower than without .
This cooling and evaporation causes some alum to precipitate out of solution to the bottom of the jar where it will begin to form crystals .
The coffee filter slows the rate of evaporation which creates larger crystals .
We want at least one of these ' larger crystals . '
The next day , pour the room - temperature liquid solution of the first jar into the second jar , saving or capturing some or all of the minute ' seed crystals ' that will have already formed on the bottom .
You may need to use a pencil or spoon to ' break apart ' these from the bottom of the jar .
This next part can be a bit difficult .
Using any one of the larger crystals that precipitated to the bottom of the first jar , tie a loop of the nylon fishing line around the crystal .
Attach the other end to a pencil or flat stick and suspend this crystal in the room - temperature solution of the second jar .
Be sure this crystal on the string is fully immersed into the fluid , and also that it does not touch the sides or bottom of the jar .
Cover this second jar with the coffee filter as we did before , and wait .
It may take several days but this ' seed crystal ' will quite reliably grow .
If other crystals form on the sides of the jar , remove the hanging crystal and pour the cool liquid onto another clean jar or glass , and re-introduce the hanging crystal to it , and re-cover it with the coffee filter
You do not want crystals in the same jar competing for the available dissolved alum .
Your crystal on a string will grow larger if you do this .
Keeping the crystal growing chambers ( ' jars ' ) in a room with constant temperature and out of direct contact with sunlight works best .
Changes of temperature cause different rates of super - saturation and under-saturation .
If the room and solution becomes warmer , the solution changes toward under- saturation ( can withstand more alum dissolved ) at a rate faster than the evaporation can maintain supersaturation .
- The crystal will stop growing and may even slowly ( but temporarily ) dissolve back into solution until the temperature returns to stable , or cooling .
You want the super - saturated solution to maintain steady temperature or even under slightly & progressively cooling temperatures such as what occurs in late summer or early fall , and you want this solution to evaporate slowly .
A Typical Alum Crystal
( this one is colored with chrome during growth , giving it the purple color )
( image source ) ( single crystal of a synthetic chrome alum with common octahedral shape )
When the seed crystal on the string reaches a pleasing size ( perhaps 3 / 4 of an inch or a bit larger , ) it can be removed from the solution and the string snipped away with fingernail clippers .
Being nylon , this string may be nearly invisible in the clear crystal .
Allow this crystal to sit upon a paper towel and gently dab and roll it around until completely dry .
Leaving it ' wet ' until it evaporates dry may cause minute mini-seed crystals to form on the surface , leaving your beautiful alum crystal with a smoky white haze all over .
If you do this correctly , the resulting crystal will be clear or water - clear .
At least , this is how I remember it from chemistry in school .
I am expecting to have better luck with this more reliable home crystal - growing experiment than with the commercially - bought one that clearly is never going to create the same effect as the picture on the label .
Grow Larger Alum Crystals
Alum crystals can be grown to much larger sizes if you wish .
I have seen fist - sized crystals grown using methods similar to this , but the smaller ones ( under 3/4 - inch ) look the best I think .
DUBAI restaurants will face stiff fines for cooking with alcohol , a United Arab Emirates newspaper has reported .
The National reported that Dubai 's municipality sent a notice to restaurants banning the sale of dishes cooked with alcohol and threatened fines of up to 20,000 dirhams ( $ 5,948 ) .
Restaurants had ignored a previous ban on using alcohol , a common element in dishes such as sushi and Teriyaki sauce , and in European cuisine .
" There have been a lot of violations , with hotels often hiding content of alcohol in food from customers , " the newspaper quoted Ahmed al - Ali , the head of food inspections at the municipality , as saying .
He added that the decision was taken in part after customer complaints .
" This is a Muslim society and visitors to our hotels are our guests .
It is important to ensure they are informed about everything , " he said .
Islam forbids the production , sale and consumption of alcohol , but Dubai 's ban applies only to cooking .
Licensed hotels and restaurants with a permit will still be allowed to sell alcoholic drinks .
" If implemented this is going to affect the food industry .
In fact , it will change the taste of food in Dubai 's hotels , " the manager of a Japanese restaurant told the newspaper .
Mr Abdulmutallab's court appearance lasted less than five minutes A " not guilty " plea has been entered on behalf of the Nigerian man accused of attempting to detonate a bomb on a Detroit - bound plane on Christmas Day .
A Detroit judge took the action after Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab declined to enter a plea during his first court appearance .
Mr Abdulmutallab , 23 , is charged with the attempted murder of 290 people and five other counts .
The incident has led to dozens of new security measures being introduced .
Mr Abdulmutallab , wearing leg shackles , walked slowly into the court room .
He confirmed his name and its spelling , as well as his age in a soft voice , prompting the judge to ask him to speak up .
IN COURT Matthew Price
BBC News , Detroit Without warning , and five minutes before the case was due to start , there he was .
The man who faces six charges , including attempting to blow up a plane and kill the 289 other passengers and crew on 253 to Detroit on Christmas Day , hobbled in perhaps because of the injuries sustained or the leg irons he was wearing .
A short young man , he sat in a chair and for several moments listened and nodded to his lawyers .
He looked up slowly , his eyes staring with a slightly vacant look at the court .
His shoulders were hunched .
Abdulmutallab impassive in court Asked if he had had time to read the indictment , he answered " yes " .
He also confirmed he understood the charges .
Asked if he had taken any drugs in the previous 24 hours , he said he had taken some pain killers .
Mr Abdulmutallab was treated for burns after his arrest at Detroit airport after he allegedly tried to detonate a device concealed in his underwear on Northwest Flight 253 from Amsterdam to Detroit .
The plane landed safely after passengers and crew overpowered him .
He faces life imprisonment if found guilty .
Political fallout
The attempted attack prompted widespread criticism of US intelligence services for failing to prevent the plot .
THE CHARGES
Attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction Attempted murder within the special aircraft jurisdiction of the US Wilful attempt to destroy and wreck an aircraft Wilfully placing a destructive device in or near an aircraft which was likely to endanger the safety of the aircraft
Two counts of possession of a firearm , ie the bomb , in furtherance of violent crime On Thursday , President Barack Obama announced new terrorist watch list guidelines and other security upgrades .
While criticising " systemic " failings , he said : " The buck stops with me . "
The US had failed to " connect and understand " intelligence received prior to the failed attack on the airliner , he added , delivering a televised statement from the White House on Thursday .
He announced that he was ordering an immediate strengthening of the terrorist watch list .
Information on security risks would be distributed more widely and analysis of that information would be improved .
Also among more than a dozen new measures were improved screening technology at US airports , the recruitment of hundreds more air marshals and a review of the issuing of US visas .
Announcing the conclusions of an urgent White House review , Mr Obama said the US government had " had the information scattered throughout the system to potentially uncover this plot and disrupt the attack " .
Mr Abdulmutallab's name was on a US database of about 550,000 suspected terrorists but not on a list that would have subjected him to additional security screening or kept him from boarding the flight from Amsterdam to Detroit .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
2 SHARES
Editor ’s note :
This is the second in a series of stories on how new technology is giving researchers a glimpse of the critical nearshore area of the Great Lakes
One of the Environmental Protection Agency ’s newest members uses side - scan sonar to look at the watery depths of Lake Michigan .
Fanning its sound waves down to the lake floor , it searches for the returning signals bouncing off the bottom in search of bounty–it found a shipwreck last year .
But the Triaxus Towed Undulator does more than treasure hunts .
Beneath the water , it glides behind the Lake Guardian , the agency ’s research vessel .
With its quick data collection , the agency can do in days what would otherwise take a year , said Glenn Warren , team leader for the agency ’s environmental monitoring and indicators group in the Great Lakes National Program Office .
The Triaxus studies the water and the lake bottom .
Its sensors calculate oxygen amounts , test water quality , count plankton , measure chlorophyll and analyze nitrate while viewing the bottom with sonar .
The agency purchased the Triaxus in May 2008 .
It used it to examine parts of Lake Ontario that same year .
The agency began study of Lake Michigan last fall .
“ Next … we ’ll do Lake Michigan and at least the U.S. half of Lake Superior , ” Warren said .
The goal is to provide a general view of nearshore patterns , he said .
“ Once we get that information we can perhaps develop indicators based on the different sensory information , ” he said .
“ Then we can start comparing that year to year . ”
For example , Warren said , if they knew the area where a river entered the lake , they could determine chlorophyll and zooplankton levels at that point within the nearshore area .
Those measurements could be compared with past years to see how the river affected the nearshore .
The data gaps are real , as is the need to fill them .
“ The difficulties are that it ’s a variable environment , so you can go along the shore and get very different chemical and biological readings for measurements and that has led to people not sampling it very frequently or very well , ” he said .
Yesterday : Exploring below the Great Lakes ’ surface
Tomorrow : Stealth II hovers with cameras over lake bottom
PARIS  Japan will not join in any agreement to ban international trade in Atlantic bluefin tuna under the United Nations treaty on endangered species , the country ’s top fisheries negotiator said .
The negotiator , Masanori Miyahara , said in a telephone interview this week that Japan “ would have no choice but to take a reservation ”  in effect , to ignore the ban and leave its market open to continued imports  if the bluefin tuna were granted most - endangered species status .
“ It ’s a pity , ” he said , “ but it ’s a matter of principle . ”
Mr. Miyahara , Japan ’s top delegate to the United Nations Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora , referred to as Cites , said the convention was the wrong forum for managing the fishing of the bluefin tuna .
Image A French retailer checked bluefin tuna .
Japan objected to conservation and management of the fish by the United Nations .
Credit ... Christophe Ena / Associated Press
A formal proposal for a ban  which requires the approval of two - thirds of its 175 member countries  is scheduled to be presented at a Cites meeting next month in Doha , Qatar .
( CNN ) --
The world has inched further away from doom and nuclear disaster , said a group of respected scientists that includes 19 Nobel Laureates .
The symbolic Doomsday Clock has been moved back a minute , reflecting the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists ' more optimistic view of the world 's chances of avoiding catastrophic threats such as nuclear attacks .
The clock is now set at six minutes to midnight , with midnight representing a nuclear apocalypse , according to the group , which is based in Chicago , Illinois .
" We are poised to bend the arc of history toward a world free of nuclear weapons .
For the first time since atomic bombs were dropped in 1945 , leaders of nuclear weapons states are cooperating to vastly reduce their arsenals and secure all nuclear bomb - making material , " the scientists said in a statement Thursday .
The Doomsday Clock was created in 1947 and had been adjusted only 18 times before Thursday , the group said .
The closest it has been to midnight is two minutes , from 1953 to 1960 , after the Soviet Union and the United States stepped up testing of thermonuclear devices .
The farthest has been 17 minutes , from 1991 to 1995 , after the signing of the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty .
" A key to the new era of cooperation is a change in the U.S. government 's orientation toward international affairs , brought about in part by the election of [ President Barack ] Obama , " the group said .
" With a more pragmatic , problem - solving approach , not only has Obama initiated new arms - reduction talks with Russia , he has started negotiations with Iran to close its nuclear enrichment program , and directed the U.S. government to lead a global effort to secure loose fissile material in four years .
" He also presided over the U.N. Security Council last September , where he supported a fissile material cutoff treaty and encouraged all countries to live up to their disarmament and nonproliferation obligations under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty , " said the group , which added that much more work needs to be done .
Threats remain around the world , the scientists said , noting that governments might not live up to pledges to reduce nuclear arms and combat climate change .
Scientists and other experts who had produced the atomic bomb for the Manhattan Project established the group in 1945 , its Web site said .
Phoenix police involved in shooting , no officers injured Police responded to an incident in Phoenix Wednesday night and were involved in a shooting , but no officers were injured .
Sears
Fire northeast of metro Phoenix stabilizes , containment increases
After steadily growing since igniting last week , the Sears Fire northeast of metro Phoenix appears to have stabilized and containment continues to increase .
Health insurer Anthem to pay Arizona $ 280 K of $ 39.5 M settlement Arizona will get a share of a multimillion - dollar settlement from health insurer
Anthem over a cyberattack on its technology that exposed the personal information of nearly 79 million people .
Arizona health and school leaders warn against ending mask mandates Arizona health leaders and the state ’s top education official are calling for the continuation of face mask requirements to combat the spread of COVID - 19 .
Ducey unveils plan to start equipping Arizona troopers with body cams
The plan announced by Gov. Doug Ducey calls for the Arizona Department of Public Safety to provide troopers with 150 body cameras in the coming months .
Banner Health introducing artificial intelligence to stroke care Banner Health has partnered with an artificial intelligence technology that will give doctors the ability to quickly treat stroke patients .
ADOT receives $ 23 million reimbursement for road repairs
The federal grant money that the Arizona Department of Transportation received will reimburse the department for repairing roads after floods and wildfires .
It was a good year in the online crafting world .
Here ’s a list of 100 craft and sewing tutorials of 2009 , not ranked in a particular order .
I made a similar list last year that continues to be popular .
This year I decided to include my own tutorials !
Feel free to comment and link to your favorites , as I ’m sure that I ’ve left many off the list .
It ’s amazing how much creativity is out there .
So go make something in 2010 .
Happy New Year !
Those marked with an asterisk are pictured above .
BAGS , POUCHES & PURSES
Buttercup Bag from Made by Rae .*
Phoebe Bag from Artsy Crafty Babe .
Diana Hobo from Think Liz .
Ruffled Messenger Bag from Between the Lines .
Basic Messenger Bag from Mmmcrafts .
Lunch Bag from Amy Karol for Etsy ’s How - Tuesday .
Kate ’s Notebook Lunchbag from Design Sponge .
Reusable Snack Bag from We Wilsons .
Apple Backpack from Alpha Mom .
Shoe Bag from Betz White .
The Everything Pocket Bag from Chickpea Sewing Studio .
Earth Day Spa Set from Stardust Shoes for Michael Miller Fabrics .
Little House Pouch from The Long Thread .*
Boat Tote from The Long Thread .
Water Bottle Tote from The Long Thread .
World ’s largest snowman was set in 2008 in Bethel , Maine .
Olympia SnowWoman , the world ’s largest snow ( wo ) man is created by Jim Mann and his crew at Mt. Mann Jewelers .
The SnowWoman stood 122 feet 1 inch ( 37.21 m ) in height , weight : 13,000,000 lbs. of snow , and was named Olympia Snowe .
The previous record was also a snowman built in Bethel , Maine , in February 1999 .
The snowman was named “ Angus , King of the Mountain ” .
It was 113 feet 7 inches ( 34.62 m ) tall and weighed over 9,000,000 pounds ( 4,080,000 kg ) .
The World ’s Smallest ‘ snowman ’ was created by Dr David Cox , a member of the Quantum Detection group at the laboratory .
Well , it looks like a snowman , but this minuscule model — about a fifth the width of a human hair — is not made out of snow .
It ’s constructed of two tiny tin beads that are usually used to calibrate an electron microscope , and welded together with platinum .
To celebrate the start of the last season , and to promote their newest ski resort , the Galtür region in Austria built Europe ’s largest snowman .
The 53 foot tall snow sculpture is called Emil , and stands at the bottom of their new kiddie slopes .
The Ski resort used to be a collection of various challenging slopes , but for 2009 , designers divided things into 6 different zones and renamed the area “ Silvapark ” .
Overall it took 5 days to build this monster , which stands at over 16 m tall ( 53 feet ) , looks across the Paznaun valley in Tirol Austria .
Galtur is right beside Ischgl , perhaps a better know skiing resort .
Do you have pictures of your snowmen ?
Send your pictures : Snowman pictures
He disapproved of James Bond - " far too dramatic " - stayed faithful to one woman all his life , and would rather watch Pride and Prejudice than secret agent films on TV .
Yet retired Royal Navy Lieutenant Commander Patrick Dalzel - Job , whose death at age 90 was announced in Scotland yesterday , came closer than any other candidate to being the true - life original of Ian Fleming 's Bond .
He could ski backwards , navigate a midget submarine , and undertake the riskiest parachute jumps .
His second world war exploits are the epitome of derring - do behind enemy lines .
And , like Bond , he sometimes defied authority .
Sent to wartime Norway but ordered not to get involved with civilians , Dalzel - Job saved the people of Narvik from a Nazi reprisal bombing raid by evacuating them in fishing boats .
He avoided a court martial only by the king of Norway awarding him a Knights Cross of St Olaf First Class .
He commanded one of the teams led by Ian Fleming , who had joined the Royal Navy for the war 's duration , in the undercover 30 Assault Unit that raided occupied Europe .
Rear Admiral Jan Aylen , another commander in the unit , described Dalzel - Job as " one of the most enterprising , plucky and resourceful " people that the war produced .
When he published his memoir , From Arctic Snow to Dust of Normandy , in 1991 , the Queen Mother 's private secretary wrote on her behalf to say it was " a fascinating tale " that would have pride of place in her library .
A contemporary in Fleming 's unit , Peter Jemmett , told a newspaper that colleagues recognised Dalzel - Job as the Bond prototype immediately the first spy novels appeared in the 1950s .
He added : " In contrast to a number of people who have claimed that they were the James Bond , Patrick has never made any fuss about it . "
Dalzel - Job did say in one interview that , after the books ' success , their author had told him he was a role model for the heroic Bond .
" I prefer the quiet life now , " Dalzel - Job went on .
" When you have led such an exciting life you do n't need to see a fictional account of it . "
One reason Dalzel - Job was sent to Norway was that he knew its coastline from his 20s , when he sailed up and down it with his mother and a Norwegian schoolgirl named Bjorg as crew .
After the war , he traced and married Bjorg ; they settled quietly in the West Highlands and he became a teacher .
She died of cancer in the 1980s .
" I have only ever loved one woman , " he said afterwards .
Flyfire , a project initiated by the SENSEable City Laboratory in collaboration with ARES Lab ( Aerospace Robotics and Embedded Systems Laboratory ) aims to transform any ordinary space into a highly immersive and interactive display environment .
In its first implementation , the Flyfire project sets out to explore the capabilities of this display system by using a large number of self - organizing micro helicopters .
Each helicopter contains small LEDs and acts as a smart pixel .
Through precisely controlled movements , the helicopters perform elaborate and synchronized motions and form an elastic display surface for any desired scenario .
With the self - stabilizing and precise controlling technology from the ARES Lab , the motion of the pixels is adaptable in real time .
The Flyfire canvas can transform itself from one shape to another or morph a two - dimensional photographic image into an articulated shape .
The pixels are physically engaged in transitioning images from one state to another , which allows the Flyfire canvas to demonstrate a spatially animated viewing experience .
Somebody in Wisconsin does n't like President Barack Obama all that much .
An unnamed company has paid for a billboard along Highway 41 in Oshkosh that reads , " Impeach Obama . "
The tagline says : " America 's small businesses are failing ; help us spread the message . "
It was paid for by an unnamed company represented by Tom Wroblewski who told the AP the sentiment is that Washington politics are bad for small businesses .
The billboard is scheduled to remain up for at least six months , at a cost of $ 1,000 per month .
Jef Hall is the chairman of the Winnebago County Democratic Party .
He says having a bad opinion of the president does n't mean there 's been an impeachable offense .
Wroblewski says despite the billboard 's language , he 's not suggesting Obama committed an impeachable offense .
Huh ?
It 's snow joke : The Vancouver Winter Games are here !
Check out NBCChicago 's full coverage , fan us on Facebook , and follow us on Twitter .
Jesus Weeps : Pastor Mark Driscoll Calls ‘ Avatar ’ The Most Satanic Film Ever
Let me get thing clear right off the go : I have a significant religious background .
For eight years or so , I went to church three times a week or more , was part of a Christian drama group that performed all over the country , and even taught Sunday School to kids ages 6 - 12 for a couple of years .
With that said : those days have long since past for me now , and I ’ve made a long and slow transition from happily optimistic to cautiously agnostic ( forgive me , I watched Woody Allen ’s Manhattan the other night ) .
Nonetheless , when I see and hear things like this story that you ’re about to read , it absolutely infuriates me .
Founder and Pastor of the Mars Hill Church in Seattle , WA , Mark Driscoll has been making quite a name for himself as of late .
With his young , hip , and energetic appearance , and his grasp on what ’s “ cool , ” he ’s custom built to attract the multitudes of young people who seek guidance and answers in their life , and he and his church have been gaining popularity at an amazing rate .
In this , there is absolutely nothing wrong ; if these kids seek guidance and he offers them some hope , all power to him .
Continue reading on for a lot more and to watch a video clip .
Instead , as it would appear , Driscoll is after just a little more than to help people …he ’s out for pure , unfiltered attention at the most maximum of levels .
And what better way to bring in some great attention than to bash the box office destroying juggernaut that is James Cameron ‘s Avatar ?
During his sermon on Valentine ’s Day , Driscoll lashed out at Avatar , calling it “ the most demonic , satanic film I ’ve ever seen , ” and saying that its presentation of false gods and heavens and its portrayal of spiritual connections with the plants and animals of nature are all anti-God .
Even worse , he tried to validate his negativity with a few layers about how they just filmed on the Spartacus set and that he and his friends love technology and the arts … just not Satan !
This man chose to eviscerate Avatar — out of all the possible movies that you could extract some kind of Satanic implications from …he chose Avatar .
Look , if someone does n’t like a movie , or does n’t want to see a movie for whatever reason , fine , that ’s everyone ’s right .
But to dig down so deep and to go so unbelievably out of your way just to bash on a movie this hard ; to make it out to be some sort of hidden tool of the Devil to enter the souls of those who watch it — that ’s the stuff that makes me sick to my stomach .
Other churches and religions that actually care about the messages that they share , whether it be to one person or ten people , are made to look bad by people like this who have an addiction to the spotlight .
These people listen to the words that you speak ; do n’t preach this manufactured garbage to them and make up lies about someone ’s hard work just to bring some kind of undiscovered enemy to your beliefs .
There ’s not one need for it , it does no one any good at all , and you make a complete fool of yourself to the world .
If you hated the movie THAT much , ask nicely for your $ 10 back , go home , and for all of our sakes , shut the hell up .
What ’s even better about it all : on his Twitter account , Driscoll listed off a few of his completely Jesus - friendly favorite bands , such as Interpol , Gaslight Anthem , Thrice , Arcade Fire , Kings of Leon , Jimmy Eat World , Social Distortion , The Forecast , Death Cab for Cutie , Decembrists , 16 Horsepower , and Placebo .
And while this is a nice little party of talented bands to us , I think this may be a tad secular for God ’s tastes .
One thing people need to realize about religion leaders is that they do n’t ALL care as passionately about their beliefs as others ; some are part of this incredibly messed up corporate machine that is in the religion business for what I like to call “ Jesus Money . ”
These people make ridiculous amounts of income from their congregations and others who donate their money and purchase various other items that they produce .
This is the vibe I get from Mark Driscoll and his Mars Hill Church .
Someone who is involved in religion with hopes of finding visual and financial success .
I may be wrong , and if I am , I do apologize , but that does n’t change the fact that a movie was made out to be the ultimate evil for no reason whatsoever .
You can take almost any movie and claim that its characters and messages have religious symbolism and undertones , but unless that movie is The Chronicles of Narnia , your allegorical hunting party ’s efforts will remain futile .
If you do support this kind of organization for some reason , well … you can head to Driscoll ’s church website to give him your money , or you can head to his blog and buy his book .
It even comes with a free t- shirt .
Here ’s a video from Mr. Driscoll ’s sermon and his hatred of Avatar .
My reaction was strong , as you can tell , but you can judge for yourselves here .
Video
Did Ron Paul just launch his campaign for the GOP presidential nomination in 2012 ?
To anyone who watched any of the other Republican stars give their speeches at this year ’s Conservative Political Action Conference , the difference between Paul and the rest was clearly one of enthusiasm and volume .
Indeed , it seems objective to report that the libertarian - leaning doctor from Texas was greeted more like a rock star than a politician .
ADVERTISEMENT
And , Politico notes , he was the only speaker at CPAC to completely fill the convention hall .
“ Sounds to me like the revolution is alive and well ! ” he said , eliciting another volley of cheers .
“ Quite a few here !
Ten thousand people , all interested in promoting good government , limited government and personal liberty ! ”
Paul ’s Campaign for Liberty could be better described as one of the founding organizations of what ’s been more broadly termed the tea parties .
While not yet a cohesive force in U.S. politics , many of those associated tend to be conservative leaning and much has been made among mainline Republicans to try and attract greater support therein .
Paul even warned recently that “ neocon influence ” has begun to infiltrate the glut of tea parties .
Paul , however , wants to engage liberals and progressives as well , who he ’s cited as having similar qualms with the government .
Plus , his core issues , such as creating transparency at the Federal Reserve , recalling overseas soldiers and ending the drug war , are “ not what is generally heard from the Republican party , ” he ’s said .
At CPAC , his unusually rowdy band of supporters even flexed a bit of political moxie as Paul elicited jeers by mentioning President Woodrow Wilson , a Democrat who left office in 1921 .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I believe we are on the verge of something very significant , ” Paul told the crowd .
He even took a jab at mainstream media , asking supporters if they remembered the presidential campaigns , when he was the guy “ off in the corner ” predicting economic doom .
“ All the sudden , the crash that I had predicting all along : it came , ” he said .
“ And now , Fox News TV has had me on about 60 times since the campaign was over . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
His message , he said , would continue to be attractive because its core is simply advocating greater freedom .
“ Freedom does n’t challenge a person ’s personal values , ” Paul said .
“ It does n’t challenge a person ’s religious values .
They only say , come together on your terms , as long as you do n’t mess with me .
… I preach change , I want a lot of change .
But I want non-violent change , and resistance to the current system . ”
His full speech in three parts is below , culled from C - Span by MoxNews.com .
ADVERTISEMENT
Something odd in the CRUTEM3 station errors
Out of the blue I got a
Ilya went on to say that he was having a hard time reproducing the Met Office 's numbers .
I encouraged him to write a blog post with an example .
He did that ( and it looks like he had to create a
The trouble was Ilya 's numbers did n't match the Met Office's .
And his numbers were n't off by a constant factor or constant difference .
They followed a similar pattern to the Met Office 's , but they were not correct .
At first I assumed Ilya was wrong and so I checked and double checked has calculations .
His calculations looked right ; the Met Office numbers looked wrong .
Then I wrote out the mathematics from the Brohan et al. paper and looked for where the error could be .
And I found the source .
I quickly emailed Ilya and boarded the plane to dream of CRUTEM and HadCRUT as I tried to sleep upright .
Mathematical Interlude
The station error consists of three components : the measurement error , the homogenisation error and the normal error .
The first two are estimated in the paper as 0.03 °C and 0.4 °C respectively .
The normal error is calculated from the standard deviation information in the station files .
The formula for the normal error for a single month , i , is as follows :
Unfortunately , the paper uses rather sloppy mathematical language because the N on the left is not the N on the right , the subscript i is n't defined , and so I am going to express this a bit more clearly as follows :
This means that normal error for month i is the standard deviation for month i ( that 's σ i ) divided by the square root of the number of years used to generate the normal values in the station files ( which I call m i ) .
Typically we have :
because 30 years of data from 1961 to 1990 are used .
In cases where less than 30 years are available ( because of missing data ) then a number less than 30 is used .
Now to get the station error , ε i , the three error components are joined together by
That works for any grid square where for any month there 's just a single station reporting a temperature , but in general there are more .
So when there are many station errors they are averaged using a
Suppose there are n stations each with a station error ε i , j ( to which I 've added the subscript j to differentiate them ) then the final station error for a month i is as follows :
Return to narrative
What Ilya had discovered was that the formula above ( from the paper ) works only when there is a single station in a grid square .
When there were two or more it failed ; that 's when he approached me asking for help .
What I discovered at the airport was that if you replaced the number 30 with 15 the formula worked and the values for station errors for grid squares containing exactly two stations were now correct .
Both Ilya and I came to the same conclusion that in fact the number 15 was n't picked from thin air , but in fact was 30 divided by 2 ( the number of stations in the grid square ) .
We both tested this hypothesis on squares with more than two stations and found that it worked .
So it appears that the normal error used as part of the calculation of the station error is being scaled by the number of stations in the grid square .
This leads to an odd situation that Ilya noted : the more stations in a square the worse the error range .
That 's counterintuitive , you 'd expect the more observations the better estimate you 'd have .
Examples
Ilya had shown me an example in 1947 , but I did n't want to take his word for it ( although he later showed me a program to check all the stations errors so I should have believed him ) , and so I took a look at three locations in January 1850 .
For these three locations all the data underlying CRUTEM3 had been released :
1 . The grid square which consists of the single station 723660 : this corresponds to the grid square with corner 35N , 105W .
Here the Met Office data gives station errors of : 0.5072 0.5424 0.4857 0.4962 - 1e+30 - 1e+30 0.4407 0.4407 - 1e+30 0.4756 - 1e+30 0.5186 .
The strange negative numbers are missing data ( it 's missing because in the underlying file there are no normals for 1850 in those months , although the actual normals are n't needed for the station error calculation so it does n't matter ) .
Using the formula from the paper give the correct answer : 0.5072 0.5424 0.4857 0.4962 0.4486 0.4756 0.4407 0.4407 0.4661 0.4756 0.5072 0.5186 .
This makes sense since our correction value of 1 for 1 station in the square does n't change the formula .
There is , however , something else wrong with this .
The paper says that if less than 30 years of data are available the number m i should be set to the number of years .
In 723660 there are only 17 years of data , so this station error appears to have been incorrectly calculated based on 30 years .
2 . The grid square which consists of the two stations 753041 , 756439 : this corresponds to the grid square with corner 35N , 80W .
Here the Met Office data gives station errors of : 0.6168 0.569 0.5452 0.4008 0.4345 0.3642 0.3373 0.353 0.3881 0.4624 0.4076 0.5767 and using the formula from the paper ( without our correction ) : 0.4801 0.4496 0.4346 0.3472 0.3669 0.3264 0.3116 0.3202 0.3399 0.3836 0.3511 0.4545 .
If a correction of 2 is used so that each σ i is divided by the square root of 15 instead of 30 the correct values are generated .
3 . The grid square which consists of the four stations 720388 , 724080 , 756192 , 756490 : this corresponds to the grid square with corner 35N , 75W .
Here the Met Office data gives station errors of : 0.5073 0.4409 0.4329 0.3361 0.3286 0.2905 0.2712 0.2807 0.2973 0.3739 0.3325 0.4613 and using the formula from the paper ( without our correction ) : 0.3074 0.2807 0.2775 0.2417 0.2391 0.2264 0.2204 0.2233 0.2286 0.2552 0.2404 0.2887 .
If a correction of 4 is used so that each σ i is divided by the square root of 7.5 instead of 30 the correct values are generated .
Conclusion
I have no idea why the correction given in this blog post by Ilya and I works : perhaps it indicates a genuine bug in the software used to generate CRUTEM3 , perhaps it means Ilya and I have failed to understand something , or perhaps it indicates a missing explanation from Brohan et al .
I also do n't understand why when there are less than 30 years of data the number 30 appears to still be used .
If these are bugs then it indicates that CRUTEM3 will need to be reissued because the error ranges will be all wrong .
I 've emailed the Met Office asking them to help .
If you see an error in our working please let us know !
Out of the blue I got a comment on my blog about CRUTEM3 station errors .
The commenter wanted to know if I 'd tried to verify them : I said I had n't since not all the underlying data for CRUTEM3 had been released .
The commenter ( who I now know to be someone called Ilya Goz ) correctly pointed out that although a subset had been released , for some years and some locations on the globe that subset was in fact the entire set of data and so the errors could be checked .
Ilya went on to say that he was having a hard time reproducing the Met Office 's numbers .
I encouraged him to write a blog post with an example .
He did that ( and it looks like he had to create a blog to do it ) .
Sitting in the departures lounge at SFO I read through his blog post and Brohan et al . .
Ilya 's reasoning seemed sound , his example was clear and I checked his underlying data against that given by the Met Office .
The trouble was Ilya 's numbers did n't match the Met Office's .
And his numbers were n't off by a constant factor or constant difference .
They followed a similar pattern to the Met Office 's , but they were not correct .
At first I assumed Ilya was wrong and so I checked and double checked has calculations .
His calculations looked right ; the Met Office numbers looked wrong .
Then I wrote out the mathematics from the Brohan et al. paper and looked for where the error could be .
And I found the source .
I quickly emailed Ilya and boarded the plane to dream of CRUTEM and HadCRUT as I tried to sleep upright .
The station error consists of three components : the measurement error , the homogenisation error and the normal error .
The first two are estimated in the paper as 0.03 °C and 0.4 °C respectively .
The normal error is calculated from the standard deviation information in the station files .
The formula for the normal error for a single month , , is as follows : Unfortunately , the paper uses rather sloppy mathematical language because theon the left is not theon the right , the subscriptis n't defined , and so I am going to express this a bit more clearly as follows :
This means that normal error for monthis the standard deviation for month ( that 's ) divided by the square root of the number of years used to generate the normal values in the station files ( which I call ) .
Typically we have : because 30 years of data from 1961 to 1990 are used .
In cases where less than 30 years are available ( because of missing data ) then a number less than 30 is used .
Now to get the station error , , the three error components are joined together by quadrature as follows :
That works for any grid square where for any month there 's just a single station reporting a temperature , but in general there are more .
So when there are many station errors they are averaged using a root mean square and then divided by the square root of the number of stations .
Suppose there arestations each with a station error ( to which I 've added the subscriptto differentiate them ) then the final station error for a monthis as follows : What Ilya had discovered was that the formula above ( from the paper ) works only when there is a single station in a grid square .
When there were two or more it failed ; that 's when he approached me asking for help .
What I discovered at the airport was that if you replaced the number 30 with 15 the formula worked and the values for station errors for grid squares containing exactly two stations were now correct .
Both Ilya and I came to the same conclusion that in fact the number 15 was n't picked from thin air , but in fact was 30 divided by 2 ( the number of stations in the grid square ) .
We both tested this hypothesis on squares with more than two stations and found that it worked .
So it appears that the normal error used as part of the calculation of the station error is being scaled by the number of stations in the grid square .
This leads to an odd situation that Ilya noted : the more stations in a square the worse the error range .
That 's counterintuitive , you 'd expect the more observations the better estimate you 'd have .
Ilya had shown me an example in 1947 , but I did n't want to take his word for it ( although he later showed me a program to check all the stations errors so I should have believed him ) , and so I took a look at three locations in January 1850 .
For these three locations all the data underlying CRUTEM3 had been released : 1 . The grid square which consists of the single station : this corresponds to the grid square with corner 35N , 105W .
Here the Met Office data gives station errors of : .
The strange negative numbers are missing data ( it 's missing because in the underlying file there are no normals for 1850 in those months , although the actual normals are n't needed for the station error calculation so it does n't matter ) .
Using the formula from the paper give the correct answer : .
This makes sense since our correction value of 1 for 1 station in the square does n't change the formula .
There is , however , something else wrong with this .
The paper says that if less than 30 years of data are available the numbershould be set to the number of years .
In 723660 there are only 17 years of data , so this station error appears to have been incorrectly calculated based on 30 years .
2 .
The grid square which consists of the two stations : this corresponds to the grid square with corner 35N , 80W .
Here the Met Office data gives station errors of : and using the formula from the paper ( without our correction ) : .
If a correction of 2 is used so that eachis divided by the square root of 15 instead of 30 the correct values are generated .
3 .
The grid square which consists of the four stations : this corresponds to the grid square with corner 35N , 75W .
Here the Met Office data gives station errors of : and using the formula from the paper ( without our correction ) : .
If a correction of 4 is used so that eachis divided by the square root of 7.5 instead of 30 the correct values are generated .
I have no idea why the correction given in this blog post by Ilya and I works : perhaps it indicates a genuine bug in the software used to generate CRUTEM3 , perhaps it means Ilya and I have failed to understand something , or perhaps it indicates a missing explanation from Brohan et al .
I also do n't understand why when there are less than 30 years of data the number 30 appears to still be used .
If these are bugs then it indicates that CRUTEM3 will need to be reissued because the error ranges will be all wrong .
I 've emailed the Met Office asking them to help .
If you see an error in our working please let us know !
Labels : climate change Available Now The Geek Atlas
With this unique traveler 's guide , you 'll learn about 128 destinations around the world where discoveries in science , mathematics , or technology occurred or is happening now .
Travel to Munich to see the world 's largest science museum , watch Foucault 's pendulum swinging in Paris , ponder a descendant of Newton 's apple tree at Trinity College , Cambridge , and more .
Each site in The Geek Atlas focuses on discoveries or inventions , and includes information about the people and the science behind them .
With this unique traveler 's guide , you 'll learn about 128 destinations around the world where discoveries in science , mathematics , or technology occurred or is happening now .
Travel to Munich to see the world 's largest science museum , watch Foucault 's pendulum swinging in Paris , ponder a descendant of Newton 's apple tree at Trinity College , Cambridge , and more .
Each site in The Geek Atlas focuses on discoveries or inventions , and includes information about the people and the science behind them .
GNU Make Unleashed
230 pages of GNU Make from basics to advanced .
Covering topics not covered in other GNU Make books such as : eliminating recursive make , doing arithmetic , Makefile debugging techniques and more .
Everything you wanted to know about making real Makefiles .
Search Enter your search terms Web www.jgc.org
Submit search form Previous Posts A compliment from The Times
New version of CRUTEM3 and HADCRUT3
John 's Amazing Diet Secrets Revealed !
£ 1,000 for Bletchley Park thanks to The Geek Atlas ...
The squawking Squaw King was stabbed in a stab bed ...
Price drop on GNU Make Unleashed
A not very illuminating reply from the Met Office
Update list of my GNU Make articles
Stay classy , SoftwareFX , stay classy
Met Office has confirmed that it's ok to use the e... 230 pages of GNU Make from basics to advanced .
Covering topics not covered in other GNU Make books such as : eliminating recursive make , doing arithmetic , Makefile debugging techniques and more .
Everything you wanted to know about making Makefiles .
Subscribe to
Posts [ Atom ]
Computer Artists Say They 've Re-Created Christ 's Face Using Shroud of Turin Tech artists say they 've re-created Jesus ' true face from the Shroud of Turin .
March 30 , 2010  --
Using cutting - edge technology on the famed Shroud of Turin , a team of computer artists has uncovered what they say may be a portrait of the true face of Jesus .
The History Channel will reveal the image -- and the painstaking and technical process of finding it -- tonight at 9 p.m. ET in the special " The Real Face of Jesus ? "
Viewers should be prepared :
The results achieved through the convergence of science and religion does n't resemble the popularized images of Jesus .
It 's impossible to know how close the computer - generated images come to reality , but they 'll likely be of tremendous interest , both to believers and to the curious .
" There 's a long tradition in Christian theology and Christian history of seeking the face of Christ -- of wanting to know what he was like as a man , " said Father Jonathan Morris , a Catholic priest and author .
Finding Jesus ' Face
The artists worked to pull impressions from the Shroud of Turin , the famed blood - stained linen that many believe was the burial cloth of the crucified Christ .
" If you want to re-create the face of Jesus and you want to get the actual face of Jesus , you have only one object and that 's the shroud , " said computer artist Ray Downing of Studio Macbeth .
The ancient shroud contains a faint impression of the front and back of a human body , along with blood , dirt and water stains from its age .
Cutting - edge modern skills were required to pull an accurate flesh and blood face from a piece of fabric so old .
The year - long project culminated with a team of graphic artists using the newest technology to create a computer - generated image .
" I have a lot of information about that face and my estimation is we 're pretty darn close to what this man looked like , " Downing , the lead artist , said .
Ancient Shroud Provides Clues
One of the main problems -- the condition of the shroud -- provided key clues .
The team realized there were distortions in the image on the shroud because the fabric had been wrapped around the body .
" The solution was to realize that the shroud was n't hanging on the wall – it was wrapping a corpse .
That 's the crux of the problem -- the face is hidden in there , " said Downing , who has also used computers to create images of Abraham Lincoln .
" By imitating those distortions we could take the image and put it back into that shape and figure out what the face looked like … it gave us a blueprint , " he added .
One the blueprint was formed , the computer artists started the recreation .
Of course , there were limitations to what they could do with what they had .
" Inevitably , you do run out of information , " Downing said .
" You can't see the pores in a linen fabric .
There are no eyebrows .
It does n't take a lot of guesswork to assign pores and skin texture to a model , to know that the man did have eyebrows and to provide them .
At some point , you do have to leave the realm of actual information and use experience . "
Click HERE to visit the History Channel and learn more about " The Real Face of Jesus ? "
Click here to return to the " Good Morning America " Web site .
Sucking up to Dictators Is Harder Than It Looks
September 21 , 2009 , was a day of blitz diplomacy for U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton :
She had more than eight and a half hours of bilateral meetings to juggle , along with a marathon of press briefings and camera sprays at the Waldorf - Astoria hotel in New York .
But one of her sit - downs that day required particular finesse .
It was with an obscure dictator whose name alone presented a challenge — Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov , the president of Turkmenistan .
He came into the room with an immediate advantage : The United States needed his help .
Clinton needed to convince him to let NATO transports through his country , a move that would ease pressure on U.S. supply lines into Afghanistan and probably save some U.S. troops .
The usual approach — money — would not work with energy - rich Turkmenistan .
It was a test of her skill as a diplomat .
The Turkmen leader , a squat , unimposing former dentist , had arrived at the Waldorf earlier in his new armored limousine .
( His minders had planned to rent one in New York , but the rental office would not allow them to drill a hole in the fender to insert a little Turkmen flag .
They were forced to buy the machine outright for nearly half a million dollars , a source close to the delegation said . )
Having come to power fewer than three years before , Berdimuhamedov was still a novice statesman , impressionable and often bashful in public .
His predecessor ’s death in 2006 led to a murky succession process that jailed the man in line for the post and gave him absolute power .
The meeting with Clinton would be his first , and it would prove be a defining moment for his encounter with the West .
It did not go well — either for the dumpy dictator or for the still newly minted secretary of state .
With the stakes particularly high , Clinton put aside the topic of Afghanistan and energy supplies and began to push Berdimuhamedov on human rights , asking about the hundred or so Turkmen students who ’d been kept from studying at the American University of Central Asia in Kyrgyzstan .
In doing so , Clinton might have helped push a warming - up dictator back into the cold , jeopardizing a critical supply route to Afghanistan in the process — and highlighting the difficulties of diplomacy with autocrats whose help the United States needs .
Berdimuhamedov did n’t have a lot to live up to when he took over the Turkmen presidency in 2006 .
Before that , Turkmenistan was viewed in the West as a hopelessly isolated place , or as one Western embassy official called it , " Weirdestan . "
Its international image was shaped by its hermetic leader , Saparmurat Niyazov , whose zany personality cult was often compared to that of North Korea ’s Kim Jong Il .
Especially toward the end of his 16 - year reign , Niyazov ’s whims became very erratic , and they were usually enforced as the law .
In 2001 , he prohibited young men from wearing beards , long hair , or gold crowns on their teeth .
Having dubbed himself Turkmenbashi , or Leader of All the Turkmen , he banned recorded music from being played in public places and cracked down on the performance of opera and ballet , which he deemed " unnecessary . "
Some calendar months were renamed after him and his relatives , and his book of philosophical musings — the quasi-mystical Ruhnama — was made part of the core curriculum for students of all ages .
Education was a particularly thorny issue for a dictator who sought to control his population by keeping them ignorant of the outside world , banning the Internet and restricting foreign books .
Niyazov ’s government cut back basic education to nine years from 10 , making it nearly impossible for Turkmen students to qualify for admission to educational institutions abroad .
So , by Turkmen standards , it was a dramatic advance when the new president extended the school term to 10 years so students could study in foreign countries .
" It was a huge step forward , " said one of four senior Western diplomats interviewed on condition of anonymity in the Turkmen capital , Ashgabat .
" Under [ Niyazov ] there had been total isolation .
Even inside the country travel was restricted .
The new president changed this ….
But then these students started coming back home with Western ideas in their heads , holding rallies , getting interested in change . "
The new president reacted to the Westernization of his students with suspicion :
He held 100 Turkmen students back from attending the American University of Central Asia in Kyrgyzstan , the most egregious example in a wide campaign of small - scale harassment against students attempting to travel abroad .
The move was a major disappointment for many Western officials who thought Berdimuhamedov would bring quick and radical change .
Still , compared with those of other Central Asian states , Turkmenistan ’s human rights environment remained fairly mild , and it was improving .
There was no opposition , no independent press , only the barest beginning of free enterprise , and a pervasive network of secret police .
But violent crackdowns and reports of torture and political imprisonment are not nearly as common as in Uzbekistan , for example , or Tajikistan .
Two of the diplomats in Ashgabat therefore felt Clinton ’s criticism was misguided , an attempt to act as " the world ’s moral police , which is just counterproductive sometimes , " one of them said .
Apparently , Berdimuhamedov felt the same way .
Days after the Waldorf meeting , the Peace Corps learned that the Turkmen government had blocked its latest initiative in Turkmenistan .
The initiative ’s focus was to be the education system .
No explanation was given , and the 47 volunteers who had already received their approval documents for the trip had to be reassigned to other countries .
" We ’ve been working in Turkmenistan since 1993 , and nothing like that had ever happened before , " said Joshua Field , a Peace Corps spokesman in Washington .
It has since become clear that more serious consequences would follow , with the worst affecting the U.S. mission in Afghanistan .
In the fall of 2008 , Gen. David Petraeus took the helm of the U.S. Central Command and made it one of his priorities to get Turkmenistan ’s help on the Afghan war .
He realized the potential : Unlike Afghanistan ’s other neighbors , Turkmenistan is a stable and mainly secular country with good roads and railways .
Its border with Afghanistan is 750 kilometers long , and the need to truck supplies across it was quickly gaining urgency .
Starting in 2007 , the Taliban had escalated their attacks against NATO convoys in Pakistan ’s Khyber Pass , bombing and burning military caravans and forcing the route to close several times last year .
An alternative route through the north , cobbled together after painstaking negotiations with Russia , Tajikistan , and Uzbekistan , has also come under heavy attacks .
And though NATO has recently succeeded in getting Kazakhstan to let nonlethal supplies through its territory , a pathway through Turkmenistan would be far more direct , cheaper , and safer .
" Without a doubt , the shortest distance for these supplies is still right through Turkmenistan , and it would make a tremendous contribution to open up that line , " said Thomas Sanderson , who studies the northern supply lines into Afghanistan for the Washington - based Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) .
Under Niyazov , there was no real chance of securing this pathway .
His foreign policy centered on a strict code of " neutrality , " which he used as an excuse to avoid any foreign partnerships that were not strictly commercial .
Under Berdimuhamedov , however , this changed — at least at first .
Berdimuhamedov , it turned out , is a dictator who ’s vain about his image abroad .
" For the first year or so there was a thaw , " one of the senior diplomats said , asking not to be named for fear of alienating Turkmen officials .
" It was like the Gorbachev effect .
He started traveling to all the foreign capitals after years of isolation , and all the Western leaders patted him on the back and called him a great reformer .
He seemed to like that a lot . "
In April 2008 , he attended the NATO summit in Bucharest , a first for a Turkmen leader , and on the sidelines he was granted a one - on - one meeting with U.S. President George W. Bush .
The following month , more NATO planes were discreetly allowed to land and refuel at Turkmen military air bases .
According to the Eurasian Transition Group ( ETG ) , a Bonn - based think tank , transport flights from Western Europe to Afghanistan via Turkmenistan jumped by 15 percent starting in mid-May over the previous months of that year , when they had remained steady .
Those flights , however , were not officially acknowledged by the Turkmen government , and remained clandestine because the president was not yet ready to come out in support of NATO efforts in Afghanistan , says ETG director Michael Laubsch .
It was only in February 2009 that Berdimuhamedov openly allowed the United States to fly humanitarian supplies over his territory into Afghanistan .
This acknowledgement would have been unthinkable under Niyazov .
It was a sign that a broader overflight agreement could be reached .
But according to Sanderson of CSIS , the quota for those flights was exhausted by the end of summer 2009 , and it is not clear whether it will be renewed .
" [ Berdimuhamedov ] has been approached on the issue of firming up the military transports many times , and it ’s been a no - go , " one of the diplomats in Ashgabat said .
Others complained that access to Turkmen officials had become more restricted in recent months , and in October , Berdimuhamedov snubbed a conference of several hundred foreign business executives , some of whom he had personally invited during a speech he gave in New York .
During the second day of the conference , the president found time to open a provincial chicken farm , but he did not show up to address the foreigners .
" Things are closing back up .
You can feel it , " said Giorgi Vashakmadze , development director at White Stream , a natural gas pipeline consortium , on the sidelines of the conference .
" If the Americans wanted military assistance it may already be impossible to get it here . "
Other delegates and speakers at the conference agreed , complaining of the fawning team of advisors and yes men who surround the president , filtering out anything but praise of his policies .
The speeches at the conference drove this point home .
One by one , the delegates took the podium to compliment what several called " the greatness and wisdom " of Berdimuhamedov .
Two later said on the sidelines that their speeches had been redacted by the organizers , with certain customary phrases such as that one added in .
" This is the only way to do business here .
To be allowed to stay , you have to be respectful , " one Russian - American businessman said , asking not to be named for fear of hurting his operations in the country .
Clearly , the meeting with Clinton is neither the direct nor the sole cause of Berdimuhamedov ’s gradual retreat into a more Niyazov - like isolation .
And a senior Western diplomat in Washington with knowledge of how the meeting proceeded pointed out that after more negotiations , the Turkmen students were allowed to leave the country , not to study in Kyrgyzstan as planned , but at the American University in Bulgaria — a compromise .
Clinton ’s State Department , he added , is satisfied with Turkmenistan ’s level of support on Afghan supply lines .
" I would n’t say that the meeting did n’t go well .
I ’d say that the meeting went pretty well .
We had some disagreements about education , but we did n’t so much have a disagreement about Afghanistan , " the diplomat said .
Nor is it clear that Turkmenistan ’s human rights record was a major topic of discussion .
During the news conference at the Waldorf that followed Clinton ’s meeting , Assistant Secretary Robert O. Blake Jr. indicated that Washington was indeed trying to tread lightly .
In answer to the first question — Did you discuss human rights ? — he said , " It does come up .
It ’s just in these bilats , we ’ve got kind of — we ’ve only got a certain amount of time , and so we touch on the most important things . "
But the whole mess points to a common dilemma in U.S. diplomacy .
On the one hand , pulled punches and empty praise are essential for making progress with a regime like Turkmenistan’s .
But Clinton opens herself up to attacks at home if she takes the fawning tone that men like Berdimuhamedov expect .
President Barack Obama ’s now infamous bow before the king of Saudi Arabia in April demonstrated the American public ’s distaste for this kind of diplomacy , even in places where groveling before the leadership is customary and often required of guests .
Three of the diplomats interviewed in Ashgabat , however , thought the only way to get the Turkmen leader to cooperate is to play by his rules , which often requires silence on sensitive issues such as human rights .
" It ’s old - fashioned realpolitik , " one of them said , arguing that Western pressure and criticism will only lead back to isolation .
For now , the United States is muddling through in Afghanistan without much help from Turkmenistan .
But if things go sour with its other supply routes , Berdimuhamedov may well get the bowing and scraping he wants .
British authors are divided over plans by Google to create the world 's largest online library and profit from out - of - print titles .
Philip Pullman is among those opting out of the proposed Google book settlement , which critics condemn as a " massive rights grab " and an unacceptable reshaping of the copyright landscape to the detriment of writers .
Helen Oyeyemi is also among those opposed to the settlement , currently being thrashed out in the US courts , which could prove to be one of the most important agreements in digital publishing .
Google Books would carry " substantial extracts " of books that are out of print but still within copyright , with US buyers then paying to download the title in full .
Revenue generated would be split , with 63 % going to the rights holder and the rest to Google .
Although only US consumers will be able to use this service , the titles include works published in Britain , Canada and Australia as well as the US .
But , in a move that has angered critics , writers had to choose to opt out by 28 January .
For those who did not , their work would be automatically included .
Pullman , author of the His Dark Materials trilogy , said : " Many of us have books that are out of print but still receive a little bit of money from them through the PLR [ public lending right ] .
And , jJust because a book is out of print does n't mean it belongs to Google .
It belongs to me .
And if I want to sell my rights to anybody , why the hell should I have to go and ask Google first ? "
Nick Harkaway , son of John le Carré and author of The Gone - Away World , said opting out was " the only way of saying I do not believe this is appropriate .
What is happening here is a massive rights grab .
It 's reshaping the copyright landscape .
I do n't think it beneficial to have a private company , de facto , owning the history of the written word .
" People are quite cosy with Google .
But , it is not guaranteed this library will remain with Google forever .
Imagine your least favourite media conglomerate buying the sole rights to digitally exhibit the history of the printed word , over 10 m titles .
You start to sound like a nut .
But the scale of this is enormous " .
American authors , publishing organisations and Google are currently trying to agree the settlement , which has yet to be ratified by a New York court .
Google insists the proposed settlement " is not about acquiring rights to books " .
" It is about creating a new revenue channel for rights holders , and opening up access to these books , " said a spokeswoman .
However , some writers are bemused by its complexity .
Kate Mosse , best known for her 2005 novel Labyrinth , said she " never really understood " exactly what it meant , and was relieved when her publisher , Hachette UK – originally an objector to the settlement – made the decision for her by advising its authors to remain in .
Its chief executive , Tim Hely - Hutchinson , said the company did not think Google should have interfered with other people 's copyright , and the proposed settlement was a " weak compromise " .
But , like other many other publishers such as the Random House Group and Penguin , that argument had to be weighed against the interests of its authors being better served by retaining the ability to control how titles were used by Google .
John Lanchester , whose has just published his fourth novel , Whoops ! , said " every writer I know has opted out .
It 's is a complete violation of the principle of copyright . "
The Society of Authors , which has 9,000 members in Britain , agreed that the settlement " runs against the basic principle of copyright in which you get permission every time you use something " .
But , said its general secretary , Mark Le Fanu , very few members had raised objections , while " the great majority seemed to think it could have potentially significant benefits " .
But there remain a few who are completely unmoved by the clamour .
" I leave it all to my agent , " said Martin Amis .
" I just ca n't get interested . "
Tr.im powers your digital marketing attribution .
See ROI , customer acquisition costs , and revenue across every marketing channel in one place .
Tr.im is a URL shortener that includes a retargeting pixel in every link .
Start building a custom audience on an ad platform and improve your marketing efforts .
Increase your ads campaign CTR , decrease your CPC .
Soon after Maes ’s work made its debut , online stores quickly understood the value of having a recommendation system , and today most Web sites selling entertainment products have one .
Most of them use some variant of collaborative filtering — like Amazon ’s “ Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought ” function .
Some setups ask you to actively rate products , as Netflix does .
But others also rely on passive information .
They keep track of your everyday behavior , looking for clues to your preferences .
( For example , many music - recommendation engines — like the Genius feature on Apple ’s iTunes , Microsoft ’s Mixview music recommender or the Audioscrobbler program at Last.fm — can register every time you listen to a song on your computer or MP3 player . )
And a few rare services actually pay people to evaluate products ; the Pandora music - streaming service has 50 employees who listen to songs and tag them with descriptors — “ upbeat , ” “ minor key , ” “ prominent vocal harmonies . ”
Netflix came late to the party .
The company opened for business in 1997 , but for the first three years it offered no recommendations .
This was n’t such a big problem when Netflix stocked only 1,000 titles or so , because customers could sift through those pretty quickly .
But Netflix grew , and today , it stocks more than 100,000 movies .
“ I think that once you get beyond 1,000 choices , a recommendation system becomes critical , ” Hastings , the Netflix C.E.O. , told me .
“ People have limited cognitive time they want to spend on picking a movie . ”
Cinematch was introduced in 2000 , but the first version worked poorly — “ a mix of insightful and boneheaded recommendations , ” according to Hastings .
His programmers slowly began improving the algorithms .
They could tell how much better they were getting by trying to replicate how a customer rated movies in the past .
They took the customer ’s ratings from , say , 2001 , and used them to predict their ratings for 2002 .
Because Netflix actually had those later ratings , it could discern what a “ perfect ” prediction would look like .
Soon , Cinematch reached the point where it could tease out some fairly nuanced — and surprising — connections .
For example , it found that people who enjoy “ The Patriot ” also tend to like “ Pearl Harbor , ” which you ’d expect , since they ’re both history - war - action movies ; but it also discovered that they like the heartstring - tugging drama “ Pay It Forward ” and the sci - fi movie “ I , Robot . ”
Cinematch has , in fact , become a video - store roboclerk : its suggestions now drive a surprising 60 percent of Netflix ’s rentals .
It also often steers a customer ’s attention away from big - grossing hits toward smaller , independent movies .
Traditional video stores depend on hits ; just - out - of - the - theaters blockbusters account for 80 percent of what they rent .
At Netflix , by contrast , 70 percent of what it sends out is from the backlist — older movies or small , independent ones .
A good recommendation system , in other words , does not merely help people find new stuff .
As Netflix has discovered , it also spurs them to consume more stuff .
For Netflix , this is doubly important .
Customers pay a flat monthly rate , generally $ 16.99 ( although cheaper plans are available ) , to check out as many movies as they want .
The problem with this business model is that new members often have a couple of dozen movies in mind that they want to see , but after that they ’re not sure what to check out next , and their requests slow .
And a customer paying $ 17 a month for only one movie every month or two is at risk of canceling his subscription ; the plan makes financial sense , from a user ’s point of view , only if you rent a lot of movies .
( My wife and I once quit Netflix for precisely this reason . )
Every time Hastings increases the quality of Cinematch even slightly , it keeps his customers active .
But by 2006 , Cinematch ’s improving performance had plateaued .
Netflix ’s programmers could n’t go any further on their own .
They suspected that there was a big breakthrough out there ; the science of recommendation systems was booming , and computer scientists were publishing hundreds of papers each year on the subject .
At a staff meeting in the summer of 2006 , Hastings suggested a radical idea :
Why not have a public contest ?
Netflix ’s recommendation system was powered by the wisdom of crowds ; now it would tap the wisdom of crowds to get better too .
AS HASTINGS HOPED , the contest has galvanized nerds around the world .
The Top 10 list for the Netflix Prize currently includes a group of programmers in Austria ( who are at No. 2 ) , a trained psychologist and Web consultant in Britain who uses his teenage daughter to perform his calculus ( No. 9 ) , a lone Ph.D. candidate in Boston who calls himself My Brain and His Chain ( a reference to a Ben Folds song ; he ’s at No. 6 ) and Pragmatic Theory — two French - Canadian guys in Montreal ( No. 3 ) .
Nearly every team is working on the prize in its spare time .
In October , when I dropped by the house of Martin Chabbert , a 32 - year - old member of the Pragmatic Theory duo , it was only 8:30 at night , but we had to whisper : his four children , including a 2 - month - old baby , had just gone to bed upstairs .
In his small dining room , a laptop sat open next to children ’s books like “ Les Robots : Au Service de L’homme ” and a “ Star Wars ” picture book in French .
Two things happened to Sandra Bullock this month .
First , she won an Academy Award for best actress .
Then came the news reports claiming that her husband is an adulterous jerk .
So the philosophic question of the day is : Would you take that as a deal ?
Would you exchange a tremendous professional triumph for a severe personal blow ?
On the one hand , an Academy Award is nothing to sneeze at .
Bullock has earned the admiration of her peers in a way very few experience .
She ’ll make more money for years to come .
She may even live longer .
Research by Donald A. Redelmeier and Sheldon M. Singh has found that , on average , Oscar winners live nearly four years longer than nominees that do n’t win .
Nonetheless , if you had to take more than three seconds to think about this question , you are absolutely crazy .
Marital happiness is far more important than anything else in determining personal well - being .
If you have a successful marriage , it does n’t matter how many professional setbacks you endure , you will be reasonably happy .
If you have an unsuccessful marriage , it does n’t matter how many career triumphs you record , you will remain significantly unfulfilled .
This is n’t just sermonizing .
This is the age of research , so there ’s data to back this up .
Over the past few decades , teams of researchers have been studying happiness .
Their work , which seemed flimsy at first , has developed an impressive rigor , and one of the key findings is that , just as the old sages predicted , worldly success has shallow roots while interpersonal bonds permeate through and through .
i Phone PKI handling flaws
Introduction
The iPhone is obviously a consumer market product which was later enhanced to become an enterprise device .
Unfortunately , it seems
Apple messed up their corporate - oriented functionalities , ending up with something that proves to be hard to integrate in a public - key infrastucture in any secure way .
The following page summarizes our findings in terms of chain - of - trust management on iPhones , describes a major security flaw and how we could cope with the current situation ( Jan 2010 ) .
i Phone provisioning protocols
i Phones currently provide two provisioning protocols allowing to install certificates on a device .
v2 was the version released with iPhone OS v2.0 and v3 released with iPhone OS v3.0 .
i Phone OS v2
This protocol is quite straightforward : put an XML config file named something .
mobileconfig served with filetype application / x- apple - aspen - config somewhere on a web server seen by the iPhone , point Safari to the corresponding URL and let it download the file .
XML configuration files are created with an Apple utility called the iPhone Configuration Utility ( iPCU ) , which is a desktop - based program running on Windows or Mac OSX .
Apple has not released specs for the XML config files it produces .
i Phone v3
This protocol is an attempt from Apple to streamline over - the - air provisioning to large numbers of iPhones .
It is described in : Enterprise Deployment Guide
Provisioning an iPhone in v3 is done through several network exchanges :
i Phone accesses URL of provisioning server ( hereafter : PS ) PS responds with a minimal mobileconfig file requesting credentials iPhone POSTs a request to PS containing its signed credentials PS responds with key specifications and the address of a SCEP server iPhone performs SCEP request to SCEP server SCEP server delivers a certificate
Shortcomings
There are several shortcomings to that process :
Certificate fail
In step 3 , the iPhone signs its own credentials ( including its IMEI or device serial number ) using an Apple - signed certificate .
To validate this certificate , the chain of trust must be established up to Apple ’s root CA .
Unfortunately , Apple does not provide access to this chain except by jailbreaking an iPhone and extracting it directly .
The following chain of trust was manually extracted from a jailbroken iPhone :
Signed requests from this iPhone use this key : CN= Apple iPhone Device CA keyid=xxxx issued by CN= Apple iPhone Device CA keyid=B2:FE:21:23:44:86:95:6A:79:D5:81:26:8E:73:10:D8:A7:4C:8E:74
The certificate for ' Apple iPhone Device CA ' is : CN=Apple iPhone Device CA keyid=B2:FE:21:23:44:86:95:6A:79:D5:81:26:8E:73:10:D8:A7:4C:8E:74 issued by CN=Apple iPhone Certification Authority keyid=E7:34:2A:2E:22:DE:39:60:6B:B4:94:CE:77:83:61:2F:31:A0:7C:35
The certificate for ' Apple iPhone Certification Authority ' is : CN=Apple iPhone Certification Authority keyid=E7:34:2A:2E:22:DE:39:60:6B:B4:94:CE:77:83:61:2F:31:A0:7C:35 issued by CN=Apple Root CA keyid=2B:D0:69:47:94:76:09 :FE : F4:6B:8D:2E:40:A6:F7:47:4D:7F:08:5E
The certificate for ' Apple Root Certificate Authority ' is : AppleComputerRootCertificate.pem Serial Number : 1 ( 0x1 ) CN=Apple Root Certificate Authority keyid=2B:D0:69:47:94:76:09 :FE : F4:6B:8D:2E:40:A6:F7:47:4D:7F:08:5E issued by CN=Apple Root Certificate Authority keyid=2B:D0:69:47:94:76:09 :FE : F4:6B:8D:2E:40:A6:F7:47:4D:7F:08:5E
The last certificate in the chain is a self - signed root CA for Apple Root Certificate Authority .
Interestingly , the Apple root CA on top of the iPhone chain is not the same as the one published on the Apple web site .
Fetching the root certificate published on Apple ’s web site shows :
Serial Number : 2 ( 0x2 ) CN=Apple Root CA keyid=2B:D0:69:47:94:76:09 :FE : F4:6B:8D:2E:40:A6:F7:47:4D:7F:08:5E
Different name ( CN ) , different serial numbers ( 1 vs 2 ) but the same key id .
It looks like somebody reused the same keyset to generate a second certificate .
Hard to tell whether this is an oversight or intentional , but the fact is : you cannot technically relate an iPhone signature to the Apple root CA certificate published on their web site .
Even with the same keyset , verification will fail because Subject and Serial are different .
SCEP fail
It looks like the iPhone SCEP client implements an old ( draft ) version of the SCEP protocol .
As an example : sending back a chain of trust containing several certificates will lead to an error , the iPhone only accepts one certificate upon request of the CA chain .
If you need to talk to a SCEP server , make sure it will accept old - fashioned requests .
mobileconfig fail
As seen above , installing mobileconfig files can happen over the air through v2 or v3 protocol .
It is also possible to connect the iPhone to a desktop running iPCU and use it to transfer mobileconfig files through cable .
An interesting difference is that profiles downloaded over the air are not trusted by default , whereas profiles downloaded through iPCU over a cable are trusted .
This translates into a red icon for non-trusted profiles and a happy green flag for trusted ones .
As demonstrated below , trust does not depend on the medium being a cable or over - the - air download .
A close study of iPCU revealed that :
iPCU generates its own set of keys upon install , and self - signs its own certificate
Whenever a new iPhone is connected to that iPCU instance , iPCU inserts its own certificate into the iPhone trusted keystore .
Further exchanges between this iPCU instance and a known iPhone are always trusted , as long as the iPCU certificate is present in the iPhone .
This is also valid for mobileconfig files sent over the air : as long as they are signed by a trusted iPCU , they are trusted upon download .
An even closer study of the certificate used by iPCU revealed that it only contains Signature in key usage .
This lead us to discover a serious security flaw as described below .
Security flaw
What was found
We observed that iPhones will trust mobileconfig files they receive over the air or through wire if they are signed by a trusted entity .
However :
The keystore used to lookup trusted CAs includes the default Safari keystore
A signature - only certificate is enough to sign mobileconfig files
There are 224 trusted root Certificates in the iPhone keystore ( v3.1 ) .
See : http://support.apple.com/kb/HT3580 for a complete list published by Apple .
It is relatively easy to obtain a signature certificate from many of them without any sort of verification .
A demo ( test ) signature certificate can be obtained from Verisign without need for anything other than a valid e-mail address ( throwaway addresses work , too ) for sixty days at no price and without providing any credit card details .
NB : Verisign is not to blame for this in any way .
They distribute un-verified temporary certificates that you are not supposed to trust for anything , like most other certificate providers .
What was tried
Create a throwaway e-mail address
Use it to request a demo certificate from Verisign Level 1 for a person named Apple Computer , valid for sixty days
Create a mobileconfig file on iPCU : name it Security Update , declare it as issued by Apple Computer .
Export it to disk without signature as a plain XML file .
Using openssl smime and the P12 you got from Verisign , sign the mobileconfig file including the complete CA chain and put it onto a public HTTP server
and the P12 you got from Verisign , sign the mobileconfig file including the complete CA chain and put it onto a public HTTP server Open the link from Safari on iPhone and observe that the configuration is trusted by the iPhone .
Edit 2010 - 02 -04 : Demonstration file taken away .
Point was made
On an iPod Touch , the installation screen looks like this :
To be successful , profile installation needs to be validated by the end -user .
Unless they know about this flaw it is quite likely that a default end - user would trust an update that claims to be issued by Apple and indicated as trusted by the device .
A bit of social engineering is needed to both get the user to click on the link and accept the profile installation .
Exploiting the flaw
Parameters that can be set through mobileconfig on an iPhone include root certificates .
Modifying root certificates makes it possible to act as man - in - the - middle to hijack SSL ( HTTPS ) connections .
Obnoxious modifications can be brought to the phone like prohibiting the use of Safari , mail and other apps , or adding extra VPN , WiFi or e-mail settings .
It is also possible to set up the profile as being non-removable by the end - user , which would force the iPhone owner to wipe it clean to remove the profile .
What could be done
There is absolutely no reason for an iPhone / iPod to trust root CAs for over - the - air mobileconfig downloads .
Apple needs to define who should be able to download mobileconfig files onto a device , be it an end - user or a company , and devise a correct way to share keys between the device and its associated provisioning server .
Japan opposed a proposed ban on the export of Atlantic bluefin tuna
Conservationists say the internet has emerged as one of the biggest threats to endangered species .
Campaigners say it is easier than ever before to buy and sell anything from live baby lions to polar bear pelts on online auction sites and chatrooms .
The findings were presented at the 175 - nation Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) , which is meeting in Doha , Qatar .
Several proposals to give endangered species more protection were defeated .
Delegates will vote on changes to the trade in ivory later this week .
Web effect
" The internet is becoming the dominant factor overall in the global trade in protected species , " said Paul Todd of the International Fund for Animal Welfare .
He said thousands of endangered species are regularly traded on the internet , as buyers and sellers take advantage of the anonymity - and vast global market - the world wide web can offer .
Those trying to police illegal sales say the size of problem is almost impossible to estimate .
They say the US is the biggest market , but that Europe , China , Russia and Australia also play a large part .
On Sunday , delegates voted to ban all international trade in a rare type of Iranian salamander , the Kaiser 's Spotted Newt , which the World Wildlife Fund says has been devastated by the internet trade .
However , more high - profile attempts to ban trade in polar bears , bluefin tuna and rare corals have all failed , leaving environmental activists dismayed , the BBC's Stephanie Hancock reports from Doha .
A proposal from the US and Sweden to regulate the trade in red and pink coral - which is crafted into expensive jewellery and sold extensively on the web - was defeated .
Delegates voted the idea down mostly over concerns the increased regulations might impact poor fishing communities .
Watch the Speaker of the House begin to set the mood for the Big O starting around the 2:38 mark :
Kevin Garn , the Republican majority leader in the Utah House of Representatives resigned Saturday , not because it was the right thing to do but because it was the only thing he could do .
Mirroring Sheldon Killpack , his counterpart in Senate leadership who was forced to resign at the beginning of the 2010 session , Rep. Kevin Garn of Layton was caught in a web of his own making .
And The Daily Herald gets it right …
Hold the applause : A shameful moment in the Utah House
This Killpack … Utah Senate Majority Leader Sheldon Killpack arrested for DUI :
[ Garn ’s ] departure wraps things up [ i.e. , Utah ’s 2010 legislative session ] with sickening symmetry .
As The Daily Herald notes ( shades of William Blake ? ) :
And I wholeheartedly agree with Holly on the Hill ( who serves up a nine - point indictment of the creep behind the creepy Capitol Kabuki that she ’s dubbed “ ApplauseGate ” ) : Utahs Speaker of the House , Dave Clark , needs to resign .
Now .
Cardinal Sean Brady , the Primate of All Ireland , admitted that he attended meetings in 1975 when two teenage boys signed oaths of silence while testifying in a Church inquiry against Father Brendan Smyth … [ Cardinal Brady ] said the responsibility for Smyths behaviour as a priest rested with his religious superior in Kilnacrott and not with him .
In addition to booting this clap happy mutual admiration society from office , with a new census on the way , Utahns ought to be insisting on a fix for their gerrymandered state .
Some have pondered the potential “ Vaticanization ” of downtown SLC , but the way things are being run over at the Capitol and COB , Utah ’s apparently already got its own Vatican - on - the - brine .
It ’s dj vu
All over again :
Pursuant to our usual procedures , the 2008 letter sent by Ms. Maher to Church headquarters was referred to local ecclesiastical leaders to be addressed .
Church disciplinary matters are handled at a local level and not at Church headquarters .
But once the locals have gotten it wrong and the “ usual procedures ” have proven inadequate , is n’t it time for the leadership to stop playing innocent bystander ?
If not , as Stephen Fry might ask , “ what are you for ? ”
Frankly , considering its role in this story , the LDS leadership looks to be for a practice discontinued by the Catholics since 1567 , the year that Pope Pius V did away with the selling of indulgences .
Update : Latest from The Salt Lake Tribune : Ovation echoes Lawmakers under fire for applauding their colleague .
House Speaker David Clark continues to dazzle with brilliance :
“ I hope the people of Utah understand that our [ clapping , cheering , crying , hugging , whooping and hollering display of ] support of Representative Garn and his family does not in any way signal support for illegal , unethical or ill - advised action by any member of the House . ”
Personally , Dave , I hope the people of Utah decide they ’ve had enough of being taken for fools by the likes of you :
Few in the body knew the [ March 12 ] admission was coming , although Clark had learned of it four days earlier …
In hindsight , Clark said , another venue may have been more appropriate for the announcement .
Dave , you talk about “ hindsight ” with regards to a bit of political theater that you yourself orchestrated less than a week ago ?
How about a nice big round of applause for your comedy performance ?
P.S. No kidding , Jack , what ’s up with that ?
* Bagley cartoons posted with permission
Honey Singh is designer by taste & Blogger by hobby .
Foursquare , Twitter and Facebook buff !
You can always reach me at honey ( At)honeytechblog.com .
If you have instinct you can explore more on my social profiles
: Parameter 1 to fdl_the_content ( ) expected to be a reference , value given inon line
( There is a blind kid that always rides home on the same bus as I do .
His house is in the direction of one of the stops so our driver always stops right in front of his house to make it easier for him .
One day we have a substitute driver who drives past his house . )
Me : “ Excuse me , driver , you needed to stop to let [ Blind Kid ] off the bus . ”
Driver : “ But that ’s not a scheduled stop . ”
Me : “ Yes , but [ Usual Driver ] always stops in front of his house . ”
Blind Kid : “ Yeah , every day he stops — ”
Driver : “ Well , too bad .
I ’m not gonna stop at just one person ’s house .
You ’re just gonna have to get off at an actual stop .
Stop being lazy , and walk home . ”
Blind Kid : “ Please , I really prefer you stop . ”
Everyone Else On The Bus : “ Yeah , please stop ! ”
Driver : “ FINE .
Which house do you live in ? ”
Blind Kid : “ I live at [ Address ] . ”
Driver : “ We already passed that .
I ’m not gonna turn around just for you . ”
( Note : the street we ’re on ends at a cul - de - sac so the driver would ’ve had to turn around anyway . )
Blind Kid : “ Just turn around and go back to [ Address ] . ”
Driver : * clearly furious * “ ALL RIGHT , FINE ! ” * turns around and stops at [ Blind Kid ] ’s house *
“ Here you go ! ”
Blind Kid : * angrily * “ Thanks ! ” * gets off *
Driver : “ I swear you kids are so lazy these days .
Why could n’t he just get off at a normal stop and walk home ? ! ”
Me : “ Because he would n’t know where to go .
He ’s blind and ca n’t see where he ’s going .
The whole reason [ Usual Driver ] stops in front of his house is because he would n’t know where to go otherwise .
We all tried to be polite about it but you would n’t turn the bus around at a street where you would ’ve had to turn around anyway . ”
( Turned out one of the other students told the principal what happened and the driver got fired for not caring for a passenger ’s disability .
Blind Kid , wherever you are , I hope you are doing well . )
Two separate projects in the United Kingdom aim to use Linux to make computing simpler for older users who are skeptical about technology .
But in both cases the benefits come at a price .
The first machine , known as SimplicITy , comes with a welcome screen with just six buttons : Email , Web , Profile , Chat , Files , and Video Tutorials .
The chat system only links up to other people across the country using the machine , while “ Files ” launches the relevant applications for word processing , picture viewing and so on .
The tutorials feature Valerie Singleton , a television presenter who today ’s retirees would remember from their youth .
( She ’s also fronted campaigns for the iPlayer , the British Broadcasting Corporation ’s online streaming “ catch - up ” service . )
The welcome screen acts as a simplified interface , with the computer itself running Linux Mint .
The main software which covers the web browser and document editing is adapted from Eldy , an Italian system also aimed at older users .
The machine costs £ 455 ( US$ 700 ) , though there ’s a more expensive slimline version .
Both come with keyboard , mouse , and monitor , though they can be bought for around £ 140 ( US $ 215 ) cheaper without the peripherals .
Full specs are n’t listed on the site , though from what information is provided , it looks as if there ’s a clear mark - up on equivalent machines without the SimplicITy features , but not to an exploitative level .
The second system , Alex , is a variant of Linux specifically designed for elderly or novice users .
It ’s more of a traditional desktop operating system than the one used on SimplicITy , featuring a range of office and entertainment applications .
The most significant aspect of the system is that it will only work when a user - specific USB stick is in the machine , acting effectively as a physical key .
At the moment , Alex is only available pre-loaded on a fairly low - spec laptop costing £ 400 ( US$ 617 ) .
There ’s also a mandatory £ 10 ( US $ 16 ) fee which covers support , online back - ups and software updates .
For an extra £ 15 ( $ 23 ) a month , buyers can get broadband from the firm , though at just 2 M bps , this is very slow compared with market competitors .
The firm does offer one particularly bizarre option for the less tech - savvy market : as well as phone and online support , customers can ask tech questions via physical mail .
In the case of SimplicITy , Linux seems to be a smart , if unlikely , choice .
Once you decide a machine is only going to carry out a limited and specific range of functions , it does n’t really matter what the underlying system is as long as it ’s stable and does n’t need much maintenance or protection against malware .
In the case of Alex , it ’s not clear what role Linux is meant to play .
The way the deal is set up appears to offer few of the benefits of open source , but has the high cost more commonly associated with Windows .
While it ’s not specifically designed for elderly or novice users , it will be interesting to see if Google Chrome ( the operating system ) catches on with this market once it ’s released .
As long as the user has a reliable internet connection , Chrome looks like it will do a good job of offering an inexpensive , reliable , and simple solution for people who want to access the Internet and perform a few basic office computing tasks .
Trying to ford a frozen river - the second driver did n't learn from his buddies mistake ...
But russians sure love off - roading .
One of the most hated summer annoyance ( next to the reigning champion , mosquitoes ) among people who love being outside is the tiny tick .
While you may think that there are no other ways to keep ticks off of yourself except to have your yard treated every few months , there are actually a number of things you can do to keep these annoying bugs from crawling on you and attempting to bite you .
Of course , the best thing you can do to keep mosquitoes off of you is to get in touch with tick control point pleasant services to keep these biters away , but knowing your options to try to keep them off of you can always come in handy , as well .
If you ’re looking to keep the ticks off of you without having to call in the exterminators every time you notice a tick bite on yourself or someone else in your home , you might like to know a few easy ways you can repel ticks completely naturally , using stuff you likely already have around your house .
1. Apple cider vinegar .
Apple cider vinegar comes in handy for a number of things , including dealing with keeping ticks off of yourself .
With some apple cider vinegar and a little bit of water , you can easily make your own tick spray to put on yourself and discourage ticks from biting you .
It wo n’t smell the best , but it will be sure to keep you bite - free !
2 . Try eating garlic .
Surprisingly , eating garlic regularly can be a brilliant way to keep ticks off of you .
This is because eating garlic forces your body to secrete an odor that ticks really despise .
3 . Keep some cedar oil sprays around .
Cedar oil is completely natural and proves to be an excellent tick repellent .
This is because not only does cedar oil keep ticks away from you , but it is even capable of killing them .
Simply spray it onto your skin or your clothing before going outside , and you should be just fine .
Next time you want to enjoy some time out in nature without worrying about getting bitten by a tick , consider trying these options to keep the annoying critters off of you .
From one Amanda to another .
Bynes finally does MAXIM in the February 2010 issue .
Some nice cleavagy shots in the web - only pics are on the MAXIM website .
They ’re pretty hot so check those out too .
I think i like this new 23 year old Amanda Bynes .
You want to show the world you ’re all grown up ?
I want to show people who I am .
My parents were like , “ Does this mean you ’re gonna do sexy movies now ? ” I said , “ Well , if they ’re done the right way , then maybe ! ” I mean , I ’m not gonna do porn , but if it ’s a Leonardo DiCaprio movie or whatever …
Oh , we get it .
If a scene involves making out with Leo DiCaprio , then it ’s OK ?
Ha , yeah , then I would n’t mind !
Point is , it ’s time for me to start making my own decisions .
Somebody get this girl into a Leo DiCaprio flick NOW .
St. Patrick ’s Day can be kind of a bummer holiday :
There are the frat brahs getting wasted on green Bud in faux Irish pubs and screaming in the streets .
There ’s that asshole who uses March 17th as an excuse to pinch anyone who is n’t wearing the color du jour .
If someone brings store - bought green cupcakes into work , it may well be the highlight of the day .
Still , we ’re determined to get some joy out of St. Pat’s .
If we must celebrate all things green , we ’re going to do it with music — by counting down the 10 best songs that discuss or evoke the color , with its many meanings and connotations .
Use the comments to nominate your favorite green - themed track .
10 . “ Green Shirt ” — Elvis Costello
On a song full of hues , the green shirt in question feels fresh , young and eye - catching , but there ’s also an element of menace and foreboding .
Whatever the meaning of Costello ’s color wheel , it does n’t get any more ’ 80s than the video for this track from the singer ’s heyday .
Essential lyrics : “ You tease , and you flirt / You can shine all the buttons on your green shirt / You can please yourself but somebody ’s gonna get it . ”
9 . “ Everything ’s Gone Green ” — New Order Green can mean healthy and fresh , but it ’s also got a queasy flip side :
The kind of nausea that makes you chartreuse in the face .
That ’s the feeling of New Order ’s angular early - ’80s nightmare “ Everything ’s Gone Green . ”
Essential lyrics : “ Confusion sprung up from devotion / A halo that covers my eyes / It sprung from this first estrangement / No one have I ever despised . ”
8. “ Money ( That ’s What I Want ) ” — The Beatles What ’s flat and green and has far too much influence over all of our lives ?
That ’s right , that most ubiquitous of troubles : Money .
The Beatles are known for singing “ All You Need Is Love , ” but here they ’re a bit more mercenary than that .
And we kinda like ’em that way .
But you know what we like even more ?
The Flying Lizards ’ brilliantly monotone New Wave take on the classic .
Essential lyrics : “ The best things in life are free / But you can give them to the birds and bees / I want the money . ”
ytaudio( E - P2qL3qkzk )
7. “ Pass That Dutch ” — Missy Elliott
Let ’s be real :
You do n’t have to be a college burnout to know that “ green ” is n’t just slang for money .
Hell , Rolling Stone leaders devoted about half of their “ best green songs ” list to tracks about weed .
Cypress
Hill has practically devoted their entire oeuvre to marijuana odes .
But because we like a pot jam we can also dance to , Missy ’s “ Pass That Dutch ” is our pick .
Essential lyrics : “ Pass that Dutch , pass that dutch / Pop that , pop that , jiggle that fat / Do n’t stop , get it till ya clothes get wet . ”
6. “ Green Gloves ” — The National Green can also mean sickness , and that ’s what comes to mind when we ’re listening to frontman Matt Berninger intone this track ’s slow , sad lyrics in his stirringly deep voice .
There ’s a horrible sense of nostalgia and distance on “ Green Gloves ” :
The central image is filthy and clinical at the same time , the whole song a glorious mess of bitter contradictions .
Essential lyrics : “ Get inside their clothes / With my green gloves / Watch their videos , in their chairs / Get inside their beds / With my green gloves /
Get inside their heads , love their loves ”
ytaudio( Je8yqfR81-0 )
5. “ Green Light ” — Beyonce Sometimes a green light can mean everything ’s good to go — but other times , as in this track , it means you ’re getting kicked to the curb and it ’s time to zoom off .
Nobody crushes a male ego like Beyonce .
Essential lyrics : “ You got the green light , you lookin ’ right / You holdin ’ up traffic , green means go ! ”
4. “ All Green ” — Clem Snide Clem Snide is a ridiculously under - appreciated band we ’ll always go to bat for .
And “ All Green , ” an ode to summer love and good music , is not only one of their very best but also the absolute essence of greenness .
See if it does n’t get you pining for warm weather , backyard barbecues and the lushness of verdant trees in full bloom .
Essential lyrics : “ Summer will come , with Al Green and sweetened ice tea / Summer will come and be all green with the sweetness of thee . ”
3. “ The Village Green Preservation Society ” — The Kinks
There is a certain innocence to the color green ’s natural - world connotation .
Nowhere is that undertone clearer — or more sarcastic — than on “ The Village Green Preservation Society , ” the anthem for a fictional society of prissy prigs and the title track of The Kinks ’ sixth album .
Essential lyric : “ God save little shops , china cups and virginity ! ”
2. “ Crimson and Clover ” — Tommy James and the Shondells It was Tommy James who first performed this psychedelic love anthem .
And by now , it ’s appeared on countless film soundtracks and just about everyone , from Prince to Dolly Parton has recorded a version .
But for our money , Joan Jett and the Blackhearts ’ cover is the sexiest by far .
Meanwhile , as for what the whole thing means ?
Um … you tell us .
Essential lyrics : “ Well , I do n’t hardly know her / But I think I could love her / Crimson and clover / Over and over ”
1 . “ It ’s Is n’t Easy Being Green ” — Kermit the Frog This undisputed classic needs no introduction .
IOWA CITY , Iowa - President Barack Obama mocked Republicans ' campaign to repeal his new health care law , saying they should " Go for it " and see how well they fare with voters .
" Be my guest , " Obama said Thursday in the first of many appearances around the country to sell the overhaul to voters before the fall congressional elections .
" If they want to have that fight , we can have it .
Because I do n't believe the American people are going to put the insurance industry back in the driver 's seat . "
Obama 's Iowa speech
With emotions raw around the nation over the party - line vote to approve the nearly $ 1 trillion , 10 - year law , Obama took the opposition to task for " plenty of fear - mongering , plenty of overheated rhetoric . "
" If you turn on the news , you 'll see that those same folks are still shouting about how it 's going to be the end of the world because this bill passed , " said Obama , appearing before thousands in this college town where , as a presidential candidate three years ago , he first unveiled his health care proposals .
No Republican lawmakers voted for the overhaul , a sweeping package that will shape how almost every American will receive and pay for medical treatment .
Many in the GOP are predicting it will prove devastating in November for the Democrats who voted for it .
But the president stressed the notion of a promise kept , saying the legislation he signed into law on Tuesday is evidence he will do as he said .
As the crowd broke into a chant of " Yes we can ! "
Obama corrected them : " Yes we did ! "
The White House suggests it has the upper hand against Republicans politically , arguing the GOP risks a voter backlash because a repeal would take away from small businesses and individuals the benefits provided to them immediately under the new law .
" We 're not going back , " Obama said .
Obama spoke as Democrats in Washington raced to complete the overhaul with a separate package of fixes to the main bill .
Senate leaders finished work Thursday on the fix - it legislation , already approved in the House .
But Republican attempts to derail the process resulted in minor changes to the bill , which meant the House would have to vote on it again before it can go to Obama for his signature .
The House vote was expected by evening .
CAPE CANAVERAL , Florida ( Reuters ) -
The shuttle Endeavour crew bolted the last connecting module onto the International Space Station on Friday , completing more than a decade of major construction on the outpost .
During the first of three spacewalks planned during Endeavour ’s 13 - day mission , astronauts Robert Behnken and Nicholas Patrick prepared the 18 - tonne module to be transferred from the shuttle ’s cargo bay to the station .
Crewmates Kay Hire and Terry Virts then used the station ’s robot arm to install the module onto the station ’s Unity node , the last major assembly task for the U.S. portion of the $ 100 billion orbital outpost .
The station , a project of 16 nations , had been under construction 220 miles above Earth since 1998 .
“ It looks really good , nice and smooth coming in there , ” Behnken said as he watched the module slip into place .
Endeavour lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center on Monday with the connecting hub , named Tranquility , and a seven - sided viewing port , slated to be installed later this week .
Tranquility , made in Italy , takes its name from the site where U.S. astronauts first landed on the moon in 1969 .
Tranquility will be outfitted as a second habitation module for the live - aboard station crew , housing a toilet , oxygen generator , air scrubber and water recycling system .
Four more shuttle missions remain to finish outfitting the station before NASA retires its three - ship fleet at the end of the year .
Posted on March 30th , 2010
Rye
Ale is an oft overlooked style of beer that combines the graininess of a porter , the smoothness of a cream ale and the spiciness of a pale ale in one delicious brew .
While it still can be tough to find in some parts of the country , the style has been slowly gaining in popularity over the last few years .
Its unique combination of flavors makes it a great beer to enjoy during the spring or any time of the year .
As the name suggests , the key ingredient in this style is rye grain .
Used in place of barley , rye gives beer a tall head and a lovely taste .
Although rye is best known as a type of bread , it has been used for many centuries as a basic ingredient in many different types of alcohol .
First cultivated in Turkey , the plant is now primarily grown through much of Europe , but can also be found in Asia and North America .
Because its flavors are so much stronger than barley , when overused rye can overpower a beer ’s taste , but when brewed in conjunction with barley it gives beer a wonderfully bold taste .
It ’s only in recent years that rye has seen a resurgence among craft brewers .
There are now a number of wonderful beers out their in the classic rye ale style .
If you are looking for a classic rye ale to introduce yourself to the style your best bet is Founders ’ Red ’s Rye Ale , which is perhaps the most popular rye ale in America .
If you find it to your liking be sure to give Cane & Ebel from Two Brothers Brewing Co. a try or the Rye Pale Ale from Terrapin .
In addition to this many more brewers have been experimenting with the grain as a flavor enhancer in other styles .
One example of this is Brooklyn Brewery ’s Manhattan Project , which was brewed in collaboration with Esquire Magazine Drinks Editor David Wondrich as an attempt to replicate the taste of a Manhattan cocktail in beer form .
While it ’s hardly a Manhattan clone it is a deliciously unusual brew that showcases the tremendous versatility of rye and something everyone should try .
What do you think of rye ale ?
Next time you try one let us know by tweeting your beer and adding the #mybeer hashtag
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
MPs have backed government plans to hold a UK - wide referendum on changing the voting system next year .
Voters would be asked if they wanted to keep " first past the post " or switch to the " alternative vote " , which ranks candidates in order of preference .
But it is not certain the bill will become law before Parliament is dissolved ahead of the election .
The government says change is needed to restore trust in politics , but the Tories say it is a waste of £ 80 m .
MPs backed the referendum plan by 365 votes to 187 - a majority of 178 for the government .
A Liberal Democrat amendment to hold a referendum earlier and on a different voting system - the single transferable vote - was defeated by 476 votes to 69 .
Trust ' damaged '
The government put forward its plan for a referendum to be held by the end of October 2011 in an amendment to the Constitutional Reform Bill .
But the wide - ranging bill has to go through various parliamentary stages before becoming law and is expected to face opposition in the House of Lords .
Downing Street has also admitted " time is tight " to change the law ahead of a general election , widely expected in May .
At one stage during the debate , former Beatle Sir Paul McCartney appeared in the public gallery for about five minutes - he chatted to a group of students from Argentina who spotted him before he left .
Opening the Commons debate , Justice Secretary Jack Straw said trust in Parliament had been " profoundly damaged " by the expenses scandal .
Part of restoring trust must be considering which voting system could best serve them , he said .
WHAT IS ALTERNATIVE VOTE ?
Voters rank candidates in order of preference and anyone getting more than 50 % in the first round is elected .
If that does n't happen , the candidate with the fewest votes is eliminated and their second choices allocated to the remaining candidates
This process continues until a winner emerges
Would AV have changed history ?
Straw backs election night counts " This is an important debate .
This subject is a fundamental plank of our democracy and it comes at a time when this House is held in dangerously low regard , " said Mr Straw .
" The alternative vote takes on the considerable strengths of our system and I suggest , builds on it .
We propose a referendum because we believe it is not for us to decide , but it is important the people should have that choice , " he added .
But several Tory MPs stood up to ridicule the idea - suggesting it was an act of " political cynicism " by Gordon Brown ahead of a general election and the issue was " utterly irrelevant " to most people .
' Belated conversion '
They have accused Labour of using the issue to make overtures to the Liberal Democrats in the event of a hung Parliament .
Mr Straw's Conservative shadow , Dominic Grieve , said it would cost " £ 80 m for a gimmick which the government wishes to foist on the electorate " at a time when " every pound matters " .
He suggested the prime minister had had a " belated conversion to the cause of electoral reform which he has so successfully and personally obstructed for over a decade " .
We cannot go on with a political system under which unpopular governments are elected by a little more than a third of those voting
David Howarth
Lib Dems
The current system delivered " clear , clean results " and allowed voters to " get rid of " MPs they did not want .
He said proportional representation systems " saddle a country with impossible legislatures where you cannot have any proper governance carried on at all " .
For the Lib Dems , David Howarth said the government 's " deathbed conversion " to electoral reform did " look like a manoeuvre " .
He said his party would support the government 's amendment but only so it could try to amend it " radically " in favour of a referendum on a " more proportional " system .
Parliament Act Mr Howarth said : " We can not go on with a political system under which unpopular governments are elected by a little more than a third of those voting and who push through policies that two - thirds of those voting have just voted against . "
Some MPs suggested other voting systems should be considered - including the French system in which the top two candidates take part in a run - off election if no - one gets 50 % of the vote .
The Tories say the current system results in stable governments and keeps out extremists - if they win the general election , expected to be held in May - they are expected to scrap any plans for a referendum .
Mr Straw has also said the government will back a Tory amendment which would guarantee general election votes are counted on polling night .
Some Labour MPs also believe the " alternative vote " would benefit the least unpopular - rather than the most popular - candidates , and could cost Labour seats .
But they believe the chances of the referendum becoming law are slim .
One told the BBC : " It 's dead before it 's even started - so what 's the point ? "
Labour pledged a referendum on electoral reform in its 1997 election manifesto but the idea was kicked into the long grass by Tony Blair after his landslide victory .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Visitors take a tour of the newly - restored monastery
Egypt has completed the restoration of reputedly the world 's oldest Christian monastery , called Saint Anthony's .
The monastery is believed to be 1,600 years old .
The government - sponsored restoration project cost over $ 14 m ( £ 8.9 m ) and took more than eight years .
The monastery is a popular site for Coptic Christian pilgrims .
The restoration comes soon after Egypt 's worst incident of sectarian violence in a decade , when six Copts were shot dead on Christmas Eve .
BBC 's Cairo correspondent Yolande Knell says it is hoped the newly - restored monastery in Suez City will be held up as a sign of co-existence between Egypt 's Muslim majority and Christian minority .
Solitary life
Speaking at the site , Egypt 's chief archaeologist Zahi Hawass stressed that restoration work at the monastery was carried out by Muslims .
" The announcement we are making today shows to the world how we are keen to restore the monuments of our past , whether Coptic , Jewish or Muslim , " said Mr Hawass .
Saint Anthony settled in a cave in remote mountains close to the Red Sea at the end of the 3rd Century to live in isolation .
When he died , his followers built the monastery and named it after him .
The project has restored an ancient wall , a tower , two main churches and the monks ' quarters .
The Compaq Airlife 100 is HP ’s latest Android offering .
This laptop will be released to select countries starting this spring .
This laptop will be packed full of options .
This 10.1 inch ultraportable laptop will host a slew of features including :
• 3G connectivity
• Optional touch screen
• WiFi(b/g/n )
• 16 GB SSD Hard Drive
• SD card slot
• 12 hours of use and 10 days standby
• GPS
• WebCam
• Qualcomm QSD8250 Snapdragon Processor
There is currently no price set for this laptop but expect it to be around $ 350 .
This will fit right in with the other small laptops and the addition of Android will make this an attractive buy for us Android fans .
Hopefully , HP will make an announcement with more information at the MWC this weekend .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0BZ2yKt5AI[/youtube]
Thanks to ggrant3876 for finding this video .
[ via xatakamovil ]
“ Hands off my health care ” goes one strain of populist sentiment .
But what if ?
Suppose Congress and President Barack Obama fail to overhaul the system now , or just tinker around the edges , or start over , as the Republicans propose — despite the Democrats ’ latest and possibly last big push that began last week at a marathon televised forum in Washington .
Then “ my health care ” stays the same , right ?
Far from it , health policy analysts and economists of nearly every ideological persuasion agree .
The unrelenting rise in medical costs is likely to wreak havoc within the system and beyond it , and pretty much everyone will be affected , directly or indirectly .
“ People think if we do nothing , we will have what we have now , ” said Karen Davis , the president of the Commonwealth Fund , a nonprofit health care research group in New York .
“ In fact , what we will have is a substantial deterioration in what we have . ”
Nearly every mainstream analysis calls for medical costs to continue to climb over the next decade , outpacing the growth in the overall economy and certainly increasing faster than the average paycheck .
Those higher costs will translate into higher premiums , which will mean fewer individuals and businesses will be able to afford insurance coverage .
More of everyone ’s dollar will go to health care , and government programs like Medicare and Medicaid will struggle to find the money to operate .
Policymakers , in the end , may be forced to address the issue .
“ It will break all of our banks if we do nothing , ” said Peter V. Lee , who oversees national health policy for the Pacific Business Group on Health , which represents employers that offer coverage to workers .
“ It is a course that is literally bankrupting the federal government and businesses and individuals across the country . ”
Even those families that enjoy generous insurance now are likely to see the cost of those benefits escalate .
The typical price of family coverage now runs about $ 13,000 a year , but premiums are expected to nearly double , to $ 24,000 , by 2020 , according to the Commonwealth Fund .
While some employers will continue to contribute the lion ’s share of those premiums , there will be less money for employees in the form of raises or bonuses .
“ It ’s also cramping our economic growth , ” said Frank McArdle , a consultant with Hewitt Associates , which advises large employers and reported on the need for change for the Business Roundtable , an association of CEOs at major companies .
Spending so much on health care is “ really a waste of people ’s money , ” McArdle said .
The higher premiums will also persuade more businesses , especially smaller ones , to decide not to offer insurance .
More people who buy coverage on their own or are asked to pay a large share of premiums will find the price too high .
It does n’t take too many 39 percent increases , like the recent one proposed by Anthem Blue Cross that has garnered so much attention , to put insurance out of reach .
While estimates vary , the number of people without insurance is expected to increase by more than a million a year , said Ron Pollack , the executive director of Families USA , a Washington consumer advocacy group that favors the Democrats ’ approach .
There will be a cost in lives , too .
Pollack ’s organization estimates that as many as 275,000 people will die prematurely over the next 10 years because they do not have insurance .
WASHINGTON TOWNSHIP , N.J. —
The authorities in southern New Jersey said Saturday that they had arrested a 16 - year - old boy for activating a public - address system at a Wal - Mart store last week and ordering “ all black people ” to leave .
The boy , from Atlantic County , was charged by Gloucester County authorities with bias and intimidation and harassment in connection with the episode last Sunday .
If convicted , he could face up to a year in a juvenile detention center , officials said .
His name was not released because he is a minor .
According to the police , the boy picked up a public - address telephone in the Wal - Mart in Washington Township , one of two dozen accessible to the store ’s customers , and said , “ All black people , leave the store now . ”
A store manager quickly apologized over the public - address system , witnesses said , and the police and the store opened separate investigations that included a review of images captured by the store ’s security cameras .
A staffer for Rep. James Clyburn ( D - S.C. ) told reporters that Rep. Emanuel Cleaver ( D - Mo. ) had been spit on by a protestor .
Rep. John Lewis ( D - Ga. ) , a hero of the civil rights movement , was called a ‘ ni–er . ’
And Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) was called a " faggot , " as protestors shouted at him with deliberately lisp -y screams .
Frank , approached in the halls after the president ’s speech , shrugged off the incident .
But Clyburn was downright incredulous , saying he had not witnessed such treatment since he was leading civil rights protests in South Carolina in the 1960s .
" I heard people saying things that I have not heard since March 15 , 1960 when I was marching to try and get off the back of the bus , " [ said Clyburn . ]
On Twitter , Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - SC ) wrote that he was " grateful for the thousands of patriots who are storming the Capitol today protesting government healthcare and defending freedom . "
These are " patriots " in your eyes , Jim ?
I disagree heavily .
Senator DeMint , you disgust me .
These people who are doing such vile things disgust me .
Thank you for continually associating yourself with the dismal and destructive nature this country does n't need .
Thank you for showing people the truth in how you feel about their helpless situations in the state of South Carolina .
Thank you for giving people a concrete reason to vote you out of office .
I ask when enough is enough .
When will people actually think for their damn selves and do the right thing by electing a different party that has not run this state for decades .
It 's past the point of being semi-serious .
It 's 100 percent serious .
These people follow the same mold of Joe Wilson by disrespecting our elected leaders - people we voted into office to serve us - by name calling , slurring and downright being total asses .
It 's happening here in this state .
It 's all around us .
People , there comes a time where you need to act when you recognize something being resurrected that would destroy our country as we know it .
Now is that time .
Hate is out in the open .
It 's promoted as a medium to get people elected - to further push such hatred .
This , my friends , is what we are becoming ...
Real Christian - like , huh ...
Long Way To Skate
This is our 8 month trip across the country on longboards .
in an attempt to raise green awareness and to raise money for multiple sclerosis , we will board 5000 + miles on our longboards .
we start in march 2010 , so i hope you 'll be here to read about our adventures
What do AT&T , Blue Cross / Blue Shield , the Teamsters Union , U.S. Steel , Lowe ’s , the NAACP , the Colorado Farm Bureau and the City of St. Louis all have in common ?
Give up ?
They ’re part of the motley crew of fewer than three - dozen entities that reported lobbying specifically on the “ public option ” last year .
Despite the energy and resources that have poured into the public option debate , few players actually detailed their lobbying on this high - stakes proposal , the Center for Responsive Politics has found .
Reporting requirements for lobbying activity allow for broad and ambiguous descriptions of actual lobbying activity .
Organizations are required to disclose lobbying on broad , general issues ( such as “ health issues “ ) , as part of the filing procedures associated with the LD - 2 lobbying reports .
A secondary , “ specific issue ” field is designed as a place for lobbyists to identify the bill number , bill title and other additional information about their specific causes .
However , the amount of additional information detailed in this field can vary .
A Center for Responsive Politics review of 2009 lobbying reports filed with the Senate Office of Public Records shows just 30 clients reference the phrase “ public option ” in the specific issue field .
Anecdotally , many other corporations and organizations lobbied on the public option issue , but without specifically stating that they did in these filings .
They may also have used words or phrases other than “ public option ” to describe this advocacy for or against the controversial proposal .
In this snapshot that examined only records that explicitly used the phrase “ public option , ” the Center for Responsive Politics found a broad range of disclosure levels .
Records for the League of Women Voters , for instance , clearly identify the group as favoring the plan .
The same is true for the NAACP — for whom records detail support of a “ choice of a private ( allowing recipients to stay with their existing health care coverage if they choose ) or public health care plan , which includes a new public health care plan ( the public option ) that will provide a guaranteed backup which will always be there to ensure quality , affordable health care coverage no matter what . ”
On the other end of the spectrum , some clients were not shy about specifying their opposition .
“ Advocated in favor of non-profit , non-governmental co-op and oppose other public options proposals including the opt - out proposals , ” states one report from the American Hospital Association .
And reports for the Center for Individual Freedom detail “ Research / preparation for meetings and correspondence with House and Senate staff in opposition to [ comprehensive ] health care “ reform , ” to any government - run public option , tax increases and various other proposals under consideration . ”
Yet a large proportion of records yield few clues about the clients ’ positions on the proposal .
Client Position Detailed Specific Issue Detail Examples AIDS Action Council Support … support inclusion of [ … ] public option in health care plans …
American Hospital Assn Oppose … opposed proposal to expand Medicare under the public option …
Advocated in favor of non-profit , non-governmental co-op and oppose other public options proposals including the opt - out proposals …
American Public Health Association Support … support a “ public option ” as a insurance choice in health reform proposals …
AT&T Inc Unclear … HR 3200 America ’s Affordable Health Choices
Act of 2009 , as it relates to ERISA , public plan option …
Blue Cross / Blue Shield Unclear …issues pertaining to the excise tax , public option …
Center for American Progress Unclear … H.R. 3962 – Affordable Health Care for America Act ; public option …
Center for Individual Freedom Oppose … Research / Preparation for meetings & correspondence with House and Senate staff in opposition to comprensive [ sic ] health care “ reform ” , to any government - run public option …
City of St Louis , MO Unclear … H.R. 3590 – Senate Healthcare Reform bill – issue of public option …
Colorado Farm Bureau
Oppose … oppose all provisions relating to a ‘ public option ’ or ‘ government - run ’ health care … Common Cause Support … supported a public option being included in health care legislation …
Corporate Health Care Coalition Unclear … HR 3590 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act … Public Option … Iowa Hospital Assn Unclear … Health care reform legislation , including [ … ] public option … Kimberly - Clark Corp Oppose … HR3200 / HR3962 : Health Care Overhaul — Public Option – Oppose … League of Women Voters of the US Support … support passage of comprehensive health care reform legislation , including a public option …
Lowe ’s Companies Unclear … House and Senate health care legislation re 90 day autoenrollments , ERISA preemptions , long term care insurance fees , public option , and other measures considered in health care reform …
Marshfield Clinic
Oppose … opposition to the establishment of a public option in Health Insurance Exchanges if it were to reimburse providers at Medicare rates …
National Advocacy Center of the Sisters of the Good Shepherd Support … support a robust public option in health care reform legislation …
NAACP Support … create a public option to increase competition among health insurers …
Support the inclusion of a public option in health care reform …
National Association Management Group Unclear … H.R. 3200 – America ’s Affordable Health Choices
Act of 2009 ( and related Health Care bills ) – regarding the creation of a comprehensive health care system that includes employer mandates and a public option …
National Auto Dealers Assn Unclear … H.R. 3962 , “ Affordable Health Care for America Act ” , employer mandate , public option , and surtax provisions … Natl Alliance of State Rural Water Assns Support … America ’s Affordable Health Choices Act ( HR 3200 ) – support for Medicaid expansion , public option , prevention and public health infrastructure …
New England Council Unclear … healthcare reform – analysis of public option …
National Right to Life Committee Unclear … contacts in support of Enzi Amendment 285 to prohibit the Secretary of Health and Human Services from limiting access to end of life care by allowing the public option to employ a pattern or practice of discrimination based on the age , disability or purported “ quality of life ” of the patient …
Small Business / Entrepreneurship Council Oppose … opposed employer mandates , “ play - or - pay ” , increased taxes ( surtaxes , for example ) , a public option for health coverage , and excessive bureaucracy and spending in health care reform …
SSM Health Care Oppose … opposed public options that would cause employers and individuals to shift from private coverage to public coverage …
Teamsters Union Unclear … American Healthy Future Act ; taxation of employer provided health care benefits ; “ insurer excise tax ” ; employer mandate , “ play or pay ” proposals , public option issue …
Traditional Values Coalition Oppose … letter to Senators opposing a government - run , public option to national healthcare … UnitedHealth Group Unclear … the Affordable Health Choices Act - Medicare Advantage - Medicare Part D-Medicaid Managed Care - Cost containment - Public Option … US Pharmacopeial Convention Unclear … HR 3200 , “ America ’s Affordable health Choice Act of 2009 ” , regarding the amendment on public option / formularies …
US Steel Unclear … H.R.3692 , Affordable Health Care for America Act Regarding the following issues : [ …]
Public Option …
The “ public option ” rose to center stage in last year ’s health care reform debates .
It was envisioned to serve as a government - backed insurance option to give private insurers further competition and keep costs down .
President Barack Obama had campaigned on a public insurance option in his 2008 presidential bid .
Most Democrats also supported the idea , and most Republicans , meanwhile , railed against it .
Major drug companies , insurers and their trade associations also vocally opposed its creation , while major unions embraced it and lobbied for it .
House Democrats included the proposal in the comprehensive health insurance reform bill that they passed in November .
Several moderate and conservative members of the Democratic caucus in the Senate , however , objected to its inclusion in that chamber ’s version of health care reform legislation , and no such measure was part of the bill Senate Democrats passed in December .
( In September , the Senate Finance Committee rejected two amendments that would have created a public option when it drafted its plan . )
The public option passed by the House would be available as part of a newly created national insurance exchange for employees of small businesses , self - employed people and unemployed people not already receiving assistance through programs like Medicare .
The public option has recently returned to the political limelight after freshman Sen. Michael Bennet ( D - Colo . ) led his colleagues in urging Senate leadership to pass a public health insurance option via reconciliation — a procedural rule that allows budgetary measures to pass with a majority of senators .
This avoids a cloture vote , which requires a three - fifths majority to end debate on an issue .
More than 20 Democratic senators have since signed this letter to the leadership , and more than 100 members of the House have signed a similar letter there circulated by fellow Centennial State freshman Rep. Jared Polis ( D - Colo . ) .
White House vote counters have long been skeptical that the public option would garner enough votes to pass in the Senate , and Obama did not include the idea among his proposal released ahead of Thursday ’s bipartisan health care summit .
Nonetheless , lobbying and debate on the public option is likely to continue as long as Democrats are discussing health insurance reform plans .
CRP researcher Matthias Jaime contributed to this report .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
Anthrax
War is a ground - breaking feature length documentary which illuminates one of the most important stories of our age – the threat that a terrifying Germ War Arms Race may now be beginning around the globe …
Just weeks after 9/11 , the United States was confronted with the frightening reality of biological terrorism .
Anthrax - laced letters sent to government and media offices in Washington and New York spread fear and panic around the world .
Millions were put at risk , scores were infected and five people died .
For the first time in modern history , the United States Congress was shut down .
Our collective nightmare of germ warfare – the attack of invisible , deadly bugs – had come to life …
Anthrax
War takes viewers into the Bio - defense labs of the United States and the U.S. Military ’s testing grounds in the deserts of the American southwest .
The filmmakers travel to a top - secret military installation of the former Soviet Union where anthrax escaped thirty years ago , where civilians are still living with the consequences , and where biological weapons work may be continuing .
They move on to the savannas of southern Africa , where they meet “ Doctor Death ” and his associates of the notorious Project Coast who experimented with anthrax and other designer germs during the Apartheid Era .
And where the anthrax used in the 2001 attacks may have originated .
After six highly successful years of exploring the red sands of Mars , NASA ’s rover Spirit will rove no more .
With its six wheels stuck in powdery sand and two wheels no longer working at all , the resilient little explorer will become an immobile scientific observatory -- if it can survive the harsh temperatures of the upcoming winter .
“ Its driving days are likely over , ” Doug McCuistion , director of NASA ’s Mars Exploration Program , said in a telephone news conference Tuesday .
If Spirit can be awakened after what could be a six - month hibernation , researchers will use it to attempt to answer one of their most pressing questions : whether the planet has a solid iron core or a liquid one .
If the vehicle ca n’t be revived , it will still have far surpassed scientists ’ original expectations and its design life of three months , traveling nearly 12 miles across the barren surface of Mars and finding strong evidence that water once altered the planet ’s terrain .
Spirit ’s twin , Opportunity , is still moving across the Martian surface farther north nearer the equator and on the other side of the planet , and continues to send back valuable data .
Opportunity has successfully weathered every Martian winter so far because “ it is in a different thermal environment , ” McCuistion said , and the team that controls it does n’t expect any troubles for it this winter .
Spirit ’s problems began nine months ago as it was driving toward a pair of volcanic features named Von Braun and Goddard in the southern hemisphere .
Its wheels broke through the thin Martian crust and sank into powdery sand .
Breaking free proved difficult because one of the rover ’s six wheels had broken down three years earlier .
A second wheel became immobilized during the extrication attempts , leaving the vehicle with three good wheels on its left side and only one on its right .
So far , the efforts to free it have only dug the wheels in deeper .
About a week and a half ago , with winter approaching , the team shifted its emphasis from extricating the rover to positioning it so that its solar panels would receive more sunlight , rover driver Ashley Stroupe of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory said at the news conference .
The rovers were designed and built at the La Cañada Flintridge laboratory , and engineers have been guiding them from that location .
The most likely scenario is that Spirit ’s power supply will get lower and lower and eventually it will shut down and go into hibernation mode until spring brings more sunshine .
The question is whether engineers will be able to revive it to use that sunshine .
NASA engineers expect temperatures around Spirit to fall into the minus 40s this winter .
The craft was designed to operate in temperatures as low as minus 40 degrees and to survive temperatures as low as minus 67 degrees .
“ But that is with a brand - new rover fresh out of the box , ” said John Callas , JPL ’s project manager for the rovers .
If Spirit does survive , researchers hope to get many more scientific results from it , said Steve Squyres of Cornell University , the project ’s principal investigator .
By tracking Spirit ’s radio signal precisely over a long time -- perhaps six months or more -- the team will be able to monitor Mars ’ “ wobble ” in its orbit .
That will allow scientists to determine whether the planet has a solid or liquid core .
“ This is totally new science , really fundamental stuff ” that can be achieved only with a stationary platform , he said .
By looking around the craft for a long period , he added , the team will also be able to monitor how the planet ’s atmosphere interacts with its surface .
And finally , by continuing to dig at the current site , the team will be able to characterize the soil much more thoroughly than has been achieved anywhere else on Mars .
“ The bottom line is , we are not giving up on Spirit , ” Squyres said .
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
Stock investors are facing the biggest test of their staying power since Wall Street ’s rally began nearly a year ago .
Share prices slumped again Monday , driving the Dow Jones industrials below the 10,000 level for the first time since November , as investors pulled back amid worries about Europe ’s government debt crisis and the U.S. economic recovery .
The Dow , which has fallen for four straight weeks , lost 103.84 points , or 1 % , to 9,908.39 , its lowest close since Nov. 4 .
Traders said there was no rush for the exits Monday , but rather that potential buyers largely remained sidelined amid Europe ’s financial tensions and nagging questions about the U.S. economy ’s health .
“ It ’s a buyers ’ strike , ” said David Rovelli , head of stock trading at brokerage Canaccord Adams in New York .
The Dow ’s drop below the 10,000 mark could discourage market optimists , some analysts said .
The blue - chip index had managed to rally from a low of 9,835 on Friday to close at 10,012 , suggesting that some investors and traders were drawing a line in the sand .
With Monday ’s slide , some market indexes neared the point of a 10 % drop from their recent highs .
A pullback of that magnitude has n’t occurred in key market gauges since stocks began their rebound from 12 - year lows last March .
The New York Stock Exchange composite index , which fell 1 % for the day , now is down 9.9 % from its 15 - month high reached Jan. 11 .
The Dow is down 7.6 % from its recent high .
The question is whether a market drop exceeding 10 % would attract bargain - hunters -- or whether it would encourage more investors to sell .
Joe Battipaglia , market strategist at investment firm Stifel Nicolaus & Co. in Yardley , Pa. , said he was doubtful that the sell - off would hold in the 10 % range , the threshold for a typical short - term “ correction ” in an ongoing bull market .
“ At this point , people are thinking there ’s no reason to come into the market , ” he said .
Since the new year began , stock prices worldwide have been slammed in part by the latest turmoil in Europe .
Mounting debt woes of several European countries , including Greece , Portugal and Spain , have raised the risk of a financial “ contagion ” that could spread worldwide , just as the failure of brokerage Lehman Bros. in 2008 quickly reverberated around the planet .
Bond investors have demanded ever - higher yields on Greek government bonds , reflecting doubts about the country ’s creditworthiness as its budget deficit has soared .
On Monday the yield on two - year Greek bonds rose to 6.63 % from 6.39 % on Friday and 3.71 % three weeks ago .
By contrast , two - year U.S. Treasury notes yield a mere 0.77 % .
Fear of contagion eased a bit in Europe on Monday .
Yields pulled back slightly on Portuguese and Spanish bonds , and most European stock markets stabilized after heavy losses last week .
Still , nervousness about the financial sector was reflected in renewed selling of U.S. bank stocks , which led Wall Street ’s slide .
Financial issues in the Standard & Poor ’s 500 index fell an average of 2.2 % for the day .
The S&P index overall dropped 9.45 points , or 0.9 % , to 1,056.74 .
The Nasdaq composite index was off 15.07 points , or 0.7 % , to 2,126.05 .
Europe ’s problems aside , U.S. share prices have been undermined by nagging doubts about the economic recovery ’s staying power .
Despite the government ’s report last month that the economy grew at a 5.7 % annualized rate in the fourth quarter -- and despite stronger - than - expected fourth - quarter earnings reports from many U.S. companies -- some investors worry that the rebound will fade this year .
Battipaglia noted that Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke was scheduled to testify before Congress on Wednesday .
He is expected to outline the central bank ’s plans to begin slowly tightening credit .
“ Investors are starting to worry that some of the props holding up the economy are going away , ” Battipaglia said .
But market bulls believe the economy has enough momentum to support stocks near current levels .
“ I think this is a normal correction ” in share prices , said Nick Sargen , investment chief at Cincinnati - based Fort Washington Investment Advisors , which manages more than $ 30 billion in assets .
“ If the question is whether this is a sentiment shift or a fundamental shift , I think it ’s a sentiment shift , ” he said .
“ There ’s nothing to tell me that the recovery is in jeopardy . ”
tom.petruno@latimes.com
One of the biggest earthquakes in recorded history rocked Chile on Saturday , killing more than 300 people , toppling buildings and freeways , and setting off sirens thousands of miles away as governments scrambled to protect coastal residents from the ensuing tsunami .
FOR THE RECORD :
Chilean quake :
An article in the Feb. 28 Section A about the earthquake in Chile said its epicenter was relatively deep .
The article should have described that point of origin as the hypocenter , or focus ; the epicenter is the section of Earth ’s surface directly above a temblor ’s point of origin . —
Chilean President Michelle Bachelet declared parts of the country “ catastrophe zones ” in the wake of the magnitude 8.8 quake , which was centered offshore , about 70 miles north of the port city of Concepcion .
With images of Haiti ’s devastation from an earthquake last month still fresh , the world woke up to a new disaster and fears of another catastrophic toll .
But the Chile quake ’s epicenter was relatively deep , at 21.7 miles , and building codes are strict in a country that 50 years ago was struck by the biggest earthquake ever recorded : a magnitude 9.5 .
Nonetheless , Bachelet said in an address to the nation Saturday night that a million buildings had been damaged .
And with television stations showing topsy - turvy structures , severed bridges and highways whose pavement looked as if it had been tilled by some giant farm machine , the death toll was expected to rise .
Concepcion resident Alberto Rozas said his building began to shake and he grabbed his daughter in terror amid shattering glass and an ungodly roar .
“ It was awful , ” said Rozas , who lives next to a 15 - story apartment building that was reduced to rubble .
“ The only thing I did right was throw clothes on the floor so my daughter and I could escape without ruining our feet .
But we ’re still covered with cuts . ”
As a flurry of 30 aftershocks , some measuring greater than magnitude 6.0 , continued to strike the region all day , Chile ’s Interior Ministry said tsunami surges reaching heights of 10 feet hit the nation ’s Juan Fernandez Islands , leaving three people dead and 13 missing .
Memories of the tsunami that was unleashed on Southeast Asia and around the Indian Ocean five years ago haunted governments across the Pacific on Saturday .
In Hawaii , 100,000 people were evacuated to higher ground , and the U.S. Navy ’s Pacific Fleet sent four warships out to sea as a precaution against damage near shore at Pearl Harbor .
A series of small 3 - foot tsunamis hit Hawaii ’s Big Island shortly after 1 p.m. , churning up sediment but causing no apparent damage .
Early Sunday , Japan ’s Meteorological
Agency warned that a “ major ” tsunami of up to 10 feet could hit northern coastal areas , although initial waves that reached outlying islands posed little threat .
The U.S. moved briskly to offer assistance to Chile .
President Obama spoke with Bachelet to offer condolences , praising the country ’s quick response and reiterating the United States ’ readiness to aid in rescue and recovery .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said she planned to visit the region Sunday .
“ Our hemisphere comes together in times of crisis , and we will stand side by side with the people of Chile in this emergency , ” she said .
Some observers , however , worried that international relief efforts could be stretched thin by the continuing response to the Haiti earthquake , which left more than 215,000 people dead and a million homeless .
In Chile , television images showed collapsed highway overpasses and buildings in southern Santiago , the capital , and in Concepcion , 300 miles to the south .
Bachelet was reported to be headed to the region to inspect the damage .
President - elect Sebastian Pinera , who will take office in two weeks , told reporters that in addition to scores of deaths , the country suffered damage to its infrastructure , including highways , airports and housing .
“ This earthquake has delivered a tremendous blow to Chilean society , ” Pinera said , adding he would request emergency funds totaling 2 % of the budget to help rebuild .
“ Our government will do everything for the recovery and to accelerate reconstruction . ”
Santiago ’s international airport will be closed at least through Monday , officials said .
Although the runways are in good condition , the control tower and customs facilities suffered extensive damage , officials said .
Key structures in Santiago , including ministry buildings , suffered heavy damage , said Education Minister Monica Jimenez .
Government employees will be asked to stay home Monday as officials assesses structural safety , she said .
Public schools that were to have reopened Monday after summer vacation are now scheduled to reopen March 8 .
The quake , lasting 30 seconds or more , struck about 3:30 a.m. Saturday .
Santiago residents , many of them in their pajamas , poured into the streets .
A chemical fire at a factory raged out of control and there was smoke in much of the city .
Telephone service and electricity were still out in one - third of the capital as of the afternoon and communication was problematic because of the collapse of several cellphone towers .
Santiago faces possible mass transit chaos , with the city ’s subway system closed indefinitely while the tracks are inspected .
Bachelet urged drivers to not use major thoroughfares because traffic lights were out and many pedestrian bridges had collapsed .
Major damage was reported in Concepcion , the country ’s second - largest city and the one closest to the epicenter .
Several fires due to gas leaks were reported .
A multi-story building also collapsed .
The mayor of Concepcion , Jacqueline van Rysselberghe , described her city as “ Dante- esque ” in the aftermath of the quake , saying two bridges over the Biobio River had collapsed and others were damaged .
She said officials still were not sure of the death toll .
The city is home to one of the largest universities in the South American nation , Universidad de Concepcion , a public school with a decidedly liberal student body .
Its grounds are often the site of socialist protests .
Kraul is a special correspondent .
Times staff writers Janet Hook in Washington and Robert Faturechi in Los Angeles , and special correspondents Andres D’Alessandro in Buenos Aires and Eva Vergara and Lauren Williams in Santiago contributed to this report .
Remember thrusting your hand into a big pail of mixed - up , broken crayons ( or gently reaching for your box of perfectly ordered , mint - condition crayons ) , then leafing through your construction paper to find the perfect hue to go with your chosen sticks of pigmented wax ?
Or , did you hunt for the perfect piece of construction paper first , then search for the ideal crayons to go with the paper ?
No matter how tidy you kept your supplies or in what order you chose them , even at a young age we searched for correct color combinations .
“ Correct ” was something different to each of us , but it often meant finding the right contrast between the background ( construction paper ) and the foreground ( crayons ) so our work would stand out among our classmates ’ masterpieces .
Article Continues Below
From a very young age we understand that color affects our lives .
However , as children we do n’t know that people experience color in different ways .
As children , we might not understand the term “ colorblind ” and even for an adult it ’s hard to comprehend that color still affects people who are 100 % colorblind — those who can only see in shades of gray .
People who are colorblind are affected differently than people who can experience the full - color spectrum .
Contrast — the secret sauce #section2
Contrast is the perceived difference in colors that are in close proximity to each other .
Using contrast effectively not only differentiates your design from others , it ’s the essential ingredient that makes content accessible to every viewer .
People who are fully colorblind , those with specific types of colorblindness , and people with low - vision need to access content on the web .
As designers , we must ensure that every viewer is able to perceive content on the sites we create .
What ’s more , we do n’t have to limit ourselves to the high contrast combination of black and white .
We can embrace our big pail of colors and create websites that unabashedly employ color with appropriate contrast .
Black and white #section3
Today , designers are more aware of color choice ramifications .
Many businesses , organizations , and institutions follow rules of accessibility , requiring designers to make color decisions based on contrast .
This has created a greater need and desire to test for color contrast .
A variety of tools and resources help meet this need , and a great way to determine the best fit for your workflow is to take some time to experience the tools for yourself .
Every designer has a different workflow , but research is often one of the first stages of the design process .
One way to guarantee that design effectively uses contrast is to evaluate your layout in grayscale .
To evaluate a live website ’s contrast , you can use a tool such as graybit.com that converts existing websites to grayscale .
Use graybit.com to research some of your favorite websites and test out your sites , as well .
Ask yourself the following questions :
Can you read the text ?
Do the visual elements retain their hierarchy ?
Take note of what works well when you view the websites in color and what stops working well when you view these sites in grayscale .
Fig 1 . InterACT website in full - color .
Fig 2 . The InterACT website in grayscale .
The images above show the full - color InterACT website and the grayscale rendition created by graybit.com .
The content is still readable even in grayscale .
This site was designed first in grayscale and then translated into color .
If you can make a solid design in black , white , and shades of gray , it will often allow you to translate your design to almost any color combination — as long as that color combination maintains the same level of contrast between the visual elements .
Create your sketches and roughs in black and white and then create comps in grayscale .
This workflow not only allows your mind to stay focused on the hierarchy of elements on the page , preventing you from getting hung up on color choices , it also helps you to create a design that uses proper contrast .
To evaluate a website ’s contrast while it ’s still in the design stage , use an image manipulation tool , such as Photoshop , and view the design in grayscale versus RGB .
If you would like to view the design you ’re working on and even see your entire desktop including all of your applications in grayscale you can use Nocturne , which is an application that allows viewers to have additional control over their screens for viewing in low light situations .
Use Nocturne to get a quick sense of how the contrast of your design is developing .
Compare this image of my desktop that includes a photo that has strong golds , reds , and blues and the standard color swatch palette from Photoshop versus the image as seen in grayscale using Nocturne .
Fig 3 . Full - color view of desktop .
Fig 4 . Viewing desktop in grayscale using Nocturne .
For extra credit , try designing using color while viewing what you design in grayscale .
When you ’re finished , turn off Nocturne and examine what you created .
Note the color combinations that work well .
Why do they work ?
I venture to guess that good contrast is the answer .
Passed with flying colors#section4
Once you ’ve tried designing in grayscale and are ready to move onto the color stage , there are many tools that can help you choose a proper color palette .
Color Scheme Designer is one of my favorites .
This tool provides a lot of control and options to help you choose a color palette without making the process overwhelming .
It can also simulate how people with various types of colorblindness will interpret your color scheme .
You can export palettes in a number of different formats ; this makes it an easy and efficient tool to add to your workflow .
If you are not colorblind , these simulations can educate you on how a person who has a specific kind of colorblindness interprets color .
The following images show how Color Scheme Designer simulates the many ways people see color including : normal vision ; Deuteranopia ( green - blind ) ; Deuteranomaly ( green weak ) ; and full colorblindness .
Fig 5 . Color Scheme Designer simulating normal vision .
Fig 6 . Color Scheme Designer simulating Deuteranopia .
Fig 7 . Color Scheme Designer simulating Deuteranomaly .
Fig 8 . Color Scheme Designer simulating full colorblindness .
Visit colblindor.com to learn more about specific types of colorblindness .
Coblis ” “ Color Blindness Simulator can also help you to get a better sense of how some viewers might see your work .
This tool allows you to upload an image and view it as if you had different types of colorblindness .
For example , you can use this tool to compare how people with normal color vision , Protanopia ( red- blind ) , Tritanopia ( blue - blind ) , and Blue Cone Monochromacy ( almost completely color blind ) would see an image of colored pencils .
You ’ll begin to understand how each person experiences color differently and why contrast becomes an important ingredient in creating readable design .
Fig 9 . Normal color vision .
Fig 10 .
Protanopia ( red- blind ) .
Fig 11 . Tritanopia ( blue - blind ) .
Fig 12 .
Blue Cone Monochromacy ( almost completely colorblind ) .
Shades of gray #section5
Websites that use contrast help every viewer to comprehend content more proficiently .
Checkmycolors.com is an easy - to - use contrast - analysis tool .
Just type a URL into the field , click “ Check ” and checkmycolors.com provides an extremely thorough analysis of the website ’s various color combinations .
It checks for contrast ratio , brightness difference , and color difference .
It creates a chart that shows the website ’s foreground and background color values and samples of how the foreground and background appear on the site .
A word of caution — most websites have many “ failures . ”
Fig 13 .
Failing the checkmycolors.com test .
The only site I tested that did not have any “ failures ” was checkmycolours.com .
Fig 14 .
Passing the checkmycolors.com test .
Check your sites when you ’re ready to see a whole bunch of red / X boxes and the word “ failures . ”
If your site passes , congratulations — you just might be a color contrast expert .
Even though it can be a little disheartening to see how many color combinations create poor color contrast , we can use these tools to gain insight on where we need to make revisions .
These tools can help us to make educated decisions about where we need to make contrast concessions for the sake of design .
If a design element has no bearing on the readability of the main content does creating high color contrast matter ?
Maybe not .
You might reason that the most important aspect of many websites is the content , and as long as the design does not get in the way of the content then maybe all viewers do not need to see every aspect of the design .
Fig 15 .
Link color at InterACT .
Fig 16 .
Hover state of the link .
Fig 17 .
Grayscale link at InterACT .
Fig 18 .
Grayscale hover state of the link .
On the other hand , there are aspects of websites that are important for visitors to recognize .
For example , it is important for visitors to easily understand when they are hovering over a link .
Visual cues are critical when creating differentiation between link states ; however , color contrast is not the only way to clearly show these states .
Link states can have visual characteristics that do not require the visitor to rely solely on color to determine the current state .
If you add visual cues to show the various link states , color contrast becomes less of an issue .
For example , InterACT ’s website creates visual distinction between link states by changing the color and adding an underline to the hover state .
The underline ensures that even in grayscale people can see the difference between states .
Each designer must determine the balance between design and readability — a decision often made easier when considering the target audience and the purpose of the website .
The resources listed here are just a few of the many color and contrast tools available on the web ; this is not a definitive list .
The specific tools are not as important as making sure you include appropriate color contrast as part of your process .
This will allow viewers , no matter how they interpret colors , to read and enjoy your website .
Just as choosing the correct color combinations when you were a child would help your picture stand out in a sea of your classmates ’ work , choosing correct color combinations when you design a website will allow your site to stand out on the web .
ST . LOUIS - St. Louis Blues President John Davidson announced Saturday that the club has named Davis Payne as Interim Head Coach .
Payne becomes the 23rd coach in the history of the St. Louis Blues replacing Andy Murray , who was relieved of his duties .
“ Davis is very knowledgeable of the players in our organization and we feel he is the best candidate to coach our team , ” said Davidson .
“ He has nine winning seasons at the minor league level which includes an ECHL Championship in 2006 .
“ I would like to thank Andy Murray for the job he has done here the past four seasons , ” continued Davidson .
“ He was an intergral part in turning the St. Louis Blues around .
He is a true professional and I wish him the best of luck in the future .
” Payne , 39 , was named the 15th head coach of the Rivermen on July 8 , 2008 after serving one year as an assistant with the club .
This season , Peoria has posted a 19 - 13 - 1 - 2 record combining for a 62 - 44 - 3 - 6 ( .578 % ) overall mark in two seasons with Payne behind the bench .
In his first year ( 2008 - 09 ) as an AHL head coach , Payne guided the Rivermen to a 43 - 31 - 2 - 4 record and returned Peoria to the postseason following a two - year drought .
Prior to joining the Rivermen before the 2007 - 08 campaign , Payne had spent a total of seven seasons as a head coach in the ECHL .
The Kamloops , British Columbia native established a .691 % winning percentage over four years as head coach for the Alaska Aces , the Blues ’ ECHL affiliate .
" We feel he 's our coach and he might be our coach long term , " added Davidson .
" It 's a whirlwind for him , but we feel confident about him .
" The Blues will retain assistants Ray Bennett and Brad Shaw , while Rick Wamsley has replaced Payne as the head coach of the Rivermen .
The 2006 - 07 ECHL Coach of the Year , Payne led the Aces to the 2006 ECHL Kelly Cup Championship and also guided the club to three consecutive trips to the Conference Finals ; it was the first time in 15 years and only the second time in ECHL history that a team advanced to the ECHL ’s Final Four in three straight seasons .
Thirty - eight of Alaska ’s 48 lifetime playoff wins had came under Payne ’s direction , with his winning percentage in the playoffs ( 38 - 21 , .644 % ) nearly matching that of his four regular seasons in Alaska .
Payne , who owns a 289- 142-45 ( .654 % ) in seven seasons as an ECHL head coach between Alaska and the Pee Dee Pride , remains second all - time in ECHL history with 50 postseason victories , 12 of which came during his three years with Pee Dee .
A graduate of NCAA Division I Michigan Tech , Payne appeared in 22 National Hockey League ( NHL ) games with the Boston Bruins and played a total of eight professional seasons .
He was originally drafted by the Edmonton Oilers in the seventh round of the 1989 NHL Entry Draft .
" I do n't know where the emphasis has been , but I asked these guys to work hard for each other , I asked them to trust each other , and I asked them to play with passion , " Payne said at a press conference on Saturday .
" That 's our starting point to tonight . "
World of Warcraft - Beating the RNG Boss
By Cal Henderson , March 4th 2010 .
One of the hardest bosses to fight is the RNG , or Random Number Generator .
While the tactics are fairly straight forward ( try , try , try again ) , defeating this boss can take a lot of patience .
Lots of players do n't understand quite how this boss fight works , so i'll attempt to explain .
A few months back , I created a World of Warcraft addon called BunnyHunter , to help you track your progress when farming for rare pets .
The rarest pet of all is the Hyacinth Macaw which drops from Bloodsail Pirates off the south coast of Stranglethorn Vale .
Each pirate has a 1 in 10,000 chance of dropping this rare pet .
I built the addon especially to help me in my quest to find the macaw .
Misunderstandings
Quite a few people have misunderstood how BunnyHunter calculates its percentage score .
For instance , a BunnyHunter user posted this message to one of my favorite WoW blogs :
1 . The app lets you know that there is a 1/1000 chance of an Azure Whelp dropping per kill when you are farming specific mobs in Aszhara .
2 . The app lets you track " progress " toward getting a better chance of your drop because it lets you know how many whelp carriers you have killed .
If you kill 150 mobs , it lets you know you have approximately a 15 % chance " so far " of getting the whelp .
3 . It has a tracking bar that shows you your progress - so after 1000 kills , you have a 100 % chance so far of getting your drop .
This shows a real fallacy in the RNG analysis which is that successive kills actually increase your chance of getting a rare drop .
Despite the multiple attempts , you have the same chance of getting the drop on your first kill as you do on your 999th kill which is 1/1000 .
Of course , BunnyHunter does n't work this way at all .
This is an all - too - common misconception , however .
The thing which governs this is called Probabilistic Independence - the fact that whether one mob dropped the loot or not , this has no bearing on whether a second mob will drop the loot .
By extension , having looted 1000 consecutive mobs which did not drop the loot has no effect on the next mob you loot .
If the drop chance is 1 in 100 , there will still be a 1 in 100 chance that the next mob you loot will drop the item .
But if you use BunnyHunter and loot 1000 mobs that drop the Azure Whelp , it wont say 100 % ; it 'll say 63.2 % .
The reason we can come up with any number at all , is because we can derive the probability that a piece of loot will drop at least once in a given sequence of lootings .
Say that we have 3 mobs and each has a 50 % chance to drop the thing we 're looking for .
There 's an 87.5 % chance we 'll get the item ( 7/8ths ) after looting all 3 .
To see why , we 'll construct all of the possible outcomes , which are all equally likely ( we 're cheating by using a 50 % drop chance , to make the example easier ) :
first mob / second mob / third mob 1 ) no drop / no drop / no drop 2 ) no drop / no drop / drop 3 ) no drop / drop / no drop 4 ) no drop / drop / drop 5 ) drop / no drop / no drop 6 ) drop / no drop / drop 7 ) drop / drop / no drop 8 ) drop / drop / drop
In only one of these 8 possible outcomes did we fail to get the item , so the chance we 'll get it is 7/8 = 87.5 % .
The trick here is that we care about the chance to have gotten the drop one or more times , from 3 mobs .
Another way to look at it is that the chance of getting the drop is 100 % minus the chance of none of the 3 mobs dropping it .
This last part is the important bit .
The chance of having gotten the Azure Whelp after 1000 loots is the same as one minus the chance to have not seen it .
We can calculate the chance to have not gotten it , 1000 times in a row , by taking the chance to not get it once ( 1 - 0.001 = 0.999 ) and multiplying it by itself 1000 times ( for the 1000 mobs we looted ) .
This gives us a 36.8 % chance of not seeing it drop once , so the inverse is that there 's a 63.2 % chance ( 100 - 36.8 ) that we will have seen it drop .
Easy !
The generalized formula is :
chance to have dropped at least once = 1 - ( ( 1 - per-loot drop chance ) ^ loots )
That little symbol is the power operation .
BunnyHunter uses this formula to give you a percentage score of how likely you are to have gotten the drop so far .
It wo n't tell you when that drop will happen - it could be the next mob or 1000 mobs from now - but it will tell you how ( un ) lucky you have been .
A quick diversion
Not all drop rates in World of Warcraft actually exhibit probabilistic independence .
Since WotLK , quest item drops actually use a progressive drop rate .
This is to avoid the situation where you grind and grind but are the unlucky person who kills 50 mobs and does n't get a single quest item .
Blizzard probably did this for two reasons .
Firstly , unlike vanity drops ( such as the mythical macaw ) , you get stuck if you can't get the item .
This is bad game design , since you need the items to continue the quest .
Secondly , and probably more importantly , is that until you start getting drops you are not sure you 're doing the right thing .
Having a quest item only drop after 50 loots gives you 49 chances to think you 're doing the wrong thing and give up .
But we 're farming pets here , so it does n't apply to us !
World of Dropcraft
The problem with probability calculations is that not only are they confusing , but people often use the wrong calculation and then stand behind their results .
Rather than try and convince you with math , I 'll use good old brute force .
I created a simple PHP script which runs a number of ' drop trials ' , which simulate looting mobs in WoW .
The script ' loots ' a mob by creating a random number between 1 and the inverted drop chance - for the Hyacinth Macaw , this is 1 in 10,000 , so the script will generate a random number between 1 and 10,000 ( inclusive ) .
If the random number is 10,000 , then we count it as a drop - the mob dropped our parrot .
If the number is anything else , we count it as the mob dropping something else ( or nothing at all ) .
In this case , we roll another number and start over .
We keep rolling numbers until we get a drop , and then we note down how many times we rolled a random number .
This is how many loots it took to get our drop .
So far , simple .
Because computers are nice and fast , we 'll take this trial and perform it 10,000 times , noting down each time how many loots it took before we saw a drop .
This will give us a big picture of how many loots it generally takes to get our drop .
So let 's run the script !
World of dropcraft Drop chance is 1/10000 , running 10000 trials ....................................................................................................
Mean loots per drop : 9958.6041
Median loots per drop : 6888 Luckiest loots : 2 Unluckiest loots : 106335
After running 10,000 trials ( it takes about 30 seconds on my PC ) , we 're left with a list of 10,000 numbers - each of them how many loots it took on that trial to find our item .
So , some analysis !
We can take the biggest and the smallest numbers and call them the luckiest and the unluckiest .
Of our 10,000 trials ( the equivalent of farming 10,000 Hyacinth Macaws in the game , and noting down how many loots it took you each time ) , the quickest we ever saw the item drop was after 2 loots .
Wow !
I 'd be pretty damn happy if that happened to me in game .
I 'd be very very lucky .
At the other end of the scale , one of the trials took 106,335 loots ( over one hundred thousand ! ) before they got the drop .
That would really suck .
At my farming speed , that would take almost 2 solid weeks of farming .
We can see the average ( mean ) loots taken , by adding together all of the numbers and dividing them by the number of trials .
When we do this , we get 9958.6 , which is pretty close to 10,000 .
We would expect this , since the drop rate is 1 in 10,000 .
If we ran more trials , we would expect this number to get closer to 10,000 ( this is called convergence ) .
We can also calculate the median , which is the number of loots at which 50 % of players would have gotten the drop .
This is different to the mean , but can be a little confusing , so I 'll explain with an example .
Say you had a drop that was very common - most people got it on the first loot .
If 9 players got it after the first loot , but 1 poor player took 10 loots , the average would be 1.9 ( [ 1+1+1+1+1+1+1+1+1+10]/10 ) .
However , we can easily see that more the half of the players would have gotten the drop after the first loot .
That 's because the median is 1 .
We calculate the median by sorting the list into order and picking the middle value .
The mode is another kind of similar average , but we 'll ignore that here because it gets hard to calculate once we use big numbers and can be misleading .
So in this trial , the median is 6888 .
Why do 50 % of trials get the drop after 6888 loots , while the average is 10,000 ?
The answer lies in the way drops work .
The fewest number of loots you can get a drop in is 1 ; you have to loot at least one corpse to get a drop .
But the highest number of loots is infinite .
You could loot one million pirates and never get the parrot .
It 's unlikely , but it 's possible .
So while there 's a chance it will take one million loots , which throws off the mean , very few players will take this long , so the median stays lower .
Calculating the median
So what is the median good for ?
Well , it can tell us at what point we go from being lucky to unlucky .
Someone who is lucky gets the drop in less loots than the majority of other players .
Someone who is unlucky gets the drop after more loots .
While drop probabilities can't tell us when we will get a drop , they can tell us who unlucky we have been to not get it so far , or how lucky we would have to be to get it by a certain number of loots .
So how do we calculate the median ?
Let 's run another 10,000 trials against my favorite pet , the Hyacinth Macaw .
World of dropcraft Drop chance is 1/10000 , running 10000 trials ....................................................................................................
Mean loots per drop : 10082.6048
Median loots per drop : 6996 Luckiest loots : 2 Unluckiest loots : 91637
So after 10,000 trial sequences , it took an average of 10,082 loots to get the item .
If we ran a lot more trials , this number would approach 10,000 ( since it 's a 1 in 10,000 drop chance ) .
The median , however , is around 7000 , as before .
This is the number of loots at which 50 % of trials had found the drop .
If you took less than 7 k , you were lucky .
If you took more than 7 k , you were unlucky .
But where does this number come from ?
Take our formula for drop chance in a sequence of n loots :
dropped_at_least_once_chance = 1 - ( ( 1 - drop_chance ) ^ loots )
We can rebalance this formula using logarithms into this :
loots = log ( 1 - dropped_at_least_once_chance ) / log (1 - drop_chance )
If we plug in our numbers , 50 % chance to have dropped at least once and a 1/10,000 drop chance , we get 6931 , which is pretty close to the 6888 and 6996 results we saw in our tests .
We can confirm this by using higher drop rates , since the trials will converge faster .
Using the formula , we can make the following predictions :
1/100 -> 50 % after 69 loots 1/1000 -> 50 % after 692 loots
World of dropcraft Drop chance is 1/1000 , running 10000 trials ....................................................................................................
Mean loots per drop : 994.0178
Median loots per drop : 689 Luckiest loots : 1 Unluckiest loots : 11067
World of dropcraft Drop chance is 1/100 , running 10000 trials ....................................................................................................
Mean loots per drop : 100.116 Median loots per drop : 70 Luckiest loots : 1 Unluckiest loots : 915
So let 's run the trials again with these drop rates and see what we get ...
Yup , that pretty much seals it .
If you take less than 6931 loots to get the Hyacinth Macaw , you 're lucky .
If you took more than 6931 loots , you 're unlucky .
If you took exactly 6931 loots , well , you 're Mr Average .
An Odd Side-effect
So , earlier I said that the mode is an odd measure of ' averageness ' for drop chances , but it can be used to point out something pretty strange .
We can use some simple math to calculate the probability that a drop will happen on a given loot .
We 'll generalize a little here - let 's say that p is the chance to drop the loot we want .
drops on 1st loot = p drops on 2nd loot = p * ( 1 - p ) drops on 3rd loot = p * ( 1 - p ) * ( 1 - p ) drops on 4th loot = p * ( 1 - p ) * ( 1 - p ) * ( 1 - p )
A strange thing happens when we plug in the numbers .
Let 's use the good old macaw 's 1/10000 drop rate .
drops on 1st loot = 0.0001 = 0.00010000 drops on 2nd loot = 0.0001 * 0.9999 = 0.00009999 drops on 3rd loot = 0.0001 * 0.9999 * 0.9999 = 0.00009998 drops on 4th loot = 0.0001 * 0.9999 * 0.9999 * 0.9999 = 0.00009997
Yes , that 's right - the chance goes down over time .
Remember , this is not the chance that we will have gotten the drop by now ( the cumulative chance ) , but the chance we 'll get it exactly now .
This means that the loot in which you are the most likely to see a drop , regardless of the drop chance , is always the first loot .
More people will get the macaw on their first loot than on their second .
The mode is always 1 .
Yeah , that 's weird .
Loot drops are a form of binomial distribution , inverted with a k of zero .
Extrapolation
So we know that 50 % of players will have gotten the Hyacinth Macaw after looting 6931 mobs , and the average number of loots is 10,000 .
BunnyHunter tells me how long I 've spent farming a particular mob .
It does this by noting down each time I loot the relevant kind of mob .
If the time between loots was less than a limit ( 5 minutes ) , then the time between them is added to my total time .
If the time between them was greater than this limit , by total is left as - is .
This means that it measures the time spent running between mobs and fighting , but not the 10 minute break I took to get coffee or check the auction house .
There 's a little bit of under estimation , since it does n't include the time spent to find and kill the first mob in each " session " , but so long as you farm a few mobs at a time and not one every now and then it 's fairly accurate .
After I killed my 3600th pirate , I saw that my timer just ticked off 11 hours .
Wow .
I 'm wasting my life .
However , this also tells me that I loot roughly 327 mobs for every hour I spend farming ( 3600 / 11 ) .
I can use this to calculate how long it should take me on average to get the macaw and after how much farming I 'll start to be unlucky for not having seen it .
3600 loots / 11hrs = 327 loots / hr median 6931 loots -> 21.2 hrs mean 10,000 loots -> 30.6 hrs
Ok , so I probably have quite a bit of farming ahead of me .
Post - Script I might be a bit of a math nerd , but I make mistakes too .
If you spot any glaring mistakes or omissions , drop me an email and teach me : cal [ at ] iamcal.com BunnyHunter can be downloaded here , or installed through the Curse Client .
The source code for World of Dropcraft can be found here .
I play a Night Elf Hunter called Bees , who currently has a collection of 118 vanity pets .
I am also the creator of Hunter Loot .
Copyright © 2010 Cal Henderson .
The text of this article is all rights reserved .
No part of these publications shall be reproduced , stored in a retrieval system , or transmitted by any means - electronic , mechanical , photocopying , recording or otherwise - without written permission from the publisher , except for the inclusion of brief quotations in a review or academic work .
All source code in this article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike 3.0 License .
That means you can copy it and use it ( even commerically ) , but you can't sell it and you must use attribution .
Comments have been disabled
Your World Class PCD / CBN Cutting Specialist
Big Sky Cutting Edge has proven expertise and innovative technologies in the cutting of PCD / CBN for over a decade .
We have challenged the status quo of our industry by providing outstanding customer service , on - time delivery , pricing and quality .
We have adapted state - of - the - art automation systems to streamline our services and provide our customers with the precision needed in the PCD / CBN market today .
Our shop is an extension of your shop .
We are large enough to serve , yet small enough to care .
In the two Star Trek series , the characters of Data and Spock pose a question :
What would it be like to be able to make decisions on a largely , or even purely , logical basis ?
Not widely known is that this is a question with an answer based on evidence .
Because of tumors , surgery , and accidents , some unfortunate individuals lose all or most of their ability to make decisions based on emotion .
Particularly striking are patients with ventromedial ( VM ) damage .
Patients after VM damage seem to function normally .
Their IQ is not impaired , and is sometimes above average .
VM patients also do well on multiple - choice tests aimed at measuring their ability to make the kind of decisions needed to cope with everyday life .
But VM patients do not make real life decisions well .
They can not hold jobs .
They can not manage their own financial affairs .
Everyday decisions , even ones they make successfully on multiple - choice tests , they are unable to make in real life .
When family is not available to care for them , people with VM damage live out their lives in institutions .
Data and Spock could not function as Starfleet officers .
Why ?
Antonio Damasio studied VM patients for many years , and he gives his answer in the book Descartes ' Error .
Written for the non-specialist , the book reveals how we actually make complex decisions , including complex technical decisions .
It is well worth studying .
Imagine looking for a module on CPAN .
You look at what the modules claim to do .
You note the author 's name .
Do you know him from elsewhere ?
What did you think of his other work ?
You look at the documentation .
Well written ?
Does it give you the feeling that the writer knows what he is talking about ?
You read the reviews .
You assess not just what is said , but how the review says it .
Is the reviewer thoughtful or reckless ?
Well - informed or a newbie ?
Bigoted or open - minded ?
These decision variables , according to Damasio , are matched to " somatic states " .
Somatic states can be thought of as snapshots of the body state , internal and external .
Body chemistry is a major component in a somatic state .
Somatic states embody ( pun intended ) emotional value judgements .
Somatic states are the variables in the forebrain 's decision - making calculator .
Our somatic state calculator is able to make complex decisions in situations where the data is not just uncertain , but deeply uncertain .
Real - life uncertainty cannot be characterized as a Bell curve distribution of well - defined variables .
Real - life uncertainty goes deeper than that .
Deep uncertainty cannot be plotted as a distribution .
In a deeply uncertain situation , we are uncertain , not only about the shape of a probability distribution , but also about the meaning and significance of the distribution itself .
Even a relatively structured real - life decision , like selecting a CPAN module , is deeply uncertain .
The human brain can make quick and relatively accurate decisions in the face of deep uncertainty .
An unemotional thinker could not effectively choose among CPAN modules , and could not make accurate decisions about which programming language to use .
Data ,
Spock or a computer might be able to deal with technical subproblems if the subproblems were structured to eliminate deep uncertainty , but their logic would get lost in the technical decisions that actually occur in real - life .
Damasio theorizes that the basic " variables " of our decision making are body - images .
He uses this hypothesis to outline a mechanism to explain how human decision - making came to be through evolution .
Earlier brains ( perhaps pre-human ) would have started by associating somatic states with actions and / or things in their environment .
Perhaps their memory would have contained action - to - somatic - state pairs like these :
" Tried to eat porcupine " =>
" Still hungry and boy do I hurt "
While informative , this by itself does not tell an organism whether it should avoid all porcupines , or whether it should merely be more cautious when they are on the menu .
It would be an evolutionary advantage to be able to analyze fact - to - somatic - state data entries like the above and calculate with them in complex ways .
Logic would be one tool for doing that .
A creature with some degree of ability to reason logically would have a survival advantage .
Logical decision - making seems to have evolved from emotion .
It remains rooted in it .
The role of emotion in decision - making is not a useless vestige like the appendix .
We can't cut it out without destroying our decision - making mechanism .
Closing apologies : I hope Star Trek fans will forgive my simplified picture of Spock and Data .
While Spock and Data do not have the usual humanoid emotional lives , they do have emotional lives , emotional lives which play major roles in some episodes .
In fact , the two series seem to spend more time on Spock 's and Data 's emotional issues than on those of anyone else on the Enterprise .
For Spock and Data to function as well as they do , they would need to be emotional .
It might be that , even in fiction , there is no way of getting around this .
Damasio's theory is complex , and like Spock and Data , it resists simplification .
I hope my summary will encourage others to read Damasio directly .
Descartes '
Error is written for a general audience , and most of it is about his somatic marker hypothesis .
Sarah Palin told Fox News that the grassroots movement would be wise to ' pick a party ' .
Palin to tea parties : ' Take over ' GOP
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin urged the tea parties on Thursday to " take over " the Republican Party .
Palin told Fox News host Sean Hannity that the grass - roots movement would be wise to " pick a party " because she said " it is easier to reform one of the parties than it is to form a new machine and new process via a third party . "
Advertisement
The former governor then declared " let 's get in there and take over one of the parties ! "
" Take over the Republican Party , tea partiers , " she said .
" Get them to see the light .
They are seeing the light clearer and clearer every day .
Get them to understand what built this country .
Get back to the foundation of America . "
Palin has recently maneuvered herself into the role of unofficial leader of the movement , speaking to the first National Tea Party Convention in Nashville last month and championing the tea parties in interviews .
Palin was paid $ 100,000 for her speech to the tea party convention .
The former governor said the payment was donated back into the political movement , but she has yet to explain how or to whom the money was given .
Asked to define the tea party movement , Palin said " it 's pretty simple .
it 's a smaller , smarter government , not growing government to control more of our lives and our businesses and make decisions for us . "
" It really is not as complicated as some in Washington , D.C. , want to make it out to be , " she claimed .
23 Mar 2020
An extraordinary car brought to life with Indigo Renderer Let us show you what our newest Indigo beta ( ver 4.4.5 ) is capable of in a professional production environment .
Part of their studio pipeline our friends at studio Michel de Vries choose Indigo as their main engine to showcase the newest creation by Bugatti , the Chiron Pur Sport .
Giving them the edg ...
READ MORE
14 Feb 2020 Indigo and macOS Catalina Indigo is now notarised by Apple , which means Indigo now installs on macOS Catalina without giving a " ca n't be opened because Apple cannot check it for malicious software " error .
You can download the new notarised version ( 4.2.27 ) on the download page .
The latest beta in the 4.4 Indigo series ...
READ MORE
6 Dec 2019 Indigo 4.2 Release Glare Technologies is excited to announce the release of Indigo 4.2 !
You can read about it here : http://www.indigorenderer.com/indigo4.2
We 'll be running a 16 % off sale until the 31st of December , during which Indigo Renderer will be priced at only €499 ( normally €595 ) , and Indigo RT o ...
READ MORE
2 Dec 2019 Indigo for Cinema 4D 4.4.5 Beta
Hi there , this time around , we 've got a pretty big update .
Not only have we added support for R21 , but also this release includes a greatly improved interactive preview .
There are two modes for the preview , in - viewport and in a separate dialog .
The in - viewport IPR supports playback of anim ...
READ MORE
29 Nov 2019 Black Friday Sale
We are running a Black Friday sale for the weekend until the end of Sunday the first of Dec. Prices are reduced by 20 % for the sale .
Indigo Renderer 4 Licences are 476 EUR , reduced from 595 EUR .
Indigo RT 4 Licences are 116 EUR , reduced from 145 EUR .
Visit the store here : https://sto...
READ MORE
The data comes in large part from the documentation of international organizations .
Thousands of human translators working for the United Nations and the European Union and so forth have spent millions of hours producing precisely those pairings that Google Translate is now able to cherry - pick .
The human translations have to come first for Google Translate to have anything to work with .
The variable quality of Google Translate in the different language pairings available is due in large part to the disparity in the quantities of human - engineered translations between those languages on the Web .
But what of real writing ?
Google Translate can work apparent miracles because it has access to the world library of Google Books .
That ’s presumably why , when asked to translate a famous phrase about love from “ Les Misérables ” 
“ On n’a pas d’autre perle à trouver dans les plis ténébreux de la vie ”  Google Translate comes up with a very creditable “ There is no other pearl to be found in the dark folds of life , ” which just happens to be identical to one of the many published translations of that great novel .
It ’s an impressive trick for a computer , but for a human ?
All you need to do is get the old paperback from your basement .
And the program is very patchy .
The opening sentence of Proust ’s “ In Search of Lost Time ” comes out as an ungrammatical “ Long time I went to bed early , ” and the results for most other modern classics are just as unusable .
Can Google Translate ever be of any use for the creation of new literary translations into English or another language ?
The first thing to say is that there really is no need for it to do that : would - be translators of foreign literature are not in short supply  they are screaming for more opportunities to publish their work .
But even if the need were there , Google Translate could not do anything useful in this domain .
It is not conceived or programmed to take into account the purpose , real - world context or style of any utterance .
( Any system able to do that would be a truly epochal achievement , but such a miracle is not on the agenda of even the most advanced machine translation developers . )
However , to play devil ’s advocate for a moment , if you were to take a decidedly jaundiced view of some genre of contemporary foreign fiction ( say , French novels of adultery and inheritance ) , you could surmise that since such works have nothing new to say and employ only repeated formulas , then after a sufficient number of translated novels of that kind and their originals had been scanned and put up on the Web , Google Translate should be able to do a pretty good simulation of translating other regurgitations of the same ilk .
So what ?
That ’s not what literary translation is about .
For works that are truly original  and therefore worth translating  statistical machine translation has n’t got a hope .
Google Translate can provide stupendous services in many domains , but it is not set up to interpret or make readable work that is not routine  and it is unfair to ask it to try .
After all , when it comes to the real challenges of literary translation , human beings have a hard time of it , too .
Republicans mail another ' Census ' form
By Ed O'Keefe
The National Republican Congressional Committee has sent supporters a mailer with the word " Census " featured prominently throughout the document .
Democrats , senior citizen groups , public opinion researchers -- even a former Republican - appointed Census director -- recently criticized a similar mailing by the Republican National Committee , arguing it could confuse elderly Americans on the lookout for the government 's decennial census questionnaires .
The U.S. Census Bureau will mail the decennial forms next month .
The RNC mailing and envelope included the words " Census " and " Official Document " and were deemed legal by the Postal Service because they did not explicitly use the words " U.S. Census Bureau " or the agency 's official seal .
Nonetheless , three Democratic lawmakers introduced a bill this week that would require mailings with the word " census " to clearly indicate the sender 's name and return address and an unambiguous statement that the mailing is not associated with the U.S. Census Bureau .
The new mailing , from the NRCC , includes a fundraising solicitation and begins with a letter from House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) :
" You are one of a carefully selected group of Republican leaders nationwide receiving the enclosed CENSUS DOCUMENT containing your 2010 Census of America 's Republican Leadership , " the letter states .
Boehner asks the recipient to complete the form to help end " Nancy Pelosi 's reign as Speaker " and " the Obama administration 's radical leftist agenda . "
The document then asks participants several questions consistent with the Republican Party platform or rhetoric .
" Do you agree that Speaker Pelosi damaged our counter - terrorism efforts when she accused the CIA of lying without providing any evidence ? " the document asks .
“ It 's clear in the document that this is an NRCC mailer used to collect the opinions of Republicans and , if they 're willing , donations to help us retire Nancy Pelosi as Speaker , " said NRCC spokesman Paul Lindsay .
" Unlike the Census Bureau 's Super Bowl ad , the response has been positive . ”
The agency 's Super Bowl ad was widely panned , and deemed too expensive and confusing by critics .
Leave your thoughts in the comments section below
I would just like to report that Obama , meaning his staff , inserted a re-authorization of the Patriot Act in the new jobs bill he is pushing through Congress .
I am disappointed that he does not have the courage to have a vote on the re-authorization in a stand alone bill .
I thought we put this stand up guy ( he is a stand up guy ) in office because we were over this sort of BS the last administration did with almost every bill .
The Bush admin just threw shit like this in tax cut bills , now Obama is sneaking it into the jobs bill .
Come on man !
And here we go again ...
The books that influenced Friedrich Hayek :
1. ( tie ) Carl Menger ’s Principles of Economics .
HTML version here .
PDF version here .
1. ( tie ) Carl Menger ’s Investigation into the Method of the Social Sciences .
PDF version here .
2. Ernst Mach , The Analysis of Sensations .
Google Books version here .
3. Walther Rathenau ’s The New Society .
Google Books version here .
4. Friedrich von Wieser , Natural Value .
Google Books version here .
5. Ludwig von Mises , The Theory of Money and Credit .
HTML version here .
PDF version here .
Epub version here .
6. Knut Wicksell , Interest and Prices .
Google Books version here .
7. Ludwig von Mises , Socialism .
HTML version here .
PDF version here .
Epub version here .
8. R. S. Peters , The Concept of Motivation .
Google Books version here .
9. Eugen von Böhm - Bawerk , Positive Theory of Capital .
HTML version here .
Google Books version here .
10 . Ludwig Wittgenstein , Tractatus Logico- Philosophicus .
Project Gutenberg editions .
11 . Alexis de Tocqueville , Complete Works and Democracy in America .
Google Books version of D in A here .
12 . Lord Acton , The History of Freedom and Lectures on Modern History .
Google Books version of H of F here .
13 . Ludwig von Mises , Interventionism .
HTML version here .
PDF version here .
14 . Frank Knight , Risk , Uncertainty & Profit .
Google Books version here .
15 . Karl Popper , The Logic of Scientific Discovery .
16 . Hugo de Vries , Mutation Theory and Species and Varieties .
Epub version of MT here .
Epub version of S & V here .
17 . Adam Ferguson , An Essay on the History of Civil Society .
HTML version here .
Google Books version here .
18 . Oskar Lange & F. M. Taylor , On the Economic Theory of Socialism .
19 . John Maynard Keynes , Treatise on Money .
20 . G. de Ruggiero , The History of European Liberalism .
21 . Joseph Schumpeter , The Nature and Essence of Theoretical Economics .
I ’ll revise and add more later .
Over time , I ’ll also post individually on each book , explaining its place in this list of books that influenced F. A. Hayek .
Your own suggestions and criticism would be appreciated — add your own contributions in the comments section .
UPDATE : Peter Boettke suggests adding Bertalanffy ’s General Systems Theory , Olson ’s Logic of Collective Action , and Rawl ’s essays which eventually led to A Theory of Justice .
Here are a few more that should be on the list :
— A. V. Dicey , Introduction to the Study of the Law of the Constitution .
HTML version here .
— David Hume , Essays and A Treatise on Human Nature .
— Edmund Burke , Works Vol. 1 & 2 .
— Johann von Goethe , Faust and The Sorrows of Young Werther .
— Ludwig Feuerbach , Works .
HTML editions here .
What else ?
The new Broken Social Scene album is imminent .
This much you know , along with knowing that the collective ’s pared down to a relatively lean six - member core for its sessions , and that “ the new record is , like all Broken Social Scene albums , a record driven by love . ”
Aww !
Kevin Drew , Brendan Canning , Justin Peroff , Charles Spearin , Andrew Whiteman , Sam Goldberg , and Lisa Lobsinger are its principal love apostles , it was recorded in Toronto and produced by the band and John McEntire in Chicago , and the list of “ guests ” comprises half of Toronto .
Now we ’re another phase deeper into its guaranteed invasion of Blogger Mindspace V.2010 with what it looks like ( that ’s the art ) , what it ’s called ( Forgiveness Rock Record , jam ) , and what it partially sounds like via “ World Sick ” ( expansive , uplifting , dramatic , melodic , in other words a BSS song , and a good one at that ) .
Headphones up , put on repeat , then do whatever you do when listening to heart - swelling bliss jams :
Download it for the price of an email ( link will be sent to you ) :
( via P4K )
Forgiveness Rock Record is out 5 / 4 via Arts & Crafts .
03/14 – Elkton , FL @ Harvest of Hope
03/18 – Austin , TX @ Stubb ’s BBQ
03/19 – Austin , TX @ The Parish
05/01 – San Francisco , CA @ The Fillmore
05/03 – Los Angeles , CA @ Henry Fonda Theatre
05/07 – New York , NY @ Webster Hall
05/13 – London , England @ Brixton Academy ^
05/14 – Minehead , England @ All Tomorrow ’s Parties
05/17 – London , England @ Heaven
05/18 – Amsterdam , Netherlands @ Melkweg
05/19 – Cologne , Germany @ Burgerhaus Stollwerck
05/21 – Paris , France @ La Maroquinerie
05/23 – Linz , Austria @ LinzFest
05/24 – Berlin , Germany @ Kesselhaus
05/27 – Barcelona , Spain @ Primavera Festival
05/29 – George , WA @ Sasquatch
06/19 – Toronto , Ontario @ Toronto Island ^%
^ w/ Pavement
% w/ Band of Horses
Hike in the high mountains of Himalayas , in the most remote areas offering breathtaking views on the highest peaks of the world .
Today is the first day of spring 2010 , which is marked by the occurrence of the Vernal equinox 2010 .
Sources report that spring 2010 officially takes place at 1:32 PM EST today .
The first day of spring 2010 is much awaited after the long and cold winter season .
The past winter has witnessed some huge blizzards and snow storms , and it is very refreshing to see the snow melt away and see the trees bloom .
The Vernal equinox is a natural phenomenon that takes place twice a year – once in March and the other in September – which signals the beginning of Spring and Autumn respectively .
According to Wikipedia : “ The name “ equinox ” is derived from the Latin aequus ( equal ) and nox ( night ) , because around the equinox , the night and day are approximately equally long . ”
This Vernal Equinox 2010 will see an equal day and equal night , and not forgetting the advent of Spring 2010 .
Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 Download and VS2010 Installation Screenshots
This Visual Studio step by step guide or VS2010 tutorial is showing how to install Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate Beta 2 by downloading the installation .iso file from Microsoft .
You can download free Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate during the Beta period of VS2010 .
To note at first the installation of Visual Studio 2010 lasts about an hour .
Note :
For the final release of Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 download and Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 installation RTM version , please check the article Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 Installation Screenshots for MS VS2010 Ultimate Edition .
For this Visual Studio setup guide , I downloaded Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate Beta 2 ISO from Microsoft Downloads web site .
To download latest available Visual Studio version and editions , please refer to Microsoft Download Center .
As you can see in the below screenshot of the downloaded files , there are 4 files to download for Visual Studio 2010 setup .
VS2010B2Ult_4PartsTotal.part1.exe
VS2010B2Ult_4PartsTotal.part2.rar
VS2010B2Ult_4PartsTotal.part3.rar
VS2010B2Ult_4PartsTotal.part4.rar
The total size of the .iso VS2010 setup file is 2187.3 MB
After the download of the 4 parts VS2010 installation files , double click or execute the .exe file VS2010B2Ult_4PartsTotal.part1.exe which is the first part .
And the first part , the executable part of the Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 download will create an .iso file which is the .iso of the Microsoft Visual Studio installation CD .
You can see the .iso VS2010 installation CD image file as named " VS2010 B2Ult.iso " in the above screenshot .
You can see that the total size of the MS VS2010 installation image is about 2187.3 MB 's in size .
Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 Installation
Now you can start install Visual Studio 2010 using the Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 download files .
Preferably you should write the Visual Studio 2010 installation .iso file on a DVD .
But I mount .iso image using Gizmo which I like to use it much for mounting .iso images because Gizmo is easy to use .
Important note , whether you use Gizmo or any other .iso image mount tool , you should configure to mount the .iso file at restart automatically .
Because the Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 installation requires reboot computer .
The computer restart requirement is just after the .NET 4.0 Framework installation ( Microsoft . NET Framework 4.0 Beta 2 ) .
After mounting iso image , the Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate Setup starts automatically .
Click Next button when button is active to continue Visual Studio 2010 MSDN installation .
The following screen in the MS Visual Studio 2010 installation wizard states that the following components will be installed .
VC 9.0 Runtime ( x86 )
VC 10.0 Runtime ( x86 )
Microsoft .NET Framework 4 Beta 2
Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate Beta 2
Microsoft Application Error Reporting component was already installed on my computer , so perhaps setup will install this component during your installations .
In order to pass to the next install screen in the vs2010 setup wizard , select the option :
I have read and accept the licence terms .
Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 installing will continue with MS Visual Studio 2010 features selection .
I selected the Full option instead of Custom features selection for the installation .
For example , Full Visual Studio 2010 features selection will install the Visual Basic 2010 , Visual C# 2010 , Visual C++ 2010 and the Visual F# 2010 programming languages .
At this step of Visual Studio installation , I did not alter the default product install path :
C: \Program Files \Microsoft Visual Studio 10.0 \
As you will remember MS VS2008 has the version number 9.0 and the new Microsoft Visual Studio VS2010 has version 10.0
For who wonders if it is possible to run both Visual Studio 2008 and VS2010 side by side , I did not get any errors yet showing a failing side - by - side execution of both versions .
And the total size of disk requirement on C drive for a installing MS VS2010 with full features is 6.4 GB .
Click on Install button to continue setup .
The next screen in the VS2010 install wizard will display the status of the Visual Studio 2010 installation progress .
Installing components are listed one by one on the screenshot as you can see below .
As I have pointed at the beginning of this step by step VS2010 installation guide , after installing Microsoft .NET Framework 4.0 Beta 2 you must restart your computer to complete the installation .
Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 installation will automatically continue after your computer is started .
And after some time , for my computer it take about an hour to complete the VS2010 installation .
Please take a look at the Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 Screenshots After MS VS2010 Ultimate Installation for the first screenshots of MS VS2010 and first configuration settings of V2010 Beta 2 .
The red bars are the accelerating rate of job loss during President Bush ’s last year in office ; the blue bars are the decelerating rate of job loss during President Obama ’s first year of office .
The chart was put together by the House Democratic leadership .
Click the graph to see the full image .
1995 : Cosmonaut Valeri Polyakov returns to Earth from the longest - ever stay in space by a human .
He spent just over 437 days in the Mir space station .
Thanks to a strenuous workout regimen , he returned to Earth looking " big and strong " and " like he could wrestle a bear , " in the words of NASA astronaut Norman Thagard .
Polyakov , a medical doctor , said that he volunteered for the extra-long mission to prove that the human body could survive microgravity long enough to make a trip to Mars .
As such , he took pains to show that he was no worse for the zero-g wear when he got back onto terra firma .
" [ W ] hen his capsule landed in Kazakhstan he walked from it to a nearby chair , a tremendous achievement , " Philip Baker wrote in his book The Story of Manned Space Stations .
" He also stole a cigarette from a friend nearby , but could hardly be blamed for that .
He sipped a small brandy and inwardly celebrated his mission .
His record still stands , and it is unlikely to be broken until man ventures to Mars . "
Reportedly , his first statement back on Earth was to tell a fellow cosmonaut , " We can fly to Mars . "
Polyakov 's mission did not get off to an auspicious start .
When the cosmonauts who dropped him off did a flyby to take pictures of Mir , they grazed the space station with their craft .
Luckily , no major damage was done .
The rest of Polyakov 's mission was n't that eventful .
After a rough first three weeks , his mental performance bounced back ( .pdf ) to his Earth - bound norms .
At the time , Polyakov also held the record for most * cumulative * time in space , but he has since been surpassed by Sergei Krikalyov .
Source : Various
Photo : NASA
See Also :
morning
stay in hell
the bitch
head
Funky pic by h.koppdelaney
Like most screenwriters , you were probably drawn to the craft by the allure hot sex .
It 's true .
Few careers other than snake milker or IMAX screen cleaner have such staggering amounts of willing hot ass thrust on them on such a regular basis .
I know that 's the action I signed up for .
But after a while , all the hot and heavy sex action gets old , and is no longer enough to fuel the creative fire of even the most heavily sex addicted writers .
Yes , after the thrill wears off , and the lure of the sexual carrot wanes , you 're stuck having to find deeper motivation to keep on writing .
But what ?
What force is strong enough to yank you out of bed everynoontime and get you to that keyboard , if not the promise of sex ?
What could possibly be stronger than the almighty orgasm ?
The answer may surprise you .
See , writing is like a long - termrelationship .
It starts out hot and heavy , but soon , you 'd rather just roll over and get some sleep .
Or at least do your taxes .
But no , that does n't work for your muse .
Your muse has needs , and wants them met .
Now .
( Muses are the clingy needy pain in the ass type . )
And if you do n't put out on cue , your muse will storm out and stay with her mother for weeks , leaving you high and dry and horny ( otherwise known as writer 's block ) .
This is bad .
No writer wants this .
The writer 's equivalent of blue balls is n't pretty .
Just ask any clerk at Stapes what they have witnessed done to merchandise by desperate writers trying to get their fix .
* shiver * So what 's the solution ?
Well , like any long - term relationship , sometimes you have to give in , lay back ( or bend over depending on your muse 's tastes ) , stare at the ceiling and take one for your god and country .
In other words , fake it .
And this gives you motivation how ?!
Well , it does n't .
But it does mean that you 're constantly pumping out pages in order to satisfyyour muse , even if your heart is n't in them .
And like any long - term relationship , you 'll eventually look back and say , " Hey , it was n't as bad as I thought .
Actually , there 's a lot of damn good stuff I did n't see . "
And suddenly , you remember that you 're not just in it for the sex .
It 's love , damn it .
And next thing you know , you fall back in love all over again and things get hot and heavy .
The passion is back .
If you can't fake it during the bad times , you 're not a writer .
You 're just the literary equivalent of a drunk slut who may give goodpitches , but is forgotten almost immediately .
No one wants drunk slut pages .
There 's no depth to their lust .
It ai n't love , baby .
So when you have less than zero motivation to put out , when the stirring of your creative loins just ain't there , know that there is an end to your suffering .
Love will see you through .
But in the mean time - fake it .
defensive
The Economist
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The People ’s Republic of China reacted to Washington ’s announcement on Friday that it will sellweapons to Taiwan worth $ 6.4 billion with customary bluster .
The Foreign Ministry protested to Jon Huntsman , the American ambassador , and announced that a range of military and economic programs between the two countries would be placed in abeyance .
China is never happy when weapons are sold to Taiwan , but this time Beijing threatened to boycott American companies , including Boeing and Raytheon , involved in the deal .
Since its 1949 civil war and the Communist takeover of the mainland , China has regarded Taiwan as a breakaway island .
Beijing asserts that the arms sale “ seriously endangers China ’s national security .
” In fact , the Obama administration held back on selling fighter jets and submarines precisely because they could be construed as offensive weapons .
When the US broke off diplomatic relations with Taiwan – the price of establishing ties with Beijing in 1979 – it assuaged its conscience by insisting that Taiwan ’s future had to be decided by peaceful means .
To that end , the US sells Taipei defensive military hardware .
Still , relations between the mainland and Taiwan have never been better , according to , with annual bilateral trade exceeding $ 100 billion .
The Taiwanese argue that the sense of security which comes from having defensive weapons actually encourages them to move forward in developing relations with Beijing .
Yet the fundamental issue of sovereignty remains unresolved .
ONE AREA where the Chinese say they will scale back cooperation with the US involves nuclear anti-proliferation .
That would be shocking if China were not already playing the vanguard role in protecting Teheran from UN sanctions intended to pressure the mullahs into abandoning their drive for nuclear weapons .
The reason for the Chinese policy is obvious :
Trade with Iran stands at $ 25 billion ; and Iran supplies 13 percent of China ’s oil imports fueling its insatiable economy .
But for a superpower - in - waiting , China is conducting itself with unbecoming irresponsibility , not just on Iran but also on human rights , climate change and Internet freedom .
( Google may be forced to reduce its presence in China due to government - orchestrated cyber-attacks . )
Nor does Beijing show concern that many of the weapons making their way into Hamas - controlled Gaza are of Chinese manufacture .
China ’s leaders have become accustomed to getting what they want .
At the World Economic Forum in Davos , Beijing successfully kept Internet freedom off the conference agenda .
And when China is challenged over , say , Tibet or human rights , it tends to respond uncompromisingly , using business and aid to reward those who kowtow , and haranguing those with the effrontery to challenge its policies .
OVER THE weekend , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton joined those who have been urging the Chinese to think less shortsightedly .
A nuclear - armed imperial Iran will sooner or later insinuate itself in China ’s own internal affairs by aligning with the country ’s Muslim population .
Permitting nuclear weapons to fall into the hands of the mullahs will produce precisely the kind of unstable conditions in the Mideast the Chinese say they seek to avoid .
A scenario in which a politically chaotic Iran has the capacity to intimidate its nervous neighbors could create a situation in which the flow of petroleum would be interrupted and commerce throughout the Gulf inhibited .
Following Washington ’s lead on relations with China , Jerusalem abandoned principle for realpolitik .
Today , the PRC has an embassy in Tel Aviv while Taipei has only an Economic and Cultural Office .
In return , trade between Israel and China ( a good deal of it reportedly in the military sphere ) is a substantial $ 5 b. - $ 7 b. a year .
Parenthetically , Jerusalem ’s military ties to Beijing have been a source of tension with Washington , which now has a veto over that aspect of Israel ’s China relationship .
Diplomatically , as a permanent Security Council member , China can invariably be counted on to vote the interests of the Arab and Muslim bloc .
Plainly , the Israel - China relationship is strategically important , but Beijing ’s insensitivity to core Israeli concerns does not fail to disappoint .
IS IT not absurd that China feels threatened because the US isselling Taiwan weapons that pose no threat to mainland security , whileit shamelessly blocks international pressure aimed at keeping theatomic bomb away from Muslim fanatics ?
A 22 - year - old man is due to appear in court on Saturday charged with murdering two brothers in the Perth suburb of Morley .
It is believed the men , all Indian students in their 20s , had an argument over money .
Police say one of the brothers was found dead on Crimea Street about 4:00 am Friday .
The other man , who knocked on the door of a St John Ambulance depot pleading for help , later died in hospital .
The 22 - year - old man will appear in the East Perth Magistrate 's Court charged with two counts of murder .
4th Biennial HUD Awards
February 16 , 2010
Scans from the 4th Biennial HUD Awards for Design Excellence .
Published by the Department of Housing and Urban Development , 1970 .
This set at hi-res on flickr
WE’VE BEEN EXPECTING YOU :
TIME TO GROW YOUR BUSINESS Serious about growing your business in 2020 ?
Improving your sales is the single best investment
you can make .
All growing businesses deal with the same fundamental problems ,
putting fires out everywhere , marketing spinning out of control
( or not spinning fast enough ) , not enough conversions , and no clear direction .
The good news ?
We can help .
Our Services
WHY DO PEOPLE HIRE US ?
CONVERSION OPTIMIZATION
Get clear recommendations on where to begin , how to fix site problems Read More , and what work needs to be prioritized .
We use AB testing to validate the impact of our work on your bottom line .
Our clients see a 20 % to 45 % increase in sales through our CRO and experimentation program .
USER EXPERIENCE DESIGN
We answer a question as old as time – how can you make sure that you Read Morenever lose a customer again ?
We help you delight customers with unique experiences that stick so you stand out from the competition .
We combine experience design with a touch of magic .
The result ?
Raving fans who buy from you over and over and over .
USER RESEARCH
We uncover the motivations , triggers , and barriers that make people Read Moredecide to buy from you or not .
Get the insights to sculpt the design , copy , and experiences that your potential customers will love .
The research will also single out missed revenue opportunities you can take advantage of .
Our customer research is like handing you a growth blueprint for your business over the next 12 - 24 months .
TRAINING & EDUCATION
Transform your team to become more agile and data - driven with a sharp Read Morefocus on customer conversion and retention .
We have been training marketing teams , developers and leadership by hundreds of organizations across the world .
“ Our training program has been adopted by hundreds of organizations across the world . ”
Our Services Our Services
OUR CLIENTS COME IN ALL SHAPES AND SIZES
Yes , we work with big - name clients ( eBay , 3 M , The Special Olympics ) , but the majority of our clients are
small - to - medium - sized businesses .
Behind each company name should be a description of results we produced .
THEY WERE NOT SURE IF WE CAN HELP THEM
( BECAUSE THEY THOUGHT THEY WERE SMALL ) ,
BUT WHEN THEY SAW THE RESULTS !
RESULTS YOU WON’T QUESTION – HEAR FROM OUR CLIENTS
273 % INCREASE IN CONVERSION RATE OF CATEGORY PAGES
We ’ve been really pleased with the results .
33 % lift on our product pages alone Peter Adler CEO 15.3 % INCREASE IN CONVERSIONS
I highly recommend Invesp if you ’re looking for a long term conversion optimization strategy Jeff Cohen General Manager 18 % INCREASE IN SIGNUPS Financial gains are certainly great , but the cultural impact they ’ve had has trickled down to our company culture .
Jeremy Hambly Director of Marketing
THE INVESP STORY THIS AIN ’T OUR FIRST RODEO
In 2005 , Ayat had just started freelancing on SEO and Usability .
At the same time , Khalid was a software architect helping a Fortune 500 company to build an ecommerce site .
The site came with a “ small ” price tag of 35 - million - dollars .
The team launched the site and visitors piled in .
But in four weeks , the site generated a measly ten orders .
Yes , ten orders for the thirty - five - million - dollar investment .
This was not a unique story .
Ayat was hearing clients struggle with improving their site conversion rates .
No paid attention to improving sites – marketing teams were only focused on getting more and more visitors .
Sitting at their kitchen table , Khalid & Ayat saw an opportunity .
They could help companies avoid catastrophic failures .
In 2006 , Invesp was born – one of the first dedicated conversion rate optimization agencies .
Read the full story WE KNOW CRO , IN FACT , WE WROTE THE BEST - SELLING BOOK ON IT
We have been living and breathing this stuff since 2006 .
We have the clients ( big and small ) to prove it .
We learned the hard way : success and failures – yes , we had some of these along the way .
From the days of the wild west of experimentation ( where everything goes ) to real results that helped all sorts of companies grow .
BUY BOOK NOW
Go From A Lot Of Guessing And Scattered Testing
To Big Results – Time And Time Again
We run growth and experimentation projects with a ton of actions and show you clear results you can count on .
We start by understanding your business and your customers .
We then use several methods to find broken areas in your site and landing pages .
We then give you new designs and copy to fix these conversion killers .
But we tell you not to take our word for how good our work is .
We run AB testing so that your site visitors judge the quality of our work .
Best of all ?
You watch your revenue increase month after month .
WHAT WE DO FOR INDUSTRIES SaaS E-commerce Lead Generation Startup Program
MEET OUR TEAM
EXPERIENCE THE POWER OF AN ENTIRE SUPER - SMART
MARKETING TEAM BEHIND YOU .
We only hire and train experts in marketing – We know SEO , paid search , or PPC .
They know analytics .
We are fanatical about customer research , branding , and research .
Khalid Saleh Co-Founder Ayat Shukairy Co-Founder Hatice Kaya Senior CRO Specialist Simba Dube Marketing Specialist Reza Jalaei Marketing Specialist Pelin Asur Senior UX Designer Sabire Avci UX Designer Taras Guskov Lead Developer Erce Erozbek Sr. Developer Anass Lahlal Frontend Developer Farzad Rostamzadeh Frontend Developer
We only hire and train experts in marketing – We know SEO , paid search , or PPC .
They know analytics .
We are fanatical about customer research , branding , and research .
We hire the most amazing designers .
Our developers have years of experience coding AB tests .
And we apply this knowledge to improving your conversion rate and your sales .
ABOUT US
YOU INVESTED BIG MONEY IN YOUR SITE , YOU DESERVE BIG RETURNS
You do not want people to come to your website and leave without buying stuff .
There ’s no point in getting tens of thousands of visitors but having little conversions .
When you increase conversion , you can comfortably focus on SEM , PPC , SEO , and everything else .
If you ’re serious about getting more conversions , We ’re ready to help .
WHAT IS INCLUDED IN OUR WORK
We do all the research to figure out what is broken on the site .
Our research will also uncover missed opportunities that have the potential to impact your bottom line .
This creates a large list of things that should be fixed Read More– but who has the time and budget to fix everything ?
So , we prioritize the list of fixes and create a plan to tackle problems
that have the most impact on your bottom line ( with the least amount of investment ) .
We design fixes for your top problems .
Our designs include everything
from the page layout , to graphic design , to the words that are on the website .
After you approve the new designs , we program our designs as AB tests on your site .
This way , you do n’t have to chase your IT team to do the implementation or find an external developer .
We do all of this at high speed – we design , program , and run 4 to 12 tests per month .
You will have to keep up with us .
CONTACT US
YOUR ARE DOING GREAT , BUT YOU CAN DO BETTER
It ’s pretty much a money thing .
The more customers you can get to convert on your site , the higher your ROI and profits .
From the moment we start working together , you will have a team of senior specialists assigned to you .
Our team becomes part of your team .
Our team has a straightforward goal : take your business to the next level .
We get to know the ins and outs of your business — the ins and outs of your customers .
WHAT’S DIFFERENT ABOUT INVESP ?
15,000 AB tests and counting Extensive experience in launching AB tests that ensures you will get the great results .
Personal Relationship
We are with you every step of the way .
We make sure that you understand everything we are working on .
We care so much about growing your business .
Solution tailored for you Some clients need a full turn key solution .
Others need few hours to help them figure out what to focus on .
We will never suggest a solution that is not a good for your business .
Across verticals and with brands of all sizes
No matter how big or small , what industry you are in – we remove the guesswork from your marketing .
Senior Specialists
A team of experimentation and digital marketing veterans , engineers , and data scientists obsessed with helping you grow .
3.5X the industry success rate
Our success rate is at 3.5 x compared to industry results ( per industry analysts ) .
So , you will get results you wont question .
Another East Anglia misadventure yesterday , this one about the written testimony of Sir Edward Acton ( VC , U of East Anglia ) to the UK Parliamentary Inquiry about a recent response by the Information Commissioner Office ( ICO ) to apparent but time - barred FOI violations .
Acton decided that a trick was a “ good way ” to deal with the problem – in this case , the “ trick ” was mischaracterizing a stern letter from the ICO .
Unfortunately for Acton , this particular trick was exposed yesterday by the publication of the original letter on Bishop Hill ’s blog , exposing the trick .
Here ’s how this particular situation unravelled .
On January 28 , 2010 , Ben Webster and Jonathan Leake of the Times reported here ( also here ) about the now notorious email from Phil Jones to Mann , asking him to delete emails pertaining to AR4 and to contact
Wahl to do the same , noting that Briffa would do the same and that they would ask Ammann to do the same .
( The key emails pertained to contact between Briffa and Wahl that were in violation of IPCC procedures . )
A spokesman for the ICO said : “ The legislation prevents us from taking any action but from looking at the emails it ’s clear to us a breach has occurred . ”
Breaches of the act are punishable by an unlimited fine .
[ SM – actually , the maximum fine is only 5,000 pounds . ]
In a statement , Graham Smith , Deputy Commissioner at the ICO , said : “ The e-mails which are now public reveal that Mr Holland ’s requests under the Freedom of Information
Act were not dealt with as they should have been under the legislation .
Section 77 of the Act makes it an offence for public authorities to act so as to prevent intentionally the disclosure of requested information . ”
He added : “ The ICO is gathering evidence from this and other time - barred cases to support the case for a change in the law .
We will be advising the university about the importance of effective records management and their legal obligations in respect of future requests for information . ”
VC Acton immediately issued a statement on behalf of the university saying that the ICO ’s opinion was a source of “ grave concern ” , claiming that they had always “ responded fully to any requests for information ” :
The ICO ’s opinion that we had breached the terms of Section 77 is a source of grave concern to the University as we would always seek to comply with the terms of the Act .
During this case we have sought the advice of the ICO and responded fully to any requests for information .
He added that FOI issues were part of the Muir Russell remit and that the university would act accordingly if the hapless Muir Russell ( whose Inquiry secretariat is now known to be staffed by climate activist Geoffrey Boulton ’s RSE employees ) so requested :
“ Sir Muir Russell is currently conducting an Independent Review of the issues surrounding what has become known as ‘ Climategate ’ and we very deliberately made our handling of FOI requests part of the terms of reference .
I look forward to receiving his report and as I have said before it will be published and I will act accordingly if he finds there is indeed substance in these allegations . ”
From the context of the ICO reply ( dated Jan 29 ) , it appears that UEA contacted the ICO on Jan 28 , complaining about the ICO ’s statement to the Times .
The ICO sent back a sharply worded reply refusing to back off one inch from the statements provided to the Times .
( Neither side of this exchange was public until yesterday . )
Yesterday ( prior to the publication of the ICO reply ) , VC Acton submitted the following account of the exchange between the UEA and the ICO to the UK Parliamentary Inquiry :
3.7.6 On 22 January 2010 , the Information Commissioner ’s Office ( ICO ) released a statement to a journalist , which was widely misinterpreted in the media as a finding by the ICO that UEA had breached Section 77 of the FOIA by withholding raw data .
A subsequent letter to UEA from the ICO ( 29 January 2010 ) indicated that no breach of the law has been established ; that the evidence the ICO had in mind about whether there was a breach was no more than prima facie ; and that the FOI request at issue did not concern raw data but private email exchanges .
This characterization of the ICO letter would obviously leave a member of the Parliamentary Committee thinking that ICO had backed off the statements made to the Times and been an effort to reassure the university .
In fact , it was nothing of the sort .
The ICO did not back off an inch .
Here is a lengthy excerpt of all the relevant sections of the ICO letter :
I write in reply to your letter of today ’s date , faxed to me this morning and copied to the Commissioner .
I think it is important first to distinguish the current situation from your previous experience of dealing with the ICO on an FOI complaint .
Complaints are made under section 50 of the Act following refusal by the public authority .
If they require a full investigation , we allocate them to a complaints officer and , unless they are resolved informally , a decision notice is issued .
The decision notice is the Commissioner ’s statutory adjudication on a complaint .
In the present case , the section 50 complaint has not yet been fully investigated and there will be exchanges of correspondence between the ICO and UEA as those investigations progress .
Unless there is agreement on an informal resolution , a decision notice will be issued .
This process is likely to take some months .
Meanwhile , the ICO has been alerted by the complainant and by information already in the public domain via the media , to a potential offence under section 77 of the Freedom of Information Act .
The prima facie evidence from the published emails indicate an attempt to defeat disclosure by deleting information .
It is hard to imagine more cogent prima facie evidence .
Given that this was in the public domain and has been discussed in the media and on various websites over a number of weeks , the ICO ’s view , as I indicated when we spoke yesterday , is that the University must have understood that the question whether an offence under section 77 had been committed would be looked at .
In the event , the matter cannot be taken forward because of the statutory time limit .
I can confirm that the ICO will not be retracting the statement which was put out in my name in response to persistent enquiries from the Sunday Times journalist , Mr Leake .
He was specifically seeking a statement as to why the ICO was not prosecuting under section 77 in this case .
The statement was not inaccurate and the ICO is not responsible for the way in which the media and others may interpret or write around an ICO statement .
In response to the specific points which you think should be clarified in a further press statement : 1 . As stated above , no decision notice has yet been issued and no alleged breaches have yet been put to the University for comment .
That matter has yet to be addressed , but it will be over the coming months .
2 . The fact that the elements of a section 77 offence may have been found here , but can not be acted on because of the elapsed time , is a very serious matter .
The ICO is not resiling from its position on this .
3 . The ICO ’s position is as stated in point 2 above .
The statement may be read to indicate that .
Under section 77 , an offence may be committed by an individual , not necessarily the public authority itself .
4. Errors like this are frequently made in press reports and the ICO cannot be expected to correct them , particularly when the ICO has not itself referred to penalties or sanctions in its own statement .
[ SM - this is presumably the point about “ unlimited ” fines as opposed to a maximum of 5000 pounds , but I ’m guessing here . ]
For all the above reasons the ICO will not be issuing a further press statement covering these points .
The ICO does not wish to encourage further media reports on the matter , indeed our original press statement was only drafted for one journalist in response to a specific enquiry .
As Bishop Hill observed , the ICO letter did not characterize email exchanges made in the course of employment by an institution subject to FOI as “ private ” email .
This embellishment by Action appears out of thin air .
The ICO did not say that this was “ no more than prima facie ” .
The term “ no more ” is a complete misrepresentation of the ICO letter .
The ICO said that “ it is hard to imagine more cogent prima facie evidence ” -( an independent opinion that should be borne in mind when one is evaluating the Penn State Inquiry charged with determining whether there was prima facie evidence concerning Mann on the same matter ) .
The ICO said “ the fact that the elements of a section 77 offence may have been found here , but can not be acted on because of the elapsed time , is a very serious matter .
The ICO is not resiling from its position on this ” .
In my opinion ( for what it ’s worth ) , Acton should not have attempted to represent the ICO letter to the Parliamentary Inquiry as somehow ameliorating the situation for the University .
Acton should have left well enough alone on this topic .
He could easily have said the same thing in his Parliamentary submission as he said in his initial statement – that the University was “ gravely concerned ” , had included FOI issues in the Muir Russell remit and would act appropriately when they received the Muir Russell report .
Instead Acton resorted to a “ trick ” – what Gavin Schmidt and the climate science “ community ” call a “ good way ” of dealing with a problem .
Acton ’s trick has blown up on him with the release of the actual ICO letter .
I think that the “ community ” would have concluded by now that the public is fed up with “ tricks ” from the “ community ” .
My guess is that Acton will get a very frosty reception from the Committee on this point .
When entering city of Odessa port one can be greeted by a giant metal robot staying there for years already .
Constructed mainly of auto parts , like hoods etc. – so looking at it we might guess where from the Transformers idea might has appeared .
If you are interested in knowing the difference between the head of state vs. head of government , then you ’ve come to the right place !
You will understand when and how both words could mean different or the same individual .
Most persons are using both terms to indicate the same position , and they are not wrong for that .
Nevertheless , there are conditions under which they are not the same thing .
So here ’s what you need to know about Head of State and a Head of Government ;
The first thing that differentiates both is their functions .
The head of state is also the chief public representative .
Whether it ’s a monarchy , republic , federation , commonwealth , or other forms of government , it stays the same .
The head of state can sign bills and pass them into laws , and controls the entire armed forces of the nation .
He or she is also responsible for attending essential functions and exercise political power throughout the region .
In the USA , the head of state is the president .
Furthermore , in the parliamentary system of government , the head of government is the premier or Prime Minister .
He or she has the power to preside over a cabinet and is chief of the entire executive branch .
The head of government also heads the ruling party .
A simple illustration of the head of state and head of government is what we have in the country UK .
Queen Elizabeth is the head of state , while Boris Johnson is the current head of government .
So that ’s it about the Head of State vs. the head of government .
However , you can continue reading for more information on the topic .
What The Head Of State Means
Politics is as old as man .
It is also responsible for shaping nations and the entire world .
When one is elected into a political office , the electorates automatically transfer powers to the said individual .
The once ordinary and popular individual becomes respected and now has the authority to issue a command .
There are different political officers and the system of governments across the world .
Also , every nation has the right to practice whatever system of government they desire .
What does a head of state mean ?
Another name for this position is “ chief of state .
“ Plus , the powers conferred on anyone that ’s holding this position depends on certain factors .
These include separation of power and a country ’s form of government .
In most cases , the head of the state could only be a ceremonial head .
He or she may be a sovereign state ’s representative .
Like in the United States of America and South Korea that runs a presidential system of government , the president is known as the head of state .
The United Kingdom ’s system of government is a monarchy .
In this case , the office of the head of state is different from that of the head of government .
The queen is not only the head of state but commander - in - chief of the armed forces , while the prime minister is the head of government .
In the presidential system of government as practiced in the USA , the president is the head of state and head of government .
Role The Head Of State Plays
Remember , we said the duties or power conferred on a head of state hinges on several factors .
It could be the separation of power or the form of government the nation is practicing .
The head of state could be a president or monarch , as we have seen in several countries .
Here are some of their duties .
1. Role as chief executive :
As the chief executive , the head of state has the power to implement foreign policies .
In other words , the president can exercise his or her powers at home or in international affairs .
But the power is limited with the help of checks and balances .
Being a chief executive also gives the head of state the power to supervise the activities of the executive arm of his government .
He or she also has the power to offer an executive appointment or remove individuals ( executives ) from political offices too .
The head of state can also task his or her executives to prepare budgets for their respective agencies , presented to congress for proper scrutiny , and to make any adjustments .
After that , it ’s the head of state ( in a presidential system ) that signs the budget into law or for agencies whose budgets are in the submitted proposal to start implementation .
2. Legislative facilitator :
You may be surprised to find some legislative proposals in a congress , which seem to favor the executives .
It should occur to you that most of those proposals are sponsored by the executive , particularly the head of state .
The president does n’t have power over congress .
The Ineligibility Clause in the United State ’s constitution forbids the president from becoming a congress member while in office .
It also prevents the president from introducing any legislative proposal directly .
The only way the president can go about this is to play an indirect role .
And this act can only yield results if only the ruling party ’s members are a majority in the senate and house of representative .
3 . The chief of the citizens
It ’s the people that get to elect the head of state in a country like the United States of America , not the other way around .
So they expect him or her to lead the country to success .
The citizens may also demand that the president honor their agitations in most cases .
In the United Kingdom , the head of state is not elected by the people .
Being a monarchy , it ’s a member of the royal house that can become the next head of state , following the current queen ’s demise .
And being the chief of the citizen , the head of state represents the citizens .
4 . The chief diplomat
One of the head of the state ’s primary role is to create foreign policies , taking into account the interest of the citizens , home and abroad .
Therefore , whatever he or she instructed must be followed to the latter by citizens of the country , irrespective of their geographical location .
So , what this role simply means is that the president can create foreign policies , work to strengthen the relationship between the country and others , and may decide to disagree or agree to any deal .
For instance , President Trump had to pull the US out of the Paris Climate Agreement .
What The Head Of Government Means
The head of government could either be the highest official ( as seen in the presidential system of government ) or second most senior official .
It could be of a federal or sovereign state or self - governing colonies .
The head of government has roles that are different from the one performed by the head of state .
He ’s the prime minister and answers to the head of state , a higher authority !
As earlier said , the head of government is the leader or head of the ruling party .
And when it comes to the executive arm of government , he or she is also the chief or head .
However , for countries that are running a presidential system of government , as well as absolute monarchies , keep in mind that the head of state and head of government is the same individual .
The Role The Head Of Government Plays
Preside over the cabinet
The prime minister is the one that presides over the cabinet , not the head of state .
Let ’s consider the UK as an example .
You will never find the queen dialoguing with cabinet members in the house .
Though she has the power to make recommendations , it ’s the prime minister that heads the government and ensures any contribution made by the head of state is looked into .
Appoints and dismiss ministers
The head of the government can recommend ministers to the head of state for n appointment .
He or she can also do the same when there ’s a need to dismiss a minister .
The head of government also acts according to the directives issued by the head of state .
Take political decisions on behalf of the head of state
In a parliamentary system , the queen or king who happens to be the head of the state cannot make any political decision in the open .
He or she can make recommendations .
Still , it ’s the parliamentary members and the head of the government the decisions rests on .
Wrapping It Up
Head of State Vs. Head of Government !
It is easy to use both terms interchangeably .
No one would blame you for that .
Both terms , in most cases , might be referring to the same person .
It all depends on the system of government and separation of power the country is operating .
So , here you have it , the difference between the two heads .
You can check the beginning part of this post for a better understanding of both terms .
Ya did good today , President Obama .
Well done !
After watching the summit , 2 things became clear to me : Obama is the man for this moment , and health reform will be passed this year .
I have to admit that I was skeptical about whether the summit would be more political than productive , and I have to say I 'm about astounded ( and yes heartened ) at Obama 's stance .
I was pleased that he had no problem not only swatting away the GOP talking points ( " government takeover " " let 's start over " ) , but also routinely calling them on their double - talk / hypocrisy / truth - stretching .
And he did it in such a gentlemanly fashion .
I do n't have the video to highlight , but his closing remarks are a must see .
In essence , Obama made it clear to the GOP that they need to do some soul - searching and see where they stand on these issues , but nevertheless he intends to move forward with reform .
Anyone can see the writing on the wall , gotta say that even the GOP are now sensing the inevitable .
Folks , we all know that the reform bill is far from perfect , but can we at least acknowledge and celebrate that it's a much - needed step in the right direction ?
My hope is that we continue to remain steadfast and remember why we all turned out in record numbers in November 08 .
Patience folks , can we be a bit more patient and recognize that all politics not withstanding , President Obama and the Democrats ( and some Republicans ) are trying to make things better for many Americans ?
I know that it 's easier said than done , and that many of us are on the ropes , but now is when we really have to buckle down and stay the course !
** Update **
Thanks for the comments and rec !
Let 's not forget what this is about :
Dear Twitpic Community - thank you for all the wonderful photos you have taken over the years .
We have now placed Twitpic in an archived state .
For more information , click here .
This Betrayal pack includes two games : Betrayal at Krondor and Betrayal in Antara .
One of the most classic RPGs , chosen as the RPG of the year in 1994
A polished and well - designed world with a complex political , economic and cultural system
Midkemia – a realm of enchantment and ancient magic where elves , dwarves and man once battled an unimaginable evil across rifts in time and space .
The legends tell of a boy named Pug who would become Master Magician .
His friend , Tomas , would wield the unearthly armor of the Valheru and command the armies of Elvandar to fight the final titanic battle at Sethanon .
In Betrayal at Krondor experience an all - new tale in the Riftwar legacy as you travel the world of Ramar .
As the mighty and benevolent empire of Antara fractures under the weight of corruption and war , four unlikely heroes find themselves faced with an insidious mystery involving the most powerful figures in the empire .
Betrayal at Krondor © 1993 Activision Publishing , Inc. Activision is a registered trademark of Activision Publishing , Inc .
All rights reserved .
All other trademarks and trade names are the properties of their respective owners .
Betrayal in Antara © 1997 Activision Publishing , Inc. Activision is a registered trademark of Activision Publishing , Inc .
All rights reserved .
All other trademarks and trade names are the properties of their respective owners .
Cellaring wine is not a complicated procedure , nor does it need to be expensive ( though you ’re more than welcome to build something like what you see there on the left , just remember to invite me over for a tasting , ok ? 😉 ) , however there are several things that I ’ve learned about it over the years which A ) Most people do n’t know , and B ) Can completely ruin your wine if you do n’t do it properly .
So you ’re quite correct in thinking that you need to do some research on the
subject before you go blowing piles of money on expensive vintages that were bottled back when Napoleon was still pillaging the French countryside ( and likely drinking large quantities of wine while he was at it ) .
Today I ’m going to give you the basic information that you need to properly cellar your wine ( this information will come from a professional sommelier ) plus a
few tips to help make your life a littler bit easier and your wine taste just a little bit better .
A few tips
The most important thing is not just the correct temperature and humidity , but consistently keeping the wine in the correct temperature and humidity .
It ’s fluctuations in these that will really kill a good wine .
Some people will go so far as to have UPS battery power backups that are normally used to keep critical computers up and running for their wine refrigerators that can last through hours of power outage .
keeping the wine in the correct temperature and humidity .
It ’s fluctuations in these that will really kill a good wine .
Some people will go so far as to have UPS battery power backups that are normally used to keep critical computers up and running for their wine refrigerators that can last through hours of power outage .
The best way to store wine that you ’ve opened and want to save for later is to use a simple vacuum wine stopper–oxygen is the arch nemesis of wine , it will utterly ruin in in short order and turn it into vinegar in just a week or so of exposure .
Using a simple vacuum system will allow you to keep wine for weeks without losing any of the delightful freshness that it had when you opened it the first time .
My personal recommendation is the Vacu Vin wine saver ( check it out here on Amazon ) .
Keep in mind that this slows the oxidation process , it does n’t stop it , so you still need to remember to drink that wine within a couple weeks of opening it even though you used a vacuum stopper on it .
.
Keep in mind that this slows the oxidation process , it does n’t stop it , so you still need to remember to drink that wine within a couple weeks of opening it even though you used a vacuum stopper on it .
Try to avoid placing the wine anywhere where there may be even slight vibrations as this will cause sediment in the wine to unsettle and mix ( you want it all to settle in one spot ) –this is another reason why the top of the refrigerator is a horrible place to put wine ( you ’ll learn the other reason from our resident sommelier in a second ) , though many people seem to love doing this .
Straight from the sommelier ’s mouth
Additional Resources and Further Reading
The Wine Doctor has got an excellent article called “ The Ideal Wine Cellar ” that you should really have a look at , very good .
ThatsTheSpirit.com has got a nice little article on how to properly age wines , plus here ’s a page with an extraordinarily handy chart on how long to age a wine for ( not all wines age , in fact most do n’t as you just learned ) .
It was part of the House bill last November , so what happened ?
Does the Democratic party hate us ?
Today , the House Rules Committee released the reconciliation bill through which it will vote on the measure that passed the Senate in December .
We are deeply disappointed that , after months of lobbying for their inclusion , i mportant measures specifically addressing the needs of LGBT people and people with HIV - ending the unfair taxation of employer - provided domestic partner health benefits , permitting states to offer early HIV treatment under Medicaid , collecting critical health data on LGBT people and addressing discrimination in health care - are not a part of this bill .
Lost in the shuffle during Thursday 's courageous acts by GetEqual members , was this update on the Health Care bill gagging itself through Congress :
HRC was not clear in their reporting of the story , but I 'm willing to offer a hypothesis .
Like every LGBT equality issue staring down Congress from ENDA , to the repeal DADT , and the Uniting American Families Act ( UAFA ) , and the repeal of DOMA -- our alleged allies are not really our allies .
During the immigration reform summit I attended with Bil and several other amazing journalists in New York several weeks ago our so called progressive allies made it abundantly clear they were not going to explicitly include us in immigration reform .
If they did , they would lose the support of the Catholic Church .
Translation , no UAFA .
We would have to do that on our own , we were told .
This week the Catholic Hospitals Association announced support for the Health Care bill .
Do you think that had anything to do with the omission of key lgbt provisions ?
I do .
I think the Democratic Party sacrificed us once again to appease the Catholics , and if not the Catholics , than someone who hates our families .
That 's right , the Democratic party would prefer to side with groups that hate us .
The Democratic party leaders are very comfortable leaving us on the cutting room floor .
It is undeniably clear that there are enough votes to pass ENDA in the House , but they wo n't do it .
The majority of Americans support a repeal of Do n't Ask Don't Tell , but soldiers have to chain themselves to White House fences to be heard .
Thoughts of repealing DOMA are not even on the horizon .
No one thinks that 's happening any time soon .
Maybe through the Supreme Court .
Maybe .
So , fuck yeah , I 'm glad people are risking their freedom through acts of civil disobedience .
Being Mr. Nice
Gay does not seem to work at the federal level .
I 'm beginning to think the only way we 'll ever get our rights is to be so annoying that Congress wants to vote us away .
Since they wo n't be able to put us on trains to lock us away ( our transportation system could n't handle it ) they 're going to have to vote us away .
If you do n't want to be annoyed , bugged , pestered , protested , called , e-mailed , or sat - in , I have a simple suggestion , give us what we want .
Give us our inalienable rights .
Give us our freedom .
Give us our equality .
Do it now .
Once Martian sand grains hop , they do n’t stop .
That ’s the conclusion of a new study that finds sand can move on Mars without much windy encouragement .
Mars ’ sandy surface has clearly been shaped by wind .
Its characteristic dunes and ripples are the kind formed by sand particles taking short wind - borne hops , a process called saltation .
But atmospheric simulations and landers ’ direct measurements of wind speed have found that the Martian wind hardly ever blows hard enough to kick sand grains off the ground in the first place .
The new paper , to appear in an upcoming Physical Review Letters , suggests a solution to this paradox : a kind of billiard - ball effect in which one sand particle knocks the next one into motion .
“ It ’s much easier to keep this process going than it is to start it in the first place , ” says study author Jasper Kok , an atmospheric physicist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colo. , who did most of this research while at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor .
“ It ’s like when you ride a bike :
It costs a lot of exertion to get it going , but once you ’re going it ’s easier to keep going . ”
Kok modified a numerical model , previously applied to geological processes on Earth , to include Martian gravity and atmospheric conditions .
Unlike in other models , Kok simulated a process called splashing , in which a flying sand particle knocks at least one new grain into the air as it smacks into the ground .
“ That ’s hard to study in a wind tunnel , ” notes planetary scientist Robert Sullivan of Cornell University .
The study “ goes numerically where we have a hard time going with wind tunnel experiments , ” he says .
The way sand grains knock each other around turns out to make all the difference , Kok says .
Because Martian gravity and air density are so much lower than Earth ’s , a small kick from the wind sends sand particles on Mars flying much higher , up to a meter off the ground .
“ It ’s like playing golf on the moon , ” Kok says .
Particles get caught in stronger winds as they rise , causing them to pick up speed and ultimately slam into the ground , where they kick up more particles and start the cycle over .
“ This splashing process is really efficient , ” Kok says .
“ It can keep saltation , or sand blowing , going on Mars at relatively low wind speeds . ”
These jumping sand grains can create ripples over time even without high sustained winds , he says .
The finding could help solve other puzzles in the Martian landscape .
Earlier models predicted that crescent - shaped sand dunes called barchan dunes should grow to at least 500 meters long — but many are only 100 meters .
And the Mars rover Opportunity has found sand ripples made up of particles only 100 micrometers in diameter , so small that scientists had expected them to stay aloft once kicked up .
The new model could explain both riddles by showing that splashing can keep particles moving at low wind speeds .
Slow - moving sand grains do n’t travel far and therefore make short dunes , but even tiny particles can get pushed into ripples , Kok says .
“ This study is very welcome , very informative , ” Sullivan says .
“ The results go a long way toward explaining several mysteries . ”
Images : Martian dunes imaged by HiRISE 1 ) Barchan dunes .
2 ) Barchan dunes .
3 ) Megaripples .
Credit : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona .
See Also :
However , before every tosses out their condoms in favor of some chronic , it should be noted that an Hv1 pill can't hit the market until some scientists explore some potential side effects .
Specifically , Hv1 protein acts across the body in a range of different ways , not just in sperm .
By changing the pH environment for Hv1 protein in general , bodily functions may alter in unforeseen ways .
So while this is definitely a positive step towards creating the long - desired male birth control pill , it may not be available in stores until after Gilliam finally finishes his Don Quixote movie .
> It 'd have been nice if this comment had been made some time ago ,
> together with a deep reasoning on the concrete changes that are in mind .
>
> We are supposed to be a community , we all use Ubuntu and contribute to
> it , and we deserve some respect regarding these kind of decisions .
We
> all make Ubuntu together , or is it a big lie ?
We all make Ubuntu , but we do not all make all of it .
In other words , we delegate well .
We have a kernel team , and they make kernel decisions .
You do n't get to make kernel decisions unless you 're in that kernel team .
You can file bugs and comment , and engage , but you do n't get to second - guess their decisions .
We have a security team .
They get to make decisions about security .
You do n't get to see a lot of what they see unless you 're on that team .
We have processes to help make sure we 're doing a good job of delegation , but being an open community is not the same as saying everybody has a say in everything .
This is a difference between Ubuntu and several other community distributions .
It may feel less democratic , but it 's more meritocratic , and most importantly it means ( a ) we should have the best people making any given decision , and ( b ) it 's worth investing your time to become the best person to make certain decisions , because you should have that competence recognised and rewarded with the freedom to make hard decisions and not get second - guessed all the time .
It 's fair comment that this was a big change , and landed without warning .
There are n't any good reasons for that , but it's also true that no amount of warning would produce consensus about a decision like this .
> If you want to tell us
> that we are all part of it , we want information , and we want our opinion
> to be decisive .
>
No .
This is not a democracy .
Good feedback , good data , are welcome .
But we are not voting on design decisions .
Mark
Some members of the design team asked that the window controls be grouped on the left , and presented the visualisation .
So it was n't that I " prefer it that way " .
I did n't like it initially , anticipating that it would generate a great deal of resistance .
However , it does line things up nicely for work I would like us to do in future .
And the major argument against it appears solely to be " we 're used to it here " , which is important , but not overriding .
After Mark Shuttleworh 's recent comment regarding the decision to put the Metacity window buttons on the left , the debate is more intense then ever .
In a recent comment ( posted a few seconds ago ) , Mark Shuttleworth states that : Update : he also states that the decision to move the window controls to the left was n't his : I 'm going to let you comment on this .
Environment campaigners have accused Queensland Premier Anna Bligh of bowing to developers to the detriment of the state 's biodiversity .
More than 50 protesters gathered at today 's growth summit in South Brisbane to voice their opposition to continued record population growth and development in South - East Queensland .
More than 50 protesters , including Paulette Oldfield of the Australian Koala Foundation ( centre ) , chanted outside the Queensland State Library , where Premier Anna Bligh addressed a growth management summit today .
Credit : Marissa Calligeros
Narelle McCarthy of the Sunshine Coast Environment Centre said cash - hungry developers had Premier Bligh 's ear over the people of the state .
Protesters calling for a population cap to restore the " Queensland way of life " chanted , " Listen to the people , Anna ! " and " Green , not greed ! " .
Seven years ago , a reclusive Russian mathematician , Grigori Perelman , startled the scientific world by claiming to solve one of the most famous and intractable problems in mathematics , called the Poincaré conjecture , and then disappearing back into St. Petersburg .
Now Dr. Perelman , who did not show up to receive a prestigious Fields Medal from the International Mathematical Union in Madrid in 2006 , has been named the winner of the million - dollar prize for solving the problem by the Clay Mathematics Institute in Cambridge , Mass .
The prize was announced Thursday by James Carlson , president of the institute .
It is the first of the million - dollar Millennium prizes to be awarded .
They were established in 2000 by the institute for the solution of seven longstanding problems .
Will Dr. Perelman accept ?
“ He will let me know in due time , ” Dr. Carlson wrote in an e-mail message , acknowledging that they had been in touch .
He declined to provide more details .
They also play checkers every Tuesday and Thursday .
WASHINGTON  President Obama said Saturday that Americans would see immediate benefits from a landmark overhaul of the nation ’s health insurance system and he urged Congress to swiftly reconcile differences over the legislation so it could be signed into law in the coming weeks .
“ Once I sign health insurance reform into law , doctors and patients will have more control over their health care decisions , and insurance company bureaucrats will have less , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ All told , these changes represent the most sweeping reforms and toughest restrictions on insurance companies that this country has ever known . ”
In his weekly Saturday address , Mr. Obama highlighted elements of the plan that would take effect soon after enactment of the bill .
He said the law would allow people with pre-existing illnesses to be able to buy affordable insurance , children with pre-existing conditions would no longer be denied coverage and small business owners who could not afford to cover employees would receive tax credits to buy insurance .
“ What every American should know is that once I sign health insurance reform into law , there are dozens of protections and benefits that will take effect this year , ” Mr. Obama said .
The Calgary Flames have re-signed left wing Rene Bourque to a multi - year contract .
No terms were disclosed .
Bourque is in his second season with the Flames after being acquired on July 1 , 2008 from Chicago for a conditional draft choice .
The 6 - foot - 2 , 207 - pound forward has scored 156 points in 280 career NHL games .
He has established a career high for points already this season with 41 ( 18 goals and 23 assists ) in 53 games .
During the 2008 - 09 season , his first with Calgary , he reached a new career high for goals with 21 .
Bourque originally was signed as a free agent by Chicago on July 29 , 2004 following a four year career with the University of Wisconsin .
He played his first year of professional hockey in 04-05 with Chicago 's AHL affiliate in Norfolk where he established team highs in goals ( 33 ) , assists ( 27 ) and points ( 60 ) .
For his efforts , Bourque was named to the AHL All - Star Game and was the recipient of the Dudley " Red " Garrett Memorial Award as the AHL 's most outstanding rookie .
( CNN ) -- Police in New Jersey arrested a teenager in connection with a public - address - system announcement telling " all blacks " to leave a Wal - Mart store , a police spokesman said .
The 16 - year - old boy is from Atlantic County , New Jersey , said deputy police chief John Dalesandro of the Washington Township Police Department .
The suspect was arrested Friday in Atlantic County on bias intimidation and harassment charges , police said in a statement Saturday .
He is in custody of his parents , police said .
Gloucester County prosecutors say that shortly before 5 p.m. on March 14 , an unidentified male accessed the public address system at the Turnersville , New Jersey , Wal - Mart Supercenter Store .
" All blacks need to leave the store , " the voice announced .
Store management contacted the Washington Township Police Department , which opened an investigation in conjunction with the county prosecutor 's office , Dalesandro said .
Wal - Mart corporate spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said the company is " just as appalled by this as anyone . "
He emphasized that Wal - Mart , the world 's largest public corporation , is working with law enforcement officials .
" Whoever did this is wrong and acted in an inappropriate manner , " Lopez said .
" Clearly this is unacceptable . "
Law enforcement officials said that Wal - Mart is now acting to limit the public address feature to a smaller number of in - store telephones .
Lopez has confirmed that the New Jersey store is updating its intercom systems and that the company is looking at Sunday 's episode to see if there are any lessons for the retailer 's other 4,000 - plus American stores .
Editor ’s note :
As a result of errors , an earlier version of this column misrepresented quoted material .
The corrected version is below .
The conviction of the Pakistani neuroscientist Aafia Siddiqui in New York last week of trying to kill American military officers and FBI agents illustrates that the greatest danger to our security comes not from al - Qaida but the thousands of shadowy mercenaries , kidnappers , killers and torturers our government employs around the globe .
The bizarre story surrounding Siddiqui , 37 , who received an undergraduate degree from MIT and a doctorate in neuroscience from Brandeis University , often defies belief .
Siddiqui , who could spend 50 years in prison on seven charges when she is sentenced in May , was by her own account abducted in 2003 from her hometown of Karachi , Pakistan , with her three children — two of whom remain missing — and spirited to a secret U.S. prison where she was allegedly tortured and mistreated for five years .
The American government has no comment , either about the alleged clandestine detention or the missing children .
Siddiqui was discovered in 2008 disoriented and apparently aggressive and hostile , in Ghazni , Afghanistan , with her oldest son .
She allegedly was carrying plans to make explosives , lists of New York landmarks and notes referring to “ mass - casualty attacks . ”
But despite these claims the government prosecutors chose not to charge her with terrorism or links to al - Qaida — the reason for her original appearance on the FBI ’s most - wanted list six years ago .
Her supporters suggest that the papers she allegedly had in her possession when she was found in Afghanistan , rather than detail coherent plans for terrorist attacks , expose her severe mental deterioration , perhaps the result of years of imprisonment and abuse .
This argument was bolstered by some of the pages of the documents shown briefly to the court , including a crude sketch of a gun that was described as a “ match gun ” that operates by lighting a match .
“ Justice was not served , ” Tina Foster , executive director of the International Justice Network and the spokesperson for Aafia Siddiqui ’s family , told me .
“ The U.S. government made a decision to label this woman a terrorist , but instead of putting her on trial for the alleged terrorist activity she was put on trial for something else .
They tried to convict her of that something else , not with evidence , but because she was a terrorist .
She was selectively prosecuted for something that would allow them to only tell their side of the story . ”
The government built its entire case instead around disputed events in the 300 - square - foot room of the Ghazni police station .
It insisted that on July 18 , 2008 , the diminutive Siddiqui , who had been arrested by local Afghan police the day before , seized an M4 assault rifle that was left unattended and fired at American military and FBI agents .
None of the Americans were injured .
Siddiqui , however , was gravely wounded , shot twice in the stomach .
No one , other than Siddiqui , has attempted to explain where she was for five years after she vanished in 2003 .
No one seems to be able to explain why a disoriented Pakistani woman and her son , an American citizen , neither of whom spoke Dari , were discovered by local residents wandering in a public square in Ghazni , where an eyewitness told Harpers Magazine the distraught Siddiqui “ was attacking everyone who got close to her . ”
Had Siddiqui , after years of imprisonment and torture , perhaps been at the U.S. detention center in Bagram and then dumped with one of her three children in Ghazi ?
And where are the other two children , one of whom also is an American citizen ?
In an article written by Petra Bartosiewicz in the November 2009 Harper ’s Magazine , authorities in Afghanistan described a series of events at odds with the official version .
The events of the following day are also subject to dispute .
According to the complaint , a U.S. Army captain and a warrant officer , two FBI agents , and two military interpreters came to question Siddiqui at Ghazni ’s police headquarters .
The team was shown to a meeting room that was partitioned by a yellow curtain .
“ None of the United States personnel were aware , ” the complaint states , “ that Siddiqui was being held , unsecured , behind the curtain . ”
No explanation is offered as to why no one thought to look behind it .
The group sat down to talk and , in another odd lapse of vigilance , “ the Warrant Officer placed his United States Army M - 4 rifle on the floor to his right next to the curtain , near his right foot . ”
Siddiqui , like a villain in a stage play , reached from behind the curtain and pulled the three - foot rifle to her side .
She unlatched the safety .
She pulled the curtain “ slightly back ” and pointed the gun directly at the head of the captain .
One of the interpreters saw her .
He lunged for the gun .
Siddiqui shouted , “ Get the fuck out of here ! ” and fired twice .
She hit no one .
As the interpreter wrestled her to the ground , the warrant officer drew his sidearm and fired “ approximately two rounds ” into Siddiqui ’s abdomen .
She collapsed , still struggling , then fell unconscious .
The authorities in Afghanistan describe a different series of events .
The governor of Ghazni Province , Usman Usmani , told my local reporter that the U.S. team had “ demanded to take over custody ” of Siddiqui .
The governor refused .
He could not release Siddiqui , he explained , until officials from the counterterrorism department in Kabul arrived to investigate .
He proposed a compromise : the U.S. team could interview Siddiqui , but she would remain at the station .
In a Reuters interview , however , a “ senior Ghazni police officer ” suggested that the compromise did not hold .
The U.S. team arrived at the police station , he said , and demanded custody of Siddiqui , the Afghan officers refused , and the U.S. team proceeded to disarm them .
Then , for reasons unexplained , Siddiqui herself somehow entered the scene .
The U.S. team , “ thinking that she had explosives and would attack them as a suicide bomber , shot her and took her . ”
Siddiqui ’s own version of the shooting is less complicated .
As she explained it to a delegation of Pakistani senators who came to Texas to visit her in prison a few months after her arrest , she never touched anyone ’s gun , nor did she shout at anyone or make any threats .
She simply stood up to see who was on the other side of the curtain and startled the soldiers .
One of them shouted , “ She is loose , ” and then someone shot her .
When she regained consciousness she heard someone else say , “ We could lose our jobs . ”
Siddiqui ’s defense team pointed out that there was an absence of bullets , casings or residue from the M4 , all of which suggested it had not been fired .
They played a video to show that two holes in a wall supposedly caused by the M4 had been there before July 18 .
They also highlighted inconsistencies in the testimony from the nine government witnesses , who at times gave conflicting accounts of how many people were in the room , where they were sitting or standing and how many shots were fired .
Siddiqui , who took the stand during the trial against the advice of her defense team , called the report that she had fired the unattended M4 assault rifle at the Americans “ the biggest lie . ”
She said she had been trying to flee the police station because she feared being tortured .
Siddiqui , whose mental stability often appeared to be in question during the trial , was ejected several times from the Manhattan courtroom for erratic behavior and outbursts .
“ It is difficult to get a fair trial in this country if the government wants to accuse you of terrorism , ” said Foster .
“ It is difficult to get a fair trial on any types of charges .
The government is allowed to tell the jury you are a terrorist before you have to put on any evidence .
The fear factor that has emerged since 9/11 has permeated into the U.S. court system in a profoundly disturbing way .
It embraces the idea that we can compromise core principles , for example the presumption of innocence , based on perceived threats that may or may not come to light .
We , as a society , have chosen to cave on fear . ”
I spent more than a year covering al - Qaida for The New York Times in Europe and the Middle East .
The threat posed by Islamic extremists , while real , is also wildly overblown , used to foster a climate of fear and political passivity , as well as pump billions of dollars into the hands of the military , private contractors , intelligence agencies and repressive client governments including that of Pakistan .
The leader of one FBI counterterrorism squad told The New York Times that of the 5,500 terrorism - related leads its 21 agents had pursued over the past five years , just 5 percent were credible and not one had foiled an actual terrorist plot .
These statistics strike me as emblematic of the entire war on terror .
Terrorism , however , is a very good business .
The number of extremists who are planning to carry out terrorist attacks is minuscule , but there are vast departments and legions of ambitious intelligence and military officers who desperately need to strike a tangible blow against terrorism , real or imagined , to promote their careers as well as justify obscene expenditures and a flagrant abuse of power .
All this will not make us safer .
It will not protect us from terrorist strikes .
The more we dispatch brutal forms of power to the Islamic world the more enraged Muslims and terrorists we propel into the ranks of those who oppose us .
The same perverted logic saw the Argentine military , when I lived in Buenos Aires , “ disappear ” 30,000 of the nation ’s citizens , the vast majority of whom were innocent .
Such logic also fed the drive to root out terrorists in El Salvador , where , when I arrived in 1983 , the death squads were killing between 800 and 1,000 people a month .
Once you build secret archipelagos of prisons , once you commit huge sums of money and invest your political capital in a ruthless war against subversion , once you empower a network of clandestine killers , operatives and torturers , you fuel the very insecurity and violence you seek to contain .
I do not know whether Siddiqui is innocent or guilty .
But I do know that permitting jailers , spies , kidnappers and assassins to operate outside of the rule of law contaminates us with our own bile .
Siddiqui is one victim .
There are thousands more we do not see .
These abuses , justified by the war on terror , have created a system of internal and external state terrorism that is far more dangerous to our security and democracy than the threat posed by Islamic radicals .
The art of couponing has been cyclical , surging and sliding with the economy , ever since Asa Candler put out the first coupon - for his new fountain drink , Coca - Cola , in 1894 .
But there ’s also more output :
To attract wallet - watchdogging shoppers , manufacturers distributed 311 billion coupons in 2009 , a jump of roughly 11 percent over the 281 billion circulated in 2008 .
There are even coupon parties , which are akin to sewing circles - only attendees gather with scissors and piles of circulars .
There ’s a remarkably voracious coupon culture .
Hundreds of websites and discussion boards advise about doubling , buzz with rumors of unadvertised store promotions , and dissect the practice of two - for - ones .
Price - conscious purchasers redeemed 3.2 billion coupons in 2009 , a 23 percent increase over 2008 , according to the Deerfield , Ill. - based NCH Marketing Services Inc .
That ’s the highest year - over - year growth rate ever recorded , according to Charles Brown , NCH ’s vice president of marketing .
Not everyone is as dedicated - or quite so strategic .
But overall , strung - out shoppers are getting more tactical with their scissors .
Here ’s an example :
At one of her favorite local chains , she used a combination of coupons , sales , and cats to drop her total from $ 118 to $ 9 ( and change ) .
Her best effort , she boasted , was when her methods zeroed out her initial $ 400 total , and , because of several rebates and promotions , she actually got paid $ 60 .
By methodically blending all of these , Chase claims to have cut her family ’s monthly bills for food , clothing , and toiletries by up to 80 to 90 percent , in part by making three or four grocery and drugstore trips a week .
Hers is a calculated system - sometimes even mathematically complex - that involves an amalgam of store and manufacturers ’ coupons , sales , promotions , buy - one - get - ones , rebates and “ cats ’ ’ ( yes , there ’s actually a name for those discount slips that pop out along with your receipt at the register - it ’s short for Catalina Marketing , the company that distributes them ) .
And it ’s valuable - but it requires Chase to go far beyond just dicing through the inserts in the Sunday paper .
Well , then , you ’re wasting money , according to this shrewd shopper , who asserts that it ’s foolish and wasteful not to use them .
“ I would shudder if I paid full price , ’’ said the Amesbury stay - at - home mother of two boys , who is sharing the tips behind her clips in a series of noncredit classes this spring at Northern Essex Community College .
And when it comes to generic labels ?
Not for her - you ’ll only find name brands in her cupboards .
But because this recession continues to hover , economists and other experts think frugality will become an ingrained survival tactic , much like it was for many Americans who lived through the Great Depression - which could spur even more devotion to the coupon .
“ We think there ’s going to be a permanent shift in behavior this time , ’’ Brown said .
But some of those same experts note that there can be a negative consequence as more people rely on this expiration - dated form of currency .
If people are n’t careful , for example , impossible - to - resist deals can entice them to purchase items they do n’t need or normally would n’t buy , thus resulting in more money spent , said University of New Hampshire economics professor Bruce Elmslie .
Still , there is an unmistakable lure : Elmslie called couponing an “ Easter egg hunt for adults . ’’
Chase also said there is a game quality to it .
And an addiction , too .
For her , it ’s a thrifty lifestyle that morphed out of her previous profession in retail management .
It was then , while experiencing the inside workings of retail at stores like Brooks Brothers and J. Jill , that she began to see patterns .
Now , “ I ca n’t think of any area of life where coupons ca n’t be used , ’’ Chase said .
“ It becomes the way . ’’
When Chase shops , she refers to binders brimming with coupons collated to the various sections of the supermarket or drugstore .
Her ample , uncut stash is meticulously organized in an accordion file folder rivaling the girth of most briefcases .
She employs a vast , acronym - laden lingo - SQs , MQs , OOP ( that ’s store coupons , manufacturer ’s coupons , and out - of- pocket ) .
And she ’ll hardly ever pass up a coupon , even if it ’s for something she does n’t need or want .
That ’s because it can be used to reach , for example , a $ 25 minimum to get $ 5 off a store coupon , and then she ’ll donate the item to a soup kitchen , church , or shelter .
Since Chase has developed her prowess with promotions , she says she spends only about two hours a week skimming websites , printing out coupons , and collecting newspaper inserts .
“ I ’m spending minutes , ’’ she said .
“ I use couponing to simplify my life . ’’
Her favorite stores have learned to simplify , too .
Because she has so many coupons and often splits up her order several times to maximize deals , it can sometimes take a half - hour or more for cashiers to ring her up .
So , many store managers - most of whom she knows by name - will open a register just for her .
It was n’t such a novelty at first .
Chase said retail workers were initially unfriendly , and she had to put up with some teasing from friends .
But then the economy took a tumble , and more people became inquisitive , even encouraging .
But why go so big ?
Why not clip just a few coupons and be done with it ?
“ Fortunately , or unfortunately , it becomes a lifestyle , ’’ Chase said .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
In recent years , right - wing Israeli political leaders and their supporters have warned of the rise of a “ new anti-Semitism ” , rife across Europe and in left - wing political circles .
The new anti-Semites are critics of Israel .
They do n’t target Jews ; they target the Jewish state .
( I say “ they ” but of course I should say “ we ” because I too would surely be branded as being among the ranks of this hateful group . )
Still , this term “ new anti-Semitism ” has n’t really caught on .
Instead , something much more significant has happened : the term “ anti-Semitic ” has taken on new meaning not because it actually has a new meaning but because what it signals has become more important than what it targets .
Glenn Greenwald warns that those who so freely scream “ anti- Semite ” are “ cheapening and trivializing ‘ anti- semitism ’ to the point of irrelevance . ”
Joe Klein has called on his friend Leon Wieseltier to apologize to Andrew Sullivan for suggesting that the latter had shown “ venomous hostility toward Israel and Jews . ”
Wieseltier did n’t use the word anti-Semite , but the insinuation was transparent .
A shift has indeed taken place and it is not merely that the charge of anti-Semitism has become so overused that it is losing its meaning , it is this :
The new anti-Semitism does not identify expanding ranks of Jew - haters ; it signals a new class of hysterical and hateful Jews .
Anti-Semitism no longer points at its intended target ; it points at itself .
This is a cross-post from Woodward ’s site , War in Context .
The administration has already made its mark on education through Race to the Top , a federal grant program in which 40 states are competing for $ 4 billion in education money included in last year ’s federal stimulus bill .
In his State of the Union address , Mr. Obama hailed the results so far of that competition , which has persuaded states from Rhode Island to California to make changes in their education laws .
States that prohibit the use of test scores in teacher evaluations , for example , are not eligible for the funds .
The competition has also encouraged states to open the door to more charter schools , which receive public money but are run by independent groups .
Now the administration hopes to apply similar conditions to the distribution of the billions of dollars that the Department of Education hands out to states and districts as part of its annual budget .
“ They want to recast the law so that it is as close to Race to the Top as they can get it , making the money conditional on districts ’ taking action to improve schools , ” said Jack Jennings , president of the Center on Education Policy , who attended a recent meeting at which administration officials outlined their plans in broad strokes .
“ Right now most federal money goes out in formulas , so schools know how much they ’ll get , and then use it to provide services for poor children .
The department thinks that ’s become too much of an entitlement .
They want to upend that scheme by making states and districts pledge to take actions the administration considers reform , before they get the money . ”
One section of the current Bush - era law has required states to certify that all teachers are highly qualified , based on their college coursework and state - issued credentials .
In the Race to the Top competition , the administration has required participating states to develop the capability to evaluate teachers based on student test data , at least in part , and on whether teachers are successful in raising student achievement .
Educators who have talked to the administration said the officials appeared to be considering inserting similar provisions into the main education law , by requiring the use of student data in teacher evaluation systems as a condition for receiving federal education money .
Mr. Duncan has publicly endorsed such an approach , Mr. Cunningham said .
The education law has been praised for focusing attention on achievement gaps , but it has also generated tremendous opposition , especially from educators , who contend that it sets impossible goals for students and schools and humiliates students and educators when they fall short .
The law has , to date , labeled some 30,000 schools as “ in need of improvement , ” a euphemism for failing , but states and districts have done little to change them .
The last serious attempt to rewrite the law was in 2007 .
That effort collapsed , partly because teachers ’ unions and other educator groups opposed an effort to incorporate merit pay provisions into a rewritten law .
Earlier this month , Mr. Duncan and more than a dozen other administration officials took steps toward organizing a new rewrite , meeting with the Democratic chairmen and ranking Republican members of the education committees in both houses of Congress .
HEY !
How about buying a HijiNKS ENSUE book ?
Check my Twitter Feed for 15 % discount coupons to the HE Store .
If a book ai n’t your style but you want to support the comic , maybe make a small donation why not ?
Fringe ( who ’s midseason finale last night inspired this comic ) is the best scifi television program being produced on TV right now ( unless you count that show about the super religious people with cloning facility ) .
From writing to casting to FX this show is nearly perfect … other than the fact that is has one of the most compelling main plot lines of the last decade which it almost NEVER explores in any fashion .
The overall arch of Fringe is that there are two parallel universes ( ours and a slightly more technologically advanced but WAY more fucked up one ) , which are destined to go to war for their very survival .
Agents from the alternate universe have been conducting crazy experiments on our side in preparation for the coming war and the FBI from our side is busy piecing these events together into something they call “ The Pattern . ”
At the center of all of the mysteries seems to be Dr. Walter Bishop and his former partner William Bell .
Bishop seems to have lost his memory and mind nearly 20 years ago , so he does n’t quite remember his part in all of this universe hopping madness though the clues always seem to place him square in the middle of whatever the weirdness of the week is .
His former partner , William Bell , was equally brilliant but instead going bat tits nuts he founded to the wealthiest and most powerful company in the world , Massive Dynamic .
He also seems to be MIA from our particular universe .
Intrigued ?
Me too .
So why the fuck does this plot only make up less than 20 % of the episodes over the last two seasons ?
The main characters KNOW there is an alternate universe and they KNOW shit is about to get all kinds of explodey crazy , but they manage to put that aside almost all of the time in order to chase monsters - of - the - week and the regular joes that commit unusual murders .
If I knew an alternate reality was about to crash into ours at a million miles an hour I would not be able to eat , sleep or shit until I had done everything possible to prevent it from happening .
These guys treat the situation like a past - due water bill .
They know it ’s there , they know it ’s important and likely to get worse before it gets better , yet they ignore it hoping it will go away .
It ’s hard to argue what ’s “ believable ” in a show with genetic mutation , teleportation , and psychic mind control , but in the universe Fringe has established I find it hard to believe that “ The Pattern ” would n’t take up 100 % of their attention .
Despite that gripe , I love the show .
I just want them to stop teasing my scifigina with the tip of their plotcock .
Its been two seasons , so cut out the foreplay already !
Give it to me nice and har… ok , that got weird .
SIDE NOTE : John “ Denethor ” Noble as Walter Bishop is the most unique and enthralling character on TV since Hugh Laurie as House .
I could watch that man read the phone book , or rake leaves or eat a whole chicken while a sad Hobbit sings him a song .
ANYTHING would be fine .
He just pulls you in and hypnotizes you with his crazy only man face and deep , rumbling old man voice .
OH YEAH !
I totally forgot to mention that a certain fancy book appears in “ Not Invented Here ” this week .
Thanks , Bill & Paul !
The museum says it will " vigorously defend its ownership of the statue " A judge in Italy has ordered the Getty Museum in the US city of Los Angeles to return an ancient Greek bronze statue .
Prosecutors say the statue , of a young athlete crowned with an olive wreath , was smuggled out of Italy in the 1970s .
They say the museum failed to check the provenance of the statue when buying it for almost $ 4 m ( £ 2.5 m ) in 1977 .
The museum says it bought the bronze , named the Statue of Victorious Youth , in good faith , and it would challenge what it called a " flawed " ruling .
More than 2,000 years old , it was found in the sea by Italian fisherman in 1964 off the eastern town of Fano , near Pesaro .
' Hidden by priest '
It is said to have been hidden by a priest , later leaving Italy in a shipment of medical supplies to Brazil .
It was eventually bought by an art consortium in 1971 , which later sold it to the Getty Museum .
Also known as the Getty bronze , it is considered to be one of the greatest bronze statues to survive from ancient Greece .
In the ruling , Judge Lorena Mussoni ordered that the statue " be seized from the Getty Museum or wherever it may be at the moment " .
Former Culture Minister Francesco Rutelli , who led Italy 's efforts to recover the work , told the AFP news agency that the verdict was of " historic importance , ending the era of looting our archaeological heritage " .
In a statement , the J Paul Getty Trust , one of the wealthiest art institutions in the US , said the court 's order was " flawed both procedurally and substantively " .
The trust said it would " vigorously defend its legal ownership of the statue " .
Three years ago , and without admitting liability , the museum agreed to return 40 ancient artefacts in return for the long - term loan of other treasures .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Several days ago we caught a glimpse of the HTC Incredible , purportedly heading to Verizon ’s network as its first HTC smartphone running Android 2.1 .
Well , the Incredible has now surfaced in Verizon ’s inventory system , which corroborates earlier specs reports .
As Electronista explains , the top SKU , ADR6300DU , is allegedly a reference for the launch kit which includesmaterials for the retailer , such as display units or pamphlets .
The second SKU , ADR6300VW , is for the actual handset .
The HTC Incredible is running on the speedy Snapdragon CPU , Android 2.1 with Sense UI , 256MB of memory , and a display rumored to be either a 3.5 - inch or 3.7 - inch with WVGA resolution ( unconfirmed , but perhaps even AMOLED - based ) .
Availability has yet to be released or confirmed , but the word is that CTIA ’s expo held in spring , around late March , may have the expected release date .
[ via Berry Scoop ]
The man accused of masterminding a plot to blow up two synagogues in the Riverdale section of the Bronx was offered $ 250,000 by a paid government informant for his effort , according to papers filed in court on Wednesday by defense lawyers .
The papers , which seek dismissal of the federal charges , detail how the informant spent nearly a year courting the man , encouraging him to identify targets and recruit others to the mission .
The informant , identified in the court papers as Shaheed Hussain , who had helped the Federal Bureau of Investigation in at least one other case , has been credited with helping to prevent the plot ’s success .
Mr. Hussain posed as a wealthy representative of a Pakistani terrorist organization .
He repeatedly dangled the promise of large cash payments as he helped oversee the recruitment of the four men arrested last May in the plot , according to the court papers , which draw from recorded conversations .
During one conversation last April , James Cromitie , the Newburgh , N.Y. , man accused of leading the plot , told Mr. Hussain that he was out of the state trying to make money .
The two had not spoken for six weeks , and Mr. Cromitie expressed reluctance at joining Mr. Hussain ’s plan .
A Palestinian shot by Israel Defense Forces troops in the West Bank died Sunday at dawn , medical sources reported .
Osayed Qadus , 20 , was in critical condition after being hit by a bullet Saturday afternoon at Burin , south of Nablus , when IDF soldiers opened fire to disperse protesters throwing stones on them .
Meanwhile , question marks have emerged over the violent clash that resulted in the death of 16 - year - old Muhammad Qadus on Saturday .
Military officials say that troops did not use live ammunition during the confrontation but Nablus doctor Mahmoud Qaadan , who treated Qadus at Rapidia hospital , told Ynet that the findings were conclusive : " We had an entry and exit of a bullet .
We do not have a bullet , but this type of injuries with entry and exit wounds are only created by live ammunition and not by rubber - coated bullets . "
The X - rays done at the hospital left no room for doubt regarding the use of live fire in the incident , the Palestinian doctor said .
A B'Tselem investigator who arrived at the hospital also claimed that the X - rays proved that the teen was killed by live ammunition and not by rubber bullets .
Osayed Qadus ' X -ray ( Photo : Salma a - Dab'i , B'Tselem )
An IDF source told Ynet that the army engaged in covert surveillance in the area Saturday , spotting masked Palestinians in possession of rocks heading to the nearby Bracha settlement .
Troops fired tear gas at the Palestinians , to no avail , and later fired rubber bullets at stone throwers roughly 70 meters ( about 250 feet ) away from them .
According to an initial probe , the forces did not fire live ammunition at the Palestinians , the IDF source said .
He added that troops who attempted to detain two suspects inside the Palestinian village encountered a pile of rocks blocking the road , as stone throwers on a nearby hill hurled rocks at the forces , which were hence facing a life - threatening situation .
In such cases , IDF troops are allowed to use live fire .
CARACAS , Feb 19 ( Reuters ) - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said on Friday Britain’s “ desperation ” for oil was leading it to flout international law in the Falkland Islands , and called on the British to return the islands to Argentina .
The Socialist Venezuelan leader said he supported Buenos Aires ’ protests over planned drilling in the Falklands , where companies including U.K. - based Desire Petroleum are planning to look for oil and gas in nearby offshore areas .
“ The British are desperate for oil since their own fields in the North Sea are now being depleted , ” Chavez said in a televised speech .
When will England stop breaking international law ?
Return the Malvinas to Argentina ! ”
Argentina still lays claim to the British - controlled South Atlantic Islands , known as the Malvinas in Spanish .
Britain , which became a large oil exporter in the 1970s following massive oil finds in the North Sea , has seen its output decline .
It has been a net oil importer since at least 2007 , according to U.S. Department of Energy figures .
While the Falklands are not an oil producer now and hold no proven reserves , oil companies are betting offshore fields may hold billions of recoverable barrels of oil .
Argentina led an unsuccessful military campaign in 1982 to eject the British from the islands .
Earlier this week , Buenos Aires formally objected to British - led drilling plans near the Falklands , and said it would require all ships from the islands to obtain permits to dock in Argentina .
Chavez said he spoke with Argentine President Cristina Kirchner earlier Friday to voice his support .
The leader of OPEC - member Venezuela , among the largest oil exporters in the Western Hemisphere , often claims foreign powers including the United States are covetous of Venezuela ’s own massive oil reserves .
“ The English are desperate , the Yankees are desperate and here we have the biggest petroleum reserves in the world , ” Chavez said .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said Thursday that international law allows British firms to drill the area , and expected dialogue with Argentina would resolve the dispute .
“ It is perfectly within our rights to be able to do this .
I think the Argentinians actually understand that , ” Brown told local radio on Thursday .
Asked about a newspaper report that defense chiefs in London had sent extra warships to the region , Brown said : “ We have made all the preparations that are necessary to make sure that the Falkland Islanders are properly protected . ”
Buenos Aires said in 2007 any energy companies that had operated in the islands would be barred , fined or thrown out of Argentina .
( Reporting by Joshua Schneyer and Patricia Rondon ; editing by Todd Eastham )
There 's a long , long history of " xkcd " fans reenacting the webcomic , but rarely by such high profile nerdlebrities as Neil Gaiman , Wil Wheaton , and Cory Doctorow , not to mention " Lawrence Lessig , Bruce Schneier , Jason Kottke , Google Zurich , Hank Green , MC Frontalot , Patrick & Teresa Nielsen Hayden , Mr. Toast , Miss Cellania , Team Genius , Phil Plait , Allan Amato , Maddy Gaiman , Charissa Gilreath , Belinda Casas , Chuck Martinez , Jeremy James , Joanna Gaunder , Lee Israel & Octavio Coleman Esq. of The Jejune Institute . "
This time around they 've taken a strip titled " xkcd Loves the Discovery Channel " -- a tribute to the channel 's " Boom - De - Yadda " commercial -- and refilmed it with the many , many guest stars above for a meta - tribute called " I Love xkcd . "
Check it out after the jump .
To use a word coined by Stephen Colbert , the writer and actor , there ’s a certain “ truthiness ” about Stephen Colbert , the character and host of Comedy Central ’s “ The Colbert Report . ”
Indeed , Colbert the character , a right - wing blowhard on a one - man mission to reeducate the ignorant , is convincing enough that a recent Ohio State University study found that a majority of conservatives polled believed Colbert the man was one of them .
The irony could n’t please him more .
“ I ’m thrilled by it ! ” he says , sitting in his New York office , a pack rat ’s homage to the show crammed with pictures and props and a “ Lord of the Rings ” pinball machine .
“ From the very beginning , I wanted to jump back and forth over the line of meaning what I say , and the truth of the matter is I ’m not on anyone ’s side , I ’m on my side , ” he says .
“ The important thing is that the audience laughs . ”
The audience has been obliging him for the last 3 1/2 years , when Jon Stewart crowned the “ Daily Show ” correspondent with his own realm .
While Colbert , a South Carolina native who trained in improvisation at Chicago ’s famed Second City , earned three Emmys as a “ Daily Show ” writer , he has since proved himself a competitor .
Last year , his show won a writing Emmy , and for the last three years , it has been pitted against “ The Daily Show ” for variety , music or comedy series .
“ Jon said , ‘ Do n’t think you need to thank me if you win because you do n’t need to perceive me as the reason you ’re doing this , ’ but it ’s the truth , ” says Colbert , who speaks with Stewart weekly .
“ He ’s very generous . ”
Colbert works hard not to disappoint .
He and his staff of 90 put in a minimum of 12 - hour days .
“ It ’s a new show , and I ’m a control freak , ” admits Colbert , who keeps a piece of paper taped to his desk that reads “ work . ”
But , he continues , “ What we ’re doing is difficult .
We deconstruct the news into a joke , and then we falsely reconstruct the news into how my character would see it .
The writers and I talk about how it ’s like driving an 18 - wheeler backward down a highway .
It ’s possible , but you have to constantly readjust the steering . ”
Advertisement
While the comedian ’s personal life is staid -- he and his wife and three children live in suburban New Jersey , where he teaches Sunday school and roots for Little League -- Colbert has taken his share of professional hits .
He wrote for the short - lived “ Dana Carvey Show ” ; “ Strangers With Candy , ” a series he created and starred in along with Amy Sedaris in 1999 for Comedy Central , earned a cult following but lasted just 30 episodes .
Perhaps his most public gaffe was his 2006 performance at the White House Correspondents Dinner , where a stunned audience listened to him reel off lines about then - President Bush such as , “ Events can change ; this man ’s beliefs never will . ”
Says Allison Silverman , executive producer of “ The Colbert Report , ” “ I was really impressed with him continuing when it was not the audience we expected .
My feeling there was pure respect for him having the cojones to continue . ”
Colbert says sinking the ship by himself is much less fun than having a playmate to go down with , one of the many reasons he entices such recent and diverse personalities as Meghan McCain and Ron Howard to join him on the show .
But a certain fearlessness is a job prerequisite .
“ The first director I had at Second City said , ‘ You have to learn to love the bomb , ’ and I did n’t know what he meant for a very long time , ” Colbert says .
“ But there ’s something nice about getting to the point where you enjoy the feeling that people are n’t laughing .
Imagine a child drinking beer for the first time and they can’t possibly understand why you like it , and you ca n’t possibly explain why it tastes good .
But there ’s a buzz to failing and not dying . ”
These days , Colbert -- whose character seemed to tear up when Stewart announced Obama ’s victory on election night -- is playing a bit nicer with the establishment .
He leapt at the chance to head to the Persian Gulf this summer , along with a bare - bones production staff , to entertain the troops and broadcast the show for a week .
“ It ’s an honor , ” he says .
“ My grandmother always said , ‘ Never refuse a legitimate adventure , and it ’s up to you to figure out what legitimate means . ’
This is a legitimate adventure . ”
As for what else might lie in his professional future , Colbert says the next goal is trying to work fewer hours .
Advertisement
“ Jon has been doing this for 11 years , and I want to like this as much as I do now 11 years down the road .
But I like it as much now as I did when I started , even those days when I feel like I ’m going to get physically sick from the exhaustion , ” he says earnestly .
“ Just last week , it was a day when we were killing ourselves but right before the show , I had this sudden feeling of , ‘ I ca n’t believe I get to do this again .
This is the greatest job in the world . ’ ”
--
calendar@latimes.com
Rep .
Steve King really can relate to Joseph Stack 's attack of the IRS building in Austin because he too was audited .
A Media Matters staffer told TPM that King made these outrageous statements about the suicide plane attack at CPAC , Saturday night :
Rep. Steve King ( R - IA ) told a crowd at CPAC on Saturday that he could " empathize " with the suicide bomber who last week attacked an IRS office in Austin , and encouraged his listeners to " implode " other IRS offices , according to a witness .
King 's comments were n't recorded , but a staffer for Media Matters , who heard the comments , provided TPMmuckraker with an account .
The staffer , who requested anonymity because she 's not a communications specialist , said that King , an extreme right - winger with a reputation for eyebrow - raising rhetoric , appeared as a surprise guest speaker on an immigration panel at the conservative conference .
During his closing remarks , King veered into a complaint about high taxes , and said he could " empathize " with the man who flew a plane into an IRS building last week
.
This is a man that is supposed to serve and protect America .
He 's a Congressman for God 's sake .
Think Progress caught up with him later on and this is what he said .
TP : Do you think this attack , this terrorist attack , was motivated at all by a lot of the anti-tax rhetoric that ’s popular in America right now ?
KING : I think if we ’d abolished the IRS back when I first advocated it , he would n’t have a target for his airplane .
And I ’m still for abolishing the IRS , I ’ve been for it for thirty years and I ’m for a national sales tax . [...]
It ’s sad the incident in Texas happened , but by the same token , it ’s an agency that is unnecessary and when the day comes when that is over and we abolish the IRS , it ’s going to be a happy day for America .
TP : So some of his grievances were legitimate ?
KING : I do n’t know if his grievances were legitimate , I ’ve read part of the material .
I can tell you I ’ve been audited by the IRS and I ’ve had the sense of ‘ why is the IRS in my kitchen . ’
Why do they have their thumb in the middle of my back . …
It is intrusive and we can do a better job without them entirely .
These are the people that will be holding hearings on Capitol Hill if the House goes back toe the republicans .
You can bet on it .
The treatment ACORN received when they were n't in power is a prelude on things to come .
People who do n't mind nut - jobs from killing Americans like suicide bombers .
Michele " miss me yet ? "
Bachmann would actually be in a position of power too ...
Jerusalem ( CNN ) -- For Berlanty Azzam , Wednesday 's two - hour round trip from Bethlehem to Ramallah was supposed to signal the possibility of a new life chapter for the 21 - year - old college student .
Azzam , a senior studying business at Bethlehem University , had a job interview in the West Bank capital , hoping to land a sales position after her graduation in December .
Azzam made it to the interview , but on her way back to Bethlehem she was stopped at an Israeli Army checkpoint .
She handed over her identity papers to the soldiers who told her she could not leave .
She said she was held at the checkpoint for five hours with no explanation , and then blindfolded , handcuffed and put into a military vehicle .
" I did not know what they were going to do with me or where they were taking me , " Azzam said in a interview .
As it turns out , Azzam was being removed from the Palestinian West Bank and brought to the Gaza Strip .
She called the experience " frightening and dehumanizing . "
The Israeli military released a statement saying Azzam was " residing illegally " in the West Bank and had overstayed a permit " allowing her to stay in Jerusalem for a few days in August 2005 . "
Azzam , who grew up in Gaza , left her home four years ago after receiving a travel permit from the Israeli government to visit the West Bank .
Azzam said she was " scared of something like this happening " and had not returned home to Gaza for that reason .
She acknowledged that the Israeli government had issued a temporary permit but said she stayed on in the West Bank because it was the only way for her to attend school .
Azzam 's return to Gaza means there is a strong likelihood she will not be allowed back to the West Bank to finish her studies .
In a stated effort to isolate the radical Islamist group Hamas which controls Gaza , Israel has imposed extremely tight restrictions on Palestinians leaving the densely populated coastal strip .
The restrictions have extended to Gaza residents who have been accepted to universities in Europe and the United States in addition to the West Bank .
The issue received notoriety last year when the U.S. State Department exerted pressure on Israel to allow some Fulbright scholarship winners to leave Gaza to attend schools in the United States .
Azzam 's case has been taken up by Gisha , an Israeli organization which advocates for Palestinian freedom of movement .
The group 's executive director , Sari Bashi , told CNN that they were petitioning the Israeli supreme court to allow Azzam to immediately return to her studies in the West Bank .
Bashi said that Azzam 's forced return to the Gaza Strip is part of a recent campaign by the Israeli military " to search the West Bank for Palestinians whose ID cards are registered in Gaza and to remove them to Gaza by force . "
Bashi said the right of Palestinians from Gaza to stay in the West Bank is being litigated in the Israeli courts and that the military 's " aggressive " treatment of Azzam constituted " a blatant attempt to avoid judicial review . "
Mark Regev , a spokesman for the Israeli government , said he was not aware of any policy to remove Palestinians from the West Bank to Gaza and said that in the past there have been concerns about Hamas using access to the West Bank as a way of placing their activists in universities .
Officials at Bethlehem University said they were worried that Azzam 's case could set a precedent for the removal of more of their students who come from Gaza and questioned why it was a problem to allow her to finish her studies .
" She has been here since 2005 , " said Brother Jack Curran , a vice - president at the Vatican - sponsored university .
" Name one security concern that she has been involved in . "
" It 's really not about political posturing , " he said .
" It 's about a young woman 's life and her dream and her goal for her university education . "
Azzam said her return to Gaza has been bittersweet .
After four years away , she said she was happy to see her family but disappointed she was returning without her degree .
( Natural News ) A Philadelphia jury has found drug giant Pfizer Inc. guilty of deliberately ignoring evidence that hormone replacement therapy ( HRT ) drug Prempro increased women 's risk of breast cancer , ordering it to pay unspecified damages to defendant Connie Barton .
Millions of women used Prempro and other HRT drugs up until 2002 , when the groundbreaking Women 's Health Initiative study found that taking the drugs significantly increased women 's risk of breast cancer and death from cardiovascular disease .
The risk was so striking that researchers called an early halt to the study out of concern for participants ' lives .
The drugs were -- and still are -- marketed to relieve the symptoms of menopause , such as hot flashes , mood swings and night sweats .
More recent research suggests that HRT drugs also increase women 's risk of dying from lung cancer .
Although Prempro was marketed by Wyeth , Pfizer assumed liability for Wyeth 's prior actions when it purchased the company in October .
According to Barton 's lawyers , Wyeth was aware of the risks of Prempro well before the release of the Women 's Health Initiative results , but made no efforts to withdraw the drug from the market or warn women or doctors of its effects .
" They knew back in the 1970s that these drugs had the potential to cause breast cancer , " said attorney Esther Berezofsky , " so they did n't have the studies done . "
When negative results began to emerge , Berezofsky said , Wyeth attempted to downplay them .
The jury agreed , ruling not only that Prempro had caused Barton 's case of invasive breast cancer , but that the drug company was to blame .
Before its acquisition , Wyeth also admitted to practices such as ghostwriting articles for publication in medical journals , promoting off - label ( unapproved ) uses of drugs and making lavish gifts to doctors .
Pfizer claims the company has since abandoned these policies .
The Barton case is only one of 9,000 Prempro- related lawsuits filed in the United States to date .
Of eight cases to go to trial , five have ended in " guilty " verdicts for the company .
Pfizer has appealed all five .
Sources for this story include : www.dailyfinance.com
My position has always been that insurance companies should n’t be left to their own rules - nor their own devices .
For the past 65 years , the health insurance industry has been operating with special immunity from anti-trust laws .
While this exemption may contribute to their profit margins , it ’s the patients and doctors who are ultimately forced to pay the price .
Enough is enough .
In Congress , I ’m proud to say that Democrats will soon introduce the Health Insurance Industry Anti-Trust Enforcement
Act – to finally ban price fixing , bid rigging and market collusion , once and for all .
Right now , insurance companies continue to rake in record profits , while consumer costs are skyrocketing .
Most states remain dominated by a small number of competing insurance firms .
Here in New Jersey , just two companies control 60 % of the market .
Even when states pass laws preventing the exemption , most insurance companies still simply continue to ignore them by citing federal law .
We must stop this double - standard and give patients a fair choice .
By creating more competition , we will lower prices and increase access to medical treatments that are often denied because they are not profitable for insurance companies to cover .
Healthcare should be about putting people first , not profits .
We must promote a fair playing field in the insurance industry and make certain they operate under the same rules as every other sector .
The sentiment I heard from leading voices in the medical profession was that we need to shine a light on the practices used to set rates .
Currently , federal regulators do not have the power to investigate anti-competitive tactics used by the industry to control the market , leaving patients and consumers vulnerable to exploitation at the hands of insurance companies and big business .
As President Obama ’s health care summit with Congressional leaders approaches , we must not forget the reasons why we began the process of reforming health care in the first place .
We must give a voice to those patients being denied much - needed care due to an obsession with profits on the part of fat cat insurance executives .
The profit driven mindset has severe consequences , such as private practitioners refusing to provide general care procedures like vaccinations just because insurance companies do n’t cover them .
This is unacceptable and needs to stop .
I will continue to work with leaders and medical experts to give patients the care they need and deserve .
Fair competition in the marketplace will keep the industry honest .
Even more importantly , it will cut down on medical costs for patients and their families .
Such reform all begins with breaking up the insurance monopolies by repealing McCarran - Ferguson .
Tokyo , Japan ( CNN ) --
The Buddhist religion has largely remained the same over the past few centuries , but a group of monks in Japan are spicing things up by turning to alcohol and rap music to lure in followers .
The monks are calling it Buddhism 2010 .
Kansho Tagai , who is a Buddhist monk , believes it 's time to change for the future and does n't mind if it means dropping the chants and bringing on the rap music .
Tagai also prefers to go by his street name -- Mr. Happiness .
Will religion soon be a thing of the past ?
Many argue that the Buddhist mantra is hard to understand , but if it 's interpreted in a modern way sung as a rap , then more young people might accept the Buddhist faith , according to Tagai .
" Getting the young people back to religion is key to Buddhism 's survival , " Tagai told CNN .
" In Japan , it 's a religion in crisis . "
Each year , hundreds of temples close in Japan and it's a similar struggle seen by other religions around the world .
The number of Christians in the U.S. fell by 11 percent in the course of one generation .
Another idea that monks hope will help get more young people involved is mixing faith with fun at something called the Monk Bar .
This modern day bar serves up alcoholic drinks while teaching the Buddhist mantra , according to Zenshin Fujioka .
" This is closer to what Buddhism was intended to be , " Zenshin said .
" Today 's temples are disconnected from the ordinary person . "
Like most monks , Zenshin is trained in an ancient language most Japanese do n't quite understand , but in a modern bar setting , the monks say the faithful talk at ease about their problems .
While many traditionalists may criticize both the Monk Bar and hip hop rapping styles , it seems their ideas are paying off .
" Twice as many people , especially the young , are now visiting the temple , " Tagai said .
" Other monks are even calling me up for advice . "
We ’d say so !
From $ 59 to $ 7,000 , if you want an Apple product , there ’s a pretty darn good chance you ’ll be able to pick something in your price range .
Simply brilliant .
Full size image link after the break …
Read
History Delmonico steak : a mystery solved By JOE O'CONNELL , Food Writer
First posted 25 August 2001 at 1525 GMT
Last updated 30 November 2003 at 1702 GMT NEW YORK , New York --
The Delmonico Steak is one of the most desirable and well - known steaks on the market .
It originated between 1840 and 1850 as the house cut at Delmonico 's Restaurant in lower Manhattan .
However , there is a problem with the modern name " Delmonico Steak " : no one seems to remember the exact cut of beef that was the original , authentic Delmonico Steak .
The problem is that the meaning of the Delmonico Steak changed over the years and from place to place .
More than 150 years after the Delmonico Steak was first offered to customers as the " best steak available " , the identify of that original cut has been lost .
Or has it ?
The name is regularly used today as a synonym for a club steak , a New York strip steak , a boneless rib - eye steak , and several other cuts , as described below .
So , what was the steak which was used originally at Delmonico 's restaurant ?
What is an authentic Delmonico steak ?
Different claims
Many authorities on steak make different claims about the identity of the authentic Delmonico Steak .
The name Delmonico Steak is used for many different cuts .
In fact , various authoritative sources assert that at least eight different cuts are the real Delmonico Steak !
Here are the eight different cuts which various authorities claim to be the original , authentic cut for the Delmonico Steak , starting with the cut closest to the beef 's head ( anterior ) and moving back ( posterior ) .
1 . Last boneless chuck - eye steak Bob Dugas owns Lakeside Meats in Carlsbad , New Mexico .
Bob is a real butcher and is one of Danny Gaulden 's meat suppliers .
Bob has researched the question and believes that the original , authentic Delmonico steak is the first 3 " steak cut from the chuck eye , where it joins the rib-eye ( i.e. the first steak cut from the extension anterior of the rib - eye ) .
Thus , according to Bob , there are only two Delmonico Steaks per beef carcass -- one per side .
The chuck eye steak has several other names : mock tender steak
chuck fillet steak
chuck filet steak
beauty steak
chuck tender steak
fish steak See the Cook 's Thesaurus on Beef Chuck .
2 . Any bone - in rib steak According the Fabulous Foods Cooking School , the Delmonico Steak is a bone - in rib steak ( not to be confused with the bone - in rib - eye steak , which is a different cut , as described below ) .
Made famous at Delmonico's Restaurant in New York , this is a large steak that is usually cut one rib thick and has a fair amount of marbling .
A bone - in cut , Delmonicos are usually between one and two inches thick .
Id .
3 . Any bone - in rib - eye steak Emeril Lagasse , the well - known chef who has started a chain of Delmonico Restaurants in several cities , refers to the Delmonico Steak as a bone - in rib - eye steak .
See his recipe for Delmonico's Dry Aged Rib - Eyes .
The CalBeef website agrees but says that the term is used both for the bone - in rib - eye steak as well as the bone - in top loin steak .
4 . First boneless rib -eye steak According to Art in Steaks , the Delmonico steak is the first cut ( nearest the chuck or front end ) of the boneless rib-eye : Delmonico is the eye of the rib ( called ``Rib - Eye " in meat circles ) .
It is known , generally , for its richness ; because of the greater quantity of fine fat grains -- especially in the outer part of the eye and especially when cut nearer to the chuck end .
Some people mistake this outer section for ``tail " or flank , but it is absolutely the sweetest and juiciest of beef eating ( in our opinion ) in the world .
Id .
5 . Any boneless rib -eye steak California 's Harris Ranch uses the term Delmonico steak for either a boneless rib - eye steak ( also called a fillet steak ) or a boneless top loin steak ( also called a strip , shell or club steak ) .
See Harris Ranch Popular Beef Cuts .
Prince Meat Company 's Entrees to Excellence also equates the Delmonico steak and the boneless rib - eye steak .
Chris Schlesigner , co-author of License to Grill , uses the term for a rib eye .
See his recipe for " Grilled Delmonico Steak Adobo " here and also here .
See also the BestBeef.com recipe for Delmonico .
Steven Raichlin , author of How to Grill , refers to the Delmonico steak as a rib - eye steak in a story entitled " Steak of the Union " .
Other sites , including restaurant websites , seem to use Delmonico steak as a synonym of the boneless rib - eye steak .
See , e.g. , Gallagher 's menu and many other restaurants that will be found with a routine web search of " Delmonico steak . "
In a telephone conversation on September 24 , 2001 at 3:45 PM PDT ( 2245 GMT ) , the manager of Delmonico 's Restaurant in New York City , Corrado , said that the Delmonico steak is a boneless rib - eye cut from any part of the rib -eye .
The Delmonico chef , Angelo Panageas , agrees .
Foodies.com tips says , " Delmonico " is a fancy name for ribeye .
You 'll find the word Delmonico more commonly in the Northeast ( the original Delmonico 's Restaurant was in NYC ) ; ribeye is the label of choice in the Southeast .
Id ( citing the National Cattlemen 's Beef Association source ) .
According to the official Canadian government 's food inspection website , Delmonico steak means a rib - eye steak .
Even Julia Child ( Child at 191 ) and Martha Stewart agree that the Delmonico Steak is a rib - eye cut .
Finally , the well - known barbecue site , Barbecuen.com , claims in " Meat Cuts & Tenderness " that the Delmonico steak is an ordinary rib - eye steak .
6 . First bone - in top loin steak According to the Culinary Cafe , the Delmonico steak is also called a club steak , but both names refer to Delmonico 's Restaurant and refer to the first cut of the bone - in top loin , adjacent to the rib section .
The steak is triangular , but smaller than a T - bone .
See the Culinary Cafe Glossary .
7 . Any bone - in top loin steak The Gourmet Emporium says , The Delmonico Steak is simply a New York Strip Steak with the bone left in , giving this already delicious steak an extra boost of flavor .
Id .
Similarly , the Gourmet Sleuth Guide to Beef Cuts says that the Delmonico Steak means either a bone - in top loin or a rib - eye .
The famous Pacific Dining Car Restaurant in Los Angeles agrees on its menu , saying that the Delmonico steak is a " turn - of - the - century favorite . . . a New
York strip steak with the bone still in for the sweetest taste of beef . "
See , also , the Official Pacific Dining Car website menu and the CitySearch Review here .
According to the authoritative Lobel 's butcher in New York , its " Beef : A Primer on Steaks " says : Club Steak --
Also called Delmonico , after the famed 19th century New York dining club that served this steak exclusively .
The club steak is rectangular in shape .
It is smaller than the T - bone but has the same large " eye " section with no tenderloin .
The club is cut from the short loin , next to the rib end .
This is a delicious and tender steak when properly cut .
When you buy a club steak , take a good look at the steak 's " eye . "
The meat should be fine in texture with delicate marbling .
If the meat seems coarse and contains fat chunks , you will know this is not the quality you want .
Id. Greg 's Quality Market http://www.mwt.net/~ghmahveh/has almost exactly the same description ( except only that the shape is described as triangular ) : Club Steak -- Sometimes called Delmonico , after the famed 19th century New York dining club which served this steak exclusively , the club steak is triangular in shape .
It is smaller than the T - bone but has the same large " eye " section with no tenderloin .
The club is cut from the short loin , next to the rib end .
When cut properly , this is a delicious and tender steak .
When you buy a club steak from a new butcher , take a good look at the steak 's " eye . "
The meat should be fine in texture with delicate marbling .
If the meat seems coarse and contains fat chunks , you will know it is not the quality you want .
Id . 8 . Any boneless top loin steak According to the FoodTV Encyclopedia for Delmonico Steak , the Delmonico steak is a boneless top loin steak , which is also called a New York strip steak and a Kansas City strip steak .
( With the bone in , it is usually called a club steak . )
InfoPlease article on food names agrees and says that the Delmonico steak is a boneless top loin , also called the New York strip and Kansas City strip .
See also the Learning Network .
The AllRecipes entry for Delmonico steak agrees , as does the Epicurious dictionary entry for Delmonico steak and the American Heritage Dictionary ( at Bartleby ) for Delmonico steak , but which also says that it is synonymous with club steak .
California 's Harris Ranch uses the term Delmonico steak for either boneless top loin steak ( also called a strip , shell or club steak ) or a boneless rib - eye steak ( also called a fillet steak ) .
See Harris Ranch Popular Beef Cuts .
Conclusion
An exhaustive analysis of authorities identifies eight cuts as being the cut used in the original , authentic Delmonico Steak .
None of these authorities is correct !
Our research of the historical record has found the identity of the original , authentic cut .
The original , authentic Delmonico steak
To resolve the question of which of these nine candidates is the original , authentic Delmonico steak , the two original masters themselves were consulted .
As described in a related story on the history of Delmonico 's Restaurant , Alessandro Filippini and Charles Ranhofer each served as chef de cuisine at Delmonico 's Restaurant in the 19th Century , and each was largely responsible for building the reputation of the restaurant as the finest in the United States and one of the finest in the world .
Filippini and Ranhofer each wrote a treatise on food preparation .
Filippini wrote The Table and The International Cook Book ( which were both written for the non-professional home cook ) , and Ranhofer wrote The Epicurean ( which was written for the professional chef ) .
Each author included recipes and described food preparation techniques from Delmonico 's Restaurant .
Filippini and Ranhofer provided the recipe for the Delmonico Steak , and their recipes are essentially the same .
Filippini's recipe Alessandro Filippini provides the recipe for the Delmonico Steak as Recipe Number 812 at page 233 of The International Cook Book .
Of the thousands of recipes in the this treatise and in The Table , Filippini gives only this recipe for Delmonico Steak , and this is the only recipe uses the word Delmonico for any kind of steak or beef dish .
812 . Delmonico's Steaks , Bordelaise Nicely trim and lightly flatten with a cleaver two tender sirloin steaks of one and a quarter pounds each .
Mix on a plate one teaspoon salt , half teaspoon white pepper , and a tablespoon oil and gently roll the steaks in the seasoning ; arrange on a broiler and broil on a brisk [ charcoal ] fire for eight minutes on each side .
Remove and dress on a hot dish .
Pour hot Bordelaise sauce , prepared as per [ Recipe ] No. 28 , over and serve .
Id at 233 .
It should be noted that the addition of the Bordelaise sauce changes the name from the basic Delmonico 's Steak to the " Demonico's Steaks , Bordelaise " ( which is given in the plural , because two sirloin steaks are used in the single recipe , because the recipe was designed as a single meal for guests ) .
Ranhofer 's recipe Ranhofer provides the recipe for the Delmonico Steak as Recipe Number 1375 at page 487 of The Epicurean .
Of the 3,500 recipes in the treatise , Ranhofer gives only this recipe , which uses the word Delmonico for any kind of steak or beef dish .
[ Recipe Number ] ( 1375 ) .
Delmonico Sirloin Steak of Twenty Ounces , Plain ( Bifteck de Contrefilet Delmonico de Vingt Onces , Nature ) .
Cut from a sirloin slices two inches in thickness ; beat them to flatten them to an inch and a half thick , trim nicely ; they should now weigh twenty ounces each ; salt them on both sides , baste them over with oil or melted butter , and broil them on a moderate fire for fourteen minutes if desired very rare ; eighteen to be done properly , and twenty - two to be well done .
Set them on a hot dish with a little clear gravy ( [ Recipe ] No. 404 ) or maitre d'hotel butter ( [ Recipe ] No. 581 ) .
Ranhofer at 487 .
Ranhofer follows this plain version of the Delmonico Steak with two others versions of the same steak which , like Filippini 's versions , are served with a different sauce : a la Perigueux and Spanish style .
It is clear from Ranhofer 's illustration , Fig. 311 , that the sirloin steak is boneless .
Ranhofer , Fig. 311 at 487 .
Because Ranhofer teaches the use of the finest ingredients , one may reasonably assume that the proper sirloin is the best available : a boneless , Prime - Grade , dry - aged , top sirloin ( IMPS 181A ) .
More information about this cut is available on the webpage about the nine different Sirloin Steaks .
Solution or another mystery ?
This should have laid to rest the controversy about which cut of beef is used in the original , authentic Delmonico steak .
But how is it that even Delmonico 's Restaurant in New York City -- even though the restaurant is not a real successor to the original Delmonico's -- how is it that this new Delmonico 's does not use the authentic cut for its Delmonico Steak ?
Is it possible that the solution above -- relying on the recipes of two of the restaurant 's great chefs de cuisine -- is not the correct solution , after all ?
How did this state of affairs come about ?
How is it that some many authorities claim that different cuts of meat are the authentic Delmonico Steak ?
Perhaps the mystery has not yet been solved , and there are two plausible and interesting theories .
Delmonico means merely " the best "
By 1868 , after the United States had recovered from the Civil War , the fame of Delmonico 's Restaurant ( or , more properly , restaurants , because by then there were four Delmoico 's Restaurant locations in New York ) continued to grow .
First by newspapers and then by the railroad and telegraph , the name and feats at Delmonico 's spread across the land .
For example , in 1873 , a wealthy importer prevailed on Lorenzo Delmonico and his famous chef , Charles Ranhofer , to spare no cost in giving a banquet that would be the talk of the world .
The was to be a carte blanche dinner , which meant that without limitation as to cost .
The affair was retold thus :
In Delmonico 's largest room an oval table was constructed , to seat seventy - five guests .
The table filled the entire floor space except for a passage just wide enough for the waiters to circulate .
The center of the table was a lake thirty feet long , landscaped with exotic plants , waterfalls , violet - bordered brooks , blossoming hillocks and grassy glades .
The lake was enclosed by a mesh of gold wire extending to the ceiling , and this formed a cage for several swans that glided upon the water ;
Tiffany had constructed the cage , and the swans were on loan from Prospect Park in Brooklyn .
Around the foot of the wire screen was an embankment of flowers to protect the diners from splashing when the swans now and then fought .
Over the lake were suspended golden cages containing songbirds .
The entire Delmonico's staff was summoned to admire this aquatic - gastronomic masterpiece , and the " Swan Dinner " went down in legend .
Thomas at 149 .
The name Delmonico had long before entered the general usage and become synonymous with " the best " .
Americans in Chicago , Denver , New Orleans and San Francisco , who had never seen and would never see much less dine at a Delmonico 's Restaurant , used with word with a full understanding of its meaning .
With this background , the theory may be explained .
It is very possible that patrons of restaurants across America asked their chefs for a " Delmonico Steak " , meaning by that that they wanted the " best steak in the house " .
Naturally , the chefs obliged their patrons ' requests , some with ribeye , some with top loin , others with tenderloin , and so forth .
This would explain the many different meanings , across the U.S. and across time , for Delmonico Steak .
One authority agrees
One authority who agrees with the foregoing is a butcher who is an authority on meat cuts .
Craig Meyer , who has been a meatcutter for more than 30 years and who maintains the Ask the Meatman FAQ , gives the following : Question :
What is the cut of beef that is called Delmonico Dteak ?
Do they cut these steaks any more and what should I ask for at the super market ?
Thank you .
Answer :
There are more than sixty different beef cuts in the meat case today .
Add in the fact that many cuts have several different names and the meat case can be very confusing .
And a steak may be labeled a certain name in one area of the U.S. , and the same labeled name in another area might be a completely different cut of steak .
In my area , Southeast Missouri , a Delmonico steak was a Boneless Top Sirloin beef steak .
In other parts of the country , a Delmonico was was a Bone - In Top Loin Steak ( cut from the short loin ) , or a Rib - Eye Steak ( cut from the rib ) .
So , unless you know if the Delmonico steak you have had before was cut from : the Short Loin , Sirloin , or Rib , it 's hard to tell exactly what you have eaten before as a Delmonico steak .
You could possible look at the above three choices labeled as such in the grocery 's meat case , and see if one of those " looked " like what you had before .
If so , then go with that one .
I know this was n't a quick easy answer , but there really is n't one .
But I hope this sets you out on the right path .
( Emphasis added . )
Id. Sirloin changed meanings
There is a second , plausible explanation for the fact that both Filippini's and Ranhofer 's recipes for the Delmonico Steak call for the " sirloin steak " yet modern authorities never use " sirloin steak . "
The explanation might be that the meaning of the word " sirloin " changed over the last hundred years , so that what Filippini and Ranhofer described as the " sirloin " is not what is known today as the " sirloin " .
In the French language , the word sur means above or over .
In beef , the long narrow tender muscle that runs along the inside of the rib cage on either side of the spine is called the tenderloin .
The following summarizes the theory of the meaning of the French sur :
In the 19th Century , the tenderloin muscle was called the loin ( in French , le loigne ) .
This was the name given to the entire area of cattle in the area of the lower back and , more particularly , to the muscle that ran along the inside of the rib cage on either side of the spine .
A long back muscle runs along the outside of the rib cage on either side of the spine .
Because this muscle was above the loin muscle , the French butchers and cooks called it the sur loigne , which translated into the English language as the similarly sounding sirloin .
Only later was this long back muscle subdivided into the chuck ( front shoulder ) , rib , top loin and sirloin portions .
Therefore , a 19th Century recipe that called for a " sirloin steak " did not refer to a modern sirloin steak but instead meant any steak taken from the entire length of the back muscle , including the chuck , rib , top loin and sirloin portions .
If the analysis concluded at this point , then the result would be that the Delmonico Steak means all eight or nine cuts , as claimed by the various authorities mentioned above !
All their claims would be correct , because the Delmonico Steak would mean the cut from any portion of the entire back muscle , from the chuck - eye , through the rib - eye and top loin , and including the modern - day sirloin cut .
Note that both Filippini and Ranhofer referred to sirloin steak in their books published between 1900 and 1910 , so that is the critical time period in which to determine if the word meant the entire back muscle or the modern - day sirloin .
Evidence supports of the theory that the word sirloin steak meant more than merely the modern usage .
That is in Filippini 's recipe for Entrecotes , in which he calls for the use of a " sirloin steak " .
See Recipe No. 1483 .
The modern word entrecotes is from the French words entre cotes , which means literally " between ribs " .
The entrecote cut is thus the rib steak ( with or without the bone ) .
Meaning of sirloin
The solution to the sirloin mystery nears .
Meaning and etymology According to the Oxford English Dictionary ( " OED " ) , the English word sirloin is derived from the French words sur loigne , which means " above the loin " .
OED .
According to the OED , sirloin means : 1 . The upper and choicer part of a loin of beef , used for roasting .
Id .
The OED provides early uses of the word which reflect the change in its spelling : 1525 -- serlyn
1554 -- surloyn
1559 -- surloyne
1718 -- surloin
1819 -- sir-loin
1836 -- sirloin
The OED explains the fictitious etymology variously stated in the following quotations : 1655 Fuller .
A Sir-loyne of beef was set before Him ( so knighted , saith tradition , by this King Henry VIII ) 1731 Swift .
But , pray , why is it called a Sir-loyn ?
Why , our King James First , being invited to dinner by one of his nobles , and seeing a large Loyn of Beef at his Table , drew out his sword and knighted it .
1822 Cook 's Oracle .
Sir -Loin of Beef .
This joint is said to owe its name to King Charles the Second , who dining upon a Loin of Beef , said for its merit it should be knighted , and henceforth called Sir-Loin .
Synonymous with top loin
The 19th Century meaning of sirloin included the entire top loin muscles , which runs from the modern cuts called chuck eye , through the rib - eye and top loin , and down to and including the sirloin .
Note that modern usage identifies the individual muscles of each cut of meat , but in the 19th Century , the entire bundle of related muscles were treated as one .
As an example of this usage , consider the Porterhouse Steak .
The Porterhouse includes the bone ( part of the spine and the riblet ) which separates the modern - day tenderloin muscle ( which is inside the rib cage -- or more precisely , inside the body cavity where the rib cage would be , if it extended that far down ) and the modern - day top loin ( which is outside the rib cage ) .
In modern usage , the Porterhouse does not include the sirloin -- the sirloin begins farther down .
With this background , consider the following excerpt from A Tramp Abroad , which was written by Samuel Clemens ( Mark Twain ) in 1894 : [ It was ] a mighty porterhouse steak an inch and a half thick , hot and sputtering from the griddle ; dusted with fragrant pepper ; enriched with little melting bits of butter of the most unimpeachable freshness and genuineness ; the precious juices of the meat trickling out and joining the gravy , archipelagoed with mushrooms ; a township or two of tender , yellowish fat gracing an outlying district of this ample country of beefsteak ; the long white bone which divides the sirloin from the tenderloin still in place .
( Emphasis added . )
Clemens Tramp at Chap. 49 , " Hanged with a Golden Rope . "
This shows that , in the 19th Century , the word sirloin meant or at least included the entire muscle which in modern usage is the top loin .
This also confirms the confusion in meat nomenclature , particularly before 1973 , when the National Live Stock and Meat Board recommended about 300 standard names be used for cuts of meat ( which were selected from thousands of regional names that confuse customers as to what they are getting ) .
Usage by Ranhofer
In his 1894 treatise The Epicurean , Ranhofer described many terms .
Ranhofer describes the use of only four major sections of beef : Fillet
Loin , Flat Bone
Loin , Hip Bone
Loin , Short Notice that he did not describe a separate section of meat called the sirloin , which is expected if at the time the word sirloin referred to a secion of beef and not just a cut .
Ranhofer at 21 .
Terms changed from then to now .
In modern usage , the Prime Rib refers to the best bone - in roast cut from the back ( posterior ) of the Rib Section , which is from the 6th to the 12th rib , inclusive , and which is in front of ( anterior ) to the Short Loin Section .
In the time of Delmonico 's Restaurant , however , Rahnofer wrote this about the Prime Rib : American roast beef is taken from the ribs ; sometimes seven ribs are served [ note that this corresponds with the modern usage , in which the Rib Section is comprised of seven ribs , being the 6th through the 12th , inclusive ] , but the piece containing six [ by which is meant the cut containing the 7th through the 12th ribs , inclusive ] is far more advantageous , while the four rib piece [ the 9th through the 12th ribs , inclusive ] , cut from the short loin is better still .
Ranhofer at 177-178 .
Note :
It is possible that Ranhofer included the 13th rib in the Prime Rib .
In this case , Ranhofer included either eight ribs in the entire rib section ( the 6th through the 13th ribs ) or seven ribs ( the 7th through the 13th ribs ) .
That is , the terms of beef sections and cuts have changed significantly between then and now .
Note : it can be inferred that , for Ranhofer , the Short Loin included three parts -- the Front Short Loin , the Middle Short Loin and the Back Short Loin -- and that , for Ranhofer , the Middle Short Loin was the same as the modern term for Short Loin .
Ranhofer at 481 .
Ranhofer called the Hip what modern usage calls the Sirloin .
Ranhofer at 472 .
In the 19th Century , there is no doubt that the sirloin meant the entire back muscle which begins at the ribs ( beginning with the modern Chuck Eye ) , proceeds through the ribs and loin ( through the modern Rib Eye and Top Loin ) , and ends in front of the hip ( and includes the modern Top Sirloin ) .
Recall that , in modern usage , the sirloin section is behind the short loin .
Consider the following usages from the 19th Century : Remove the sirloin from a piece of middle short loin . . . . Ranhofer at 482 .
Take a sirloin from a short loin . . . . Ranhofer at 484 .
The question is settled with Ranhofer 's discussion of how to cut a Porterhouse Steak .
The Porterhouse Steak is a bone - in steak cut from ( in modern terms ) the short loin and contains a piece of top loin and a piece of tenderloin .
But Ranhofer uses different terms : ( [ Recipe No. ] 1362 . )
Porterhouse Steak ( Bifteck d'Aloyau ) .
Select a good , fleshy middle short loin , the meat being pink and very tender .
Cut slices an inch and three - quarters thick , in the tenderloin and sirloin , sawing away the spine bone form the rib .
Cut off the fat and sinews , and trim it nicely to the shape of the accompanying [ illustration ] ; after trimming it should weigh two pounds and a quarter .
Ranhofer at 485 .
In modern terms , the steak would be described as cut " in the tenderloin and top loin " .
Delmonico Steak
In French , the word bifteck means steak .
The French word contrefilet meant sirloin in Ranhofer 's time , or top loin in modern usage .
Therefore , a bifteck de contrefilet in Ranhofer 's time was called a sirloin steak but in modern usage is called a top loin steak .
Now again consider Ranhofer 's recipe for the Delmonico Steak : [ Recipe Number ] ( 1375 ) .
Delmonico Sirloin Steak of Twenty Ounces , Plain ( Bifteck de Contrefilet Delmonico de Vingt Onces , Nature ) .
Cut from a sirloin slices two inches in thickness ; beat them to flatten them to an inch and a half thick , trim nicely ; they should now weigh twenty ounces each . . . . Ranhofer at 487 .
Both the words used by Ranhofer and the illustration given confirm the fact that the original , authentic Delmonico Steak , as served at Delmonico 's Restaurant in the 19th Century , was a boneless top loin .
About this , there can now be no doubt whatsoever .
In Ranhofer 's time , the sirloin included the entire back muscle which , in modern terms , would have included the chuck eye , rib eye , top loin and top sirloin .
However , the evidence shows that the Delmonico Steak was cut from ( in modern terms ) in back of ( posterior to ) the rib sectiona and in front of ( anterior to ) the cuts of the Porterhouse Steak .
This is supported by the following facts : Delmonico's Restaurant regularly served Prime Rib ( which , as shown above , is cut from the middle of , in Ranhofer 's terms , the sirloin ; and
Delmonico's Restaurant regularly served Porterhouse Steaks , which are cut from the back of , in Ranhofer 's terms , the sirloin , where it adjoins the tenderloin .
Using modern terminology , the Delmonico Steak is the steak which is cut between the end of the rib section and the first Porterhouse Steak .
In modern terms , this is the first ( anterior ) few inches of the Short Loin have no tenderloin .
When boneless , this Top Loin Steak is the original , authentic Delmonico Steak .
Finally , the analysis shows that there could have been an argument that the Delmonico Steak could have been cut from in front of ( anterior to ) ( in Ranhofer 's terms ) the Prime Ribs .
As shown above , this could mean that the Delmonico Steak was either ( in modern terms ) the last ( posterior ) chuck eye or the first ( anterior ) rib -eye .
Ranhofer 's words might allow either of these possibilities , but two facts negate it : First , Delmonico 's Restaurant served only the best of the best .
In the 19th Century , beef was not as good as today's , and the chuck eye steak and the rib - eye steak were not as tender or as flavorful as other cuts .
Ranhofer assuredly would not put the name of his restaurant on an inferior ( less tender and less flavorful ) cut .
Second , the entire issue is disposed by reference to Ranhofer 's illustration of the Delmonico Steak , which is clearly ( in modern terms ) a boneless top loin steak .
Ranhofer at 487 .
Conclusion
The long journey to trace the identify of the original , authentic Delmonico Steak has concluded .
The solution of the original mystery created another mystery , but all now is clear .
The original , authentic Delmonico Steak is not a bone - in steak .
It is not a chuck - eye steak , a rib - eye steak , a porterhouse steak , or a sirloin steak .
And it is not any boneless top loin .
These are great steaks , but none is the Delmonico Steak .
The historical fact is that the original , authentic Delmonico Steak is , in modern terms , the first boneless top loin steak cut from the front of ( anterior to ) the short loin .
Related information History of Delmonico's Restaurant
Delmonico Steak
Delmonico Potatoes
Delmonico bibliography
Police on Merseyside have had to ground their new drone over concerns it was being used illegally without a licence .
Merseyside Police said they had been unaware they needed a licence to fly the remote control helicopter , which is fitted with CCTV .
The Civil Aviation Authority ( CAA ) said it needed to be consulted over any use of the drones , that can fly up to 400ft and reach speeds of 30 mph .
The force 's drone was used last week to catch a car thief in thick undergrowth .
All unmanned aircraft , not just ones that weigh 15 lb ( 7kg ) or more , now have to be licensed to conduct aerial surveillance work after the law changed at the start of the year .
They need CAA permission to fly within 164ft ( 50 m ) of people and within 492ft ( 150 m ) of buildings .
The CAA said any breach in regulations , which came into force on 1 January 2010 , would be " treated seriously " .
A Merseyside Police spokesman said : " Since the force has known of the change in regulations all Unmanned Aerial Systems ( UAS ) flights have been suspended and will remain so until the appropriate licence has been granted . "
He added that the CAA had been invited to inspect the drone and see how they used it .
Thermal image
The air space regulator confirmed it was investigating the use of the drone by Merseyside Police and the force had stopped all drone operations .
A CAA spokesman said it had the powers to fine those who operated illegally , but said the investigation with the Merseyside force was only in its early stages .
The military - designed equipment is directed through a remote control , which is used by an officer on the ground .
The police force has had the drone since November and has said it could be used for a range of uses , from hostage situations to monitoring large public events .
Last week , officers said thermal images provided by the force 's drone led it to the first arrest it had been involved with .
A man was tracked down with the camera after he ran off from a stolen car .
The technology onboard the drone meant the officer using it was able to use live images of the suspect 's body heat .
The officer then directed patrols on the ground to where the man was hiding in undergrowth .
Two men were arrested and later bailed in connection to the theft .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Winner
Val Watham has been chosen as the BBC's Amateur Scientist of the Year , for her study on the science of fashion .
Find out more about Val 's experiment
Val 's fashion experiment on Facebook
The Finalists
All our finalists presented their results at Cheltenham Science Festival on June 16 2012 in front of a panel of judges and a live audience .
The runners - up were :
- Dara Djavan Khoshdel wanted to find out if the price of art correlates to our emotional response to the work .
- Val Watham investigated whether horizontal or vertical stripes are more flattering to wear .
- William Rudling is a caricaturist trying to discover whether people who look the same also sound the same .
- Izzy Thomlinson wanted to know why horrible noises affect some people more than others .
Brian Cox explains what makes a good experiment ...
Entries are now closed
DOM = Frame buffer
If you ’re writing a large - scale AJAX application , is it okay to write code like this ?
if ( jQuery ( " #file_menu " ) .is( " : visible " ) ) { ... }
No , it ’s not okay at all .
The problem is relying on the DOM to store your program ’s state .
We want to argue that , despite its tree structure , the DOM only encodes your application ’s output — and not its semantics .
Desktop Metaphor
Think about programming a desktop application .
Your program keeps track of state using objects in memory .
If you want to know whether your program is currently displaying a certain UI element , you do n’t check if Screen.getPixelColor ( 519 , 872 ) == " #000000 " .
Instead , you rely on objects in memory with the proper semantic structure , writing something like Menus.activeMenu == Menus .
FILE .
The most fundamental principle of elegant code is to write what you mean .
Do you ever really mean to know the value of a pixel on the screen ?
No , what you really mean to do is know which UI element is displayed .
That ’s why you build levels of abstraction into your programs , like the Menus object in the example .
If the programmer has intentions about menus , then the line of code should talk about menus .
This kind of proper abstraction is what separates the master programmers from the simple - minded “ get ‘ er done ” hackers .
Applying it to AJAX applications
Everyone understands why you should n’t rely on pixel values to store your program state .
But almost no one understands the analogous rule for AJAX applications :
Do n’t use the DOM to store your program state .
People are confused because the DOM ’s significance has done a 180 since the days of static web pages .
In the old days of static HTML and CSS , you would “ separate style from semantics ” by writing your HTML to manifest the semantic structure of your layout .
You would use nested tags to encode parent - child relationships between parts of your layout .
Then you would use style sheets to control the display logic — the non-semantic attributes of your layout .
In a modern AJAX application , your HTML and CSS have been demoted one level of abstraction .
What used to encode semantic structure + display logic , now only encodes display logic .
The structure that manifests your application ’s semantics is no longer the DOM , but rather , your JavaScript program and its state .
And that ’s why we say , DOM = Frame buffer .
It ’s just a location in memory that you output into .
Crimes against abstraction
Let ’s go back to the original crime against abstraction :
j Query ( " #file_menu " ) .is( " : visible " )
It should be rewritten as something like :
Menus.activeMenu == Menus .
FILE
See ?
You should talk about the abstract concept of an active menu , regardless of whether your display logic deals with pixels or the DOM .
Just because your grandfather ’s static pages used DOM trees to model layout semantics , it does n’t mean your AJAX application has to model its state by dumpster - diving into the display layer
Here ’s a good article from a while back in The Nation ( which I ’m mentioning now because I just recently saw it , thanks to the November Coalition listserv ) .
In these days , I ’m not surprised to see that it was written , [ ] but I am ( pleasantly ) surprised to see that it got published in a prominent place in an organ of the official Left .
In any case , it ’s right - on , and well worth reading .
Well , in the parts I have n’t crossed out , anyway .
The article was originally called Ten Things You Can Do To Reduce Incarceration , but , well , we ’ll see what becomes of that .
Here ’s the quibbles from along the way .
(0 ) Well .
If we were free to spend some of that $ 60,000,000 robbed out of our pockets on education , job training , healthcare , or any of the other infinite needs of civilized beings , that would indeed be something to imagine .
Unfortunately , I expect that the other means the special kind of “ we ” here ( the kind that means they , a political bureaucracy that ordinary people like you and me have no effective control over ) .
If they spend the money on government education , government job training , and government healthcare , I expect that it will work out as well as anything else government does at propping up big corporations , corralling kids against their will , and otherwise maintaining business - as - usual and the social and economic status quo .
Oh well .
(1) This really is an awesome idea , as far as it goes : if you have the opportunity to free an innocent drug - user or drug - dealer through jury nullification , of course I think you ought to take the opportunity .
But how often are you likely to get the chance ?
Given how narrow the context is , this is really important for the individual life you can save , but it ’s only going to be something that reduces incarceration in aggregate if it becomes part of a large - scale culture of non-cooperation with the state .
In which case ( 1 ) really just depends on the kind of cultural change discussed in the other points .
Anyway , call it half a thing you can do .
(5) Oh , come on .
Really ?
Of course , I agree that the government ’s crime policies are foolish and destructive .
But that ’s only a reason to go around voting for smarter politicians if voting for smarter politicians changed anything about crime policies or the War on Drugs .
Call me back when that starts working for you .
(9) There ’s nothing wrong with this proposal , as a procedural reform .
But it ’s not something you can do to reduce incarceration — changing government laws is something government could do .
But if you somehow managed to accumulate the political connections to make the government do what you want it to do , you probably are n’t the kind of person who cares about this sort of thing ; and for the rest of us , the you here is really just they , filtered through the illusion of democratic control .
In which case , this is something that they could do to reduce incarceration .
But of course there ’s no reason to expect that they will .
Anyway .
That done , with those items crossed out , this is a really solid list , and does a great job of stressing the importance of moving beyond stupid , stupidifying political reform campaigns , and encourages you to make a real difference for your own life and your neighbors ’ lives , by practicing solidarity on the ground , engaging positively with criminalized cultures and criminalized communities , refusing to collaborate with government cops and prosecutors , coming out of the closet , standing up for yourself and your neighbors , and generally working to shift the terms of the debate , to change the culture that fosters sado - statist mass incarceration , and the creation of positive alternatives that change the material condition faced by criminalized people , primarily by means of practical solidarity and person - to - person grassroots mutual aid .
Call it a solid seven and a half .
That ’s pretty awesome .
Unlucky Bounce Sinks Skier Into Deep Hole ( Video )
Callum Pettit has been labeled by some as a “ great up - and - coming talent ” in the world of extreme skiing .
Much of that is the result of his fortitude and willingness to take on some of the most daring lines that backcountry skiing has to offer .
However , those same attributes almost vanished him from the face of the earth , literally !
Some members of Callum ’s crew provided the details of a crazy ride that began with aspirations of taking on a 60 foot air , and ended 15 - feet deep in a giant crevasse .
As for everything in between , it includes a slightly miscalculated trajectory , a violent tomahawk roll , and an untimely left turn .
Put it all together and you get an unbelievable story ( with footage ) about one of the craziest backcounrty skiing adventures ever .
Hat Tip – [ WestWorld ]
Share This
For the first time in team history , Michigan will host a night football game at Michigan Stadium when it welcomes rival Notre Dame on Sept. 10 , 2011 .
New Michigan athletic director David Brandon made the historic scheduling announcement Thursday afternoon in Ann Arbor .
The 2011 game will kick off at 8 p.m. ET and be televised by ESPN or ESPN2 .
A few days ago , I reported on a hypocritical Republican policy initiative that would gut Medicare .
The Republican “ budget roadmap ” proposes severe cuts , rationing , and — who knows — maybe even death panels .
But to some Republicans , the problem with the new policy initiative to gut Medicare is that it does n’t go far enough .
Republican Michele Bachmann says that we have to kill Medicare by weaning everyone off of it :
And wean everybody off because we have to take those unfunded net liabilities off our bank sheet , we ca n’t do it .
So we just have to be straight with people .
So basically , whoever our nominee is , is going to have to have a Glenn Beck chalkboard and explain to everybody this is the way it is .
Meanwhile , the Democrats are trying to force a House vote on the Republican budget proposals , so that Republicans will either have to vote in favor of cutting Medicare , or vote against balancing the budget .
This is reminiscent of how the GOP forced Democrats to take stands on wedge issues back when the Democrats were in the minority .
Nationally , GOP leaders would prefer not to talk about their plans to kill Medicare .
So far , they have been able to get away with talking tough about balancing the federal budget ( to fire up their base ) , while at the same time hypocritically promising to preserve Medicare .
I guess they still think we are stupid .
Wall Street trading is often described as a blood sport .
But inside the great investment houses , the sport of the moment is , of all things , curling  that oddball of the Olympics that is sort of like shuffleboard on ice .
This slow - poke game , which originated in 16th - century Scotland , has captivated the Type - A world of Wall Street almost by accident .
CNBC , whose market chatter is the background music on trading floors , switches to curling from Vancouver shortly after the closing bell .
And so , after a day of braying for money in the markets , traders are winding down with curling .
It is , fans say , a bit of after - market therapy .
Curling is so slow and drawn out that it becomes mesmerizing .
“ It is like drinking merlot , ” said Douglas A. Kass , the president of Seabreeze Partners , who got hooked on Olympic curling a few years ago via CNBC .
Privacy advocates , though , are troubled by the array of video cameras , motion detectors and other sensors monitoring the nation ’s shopping aisles .
Many stores and the consultants they hire are using the gear not to catch shoplifters but to analyze and to manipulate consumer behavior .
And while taping shoppers is legal , critics say it is unethical to observe people as if they were lab rats .
They are concerned that the practices will lead to an even greater invasion of privacy , particularly facial recognition technology , which is already in the early stages of deployment .
Companies that employ this technology say it is used strictly to determine characteristics like age and gender , which help them discover how different people respond to various products .
But privacy advocates fear that as the technology becomes more sophisticated , it will eventually cross the line and be used to identify individual consumers and gather more detailed information on them .
“ I think it is absolutely inevitable that this stuff is going to be linked to individuals , ” said Katherine Albrecht , founder of Consumers Against Supermarket Privacy Invasion and Numbering , an advocacy group .
Image Retailers say watching customers helps them improve stores , but privacy advocates are troubled .
Credit ... Brian Harkin for The New York Times
Some degree of privacy , experts say , is necessary as a matter of decency .
“ When someone ’s watching me , I ’m going to act differently than when I think I ’m alone , ” Ms. Albrecht said .
“ Did I pick my nose ?
What was I doing ?
What did they see ? ”
Some native religious groups in the South Pacific hope to recreate WWII 's influx of material goods .
by Brian Dunning
Filed under Ancient Mysteries , Religion
Skeptoid Podcast # 199
March 30 , 2010
Podcast transcript | Subscribe
Also available in Czech
Listen :
https://skeptoid.com/audio/skeptoid-4199.mp3
It was a beautiful day on Planet 4 of System 892 when Kirk , Spock , and McCoy materialized .
McCoy took in the surroundings and expressed the thought so many of us have had : " Just once I 'd like to be able to land someplace and say : ' Behold , I am the Archangel Gabriel . ' "
It sounds like a fun joke , but take it seriously for a moment .
As the characters opined in another episode when they encountered a godlike being :
To the simple shepherds and tribesmen of early Greece , creatures like that would have been gods ...
Especially if they had the power to alter their form at will and command great energy .
In fact , they could n't have been taken for anything else .
And now let 's take these Star Trek references and see how they apply to real life ; in particular , and in an extraordinary segue , to the tropical islands of the South Pacific .
What happens when you mix native populations with modern visitors ?
In some cases , what 's happened has been a curious religious phenomenon known as " cargo cults " .
If you 've heard of cargo cults before — and a lot of people have not — the version that you heard probably goes something like this .
During WWII in the Pacific theater , Allied troops landed on islands throughout the South Pacific , bringing with them food , medicine , Jeeps , aircraft , housing , electricity , refrigeration , and all manner of modern wonders that the native populations had never seen before .
But then the war ended and the troops went home , leaving just a few scraps behind .
The natives , in a demonstration of Arthur C. Clarke 's third law which states " Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic , " concluded that such a windfall must have come from the gods .
They wanted this wealth of cargo to return .
And so they did what seems logical from a stone - age perspective : they set about to recreate the conditions under which the gods and their cargo had come .
They cleared paths in the jungle to resemble airfields .
They wore scraps of military uniforms .
They made " rifles " out of bamboo and marched as they had seen the soldiers march .
And always they kept their eye on the sky , hopeful that the gods observed their preparations and would soon return with more cargo .
On some islands , particularly the New Hebrides ( now called Vanuatu ) , these gods were personified in John Frum , an apocryphal American serviceman , according to the most popular version of the tale .
John Frum is symbolized by a red cross , probably inspired by that painted on the sides of ambulances during the war .
To this day , a surviving core of the John Frum Movement dresses in imitation WWII uniforms and celebrates February 15 as John Frum Day , in a plaza marked with a red cross and an American flag .
They predict that on this day , John Frum will eventually return , bringing all the material goods of the modern world with him .
In the words of one village elder :
John promised he 'll bring planeloads and shiploads of cargo to us from America if we pray to him .
Radios , TVs , trucks , boats , watches , iceboxes , medicine , Coca - Cola and many other wonderful things .
The story of John Frum is sometimes erroneously confused with Tom Navy .
Tom Navy was probably an actual person , possibly Tom Beatty of Mississippi , who served in the New Hebrides both as a missionary , and as a Navy Seabee during the war .
Tom Navy is more of a beloved historical character associated with peace and service , whereas John Frum is regarded as an actual messiah who will bring wealth and prosperity .
The popular version of the John Frum story may seem a little whimsical .
It 's actually quite oversimplified and misstates the actual causes and motivations behind what happened .
This particular cargo cult has deeper roots that have pulled directly on the heartstrings of much of the population .
It goes all the way back to the early 18th century , long before anyone thought of WWII or American servicemen .
At that time , the New Hebrides were an unusual type of colony called a condominium , jointly administered by both the British and the French .
Among the early colonists were Scottish Presbyterian missionaries , who took a dim view of the uninhibited native lifestyle .
On the island of Tanna beginning around 1900 , at which time there was no meaningful colonial government , the missionaries imposed their own penal system upon the natives , a period called Tanna Law .
Many of the traditional practices were banned , including ritual dancing , polygamy , swearing , and adultery .
They also required observation of the Sabbath .
But perhaps their most inflammatory prohibition was that of the traditional practice of drinking kava by the men .
Those who violated these rules were convicted by the missionaries and sentenced to hard labor .
So it was a population in dire need of a saviour to whom John Frum first appeared , and he did so in the 1930's .
By most contemporary accounts , John Frum was a native named Manehivi who donned Western clothes ; only in later versions of the story did he become an American serviceman .
John Frum advocated a new lifestyle that was a curious mixture of having your cake and eating it too .
He promised that if the people followed him , they could return to their traditional ways , but he would also reward them with all the material goods that the missionaries had brought .
And so this is what the majority of the islanders did :
The missionaries were suddenly ignored and found themselves vastly outnumbered by a population who took renewed interest in all their previous freedoms .
Colonial authorities were summoned and leaders of the movement , including several chiefs , were arrested and imprisoned in 1941 , introducing a new and culturally powerful element into the situation : martyrdom .
And then , an extraordinary thing happened .
World War II descended upon the Pacific .
The New Hebrides were flooded with Westerners .
Food , medicine , Coca - Cola , and money were showered upon the natives .
Many islanders were recruited as laborers and paid ( relatively ) lavishly .
Life was rich with both traditional freedoms and material wealth .
John Frum 's promise had been miraculously fulfilled .
And so it 's clear that the John Frum Movement has more to it than just a silly superstition that if you build something that looks like a dock out of bamboo , supply ships will come streaming in .
That 's how cargo cults are often portrayed , and it 's really not a fair description .
The people were going through genuine oppression , a man stepped up and promised freedom , and he delivered in spades .
That actual fulfillment of prophecy , though it was merely a fortuitous coincidence , is still more than a lot of other religions can claim .
So it does make a certain amount of sense that today 's members of the John Frum Movement still look out to sea , and to the sky , waiting for their bounty .
As one modern chief explained :
John was dressed in all white , like American Navy men , and it was then we knew John was an American .
John said that when the war was over , he ’d come to us in Tanna with ships and planes bringing much cargo , like the Americans had in Vila .
Historians have not made much progress trying to find the origins of the name John Frum .
One interesting explanation is that " frum " happens to be the pijin pronunciation of broom , as in sweeping the white people off the island .
It 's also likely that there was an actual person in the islands with a German last name of Fromme or Frumm , and Manehivi could have adopted his name .
Another possibility is that it's a simple contraction of " John from America " .
Cargo cults have appeared many , many times , and were not all centered around WWII .
One of the earliest known cargo cults grew on the Madang Coast of Papua New Guinea , when the pioneering Russian anthropologist Nicholas Miklouho - Maclay stayed there for some time in the 1870's , bringing with him gifts of fabric and steel tools .
A hundred years later , a group formed on the island of New Hanover , and believed that if they could acquire American president Lyndon Johnson and install him as their king , cargo would come along with him .
They rebelled against the Australian authorities , formed their own government , put together a budget , and offered to purchase Lyndon Johnson from the United States for $ 1,000 .
Their price was probably naïve , but just think what would have happened had Johnson accepted :
Their plan probably would have worked better than they ever imagined .
The blending of Christianity with native superstitions sometimes caused some interesting problems .
During WWII , some Australian groups grew concerned with what they saw as the sacrilegious inclusion of cargo cult principles with Jesus in Papua New Guinea .
An educated New Guinean official named Yali , who had been on good terms with the missionaries , was employed by the Australians to travel around and try to dispel cargo cult mythology .
After the war , Yali was rewarded with a trip to the Australian mainland , where he saw three things that greatly disturbed him , and caused him to rethink his work of the past few years .
The first was the obvious wealth of the Australians compared to New Guinea .
The second was a collection of sacred New Guinea artifacts on display at the Queensland Museum , which he began to suspect had been stolen by the Australians and resulted in their great accumulation of material goods .
The third , and perhaps most influential , was exposure to the theory of evolution .
This led Yali to conclude that the Australian missionaries , who had promoted the story of Adam and Eve , had been lying to him .
Taken altogether , Yali reflected that he had been right to preach the separation of Christianity and cargo cults , but that he'd been on the wrong side .
And so while cargo cults may seem , at first glance , like quaint stone age ignorance , they 're actually not entirely irrational .
They 're certainly naïve and based on a fallacious confusion of correlation and causation , but to give their believers some credit , they 're doing their best to make sense of what they 've been given .
Where this belief system fails them , quite obviously , is that it replaces the need to work hard to achieve goals with the belief that faith will provide .
This is the lesson that would best serve the believers , and it's the same lesson that missionaries and social workers should pay the most attention to .
Rather than smiling at their funny little religion , or trying to replace it with another , we should instead give them the tools they need to create their own wealth of cargo .
By Brian Dunning
Follow @BrianDunning
The Congressional Budget Office on Tuesday called the U.S. budget outlook " bleak , " in a forecast that hurts the chances for extending Bush - era tax cuts and raises pressure for fiscal belt - tightening .
In its annual report , the nonpartisan CBO pegged the 2010 U.S. budget deficit at $ 1.35 trillion , a slight decrease from the $ 1.4 trillion 2009 deficit that set a post - World War II record .
The ...
Wayne Bridge is so " devastated " by the scandal surrounding his former Chelsea team - mate John Terry he does not know whether he will even be able to shake hands with him when they play against each other this weekend .
Bridge is considering pulling out of England 's World Cup plans because he cannot bear the thought of spending so long with a man he now regards as a sworn enemy .
Bridge has been described as " in bits " by close acquaintances after the revelation of Terry 's affair with his former partner , Vanessa Perroncel , and the Manchester City left - back is sufficiently aggrieved to consider snubbing Terry in the official line - up before the teams meet at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .
The former Chelsea player feels irreparable damage has been caused to his relationship with someone he once considered a trustworthy friend .
His team - mates at City , as well as his representatives and other friends , have urged him to put on a dignified front but Bridge has told them that he is not certain whether he will be able to in what promises to be an unforgiving atmosphere .
The tensions have obvious ramifications for Fabio Capello ahead of a World Cup in which Bridge could conceivably line up alongside Terry in defence in the wake of Ashley Cole fracturing his ankle .
England play Egypt in a friendly on Wednesday and Bridge is said to be " unsure " as yet whether he can actually bring himself to join up with the national squad if it means being in close proximity to Terry .
" People have been trying to persuade him to shake Terry 's hand , even if he does n't want to , because the alternative is that he loses some of the moral high ground , " said a source close to the player last night .
" But the fact is he simply thinks he cannot go through with it or that he would be lying to himself if he pretended everything was OK . "
The source added : " He does n't want to give up the chance of going to a World Cup but the simple fact is that the last few weeks have torn him apart .
He is genuinely devastated and he is in that bad a state of mind he does n't know whether he wants to go [ to South Africa ] , especially if Ashley Cole is fit again and it means he will spend four or five weeks not even getting into the team . "
Bridge is not a naturally confrontational person and it is understood there has been no contact between him and Terry since the tabloid revelations that led to Capello stripping the Chelsea player of England 's captaincy .
Capello has said Bridge will be included when he names his squad on Saturday for the Egypt friendly and the sense of those closest to the player is that he does not want to walk away from the chance of replacing Cole .
However , it has been stressed that there are no guarantees while Bridge feels so strongly .
At the very least , it seems likely that Capello will have to tackle the issue if the two players are to be expected to form half of England 's defence but , as yet , the Italian has not contacted either Bridge or his representatives .
Capello spoke briefly to Roberto Mancini , City 's manager , after watching them play Stoke City at Eastlands two weekends ago but Bridge was mentioned only in passing .
Egypt has experienced many clashes over the years between its Muslim majority and Christian minority , and has always insisted that the conflicts were driven by something  anything  else .
A land dispute , a personal grudge , a crime for profit .
The official narrative is that these are singular , unrelated crimes .
That is the case since the shooting .
Three people were arrested for the attack , which killed six Christians as they left church ( Coptic Christians celebrate Christmas on Jan. 7 ) and a Muslim guard .
“ The crime of Nag Hammadi is just an individual crime with no religious motives , just like the crime of raping the girl , ” Ahmed Fathi Sorour , the Parliament speaker , said in Al Ahram , a state - owned newspaper .
But local people , commentators , members of Parliament , Christian and Muslim alike , say that the government ’s narrow view of the shooting ignores an underlying tension that is roiling society all across Egypt , where an estimated 10 percent of the population of about 80 million is Christian .
No matter the gunman ’s motive , the attack and subsequent clashes and riots have underscored the religious divide .
“ Those calling it an individual crime were not able to explain until now why there was shooting on a group of people leaving church at the time of a big religious celebration , which left six Copts dead , ” wrote Salama Ahmed Salama , who is in charge of the editorial board of Shorouk , a daily independent newspaper .
“ And what was the real motive , especially that the man who committed the crime is among the thugs and hit men , and not from the religiously extreme ? ”
Nag Hammadi is a city of about 50,000 , 40 miles north of Luxor , site of the famed Valley of the Kings .
It is a commercial center that hugs the Nile , where the river is wide and the horizon framed by sand - colored cliffs .
The streets bustle with taxis , horse - drawn carriages and fruit peddlers .
The skyline is pierced by minarets and church towers .
About 10 percent of the city is Christian .
Spirits :
How do you describe vodka ?
They look identical ; would they taste different ?
( Jason Wilson )
On Tuesday , I attended an eight - hour " sensory analysis workshop , " hosted by Absolut vodka at the Swedish embassy , along with a dozen or so members of the D.C. Craft Bartenders Guild , among them Adam Bernbach ( Proof ) , Gina Chersevani ( PS 7's ) , Clinton Terry ( PX ) , Dan Searing ( Room 11 ) , Chantal Tseng ( Tabard Inn ) and Jason Strich ( Rasika ) .
I admit , I was skeptical .
A lot of craft bartenders have taken a dim view of vodka in the past , as have I .
What sort of assault on the senses might happen that would last eight hours ?
Would we be tied to chairs and made to sniff herring and listen to Abba at high volume until we finally cracked and declared , on captured video , that we loved vodka ?
Even our host , Simon Ford of Pernod Ricard , sheepishly admitted that “ for the last seven years I ’ve been telling people not to drink vodka ” during his work as brand ambassador for Plymouth gin .
But all that has changed , he assured us .
Grant Achatz 's deconstructed Martinez . ( Jason Wilson )
The afternoon began with a sensory - experience Absolut propaganda video during which we wore goggles and were sprayed with water and crushed ice and aromas of such elements as rye bread .
The evening ended with a 10 - course vodka pairing menu performed by Grant Achatz , the avant - garde , molecular - gastronomical guru of Alinea in Chicago .
We were served a Bloody Mary you could eat , then two atomizers ( one with lemon and one with anise ) that we were instructed to spray into a shot of vodka , and then a deconstructed Martinez cocktail in which a foam of vermouth and maraschino was served on half a cherry .
At one point , a fire alarm went off , and a robotic voice urged us to leave the building .
Everyone just sat there for a moment , because some of us truly thought this must be some sort of weird molecular gastronomic sensory exercise for the next course .
But no , the security guards came in and told everyone we actually had to evacuate the embassy .
Luckily , it was a false alarm and we returned to finish the meal 10 minutes later .
This is how it always goes in the spirits industry : A lot of extraneous packaging — fluff — that tends to obscure what ’s really important , the liquid in bottle .
Yet we did manage to get beyond the fluff .
The essential part of Absolut ’s sensory analysis day camp got at the heart of two questions that nag at vodka , defined by the U.S. government as a “ flavorless ” and “ odorless ” neutral spirit .
Those questions : 1 ) What really is the flavor of vodka ?
2 ) How in the world does one describe this flavor ?
“ We need to find a language for vodka , ” said Per Hermansson , director of sensory analysis at Absolut , who guided us through a technical tasting of six key flavor elements : neutral , grainy , bready , fruity , buttery , solvent .
Then we did a technical tasting of 12 vodka brands , examples of the different raw ingredients used in vodka production : wheat , potatoes , rye , corn and grapes .
Of course , there was a marketing narrative , and Hermansson is probably not a champion poker player .
There was an obvious bias in favor of so - called “ clean ” and “ pure ” vodkas ( like , um , Absolut ) and against potato vodkas that are funkier with more idiosyncratic and bold flavors ( including one Swedish vodka in particular that was created by the former Absolut team ) .
He described another potato vodka , Chopin , as tasting “ like corked wine , ” which I disagree with .
Hermansson also slyly suggested that a lot of Russian vodkas are “ rounded , ” meaning sugar is added after distillation , which often can leave a drier finish ( he called it “ bitter ’ ) .
As good old Nietzsche once said : “ All of life is a dispute over taste and tasting . ”
Still , the session was mostly free - thinking , and spending a couple hours thinking about 12 vodka brands really did hammer home major differences in vodkas : the richer , berry notes of a grape - based vodka like Hangar One ; the bready , spicy , white pepper of Belvedere ; the fruity , light body of Stolichnaya ; the creamy , wheaty , high - octane Absolut 100 .
It was a significant and valid notion to explore : Vodkas are all different and have their own personalities , just like whiskeys and tequilas and vermouths .
Those of us who ’ve dived deeply into cocktail and spirits in the past few years would do well to remember this , and not just generally lump all vodkas together and dismiss them .
After the technical tasting , there was further discussion about “ communicating flavor ” and how to describe vodka , led by a mixologist from Bamboo London named Simon Weston .
We were given a glossary of about 200 terms to describe vodka , from " acerbic " to " zesty . "
Of course , the difficulty of communicating flavor became immediately apparent as Weston described one cocktail we sipped as having “ delivery ” from aromatics to aftertaste .
I consulted my glossary : “ Delivery :
In cricket this describes the act of bowling the ball . ”
Cricket ?
I wonder how that description would play on a U Street cocktail menu .
-- Jason Wilson
PPC banner ads design , 10 read must key points .
Thinking to lunch a full blast campaign in Google Adwords or any other banner advertisement product ?
Wait No rush , read the below 10 key points .
(1) Keep the design simple but interesting .
It is not necessarily true that people do not read ads .
People love creative ads .
You only have a few seconds to impress a potential customer through your banner , so do n’t lose them right from the start by having an over the top , complicated advertising banner .
(2) Keep your wording short and simple .
You only have few seconds to grab attention of the viewer , so those short and simple words must be able to make them understand about your service or product .
(3) Give people a reason to click : Mainly viewers will only respond to a compelling proposition , they react favorably to banners that provide them a chance to win something .
A banner where they can get something for free or a special discount also gets high click rates .
(4) Provide a call to action .
You have to make sure , you are asking your potential customer to “ Click Here ” or “ Submit ” for more information .
(5) Target your ads :
If you are looking for graphic designers for a site catering fonts , a SEO professional who clicks on your banner is less relevant to you .
A campaign targeted to a specific audience is likely to return better results .
A targeted campaign is geared to a specific audience , be it a certain demographic group or people working in a specific industry .
(6) Use enticing words with eye catching font .
Everyone likes to get something for free , so if you are offering it , throw in the words “ Free ” or “ Special Offer ” to increase the CTR on your banner ad design .
If you use fewer words , you can use a bolder , larger font .
If you must use more than one font , use two at the most .
(7) Choose images creatively ; use only bright / rich images :
Using bright images will help attract attention , however , be careful not to use irrelevant images to your service or business .
(8) Test your banner ads before going to full blast campaign :
No rush , before shooting the banner ad campaign , upload the banner in a page with other contents and images , and share the link through twitter or facebook , and see the reaction .
(9) Do not be misleading , wrong message wo n’t help you to get business :
In order to make advertisement tempting , some people show something that has nothing to do with what they are selling just to grab a viewers ’ attention .
Do n’t do that .
Make sure your banner ad design portrays the truth .
( 10 ) Do n’t just send them to your home page :
If the banner ad does n’t carry the viewer ( clicker ) through to the product landing page , it ’s pointless .
Always use a cleverly designed killer landing page so that none of your potential customer get chance to escape .
Well , if you think these points make sense or should I have to add some more points ?
Just leave a comment below , I value your comments .
And ,
If you need any assistance or help to create effective PPC banner ads , please feel free to get in touch with me .
Photo : Joe Guitar
Opposition MPs are calling on the House Speaker to rule that the government violated parliamentary privilege in refusing to hand over uncensored documents on the transfer of Afghan detainees .
New Democrat MP
Jack Harris says three ministers should be found in contempt of Parliament if all unredacted documents are not handed over to the Afghanistan committee within 30 days of an instruction from the Speaker .
(( Adrian Wyld / Canadian Press ) ) Liberal MP Derek Lee , NDP defence critic Jack Harris and Bloc Québécois MP Claude Bachand argued in the House on Thursday morning that the Conservatives ' refusal to abide by a House order to hand over the documents flies in the face of parliamentary rights and traditions .
" If we do n't stand up , efforts to undermine our constitution will have succeeded , " Lee said .
Harris put forth a point of privilege calling for Defence Minister Peter MacKay , Justice Minister Rob Nicholson and Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon to be found in contempt of the House if all unredacted documents are not handed over to the Afghanistan committee within 30 days of the Speaker 's instruction .
The opposition has accused Prime Minister Stephen Harper of proroguing Parliament for six weeks in an attempt to thwart a special Commons committee 's probe into allegations of torture of detainees transferred by Canadian soldiers into Afghan custody , as well as silence questions over what the government knew of the allegations and when it learned about them .
The government has maintained it can't hand over unredacted documents because of national security , but recently appointed retired Supreme Court justice Frank Iacobucci to review the material and provide a report .
On Thursday , deputy government whip Tom Lukiwski told the House the government is taking " unprecedented measures " by appointing Iacobucci and doing everything possible to comply with the order and keep MPs " well informed " of its efforts .
He also argued the Dec. 10 House order contains no provision for privacy or security , which he said means the material would now be in the public domain if the government had complied .
Documents solution a ' difficult challenge ' : Rae
Liberal MP
Bob Rae took issue with Lukiwski's contention that the House was demanding the documents be released publicly in their entirety .
" We are looking for a solution to what is without question a difficult challenge , " Rae later told reporters outside the House .
" That is to say , how do we find a solution which deals with the concerns about security and secrecy and at the same time , respects the privileges of the House of Commons ? "
Speaker Peter Milliken said he will consider the opposition motions after he hears from the responsible ministers .
On the weekend , the government released Iacobucci 's terms of reference , which included making recommendations as to what information , if disclosed , would compromise national security ; deciding whether disclosing information for the purpose of public interest outweighs the purpose of non-disclosure , and whether any information is subject to solicitor - client privilege .
This browser does not have a Java Plug -in .
Get the latest Java Plug - in here .
Everything that the government has done so far , with a few minor detours , has been almost exclusively focused on maintaining home prices high , by tweaking either the supply or the demand side of the housing equation .
As the bulk of consumer net wealth is concentrated in the housing sector , and a wealthy and confident consumer , much more so than the banking system , is critical to the recovery of America 's economy , the Administration will do everything in its power to achieve its goal of artificially manipulating the housing market , thereby not causing an incremental loss of wealth to those still stuck with overpriced houses , while the real intersection of actual supply and demand curves would indicate a materially lower equilibrium price .
This is ironic , as proper price discovery is critical for a true recovery , since Americans realize all too well that buying a house at prevailing levels in advance of the second down - leg in housing is senseless , the continued pursuit of such flawed policies by the Fed and President Obama merely pulls the market ever further away from its equilibrium , thereby making the anticipated second dip so much more likely and not that far off in the distant future .
Below are 5 simple charts the highlight just how precarious the housing situation in the U.S. is , and how likely the second , and probably much more fierce , leg down in the markets is going to be .
A bearish report by CIBC [ fn ] U.S. Housing - A Double Dip ; Benjamin Tal and Meny Grauman , January 28 [ / fn ] captures precisely the highly unstable system that U.S. housing has become , and deconstructs it along the five key axes of weakness which while individually may be controllable to a degree , combined represent a recipe for disaster .
CIBC 's main sources of concern arise from :
Short - lived remedies ; used by the administration to prevent further price deterioration ( tax - credits ) ; Shadow Inventory ; in reality when accounting for the surging shadow inventory which very few dare talk about , the total number of available unit sdouble to over 8 million , representing a record high 16 months of supply .
Strategic defaults ; the amount of households with negative equity is roughly 10 million or about 20 % , in 2009 25 % of all foreclosures were strategic ; as populist anger against banks accelerates look for strategic defaulits to keep rising Quantitative Easing expiring ;
This needs no introduction : the sole reason why mortgage rates have been as los as they have , has been due to the Fed 's constant manpulation of the MBS market via the $ 1.4 trillion MBS / Agency QE purchase program .
With this program set to expire in 2 months , rates are set to explode .
House Prices are already entering a double dip ; Previously we discussed the Case Shiller NSA home price index number which indicated that a double dip in prices has already commenced .
A positive feedback loop will only lead to further deterioration here
Analyzing CIBC 's factors one by one :
Short - lived remedies
During the past year in which the program has been in effect , sales of existing homes have climbed by 15 % , while new home sales have actually dropped by 5 % .
In fact , the usually stable sales ratio between the two has more than tripled , recently hitting a record high 18 ( Chart 1 ) .
But after being extended once by the Obama Administration , this tax credit will expire at the end of April — putting downward pressure on demand for existing home sales .
That prospect will make it more difficult to clear out the next wave of foreclosures , prompting another down leg in US house prices .
Shadow Inventory
the risk of a double dip in US home prices is not simply the result of properties being sold at “ fire - sale ” valuations , but also due to a deluge of shadow inventory coming onto the market .
Although conventional inventories are trending lower , shadow inventories , capturing seriously delinquent and bank - owned properties , are just as large .
There are close to two million mortgages that are more than 90 days delinquent , and nearly all of these will end up in foreclosure , given that over the past three years the “ cure rate ” of this category fell from 40 % to less than one percent .
Add to that the 2.3 million properties that are in foreclosure or already seized by banks , and total inventories ( conventional and shadow ) are now running at over 8 million units ( Chart 2 ) .
At current sales rates , that adds up to a record high 16 months of supply .
True , this “ shadow ” stock will not hit the market all at the same time as banks manage their supply of seized properties , but this constant flow is likely to keep markets depressed for a while .
Strategic Defaults
A big part of the problem is a still weak labour market , which has left a record 15 million Americans unemployed and another 9 million underemployed for economic reasons .
However , just as significant is the roughly 10 million households in a negative home equity position of worse than - 20 % , for whom strategic default - failing to pay when one could - is a very real option .
While negative equity is a necessary but not sufficient condition for default , it ’s a clear risk ; out of the 2 million or so foreclosures in 2009 , roughly 25 % were strategic ( Chart 3 ) .
Quantitative Easing
It ’s not just inventories and tax credits that are looming large over the housing market , but also interest rates .
Aggressive central banks ’ rate cuts along with large amounts of agency MBS purchases by the Federal Reserve have lowered mortgage rates by over 100 bps since the height of the financial crisis .
That spurred a refinancing boom , which , according to First American Corelogic , saved $ 2.3 billion in mortgage payments — a roughly 10 % reduction — in 2009 alone .
Although we do n’t expect policymakers to raise the fed funds rate until 2011 , mortgage rates have already started to head higher , and could keep climbing towards the end of the first quarter when the Fed ’s $ 1.25 trillion agency MBS purchase program is completed .
Those purchases made up almost 50 % of all MBS issuance last year , and despite the improvements in the securitization market , their absence will likely have a material impact on rates ( Chart 4 ) .
Price Double Dip
In the final analysis , the end of unprecedented government tax support for housing , along with the looming overhang of supply and a higher cost of borrowing will keep new home building activity trudging along at historic lows over the next two years and could see prices drop again by 5 - 10 % ( Chart 5 ) .
And there you have it : the best that the government can hope for is to extend and pretend , and to avoid presenting the sad but very simple reality to the American public .
Because lack of knowledge is half the battle .
Alas , as long as the reset button is not pushed , the only beneficiaries are the very same Wall Street kleptocrats who want nothing more than further perpetuating the status quo .
At this point nothing absent a complete socio-economic catharsis can help America ; the rest is just Congressional hearings , angry presidential outbursts scripted on the teleprompter , and neverending smoke and mirrors .
I can least partially answer your question :-)
It 's basically the ad - free version of Facebook .
However , despite the fact that I poured through the site with a fine - toothed comb , I could n't find any details , but I imagine you 'd need a credit card to get one .
Update : I managed to find a few more details .
Among other things , you get the " profile generator " color changer ( no clue on that one ) and video char , which I believe is still in Beta .
Lastly , you can change your " status " like you would in Yahoo Messenger .
Several immigrants belonging to regulated occupations have to take up jobs that they are overqualified for , since they need to meet the requirements of the ...
In the game , a group of children between the ages of nine and 15 congregating at the Finnegan Playground at 69th Street and Grovers Avenue beat , strike and stomp adults they believe may be homeless , Walker said .
He said neither victim in the two attacks was homeless .
In the last few days , I get an increasing number of people coming up to me in the street and saying “ But Stavros , how will I know if I have found the perfect man / woman / cyborg for me ? ” .
Worry not , gentle reader , for our science department is here to give you the answer to that question .
Imagine for a moment that , on a night out at the bar , you meet a girl / guy .
You feel like you ’ve never felt before the past week , and , whether it ’s the alcohol thinking or not , you feel like you could really spend your life with them !
Not so fast , though .
How will you know if they are right for you , or if you just have not met enough people to know that someone out there is even better ?
This question has stumped scientists for millenia , but today we are here to give you the answer .
To make things easier , let ’s transform the problem to something more intuitive .
Let ’s say that you have a sack full of envelopes , and each envelope has some money in it .
Santa Claus quickly realises where he left the sack and comes back , telling you that that money is for all the good children .
However , since you safeguarded the sack , he will let you pick one envelope .
You can open as many as you want , but after you open an envelope you can either accept or decline it , and it will never be available to you again .
The envelopes here are potential mates , and the amount of money in them is how well you , personally , get along with them overall .
The higher the amount , the better suited a person would be as your long - term partner .
The problem is , how do you know which envelope is worth keeping ?
Sure , the first one is for $ 100 , but how do you know it ’s not the smallest amount in the sack ?
Conversely , how do you know it ’s not the largest ?
Obviously , you need to sample a few times and get the overall feeling of the price ranges .
How many times , though ?
Well , statistically ( and assuming a gaussian distribution ) , the first envelope you pick is likely to be somewhere around the 50th percentile .
The second one , around 58 .
The third around 63 and so on .
After 30 draws , you have gotten to 80.6 .
To get to 90 , you ’d have to go all the way up to 160 draws .
Of course , as you go higher the sums get rarer and rarer .
If you drew 10 times and found what the sums are at the 73rd percentile and then drew once more and the sum was considerably larger ( say , in the 95th percentile ) , you might want to stop , because you just got lucky .
If you decided not to , you ’d find that sort of sum again after around 500 draws .
The graph below shows the curve of expected maximal values for 30 draws :
Since , however , evaluating a person takes so much longer , most people do n’t have enough time to sample 500 times .
You might be smart about it and extrapolate the percentiles of each value to see if they ’re over 90 , but that ’s really not very practical , as it ’s hard to rate people .
We do , though , see that it gets harder and harder to find good matches the more draws we make .
In the second draw , the percentage jumps from 50 % to 58 % , a whole 8 points , while from the third to the fourth a mere
By the time you get to ten draws , it ’s a fraction of a percent .
It would be wise for someone to stop at that point and decide that , since they ’ve seen the 73rd percentile , they are going to pick the next person that is better or comparable to the best one of the 10 previous ( i.e. the one at the 73rd percentile ) .
Unfortunately , there ’s no hard - and - fast rule , but 10 draws seems to be a good number , as you ’ve probably seen what the best of three quarters of the population looks like .
The final decision is up to you , and take it with a grain of salt , because , as they say , “ love is innumerate ” .
EMPLOYERS are refusing to hire Generation Y workers because they lack a work ethic and spend too much time talking to friends in work hours .
" Employers come to us about Gen Y , saying they 're looking for a staff member but they do n't want anyone in that 20s age bracket because they find they do n't understand common courtesy in the workplace , " Kristy - Lee Johnston , director of Footprint Recruitment told The Courier - Mail .
And the complaints do n't only come from managers and bosses .
Social researcher Mark McCrindle said : " They also come from other people in the team who are of another generation . "
Chamber of Commerce and Industry Queensland policy general manager Nick Behrens said the global financial crisis should act as a wake - up call .
" The chamber is hoping Gen Y will learn from this , that they can no longer take for granted the good times and will no longer get away with the luxuries they have been given . "
Scientists at the Department of Microsystems Engineering ( IMTEK ) and the Freiburg Materials Research Center ( FMF ) have succeeded in developing a method for treating the surface of nanoparticles which greatly improves the efficiency of organic solar cells .
The researchers were able to attain an efficiency of 2 percent by using so - called quantum dots composed of cadmium selenide .
These measurements , well above the previous efficiency ratings of 1 to 1.8 percent , were confirmed by the " Dye and Organic Solar Cells " research group of the Fraunhofer Institute for Solar Energy Systems at the FMF .
The photoactive layer of hybrid solar cells consists of a mixture of inorganic nanoparticles and an organic polymer .
As it is theoretically possible to apply the method developed by the researchers to many nanoparticles , this breakthrough opens up new potential for increasing the efficiency of this type of solar cell even further .
The procedure has been patented and the results were published in a recent issue of the journal Applied Physics Letters .
Organic solar cells belong to the so - called third generation of solar cells and are still in the developmental stage .
The world record for purely organic solar cells , a type in which both components of the photoactive layer consist of organic materials , is currently at 7 percent for layers created through wet chemical methods .
Organic solar cells have many advantages over the conventional silicon cells typically used for large - scale energy production :
Not only are they are considerably thinner and more flexible , they are also less expensive and quicker to produce .
They are thus better suited for powering everyday devices and systems which are not in constant use , such as sensors or electrical appliances .
In the long run , organic solar cells could drastically reduce our dependence on batteries and cables .
The research group which developed the groundbreaking new solar cells is a close - knit team of chemists , physicists , and engineers from IMTEK and FMF .
" The interdisciplinary orientation of the group is a clear advantage and has led to rapid progress on the project .
We were able to carry out all of the steps on our own : from the synthesis of the nanoparticles to the modification of their surface and integration into composite materials , " says group head Dr. Michael Krüger .
His " Nanosciences " research group is part of the Chair for Sensors at IMTEK held by Prof. Dr. Gerald Urban .
The group is now applying the methods described in the publication to other promising materials systems -- also as part of a joint research project sponsored by the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research -- in order to refine them further and shape them into a market - ready technology .
The necessary preconditions for marketability are marked improvements in efficiency , a further increase in the durability of the materials , and a reduction in production costs .
The project " Quantum Dot Polymer Hybrids as Photoactive Material in Solar Cells " receives funding from the German Research Foundation through the IMTEK research training group " Micro Energy Harvesting . "
1
IDENTIFY YOUR TOPIC
What ’s the competitive landscape ?
What do our customers want ?
How are technology investments altering the market ?
Will the regulatory environment impact growth in the near term ?
Our team of professionals will work with you to create a tailored approach that identifies , assesses , and answers your questions on your timeline .
Marjah , Afghanistan ( CNN ) -- U.S. Marines fighting the Taliban in southern Afghanistan achieved a main objective Tuesday -- taking over the police headquarters in the center of the Taliban stronghold of Marjah .
CNN correspondent Atia Abawi , embedded with the Marines , said troops did n't receive any resistance when they took the station , but gun battles broke out in the area a few hours later .
There was an engagement for 15 to 20 minutes , with constant gunfire coming from different directions , and there have been " sporadic battles , " Abawi said .
Unlike previous days , there was fighting in the evening , with Taliban militants trying to attack Marine locations with small arms and rocket - propelled grenades .
One of the grenades hit close to one of the U.S. positions and a fire broke out .
About 15,000 Afghan and NATO forces are taking part in Operation Moshtarak , which focuses on the town of Marjah and surrounding areas in Helmand province .
Set in a region known as the country 's heroin capital , Marjah is where the Taliban established a shadow government .
The military says the goal of Operation Moshtarak is to provide security , governance and development , and authorities hope fighters choose to reject the insurgency and join the government 's reintegration process .
Clearing out poppy fields is a key part of the push , the biggest since the Afghanistan War started in 2001 .
The Taliban finances its activities in part through the illegal opium trade .
One of the biggest challenges facing the NATO mission in Afghanistan is attacking the Taliban while limiting civilian casualties .
On Sunday , 12 civilians died in a rocket attack by coalition troops .
Three other Afghan civilians were killed by NATO in separate incidents on Sunday and Monday .
On Tuesday , Abawi spoke to one civilian whose property had been destroyed in the initial push by Marines .
Despite that , he said he was happy to see Americans arrive and noted that Marines promised to pay for the damages to his home .
He said Afghans have suffered under the Taliban , who he said had beheaded some people and forced their way into people 's homes for food .
I will discuss Leibniz 's ideas on complexity ( Discours de metaphysique , 1686 ) , leading to modern work on program - size complexity , the halting probability and incompleteness .
Leibniz 's principle of sufficient reason asserts that if anything is true it is true for a reason .
But the bits of the numerical value of the halting probability are mathematical truths that are true for no reason .
More precisely , as I will explain , they are irreducible mathematical truths , that is , true for no reason simpler than themselves .
Mississippi had the highest rate of adult obesity at 32.5 percent , making it the fifth year in a row that the state topped the list .
Colorado continued to have the lowest percentage of obese adults at 18.9 percent .
Mississippi also had the highest rate of obese and overweight children ( ages 10 to 17 ) at 44.4 percent .
Minnesota and Utah had the lowest rate at 23.1 percent .
According to this report , Eight of the 10 states with the highest rates of obese and overweight children are in the South .
Adult obesity rates now exceed 25 percent in 31 states and exceed 20 percent in 49 states and Washington , D.C. Two - thirds of American adults are either obese or overweight .
( Click on the Image to see the Full View )
Mayor Daley plans to hold a series of smoke - filled back - room meetings to discuss the changes .
CHICAGO — In an effort to streamline unethical practices and boost illegal profiteering , Mayor Richard M. Daley announced sweeping new plans Monday to overhaul his city 's " antiquated " system of graft .
Advertisement
According to Daley , Chicago 's once - great fraudulent institutions have grown obsolete , and City Hall is no longer bilking taxpayers out of as much money as it once did .
" It 's been business as usual for too long in Chicago , and now it 's time to find more efficient ways to misuse authority for personal gain , " said Daley , who has served as Chicago 's mayor since 1989 .
" We must modernize our illegitimate activities right now , today , before it becomes impossible for public officials to act in my best self - interests . "
Advertisement
Telling City Council members it was inexcusable that Chicago still used such outdated methods as pen and pencil to falsify financial records and conceal kickbacks , Daley called for the purchase of some 10,000 overpriced computers , which he said would allow the city to digitize no -bid contracts , electronically transfer misappropriated funds , and keep better track of who's on the take .
Advertisement
The mayor 's plan would also triple the number of job appointments for unqualified family members ; increase aid to families struggling to get by on fraudulent disability claims ; and funnel cash from undisclosed sources into a vast municipal hush fund designed to eliminate corruption scandals .
" This is 2010 , for crying out loud , " said Daley , who argued that his initiative would allow an additional $ 200 million to be skimmed from city coffers .
" It is simply unacceptable that most payoffs to public officials are still hand - delivered in shoe boxes rather than being directly deposited into offshore bank accounts . "
Advertisement
" Times are tight and we can't afford to lose one cent of our shady , under - the - table incomes , " Daley continued .
" We have a duty — not just to our families , but to our second families with our mistresses — to create jobs and expand illicit pension programs to ensure that our brothers and sisters and cousins and brothers - in - law never have to put in an honest day 's work . "
William Caldwell , a corruption efficiency consultant hired by the city , believes Chicago could be mismanaging itself far more effectively .
He recommends instituting a diversified racketeering strategy with more clearly defined goals , and implementing new procedures to oversee the way money is siphoned from desperately underfunded schools .
Advertisement
Though he applauded the city 's state - of - the - art vote - rigging system , Caldwell said Chicago has failed to embrace the kinds of green initiatives that could simplify its day - to - day operations .
" Dumping the bodies of your enemies into Lake Michigan lacks foresight and is frankly irresponsible , " Caldwell said .
" Not only are there consequences for the environment in the long - term , but within a day or two they just float right to the top .
Corpses belong in fresh concrete at a construction site operated by a contractor who owes you a favor . "
Advertisement
Chicago , which has had a mayor named Richard Daley for 42 of the past 55 years , is n't the only city turning to technology to update corruption practices .
Public officials in New Orleans , Las Vegas , and Washington , D.C. now use e-mail and PowerPoint presentations to intimidate opponents with compromising photographs and proof that their family is being watched , right this very moment .
As a result , extortion is up 300 percent .
While acknowledging that it will require many sacrifices from his constituents , Daley said he was confident that his plan will revitalize the vice trade , provide more ways for politicians to peddle their influence , and return Chicago to its halcyon days as the preeminent financial center of the underworld .
Advertisement
" When my dad ran this city , City Hall would bustle with illegal activity , " said Daley , adding that most small business owners today do n't even know whom to pay for police protection .
" The world might be a more complicated place now , but I believe we can proudly run this city into the ground again , while still moving forward into a new age of unchecked graft and corruption . "
Added Daley , " Is n't that why we got into public service in the first place ? "
This series is supported by Rackspace , the better way to do hosting .
Learn more about Rackspace 's hosting solutions here .
If you 're a web developer , you 're almost certainly constantly looking for ways to improve your skills , expand your technology arsenal , and keep on top of the latest trends in development and design .
Whether you need to pick up a new coding language , get informed about new standards , brush up on best practices , or simply get inspired by great examples from your peers , we 've collated a number of great resources to help you stay at the top of your game .
Have a look at some of the online repositories for great development information and inspiration below , and be sure to tell us about any other trusted sources we have n't included in the list that other developers should check out .
1. W3 Schools
Featuring one of the largest collections of tutorials and reference articles for web developers on the internet , W3 Schools offers a huge assortment of learning and training resources on just about every relevant language and web service in use on the web today .
You 'll find content tailored towards the full range from beginner to expert developer along with code examples , quizzes , tutorials , and reference guides in a relatively clean and well - organized site complete with a well - trafficked forum community .
2. A List Apart
Taking a holistic approach to the subject of web development , A List Apart is " for people who make websites " including designers , developers , and online content creators of all stripes .
From its origins as a mailing list in 1997 , to its official launch as a website the following year , and on into today 's ALA 4.0 incarnation , A List Apart has consistently produced and curated top notch content at the intersection between design and development for the web .
3. Webmonkey
Now a property of Wired Digital , Webmonkey has been a resource to developers on the web with a long and storied history stretching back to 1996 .
Having been brought back to life twice during that time , Webmonkey now operates as a wiki , featuring contributions from the developer community to an extensive code library , reference section , and tutorial clearinghouse .
4. Dev Shed
Combining extensive coding tutorials with an active forum community , Dev Shed is one of a family of interconnected sites offering free guides and instructional material to web developers .
From language tutorials to webmaster tools to example scripts , the Dev Shed collection has something for webdevs at various skill levels and technology needs .
5. Smashing Magazine
Aimed at both web designers and developers , Smashing Magazine is a frequently updated and independent web publication serving up quality information and community discussion surrounding best practices and techniques on the web .
Though the heavier emphasis is on design , the articles , resources , and tools address dynamic HTML technologies , WordPress template coding , and development software as well .
6. Developer Tutorials
Dedicated to " helping ordinary people create extraordinary websites , " Developer Tutorials has offerings for major languages and multimedia production software .
In addition to free scripts and extensive developer manuals , the site also has sections for finding reputable online services for common development needs , and to help with projects where you may need to outsource certain components .
7. Ajaxian
A great resource for folks building dynamic web content , Ajaxian is a long - running blog featuring news , editorials , podcasts , resource links , code examples , and more .
Less a repository of tutorials and more a timely resource for news and developments of interest to dynamic web builders , Ajaxian also features an active community of readers and commenters in addition to its experienced staff of writers and practitioners .
8. DZone
The simplest analogy is to think of DZone as Digg for developers .
The link - sharing community surfaces great resources of interest to webdevs as well as providing free reference cheatsheets , white papers , and original editorial articles as well .
9. IBM developerWorks
A clearinghouse for tutorials and articles on a wide range of development topics , IBM 's developerWorks explores dynamic web content technologies as well as related fields including systems administration and open source applications .
Various learning resources and downloads are offered surrounding a wide variety of web projects from PHP and DHTML to wikis and web service mashups .
10 . Sitepoint
Having waxed and waned in popularity over the years , Sitepoint has survived the changing tastes and standards on the web to currently bring fresh perspectives and information for both developers and designers .
Instructional videos are available in both free and paid series flavors , a well - organized reference section covers CSS , HTML and Javascript , and an active forum community round out this resource for webdevs .
11 . O'Reilly
Best known for its extensive book series covering a wide variety of technical topics , O'Reilly 's online site is also home to a number of web resources both free and paid of interest to web developers .
An Answers platform provides a community knowledge base , original blog and video content provide news and commentary , and the Safari Books Online service gives access to thousands of technology reference books from major publishers for a monthly subscription fee .
Series supported by Rackspace
Rackspace is the better way to do hosting .
No more worrying about web hosting uptime .
No more spending your time , energy and resources trying to stay on top of things like patching , updating , monitoring , backing up data and the like .
Learn why .
More web developer resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , a_Taiga
JREF Swift Blog
Skeptical Evaluator of Alt Med Faces Loss of Funding
Edzard Ernst , MD , PhD , is a former homeopath who saw the light and became a tireless advocate for scientific evaluation of alternative medicine claims .
He became the world 's first professor of complementary medicine .
He wrote ( with Simon Singh ) the excellent book Trick or Treatment : The Undeniable Facts about Alternative Medicine as well as other books and innumerable articles for the media and for scientific journals .
For many years
Ernst has led one of the world 's leading centers for alternative medicine research , The Centre for Complementary Medicine at the University of Exeter in the UK .
Among other things , this center has done many rigorous systematic reviews of the literature .
These reviews have acknowledged that there is good evidence for a few things ( like St. John 's wort for mild to moderate depression , ) but they have found no evidence to support the majority of alternative medical treatments .
Where the evidence is lacking , they are not afraid to conclude that these things do n't work ; whereas the NCCAM ( National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine ) in the US has been unwilling to discredit any treatment and instead consistently calls for " more studies . "
A recent article in The Times announced that Ernst 's research center will close next year unless a new financial backer can be found .
Ernst believes that he has become a persona non grata since he attacked a report that was commissioned by HRH Prince Charles .
In an e-mail comment on the Times article he clarified " the complaint letter was not on the foundation 's but HRH 's letterhead and that my VC does not even respond to my letter raising the issue of the missing £ 1.5 million . "
I sincerely hope that other funding sources will be found to continue this valuable work .
If his university does n't come through , perhaps the skeptical community can find a way to help .
Groundhog Day is February 2nd .
This holiday is n't just about shadows and winter weather predictions , as most of us believe .
This observance , also known as Candlemas goes way back in history to biblical times .
The Law of Moses stated that parents were obligated to bring their first born son to the church and make an offering to God on his behalf .
This took place ( usually ) after the baby was 40 days old .
This is based on the biblical teaching that Mary also presented Jesus to the Temple in Jerusalem following his 40 - day period of purification after he was born .
So , Jesus was born on December 25 , add 40 days and you get February 2nd !
When Jesus was presented , an old , devout Jew named Simon , held the baby in his arms and said that He would be , " A light to lighten the Gentiles . " ( Luke 2:32 ) This is how February 2nd became known as Candlemas ( or Candelaria ) ; and , since the 11th Century with the blessing of candles .
It is also called the Feast of the Presentation of Christ in the Temple , in the Eastern church .
But , it 's called the Feast of the Purification of the Blessed Virgin Mary in the Western church .
No matter what it 's called , the celebrations both have the same format and are significant for the blessing of candles and candlelight processions .
There are those , however , who feel that forming a procession with candles really originates back to the Romans who had a custom of going around the city in February with a candle procession .
( see more below )
So the candle procession was n't created by Christians at all .
But when the Christians attempted to Christianize the Romans , they borrowed this custom of using candles in religious services .
So , in 494 C.E. Pope Gelasious I created the Feast of the Purification of the Virgin Mary .
Ironically , it was also used to kindle a " brand " left over from the Yule log at Christmas .
As I mentioned above , the Romans had a tradition known as Lupercalia , which took place on February 15 to honor the corn goddess Ceres and her daughter Proserpine ( who was carried to the underworld by Pluto ) .
This observance called for a torchlight parade , to represent Ceres ' attempt to search for her daughter all over Sicily .
Torches were lighted from the flames of Mount Aetna at night so she could continue searching .
So , this is where some scholars feel the candlelight processions of Candlemas originate from .
Traditionally , candles and lamps are a symbol of rejoicing .
Candlemas in the Middle Ages was the day in which the church blessed candles for the entire year .
( Remember , there was no electricity .
Candles were necessary for lighting your home in the dark of winter . )
During this blessing , a procession of worshippers would hold candles in their hands .
It was believed that wherever these candles were then used , they would chase away the devil .
The unused candle stubs were saved because they were believed to be good luck charms .
Today , in many Roman Catholic countries , the candles that are blessed on Candlemas are believed to have special powers , often being lighted during storms , illness , christenings , funerals etc .
In Sicily they are brought out when there is an earthquake or when someone is dying .
The candles that are " purified " or blessed on February 2 by the church are also used to bless people 's throats on St. Blaise 's Day ( February 3 ) to protect them from colds and getting fish bones stuck in their throats .
So what does all this blessing of candles have to do with groundhogs and shadows you ask ?
There was a medieval superstition that all hibernating animals ( not just the groundhog ) came out of their caves and dens on Candlemas to check on the weather .
If they could see their shadow , it meant that winter would go on for another 6 weeks ( and they could go back to sleep . )
A cloudy day meant that spring was just around the corner .
In England , France and Canada , the farmers used to watch for the stirring of the " Candlemas Bear " as a sign that springtime was coming .
In Ireland , it was the hedgehog .
In German it was the badger .
The return of hibernating animals meant nature was giving them a sign .
A change in seasons was being announced !
And , anyone whose livelihood or survival depended depended on the changing of seasons paid very close attention to all signs .
The early German settlers , known as the Pennsylvania Dutch , brought this custom to the United States .
They chose the groundhog as their hibernating animal to watch as a sign of spring .
Another name for the groundhog is woodchuck ( Marmota monax ) .
It 's a member of the squirrel family .
Groundhogs that live in the wild eat succulent green plants , such as dandelion , clover , and grasses .
Those that are pampered , like Punxsutanwney Phil , eat goodies like dog food and ice cream .
( More on him later ! )
So why February 2 ?
This is because it's at the half - way mark between Winter Solstice and Spring Equinox .
But , good weather meant a prolonged winter and a cloudy day meant an early spring .
The tradition rooted in America and gave rise to the legend of Punxsutawney Phil , a groundhog in Pennsylvania believed to be a century old .
This is located in Pennsylvania .
Let 's go back to 1793 when the Delaware Indians settled in this area .
The name Punxsutawney in Indian means " town of sandflies . "
The name woodchuck is also derived from the Indian name " Wojak " which was a groundhog and believed to be their ancestral grandfather .
There is a club in Punxsutawney where the members hike up to Phil 's burrow up on Gobbler 's Knob , on February 2 and wait for him to emerge .
Phil lives in a heated burrow underneath a simulated tree stump in a stage area .
Phil's a chubby little groundhog , averaging 15 lbs .
Why did they name the groundhog Phil ?
According to Groundhog.org , he was named after King Philip .
Before that , he was called Br'er Groundhog .
Some of you may wonder what Phil does when it 's not February 2 .
He gets around !
Of course he always supports his area sports teams .
But , he 's also made an appearance on the Oprah Show ( 1995 ) ; met President Ronald Reagan ( 1986 ) ; and , even gone a bit political by wearing a yellow ribbon in support of the American hostages in Iran ( 1981 ) .
Phil went high - tech when in 1996 he got his first website and in 1998 his forecast was sent live over the internet .
Phil is loved so much , that after September 11 , 2001 , troops were assigned to guard him on February 2 , 2002 .
So is Phil very accurate ?
Professional weather researchers have determined that the groundhog has been correct only 28 % of the time .
How has Phil 's predictions gone over the years ?
In 1887 he saw his first shadow according to the records .
Shadow = 6 More Weeks of Winter
No Shadow = Early Spring 1888
Shadow 1889
? 1890
No Shadow 1891
? 1892
? 1893
? 1894
? 1895
? 1896
? 1897
? 1898
Shadow 1899
? 1900
Shadow 1901
Shadow 1902
No Shadow 1903
Shadow 1904
Shadow 1905
Shadow 1906
Shadow 1907
Shadow 1908
Shadow 1909
Shadow 1910
Shadow 1911
Shadow 1912
Shadow 1913
Shadow 1914
Shadow 1915
Shadow 1916
Shadow 1917
Shadow 1918
Shadow 1919
Shadow 1920
Shadow 1921
Shadow 1922
Shadow 1923
Shadow 1924
Shadow 1925
Shadow 1926
Shadow 1927
Shadow 1928
Shadow 1929
Shadow 1930
Shadow 1931
Shadow 1932
Shadow 1933
Shadow 1934
No Shadow 1935 - 36
Shadow 1937
Shadow 1938
Shadow 1939
Shadow 1940
Shadow 1941
Shadow 1942
Partial Shadow 1943
No Groundhog 1944
Shadow 1945
Shadow 1946
Shadow 1947
Shadow 1948
Shadow 1949
Shadow 1950
No Shadow 1951
Shadow 1952
Shadow 1953
Shadow 1954
Shadow 1955
Shadow 1956
Shadow 1957
Shadow 1958
Shadow 1959
Shadow 1960
Shadow 1961
Shadow 1962
Shadow 1963
Shadow 1964
Shadow 1965
Shadow 1966
Shadow 1967
Shadow 1968
Shadow 1969
Shadow 1970
No Shadow 1971
Shadow 1972
Shadow 1973
Shadow 1974
Shadow 1975
No Shadow 1976
Shadow 1977
Shadow 1978
Shadow 1979
Shadow 1980
Shadow 1981
Shadow 1982
Shadow 1983
No Shadow 1984
Shadow 1985
Shadow 1986
No Shadow 1987
Shadow 1988
No Shadow 1989
Shadow 1990
No Shadow 1991
Shadow 1992
Shadow 1993
Shadow 1994
Shadow 1995
No Shadow 1996
Shadow 1997
No Shadow 1998
Shadow 1999
No Shadow 2000
Shadow 2001
Shadow 2002
Shadow 2003
Shadow 2004
Shadow 2005
Shadow 2006
Shadow 2007
No Shadow 2008
Shadow 2009
Shadow 2010
Shadow 2011
No Shadow 2012
Shadow 2013
No Shadow 2014
Shadow 2015
Shadow 2016
No Shadow 2017
Shadow 2018
Shadow 2019
No Shadow 2020
No Shadow 2021
2022
2023
( The ?
means there is no record . )
Note :
The 1942 prediction was to purposely not give any favorable weather forecasts to our World War II enemies .
Some of you may feel that February 2nd is a bit early to expect springtime signs ; but , remember that BEFORE the adoption of the Gregorian calendar , Candlemas fell on February 14th .
So , ( some ) farmers in Mississippi and Arkansas observed Groundhog Day on the 14th because it was closer to the arrival of springtime .
Traditional English song :
If Candlemas be fair and bright ,
Come , Winter , have another flight ;
If Candlemas brings clouds and rain ,
Go Winter , and come not again .
According to the traditional Scotchs : If Candlemas Day is bright and clear ,
There 'll be twa ( two ) winters in the year .
Another Scottish rhyme :
If Candlemas day be dry and fair ,
The half o' winter to come and mair ,
If Candlemas day be wet and foul ,
The half of winter 's gone at Yule .
The Germans chanted : For as the sun shines on Candlemas Day ,
So far will the snow swirl until the May .
" Groundhog 's Day " Movie 1993
Produced and written by Danny Rubin and Harold Ramis Back in 1886 , The Punxsutawney Spirit ( newspaper ) is credited with printing the first Groundhog Day observance , a year before the legendary trek up to Gobbler 's Knob .
The popularity grows each year .
But ever since the movie , " Groundhog 's Day " with Bill Murray and Andie MacDowell , thousands of visitors from all over the world come to await Phil 's appearance with crowds being as great as over 30,000 in number .
Muki's Kitchen is devoted to the fantasy of cannibal fetish :
It is a light - hearted , photographic treatment of our darkest taboo and its content covers woman - eating , bondage , damsel - in - distress , Dolcett ( Dolcet ) , and other cannibalism - oriented peril situations .
It is not to be taken seriously !
This site is for adults only and contains sexually explicit material .
If you are under 18 years old ( 21 in some areas ) , or your local laws prohibit you from viewing such material , you must turn back now !
If you are offended by images of an erotic or sexual nature , please do not enter .
Parents concerned about their children accessing adult sites should consider the following resources :
Russia ’s Black Sea
Fleet which is currently due to close in 2017 might also get a second lease of life .
Mr Yanukovych has said he wants a solution to the base issue that would not harm Russia ’s interests .
The Russian language , which has been systematically marginalised in the past five years in favour of Ukrainian , would also be boosted .
Posted on 7:47 AM by shousha
about the movie : Armand and Albert have a home life many would envy .
They share a long - term committed relationship encompassing their lives and careers and have together raised Armand 's son Val .
When Val announces his engagement to the daughter of an ultra-conservative U.S. Senator , what choice is there but to accept his decision with love ?
Meanwhile , Senator Keeley and his wife are watching his right - wing constituency evaporate with the scandalous demise of his closest political ally .
A visit to their future in - laws could be just the thing to take the public 's focus off the Keeley 's messy predicament .
With the impending visit of his fiancee 's rigid family , Val asks his father to straighten up the apartment just a bit .
All is entails is the removal of Armand 's art collection , furnishings , clothes , job ... and Albert .
Starring : Robin Williams , Gene Hackman , Nathan Lane , Dianne Wiest , Dan Futterman
Directed by : Mike Nichols
Produced by : Neil A. Machlis , Marcello Danon , Mike Nichols
Simply put , it 's too much of a good thing .
Every few days , another Google Android device is announced , as hardware makers and wireless carriers rally around the mobile operating system as the de facto smartphone platform alternative to Apple 's limited - availability iPhone and RIM 's limited - capability BlackBerry .
That flood of options should be a good thing -- but it 's not .
In fact , it 's a self - destruction derby in action , as phones come out with different versions of the Android OS , with no clear upgrade strategy for either the operating system or the applications users have installed , and with inconsistent deployment of core features .
In short , the Android platform is turning out not to be a platform at all , but merely a starting point for a universe of incompatible devices .
[ Stay up on tech news and reviews from your smartphone at infoworldmobile.com . |
Get the best iPhone apps for pros with our business iPhone apps finder .
|
See which smartphone is right for you in our mobile " deathmatch " calculator . ]
Who wants to commit to a two - year cell contract for an Android phone when it's not clear if a better version will be out next month or if the operating system and apps you put on your Android device will be supported in the future ?
Access InfoWorld from your iPhone or other mobile device at infoworldmobile.com .
Get the latest tech news on your iPhone with IDG's ITnews iPhone app .
Consider what 's happened since the Motorola Droid - fueled " reboot " of the Android platform in November : The Droid used Android OS 2.0 , while the HTC Droid Eris used Android OS 1.5 .
The Motorola Droid did n't support multitouch outside of a few third - party apps .
But the Droid Eris did so using HTC 's proprietary Sense UI overlay but is underpowered .
Meanwhile , users with first - generation Android devices ( running Android 1.6 or earlier ) were largely out of luck getting the current Android OS .
In 2010 , the situation became even murkier .
Some carriers updated earlier - version Android smartphones to the 2.1 OS -- but many did not .
The 2.1 OS came with Google 's Nexus One , what Google called a " superphone " meant to be a standard bearer for the Android platform .
Sorry , Droid buyers -- it too lacked multitouch and did n't have a keyboard , plus Google thoroughly screwed up the product support .
Next month , Nexus
One 's manufacturer , HTC , will ship the HTC Desire , essentially the Nexus One with multitouch added using HTC's Sense UI ; anyone who bought a Nexus One must feel like a fool for adopting the alleged flagship Android smartphone .
But before HTC Droid Eris and Desire customers gloat , it 's not clear what their upgrade path is for apps and the Android operating system itself .
Because of the Sense UI ( which really should be a standard part of the Android OS ) , you can't just upgrade the operating system or be sure that your apps will work -- a new OS may break Sense UI , and a new Sense UI may break your apps .
It gets worse .
Later this year , Sony Ericsson plans to release its Xperia Mini series -- inexplicably based on Android OS 1.6 and using its own proprietary UI on top .
Jonas Bendiksen 2000 , Russia" The picture was taken in the Altai territory of Russia , right in the border regions of Kazakhstan .
It shows the second stage of a Soyuz rocket in the crash zone where they come down to earth .
You can see them fall during the day , and usually hear the big bang as they hit the ground .
These things are made out of pretty good metal too , so a lot of the locals make a living chasing rocket parts , before selling them as scrap .
If you look very carefully , you can see that the white things all around them are butterflies or moths . "
Jonas Bendiksen is a Norwegian photographer based in New York .
Photograph : Jonas Bendiksen / Magnum
Il sito bulgaro hardware BG.com ci svela primi dettagli e fotografie del prossimo dissipatore di punta ProlimaTech .
Si tratta di Armageddon , un " super cooler " da sei heatpipe double - side piuttosto imponente , pesante , spesso pochi cm ma , si presume , decisamente performante .
E ' il sito web bulgaro hardware BG.com a riportare le prime indiscrezioni sul prossimo dissipatore ad aria che Prolimatech sta per rilasciare .
Il super cooler Armageddon , questo il suo nome , è stato immortalato in diversi scatti ed in anteprima proprio da tale sito web , mentre ricordiamo che il cooler dovrebbe ufficialmente apparire sul mercato non prima del prossimo mese di marzo .
" Prossimamente maggiori dettagli e foto " , assicura hardware BG.com .
Sono infatti pochissimi , al momento , i dettagli svelati , a parte l'aspetto esteriore del prodotto e il fatto di essere venduto equipaggiato con una ventola da 140 mm di dimensioni .
L'" apocalittico " dissipatore , sembra perfetto per i sistemi basati su socket LGA1156 , poichè non dovrebbe creare problemi su motherboard la cui distanza tra slot di memoria RAM e socket della CPU è piuttosto risicata .
C'è chi si augura , inoltre , che il prodotto abbia dimensioni più compatte e più facilmente " gestibili " rispetto al fratellone Megahalems ( ultimamente da molti preferito ai prodotti di punta della diretta concorrente Thermalright ) .
Di seguito riporto alcuni degli scatti fotografici più salienti , sulla base dei quali cercheremo di trarre le prime rudimentali considerazioni sul prodotto .
Da una foto che immortala un'etichetta sulla confezione , è possibile scorgere alcuni dei parametri costitutivi del prodotto .
In primis le dimensioni ( classici , oramai , i 16 cm di altezza per questi dissipatori high - end ) ; " soltanto " 5 i centimetri di spessore .
Lamelle dissipanti in alluminio , dunque , saldate senza l'uso di piombo .
Heatpipe ( a cui tali lamelle sono collegate ) e base del dissipatore sono invece entrambe in rame ma sottoposte ad un trattamento di nichellatura per preservarle da fenomeni di corrosione galvanica o simili .
Di certo non è una novità il peso che raggiunge i tre quarti di chilo ( senza ventola ... ) .
Compatibilità assicurata con tutte le ventole grandi 14 x 14 x 2,5 cm .
Concludo riportando altre immagini del prodotto , venduto con una ventola dal telaio semitrasparente nero in contrasto con le pale rosse , così come la scritta fiammante " Armageddon " stampigliata sulla cover superiore ( anch'essa in alluminio ) :
Photo : The Patriot - News
“ That ’s a good boy …
We wont let those mean old potheads talk to my good boy anymore , no we wo n’t … ”
​ A Florida man has been charged with striking a police animal for telling a drug dog to “ sit . ”
The Gainesville Sun. Mario Duane Porter , 21 , of Gainesville , was charged last week with “ striking a police animal ” ( which supposedly includes “ interfering with a working police animal ” ) , disorderly conduct , possession of drug paraphernalia and refusing to sign a citation for violating the city ’s noise and window tint ordinances , reports Karen Voyles of
Alachua County Jail
​ Porter was pulled over by the police because his car stereo was so loud that it was audible more than 25 feet beyond the vehicle , according to Gainesville Police Officer David Blizzard .
In an arrest report , Blizzard noted that during the stop , Porter “ was being belligerent and vulgar , yelling profanities . ”
A police drug dog was brought to the scene to check Porter ’s car , trying to get “ probable cause ” to search the car for contraband .
According to Officer Blizzard ’s arrest report , Porter began shouting “ loud commands to ‘ sit ’ … which interrupted the K9 from his duties .
The K9 stopped twice while walking the vehicle and looking in the direction of [ Porter ] who was giving those commands . ”
Once Porter had been “ quieted ” and the dog resumed checking the vehicle , Officer Blizzard said it alerted on the car to indicate the possible presence of drugs .
A small plastic bag containing “ marijuana residue ” was found under the front passenger seat , Blizzard claimed .
Porter was put in the Alachua County Jail .
It 's been a long time since I spoke of this .
Maybe I figured that now since everything 's in the past that one of these days I 'd be out of its shadow .
This sadly , is not the case .
In 2007 , I was an Electronic Warfare technician in service with the United States Navy .
I 'd been stationed on an Arleigh - Burke class destroyer for the previous five years , and was just about done with my hitch .
I 'd been weighing options for shore duty , and since EW's had been combined with Cryptologic Technician ( Technical ) , all kinds of exciting three - letter - agency shore duty billets had opened up - I was qualified since all of us had to be read in to TS / SCI .
I had a CI poly in 2005 , and it went about as textbook as you can imagine .
I stared straight ahead , did everything I was told , walked out as TS / SCI with a CI poly on my record .
When the time came to fight for orders , I managed to secure a billet in Aurora , Colorado working for a satellite branch of the NSA at Buckley AFB .
The one hitch was that they liked to have a polygraph within 6 months of the servicemember reporting .
Everything was set up for me to take the CI poly the day before I was to start my transfer - I even got schooling in Pensacola en-route , with a nice re-enlistment bonus .
I was very much looking forward to the day that I 'd leave the grey waters and dreary sea rotation of Norfolk behind me , and continue serving my country in a choice location .
That day would never come .
I was n't the slightest bit worried about the second CI polygraph .
I certainly was n't a model sailor , but I was very good at my job .
I made E - 6 in less than six years , and you do n't do that with charm .
I knew my rating inside and out , and was very proud of my knowledge level .
I was a recognized SIGINT and countermeasures expert on board , and that felt good .
So when I walked into the NCIS polygraph facility for the second time , I expected to be in and out quicker than you know what .
Nothing felt odd during the tests .
I answered all of the questions truthfully .
( I have a very active brain , jumping from point to point to point constantly .
Hard to focus sometimes , but when you 're asked a question like this one , you answer directly .
No confusion whatsoever . )
After the usual bank of control questions , they started with the CI material , which pretty much boiled down to one question , and it was one I 'd answered before .
" Have you ever been involved in espionage or terrorism against the United States Government ? "
" No . "
I remember thinking about certain things after the examiner left .
What my wife and I were going to have for dinner .
Maybe I should take the dog for a walk tonight , I have n't done that in a while .
Should I take my guitar down to Florida with me for school ?
I get lonesome without it .
The man returned .
" You 've failed a portion of your polygraph exam . "
Bewilderment .
Denial .
Confusion .
There must be some kind of mistake .
" I do n't understand .
What do you mean ? "
" Your readings showed that when you were asked if you were involved in espionage or terrorism against the U.S. Government , your answer showed deception . "
What the hell do you say to something like that ?
Do you stand up out of your chair in a huff , and angrily berate the questioner for daring to question your devotion to your country ?
I did n't .
I meekly sat there , and my technician 's nature took over in my mind .
There 's got to be some physiological reason why this happened .
Something 's wrong with me , because I KNOW the answer to that question is NO .
What could it be ?
He tested me again a few minutes later .
I failed again .
There was no calming me down after that .
I was thinking of extraordinary renditions , being arrested on the spot , disappearing and never being able to speak to my wife again .
You could ask me what color the sky is at that point and I 'd been so shaken up by this experience I 'd question my own answer .
The first polygraph examiner left , and about thirty minutes later another NCIS officer came in , this one an agent .
He held in his hands a paper for me to sign .
It was the Miranda warning , with my name right at the top just above " SUSPICION OF ESPIONAGE / TERRORISM . "
I wanted to scream , but did n't .
I wanted to throw up , but could n't .
What the hell was wrong with me ?
I 'd passed this goddamned test before .
Next came a long talk with this agent , and I did everything I could to explain who I was , and why I had never done this sort of thing .
I still had faith in the system , and was worried about my career .
I knew I had nothing to hide , so I went along with everything .
He decided it was best that they send a team of agents to search my house .
That very evening .
I was n't allowed to call my wife , and I was at this point about ten hours late coming home .
It was damn near midnight .
I showed up with three NCIS agents in tow .
They tossed my car , rifled through my belongings in my apartment , took every single unlabeled notebook , every blank diskette , every CD - R , every data - storage capable piece of equipment I owned .
My computer was taken , as were my wife 's iPod .
Mine too .
I came back the next day at their insistence and took a grueling battery of several successive tests administered by a somewhat friendlier polygraph adminstrator .
He told me right off the bat that he did n't think I was a spy , he just needed to clear some things up .
So , he asked me a long series of questions relating to personal honesty ... everything was leading up to this question :
" Do you think you 're better than other people ? "
After the polygraph was done ( how long had it been ?
Six hours ?
I really do n't remember ) I remember the test administrator looking really pleased with himself , saying that this was ' good work . '
I did n't know what that meant at the time , and still do n't .
At this point , I was still naively thinking that this was all a huge misunderstanding , and it would be cleared up in a matter of days .
This is NCIS , right ?
How long does it take to scan a computer for classified information ?
I 'd given a statement earlier .
In my shaken state , I wrote down an approximation of everything I 'd said and felt ... but the damage was done .
The leading questions , the repeating back of my statements out of context - I had been shaken down prior , and boy did it ever work .
I was beginning to think of myself as the kind of person who would sell out his country , or inevitably do so eventually .
I could n't think of a reason why I would do it , it was just in my nature .
After all , an honest person would n't have failed such an easy question .
I lost the orders .
My clearance was suspended .
For months on end , I mustered every day with the temporary holding personnel unit .
I was a First Class Petty Officer , Surface - Warfare qualified , knew the electronic order of battle of any part of the world you care to name , and I was pushing brooms around a p-way , or volunteering at a USO kitchen a few days a week .
Every few weeks for the first two months , I 'd get called into NCIS ' Norfolk activity for long interview sessions .
They were interrogations .
My own statements were read back to me , asking me to explain each successive thing in more forceful detail every time .
I did n't know what to say after a while .
I did n't know if I needed to get angry , maybe cry a little - I was running out of ways to say " I have never attempted to steal or sell classified information , and I have no idea how to tell you that any clearer than I am now . "
Yeah , I talked to a JAG representative .
He told me I was on my own .
I was n't sure if I could afford a lawyer , so I just waited for the system to do its thing .
That takes a while sometimes .
I knew that they did n't have any conclusive physical evidence that any theft ever took place , or I would have been formally charged much sooner .
What the hell did they have on me ?
Statements taken under psychological and emotional distress ?
My polygraph exams ?
I had an old hard metal camera case that I 'd taken from the ship just prior to INSURV one year .
INSURV is the mother of all inspections , and a lot of unneccessary stuff gets jettisoned .
It was a nice one , for the old bridge camera which had since gone missing .
My wife is a shutterbug , and I figured better for her to use it than it wind up on the bottom of the Atlantic .
Still , they never asked me about that case , or any other physical evidence .
Months went by with no word whatsoever .
My end - of - obligated service term was fast approaching , and I had a decision to make .
Re-enlist in this holding pattern ?
For what ?
No guarantees on anything - I still was n't out of the woods yet .
Clearance suspended - what would I do ?
I 'd have to cross-rate to an uncleared job and probably go back to sea .
I was n't going to do that again .
Not after I spent far too long waving goodbye to my wife the first time around .
It became about cost - benefit analysis .
My school and enlistment bonuses were gone .
There was no career security .
There was no reason for me to stay , aside from the pride of wearing the uniform .
I busted my ass and did the best I could for my country for six years , and this is what happens ?
I made the decision to leave the service at the end of my enlistment in January 2008 .
The guys at NCIS were flabbergasted .
They said it looked like I was ' running . '
Maybe they were right .
I did n't care anymore .
I was sick and tired of sitting across from two people who were doing their damndest to convince me that I planned to sell out my country at some point , or laid the groundwork for such a plan .
I told them one point about counter - intelligence and ' thinking like the wolf . '
That was repeated back to me as ' my plan . '
I stopped short of admitting to just ' planning to steal stuff ' so the interrogations would stop and I would have some kind of resolution .
I could n't do it .
At the end of the day , and after everything they put me through , I still knew what side of the line I was on .
I 'd rather leave the service with my honor intact than cop to something I did n't do in a moment of weakness , just so the unpleasantness would cease .
In the end , I was allowed to leave .
The good thing about being on legal hold for months on end is that you accrue an awful lot of unused leave days .
My CO approved 60 days terminal .
By the way , my command naturally revoked my access to everything right after the poly fail - I was treated like a pariah for the first month ... but then my XO started having as much trouble as I was getting information out of them .
That pissed her off .
By the end of the ordeal , they were in my corner as much as could be expected , and I 'm thankful for that .
So , I packed up , signed out , and headed for home .
I got a job as a broadcast engineer , which is n't too bad .
It 's not tracking suspect merchant shipping , but it 'll do .
My sixty days of terminal leave made for two months of double - dipping which helped offset getting set up back home .
I did n't receive my seized property until several months after I was out of the service .
The only information I was ever able to get about what was going on all that time was this :
The agent assigned to me was recalled to the Coast Guard for a few months , and my file sat in his desk gathering dust until he got back .
In the end , I received an honorable discharge , which is the closest thing to vindication I will ever receive .
So there it is .
Funny ... I expected more catharsis .
With the death of JD Salinger last week , a remarkable era in US literature came to its end .
Mark Lawson reflects on the passing of an unrivalled generation
January 27 is becoming a black - letter day in American literature .
On that day in 2009 , John Updike died and , this year , the first ­anniversary of that loss was marked by the news that JD Salinger was dead .
It 's an artificial coincidence – of a sort that authors as good as Updike and Salinger would have scorned in their stories – but the deaths in close succession of members of the literary generations born in the 1910s , 20s and 30s do have a symbolic significance .
If we add the deaths within four months of 2007 of Norman Mailer and Kurt Vonnegut – members with Salinger of the set of major American writers formed by service in the second world war – it's clear that an era in American literature is coming to a close .
There is an obvious temptation to believe that the authors who have recently died form – with others who fought in the war ( such as Saul Bellow and Gore Vidal ) or were teenagers in America during it ( Philip Roth ) – the greatest literary generation the country has ever seen or ever will see .
This triumphalist but nostalgic position holds that these writers took advantage of their nation 's geopolitical power – and a media culture and bookstore customer - base which regarded serious writers ­seriously – to create a superpower of the pen to match the financial and military clout of the US during what became known as the American century .
The counter - argument is that this army of old soldiers was very male and masculine and white in its concerns – tempered only by a grudging , late admission to the halls of fame of writers such as Toni Morrison and Joyce Carol Oates – and that the standard narrative of 20th - century American literature is partial and distorted .
This case is made persuasively in Elaine Showalter 's recent book : A Jury of Her Peers : American Women Writers from Anne Bradstreet to Annie Proulx .
These contrasting presentations of recent American letters are explored in Capturing America , an eight - part Radio 4 series on which I 've been working for several years .
And – even before the death of Salinger during final editing – there had been melancholy signs that this was the right time to take stock .
The programmes contain the final ­major interviews with Mailer , Vonnegut and Updike .
The latter seemed healthy and energetic in the BBC's New York studio in the autumn of 2008 as he discussed his life - time mission to write " an alphabet of novels " .
But The Widows of Eastwick , three short of the intended 26 full - length fictions from this man of letters , became the last when he was diagnosed , just 10 days after our conversation ( according to the dated poems in Endpoint , his final volume of verse ) with the pneumonia that would lead to diagnosis of lung cancer and his death on the date that lay in wait for Salinger 12 months later .
When I began to think about the series , the question of who was America 's greatest living novelist would spark lively debate at a book festival .
On the eve of transmission , that medal automatically defaults to Philip Roth .
There were other signs that this was the right time to analyse Am lit .
Updike , in that last interview , reflected on having twice been pictured on the cover of Time magazine , part of the nation 's honours system , to mark the publication of Couples in 1968 and Rabbit Is Rich in 1982 .
Now , the novelist who takes that prize is Dan Brown .
And so the changing of the guard in American fiction is arguably not just generational but cultural : the large , interested readership who lined their shelves with Updike 's Rabbit Quartet , Bellow 's Herzog , Mailer 's The Naked and the Dead , Roth 's Portnoy 's Complaint and other bestsellers of serious literary merit had perhaps migrated to the quick - read thriller and the confessional memoir .
Any overview is immediately subject to accusations of oversight which are followed just as inevitably by a defence of compression ; but my definition of modern American literature concentrates on authors whose first work appeared after 1945 , which was , in so many ways , a break - through date .
Roth , in The Plot Against America , imagines that a protectionist government prevented the US from entering the second world war when it did .
But , if this had been historical reality , The Plot Against America is not the only major American novel we might now lack .
The major American novelists of the middle years of the 20th century are all , in various ways , direct beneficiaries of their country 's involvement in that conflict .
Norman Mailer served in the 112th Cavalry in the Pacific theatre , where Gore Vidal , enlisted in the US Army Reserve , was master of a supply boat .
Joseph Heller was a bombardier in the 12th Air Force and Kurt Vonnegut a private in the 106th Infantry Division .
Jerome David Salinger , drafted into the 4th Infantry Division of the 12th Infantry Regiment , fought on D - Day .
Saul Bellow , though Canadian by birth and older than the others , signed up for the Merchant Navy .
Apart from Salinger , this squadron of future novelists saw little military action – Mailer was mainly utilised as a cook and Vonnegut rapidly became a prisoner of war – but all had found material for stories .
Indeed , Mailer was clear that he had joined the army with the hope of writing the novel that became The Naked and the Dead ( 1948 ) .
Bellow 's first novel , Dangling Man , drew on the war period , while Vidal 's experiences at sea gave him the title for a volume of memoirs – Point to Point Navigation – and a combatant 's jaundiced perspective which informed his long sequence of historical novels about the growth of American military ambition : Chronicles of Empire .
But the 1939 - 45 conflict ( 1941 - 45 , in American terms ) was not just a compelling subject for the country 's writers ; it was , for some , a passport to authorship .
The Servicemen 's Readjustment Act of 1944 ( colloquially known as the GI Bill ) was almost voted down by the nation 's politicians – opponents citing anti-socialist objections similar to those afflicting Obama 's healthcare proposals now – but it transformed the nation 's education .
Before this legislation , the level of college fees largely restricted entry to the children of the wealthy but a provision in the GI Bill to fund the studies of veterans democratised teaching .
By 1947 , just under half of undergraduates were recipients of this generosity .
Among them were Mailer and Bellow – who wrote early novels in Paris , courtesy of servicemen readjustment grants – and Heller and Vonnegut .
Towards the end of his life – when we spoke in New York– Vonnegut had not forgotten the lucky consequences of war service for himself and others of his generation : " Heller and I would have been washing machine salesmen if it was n't for the GI Bill . "
The greatest of the novels that this legislation enabled Heller and Vonnegut to write are striking examples of the centrality of war to modern US literature .
Both writers took two decades to turn their experience of conflict – Heller in the belly of bomber planes , Vonnegut as a PoW during the fire - bombing of Dresden – into books which , coincidentally , turned tragic events into savage comedy and had numbers in their name : Catch - 22 ( 1962 ) and Slaughterhouse - Five ( 1969 ) .
Because of their lengthy gestation , these novels accidentally became handbooks of the anti-Vietnam protesters , and this is a striking example of the overlaps that tend to occur in America 's literature of conflict .
The same authors inspired and educated by the second world war remained involved – on the page at least – in subsequent 20th - century battles .
Mailer published the polemic Why Are We in Vietnam ? and The ­Armies of the Night , an account of a great anti-Vietnam march on Washington which records the literary odd couple he formed in that protest with Robert Lowell , the poet who had been imprisoned for conscientious objection during the war in Europe .
And , in his final years , Mailer railed – as did his contemporary , Vonnegut – against the last American military intervention of their lifetimes : the invasion of Iraq .
The latter , in A Man Without a Country , as a German - American once incarcerated in Dresden , even compared the administration of George W Bush to the Nazis .
During Vietnam , a Lowell poem predicted that America would be involved in " small war on the heels of small war , until the end of time " .
And , though we hopefully still have some time to go , this has so far proved accurate .
A nation established by victory over the British – and , within a century , almost split by civil conflict – developed , after its unarguable role as the saviour of ­Europe , a doctrine of allegedly defensive interventions overseas which turned its authors into war reporters .
Even those who were teenagers during the second world war have contributed to the conflict literature : Roth , in The War Against America ; John Updike in Terrorist ; and EL Doctorow who , during the Bush years , published The March ( a civil war novel ) and Homer and Langley , set in the early 40 s but in which the accounts of GIs sending home recordings to their families inevitably made us think of current troops in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Stories of one war that clips at the heels of another .
And , in recent US history , definitions of peacetime have been relative : violent divisions over race , place and wealth – some of them dating from the civil war – have meant that even non-war stories are often conflict literature .
The critic Harold Bloom told me that Cormac McCarthy 's Blood Meridian ( 1985 ) – in which the wounds of the 19th century bleed copiously – has some claim to be the greatest modern American novel because it deals with the nation 's deep tendency to violence .
Bloom 's view has perhaps recently been vindicated by the growing sense ( helped by high - profile movies of No Country for Old Men and The Road ) that McCarthy is now the country 's most fashionable serious writer – although the 76 - year - old from Rhode Island , who latterly adopted Texas as his home and literary location – has done almost nothing to encourage that popularity .
One of the major pleasures of my long investigation of American writing was meeting writers who have been heroes since I read as a teenager the Penguins and Picadors which – now yellowed and buckled – became research material 30 years later .
Time and again , the jacket photographs miraculously came to life .
Norman Mailer , standing in greeting at the top of his tall house in Brooklyn Heights , with its view to the Statue of Liberty , and growling , in a perfect parody of his reputation for obsession with masculinity : " You 're a big man .
Do you box ?
You should box . "
Philip Roth skittish and wickedly jokey as the technical preparations were made , sombre and professorial as soon as the interviews began .
Joyce Carol Oates , one of the most vociferous writers in literary history ( around 150 publications , including all pseudonyms and genres ) , so softly spoken in a Princeton University office that she could hardly be heard over the purr of the heating .
Toni Morrison , giving a magisterial reading and analysis of America on the brink of electing Obama .
John Updike , arriving at a snowy Boston hotel , wearing a black knitted cap and clutching a Dunkin Donuts cup of decaf coffee .
And just hearing these voices was a kind of literary criticism .
The theatre director Sir Peter Hall once said that if you want to know how a play should sound on stage , you should listen to the playwright speaking , because the tone of authors ' prose or dialogue will generally reflect their speech patterns .
And I thought of that as Edward Albee – on a summer day in a Soho loft filled with an impressive art collection made possible by the royalties from Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? , Three Tall Women and The Goat – delivered witty , twinkly , stinging sentences about his plays and his critics .
In this odd position of having coffee with set - texts , I also often thought of the narrator of The Catcher in the Rye who comments that a good story makes you want to get the author on the telephone and talk to him .
But , as Salinger possibly realised with a quiet laugh even in 1951 , the writer of those lines was among the few , in an age of strenuous literary publicity , from whom we never heard .
The paradox of Am lit is that it is notable for possessing both the most publicity - conscious writers in literary history – Mailer had an eye for photo - ops generally only found in reality TV contestants – and the most publicity - shy .
Salinger refused interviews and public appearances throughout his career , an example followed by Harper Lee and Thomas Pynchon .
For decades , the only pictures of Salinger and Pynchon were school yearbook photos , captured before they took their vows of invisibility .
Eventually , the Salinger gallery extended to two exhibits , when a paparazzo snapped him on an errand .
Don DeLillo – who featured a reclusive writer in his novel Mao II – told me that this image of a startled old man looking over his shoulder at the shutter - click he had for so long avoided is one of the most upsetting he has ever seen .
But that – as the illustrations to the obituary coverage showed – did not stop a couple of other cameras subsequently snapping him .
Perhaps the reason for this Mailer / Salinger dichotomy – one happy to run for public office , the other running from the clicking shutter – is that literary fame in the US is potentially so vast that responses need to be extreme : absolute promiscuity , total celibacy .
Those who have tried to take a middle path of occasional cooperation – Roth , McCarthy – have suffered intrusive coverage and unwanted attention .
The level of visibility that a major writer is offered may be one explanation for the centrality of the self in modern American literature .
Mailer , in a literary equivalent of a conversational tactic pioneered by sportsmen , frequently wrote about himself in the surname third - person , a tactic which can be seen as ego but which may also have acknowledged the increasing impossibility , in a time of furious curiosity about writers , of the observing character being a neutral " I " .
In a similar strategy , Roth and Updike responded to the increasingly looming presence of the alter ego who was out there selling the books – and , often , being described and reviewed as brutally as the novels – by summoning up fictional surrogates .
Roth ( Nathan Zuckerman ) , Updike ( Henry Bech ) – these novelists like to write about writers .
Vonnegut 's characters included a science fiction author called Kilgore Trout , who feels like a self - portrait , and three of the major novels of John Irving – The World According to Garp , A Widow for One Year and Last Night in Twisted River – have protagonists who are novelists .
These authorial stand - ins can be viewed as self - indulgence but a more charitable interpretation would be that they are self - protection against the energetic efforts , in American letters , to appropriate a writer 's identity .
Bellow , although offering no authorly surrogate as openly declared as Zuckerman or Bech , seems to have been a routinely autobiographical writer , once describing each of his novels as " a bulletin on my own condition " .
Fairly typically , when Bellow left the university where he was teaching for Bucharest , to visit the mother of his then wife , the result was The Dean 's December ( 1982 ) , in which an American academic takes a trip to see his mother - in - law in Romania .
The story also incorporates , flimsily rewritten , two actual murders that had occurred contemporaneously in his home city of Chicago .
Such direct memoir is often seen as a weakness in fiction : " All the men are Saul and the women are the wives " has been a frequent complaint against Bellow 's novels ; Harold Bloom made a version of it when we met .
But we only know because we know ; if Bellow had done a Pynchon or Salinger , we might have taken the events in Bucharest as vivid imagination .
And so one of the consequences of the industrialisation of publicity in the US book business has been to expose the origins of novels in a way that can then be turned against them .
Many of the ­nation 's ­poets , however , have willingly participated in this striptease , without apparent misgivings .
At least Bellow 's bulletins on his own condition changed the names and occasional details .
The output of a group of New England ­poets – Lowell ( 1917 - 1977 ) , Sylvia Plath ( 1932 -63 ) and Anne Sexton ( 1928 - 74 ) – perfected the genre of " confessional " verse , in which the life ( and , in the cases of Plath and Sexton , likely future death by suicide ) frequently seems to undergo little change beyond rhythmic shaping to fit the lines .
This verse was often literally therapeutic – Lowell , Plath and Sexton were all treated at the same psychiatric clinic in Massachusetts – but began a debate about whether the genre should sometimes be subject to an equivalent of medical confidentiality .
Lowell – in Notebook ( 1969 ) and The Dolphin ( 1973 ) – quoted directly from the letters of an ex-wife .
Whether or not this was ethical , it was true to two increasingly important ideas in American culture during this period : the primacy of the self and a prejudice that fact had more validity than fiction .
Those perceptions also drove an influential new genre which emerged at the same time as confessional poetry : the new journalism .
Tom Wolfe ( born in 1931 ) and Hunter S Thompson ( 1937-2005 ) overturned two well - cemented tenets of American journalism – the reporter as a discreet , objective presence , and a reverence for fact over opinion – to create a new strain of factual narrative in which the reporter is a star of the story .
Books such as Wolfe 's The Kandy - Kolored Tangerine - Flake Streamline Baby ( 1965 ) and Thompson 's Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail ( 1973 ) introduced the devices of fiction to journalism and would eventually encourage the same development in reverse .
Perhaps conscious that arguably the finest work of new journalism had been written by a novelist – Mailer 's The Executioner 's Song ( 1980 ) , which recreated , in visceral physical and psychological detail , the life of the murderer Gary Gilmore – Wolfe responded , within a decade , by producing the finest novel written by a new journalist :
The Bonfire of the Vanities ( 1987 ) .
In promoting this book , he also provoked a long - running and entertaining feud with career novelists – including the New England Johns , Irving and Updike – by suggesting that their work was insufficiently observant of the real world .
This energising slippage between fact and fiction continues in the work of two of the most exciting talents of the new generation : Jonathan Safran Foer 's Everything Is Illuminated ( 2002 ) , published as fiction , and A Heart - Breaking Work of Staggering Genius ( 2000 ) by Dave Eggers , released as non-fiction , are both genre - crossing family memoirs that combine agonising truth with storytelling tricks and have unreliable narrators with the author 's own name .
True to one of the key developments in modern American writing , ­Safran Foer and Eggers achieved literary celebrity through first books that acted as though they already had it .
The ambition of the nation 's prose writers is a commonplace of American literary studies : the idea that its ­authors are competing to compose the great American novel .
But this contest is probably a myth – was n't it won , as early as 1851 , by Herman Melville 's Moby - Dick ?
A different source of extraordinary boldness and scope is American theatre .
Between the eve of the second world war and the beginning of the 1960s , a series of plays appeared which revolutionised American drama : Thornton Wilder 's Our Town ( 1938 ) , The Glass Menagerie ( 1944 ) and A Streetcar Named Desire ( 1947 ) by Tennessee Williams , Arthur Miller 's Death of a Salesman ( 1949 ) and Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? ( 1962 ) by Albee .
Each of these dramas is set predominantly within a domestic residence of its era and has a surface of realism ; each has become a standard of the classroom and the provincial theatre repertoire , with the stamp of conservatism that such endorsements inevitably bring .
Yet all of these plays contain significant non-naturalistic or experimental elements : dream sequences or flashes forward or back .
Seeing Our Town last year – in the acclaimed off - Broadway revival by David Cromer for the Barrow Street Theatre – I was startled by the darkness and strangeness , in both structure and tone , of a script which I remembered as a linear hymn to small - town life .
No sooner are characters introduced than the audience is told of when and how they will die horribly ; an entire act takes place in a graveyard filled with people looking back on unfulfilled lives .
British theatre did not achieve a radical change in content and form until the 50s and 60s – driven first by John Osborne 's stable - cleansing Look Back in Anger and then the abolition of censorship by the Lord Chamberlain 's office – but the equivalent breakthrough in the playhouses of the US occurred at least a decade and a half earlier .
It is also notable that America 's dramatists , though the mecca of their profession has always been the commercial stages of Broadway , consistently questioned the optimistic rhetoric of politicians and businessmen about the supremacy of its way of living .
The dominant figure of postwar American drama is the fantasist or liar with a life which is in some way unsustainable : Miller 's Willy Loman , Williams 's Blanche DuBois , Albee 's George and Martha .
This radicalism of tone and structure continued among the younger generation of dramatists .
Though the leader of the new pack is a minimalist – David Mamet , whose plays , including American Buffalo and Glengarry Glen Ross , rarely detain the audience beyond two hours – US stages still spawn plays of a scale more commonly associated with multi-episode television serials .
Tony Kushner 's Angels in America ( 1992 ) runs , across its two parts , for around six hours and , as its subtitle ( " A Gay Fantasia on National Themes " ) makes clear , follows those pioneering plays of the immediate postwar period in mixing the naturalistic with the non-realistic and even the supernatural .
So too does August Wilson 's The Pittsburgh Cycle ( 1982-2005 ) , which has an architecture even larger than Kushner 's : 10 plays , each dealing with a different decade of African - American history in the 20th century .
Wilson also moved freely between fact and fantasy : his characters include a 322 - year - old woman .
The most recent serious play to become a box - office hit on Broadway – August : Osage County ( 2007 ) by Tracy Letts – is another of these daring constructs : a three - act , three - hour - plus attempt to show that domestic tragedy can still be written in an ironic age .
Though working within a system that worships commerce – Miller , Williams and Albee all suffered spells of neglect in which they were grateful for subsidised theatre in the UK – American playwrights have , when it comes to form and politics , consistently dared to go for broke .
Writers are frequently seen as being unworldly figures , but , as it turns out , the White House and the CIA would have been better prepared for 9/11 if they had read American novelists and dramatists rather than field reports .
After the attacks , the intelligence community reportedly consulted Hollywood screenwriters about likely future threats , having spotted that movies such as Die Hard anticipated the methods and level of terrorist threat to the US , but they might just as fruitfully have called in DeLillo , Charles McCarry and Kushner .
DeLillo's most resonant books so far have examined the politics of the American past – Libra ( 1981 ) , about the JFK assassination and Underworld ( 1997 ) , exploring the cold war era – but his earlier fiction proves to have been percipient .
Though the threat of terrorism entered general consciousness in the US only after 9/11 , it figured in DeLillo 's work from the 70s , an insight he attributed to having lived in Greece .
McCarry is a former servant of the secret world – working as a CIA agent under deep cover in Asia and the Middle East during the cold war – who now has some claim to be the best - kept secret on the great American writers shelf .
His The Tears of Autumn ( 1974 ) is one of the three best literary explorations of the JFK assassination – the others are Libra and Mailer 's Oswald 's Tale ( 1995 ) – and the one which perhaps explains most plausibly what happened .
Though far less well known than John le Carré , McCarry has been just as geopolitically aware and is the writer who came closest to directly predicting the 11 September attacks .
His book The Better Angels ( 1979 ) includes suicide bombers sending planes against America , directed by an Arab malcontent whom contemporary readers will inevitably visualise as Osama bin Laden .
Kushner 's play Homebody / ­Kabul ( 2001 ) , written before the attacks , includes an Afghan character warning Americans that the Taliban are " coming to New York " .
In the interviews they gave at what turned out to be , in too many cases , the end of their lives , the great fictionalists of the US were almost uniformly gloomy about the future of serious writing .
Mailer and Updike detected the retreat of a readership for complex stories .
Among living practitioners ,
Albee feared that Broadway ticket prices mean that only sentimentality and spectacle can sell , complaining of the " middlebrowism that is afflicting American theatre because it is a commercial theatre " .
Roth was also concerned about a coarsening of culture : " The population of intelligent , attentive readers capable of concentration and focus of the kind that is required by a serious novel . . . has decreased .
Not because there are n't the same number of intelligent people around but because they have been torn away like Lady Macbeth says she tore away the child from her breast .
They have been torn away from the breast of literature by the screen . "
Vidal , with characteristic dyspepsia , argued that America cannot have suffered a cultural decline because " we never had a culture " , but accepted that his earlier work was published at a more receptive time : " The attention of readers has shifted away . . . it feels to me very much like a dying moment for literary culture in my country . "
The history of sport , though , warns us that the great players of the past are prone to believing that the finest achievements belonged to their own era and will not be bettered by the disappointing generation which follows .
A more optimistic reading is that intelligent literary culture will adapt to the new conditions of the marketplace and may be revived , as the country always has been , by immigration .
The Jewish - American , Irish - American , ­African - American and European - ­American writers of the great postwar generations may be followed by authors who are , say , Indian - American ( Jhumpa Lahiri , left , with Unaccustomed Earth ) , Dominican - American ( Junot Díaz 's The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao ) or Korean - American ( Chang - rae Lee , whose novel The Surrendered , published this spring , extends the nation 's rich war literature by treating the ­Korean war from an Asian perspective ) .
With these books and others , a new phase is beginning .
Capturing America begins on Radio 4 on 11 February at 11.30 am .
To listen to Mark Lawson 's interviews with American writers visit bbc.co.uk/radio4 /
A nursery worker allegedly force - fed babies their own vomit and put blankets over the faces of those who would not sleep , Croydon Crown Court has heard .
Laura Pettitt , 27 , is also alleged to have thrown children about at Little Stars nursery in Bromley , south London .
Ms Pettitt , of Beckenham , denies 10 counts of child cruelty between January 2006 and November 2008 .
Among the counts are accusations she roughly shook a baby born prematurely and refused to change dirty nappies .
It is alleged one youngster was left with a grazed nose after Ms Pettitt threw him onto a sofa while in a temper .
' Lost her temper '
Ms Pettitt worked at the nursery for seven years , becoming manager of the baby room .
After her arrest in January 2009 Ms Pettitt said colleagues invented " malicious " lies after learning she was a lesbian .
Prosecutor Tana Adkin said : " Laura Pettitt , when she lost her temper and the babies would not do her will , would treat them roughly in a manner that amounts to cruelty .
" She would force - feed them , causing them to vomit , shout at them , and throw soft toys at them from time to time and leave them in their soiled nappies refusing to clean them . "
Ms Adkin added that Pettitt left another boy " gagging and gasping for breath " after she force - fed him until he vomited and " seemed to find it amusing " .
The allegations came to light after nursery assistant Nicola Fiddler complained that Pettitt used her foot to push a child 's head so hard it began crying .
She told nursery management but felt the complaint was not taken seriously , and went to the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children .
Social services and the police were then informed .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Two Palestinians who tried attacking soldiers with a pitchfork and a broken beer bottle were shot dead by the IDF on Sunday near Nablus , bringing to four the number of Palestinians killed by the military in 24 hours .
The incident took place in the morning at a random checkpoint that four soldiers from the Kfir Brigade ’s Nachshon Battalion had set up in a field east of Nablus , just below the settlement of Itamar .
The field is off limits to Palestinians without authorization from the Civil Administration of Judea and Samaria .
The two Palestinians , both 19 , approached the checkpoint dressed as farmers .
The soldiers separated the two and asked them for their identity cards , which the two claimed they did not have with them .
After several minutes , one of the Palestinians began mumbling what appeared to be a prayer in Arabic and then pulled out a beer bottle filled with stones , lifted it in the air and began moving towards one of the soldiers , who opened fire and killed him .
The second Palestinian , who was carrying a half - meter - long pitchfork , pulled out a syringe and stormed another soldier , who opened fire and shot him as well .
“ There is a violent atmosphere in the West Bank today that has increased the level of violence in general , which can potentially spin out of control , ” said one IDF source .
Palestinian Authority security sources identified the men as Muhammad Faysal and Salah Muhammad Kawarik , the Ma’an news agency reported .
Both were from the Awarta village , southeast of Nablus , and were on their way , according to the Palestinian news agency , to farmland while carrying agricultural tools and pesticide .
IDF sources said that the soldiers at the checkpoint likely thwarted a larger - scale attack that the two Palestinians had intended to carry out in Itamar .
The IDF continued investigating the deaths of two 16 - year - old Palestinians who were killed during an anti-Israel protest on Saturday at the village of Burin , also near Nablus .
IDF sources said that the Central Command was considering launching a criminal investigation into the incident .
Useid Kadus , 16 , was shot in the head , medics said , and Muhammad Kadus , also 16 , died of a wound to the chest .
The IDF stressed that soldiers were under strict orders to use rubber bullets to disperse the demonstration .
The military did , however , admit that rubber bullets are not supposedto kill , and that the IDF was considering launching a Military Policeinvestigation to check whether one of the soldiers had used live firein violation of orders .
A recent comment by Mindy provided an interesting insight into how many people view frugality :
I know I ’m a little late coming to this discussion but , unless I missed it among the large volume of comments , no one is counting the amount of time spent making stuff in order to save .
The link to the laundry detergent got me thinking about this .
Sounds like a [ significant amount ] of time in order to save 27 cents per load of wash ( I ’m pretty sure that ’s the statistic he quotes ) .
The question at hand revolved around my recipe for homemade laundry detergent .
I estimated that my homemade detergent would save about eighteen cents per load over buying Tide with Bleach in bulk .
For many people , that ’s an open and shut case right there .
Eighteen cents ?
For fifteen minutes of effort ?
That ’s enough to make people walk away without even considering the solution any further .
If I were to only save eighteen cents from fifteen minutes of work , I would n’t bother , either , but here ’s the catch : most frugal solutions take advantage of scale .
To put it simply , the recipe is worthwhile not because you save eighteen cents per load , but because that batch of detergent you make takes care of fifty two loads of laundry .
I ’m not just saving eighteen cents with that fifteen minutes .
I ’m saving fifty two times that much – $ 9.36 , to be exact .
In terms of a comparable wage , that ’s $ 37.44 an hour after taxes for the time spent making the detergent .
The same principle applies to many frugal projects .
Take my homemade breakfast burritos .
The procedure for making breakfast burritos takes about an hour and each burrito has about seventy cents worth of ingredients in it .
In terms of one burrito , it ’s not a bargain at all – you can get a breakfast burrito for $ 2 pretty easily ( although I think mine tastes better ) .
However , the recipe makes thirty two burritos at once – you can then store them in the freezer for future use .
This cuts the time commitment per burrito to less than two minutes , meaning that your hourly rate after taxes for making the burritos is somewhere on the order of $ 39 .
You can see the same benefit from many different frugal projects .
Installing a programmable thermostat , for example , might take you an hour , will cost you $ 40 or so , and will only shave $ 5 or $ 10 off of your monthly energy bill .
However , you ’re saving that $ 5 or $ 10 off of every energy bill thereafter without any change in effort .
After five years , your hourly rate after taxes for installing that thermostat is $ 410 per hour .
The catch , of course , is that you do n’t see the savings up front .
Instead , it ’s metered out gradually to you over time .
Each time you eat a homemade burrito , you ’re quietly saving $ 1.30 .
When you use a cup of the detergent , you only save eighteen cents .
And it ’s that catch that keeps many people from seeing the bigger picture and taking advantage of how much money frugality can really save you .
Try this : take a lazy Saturday and fill it with frugal projects that have a good long term return for your time investment .
Install some energy efficient light bulbs .
Install a programmable thermostat .
Make a batch of homemade breakfast burritos and maybe a few casseroles for the freezer .
Make a batch of homemade laundry detergent .
Put your home entertainment center on a single switch so you can cut power to all the devices with just a wrist flick .
Swap out your laundry softener with white vinegar .
At the end of that day , you wo n’t have saved any money .
In fact , you ’ll have spent quite a bit , and you ’ll have used up a day .
What happens next is where frugality pays off .
You ’ll quietly find yourself spending a lot less money than you used to spend in your monthly budget .
It ’s suddenly far easier to make ends meet than before .
Your food bills are cheaper .
Your household supply budget is cheaper .
Your energy bill is cheaper .
Much of the time , the bills stay cheaper , too .
Then , start applying that savings to your debts – or to your long term savings .
You ’ll quickly find that those silly frugality tips , like saving a quarter on your laundry load , are n’t that silly after all .
Baroness
Tonge made her comments to the Jewish Chronicle The Liberal Democrat leader has sacked his health spokeswoman in the House of Lords after comments she made about alleged organ trafficking in Haiti .
Jenny Tonge told the Jewish Chronicle there should be an inquiry into claims that Israeli troops sent there after the earthquake were trafficking organs .
Nick Clegg said the comments were " wrong , distasteful and provocative " and dismissed her from her post .
He said she apologised " unreservedly " for any offence she had caused .
The peer is a patron of the news website , the Palestine Telegraph , which printed the allegations .
It claimed that members of the Israel Defence Forces ( IDF ) , sent to help with the humanitarian effort after Haiti 's devastating quake , were selling human organs .
' Highly offensive ' Baroness Tonge told the Jewish Chronicle : " To prevent allegations such as these - which have already been posted on You Tube - going any further , the IDF and the Israeli Medical Association should establish an independent inquiry immediately to clear the names of the team in Haiti . "
If I had to live in that situation ...
I might just consider becoming one myself
Jenny Tonge , speaking about Palestinian suicide bombers in 2004
In a statement released on Friday evening , Nick Clegg said the allegations were " highly offensive " .
" The comments were wrong , distasteful and provocative and I recognise the deep and understandable distress they have caused to the Jewish community , " he said .
" While I do not believe that Jenny Tonge is anti-semitic or racist , I regard her comments as wholly unacceptable .
" Jenny Tonge apologises unreservedly for the offence she has caused . "
It is not the first time that Baroness Tonge has been dismissed from a party post .
In 2004 , when she was still an MP , then Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy asked her to quit as children 's spokeswoman following remarks she made about Palestinian suicide bombers .
She told a pro-Palestinian lobby group : " If I had to live in that situation - and I say that advisedly - I might just consider becoming one myself . "
She retired as an MP after the incident , but entered the House of Lords .
In 2006 , she was reprimanded by Lib Dem whips after saying the party was " probably in the grip " of the pro-Israel lobby .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A front - page New York Times article by Rod Nordland on the aftermath of a recent U.S. Marine offensive in Helmand Province , opium poppy - growing capital of the planet , began this way : “ The effort to win over Afghans on former Taliban turf in Marja has put American and NATO commanders in the unusual position of arguing against opium eradication , pitting them against some Afghan officials who are pushing to destroy the harvest . ”
Given the nature of Afghanistan -- the planet ’s foremost narco - state -- such conundrums are only likely to multiply as war commander General Stanley McChrystal implements his strategy for pushing back the Taliban in southern Afghanistan and securing the embattled southern city of Kandahar and its environs .
Since Afghanistan now grows the opium poppies that provide more than 90 % of the world ’s opium , the raw material for the production of heroin , it ’s not surprising that drug - trade news and war news intersect from time to time .
More surprising is how seldom poppy growing and the drug trade are portrayed as anything but ancillary to our Afghan War .
Fortunately , TomDispatch regular Alfred McCoy has been focused on the drug trade -- and the American role in fostering it -- in Southeast , Central , and South Asia for a long time .
In the Vietnam era , the CIA actually tried to suppress his classic book ( since updated with a chapter on Afghanistan ) , The Politics of Heroin : CIA Complicity in the Global Drug Trade .
He ’s been following the story ever since , and now for TomDispatch he offers what may be the first full - scale report that puts the drug trade in its proper place , right at the center of America ’s 30 - year war in Afghanistan .
It ’s a grim yet remarkable story , full of surprises , that makes new sense of the bind in which the U.S. military now finds itself in that country .
( And check out the latest TomCast audio interview in which McCoy discusses just who is complicit in the Afghan opium trade by clicking here or , if you prefer to download it to your iPod , here . )
Tom
At a carefully staged meet - and - greet with some 200 villagers , however , the vice - president and provincial governor faced some unexpected , unscripted anger .
" If they come with tractors , " one Afghani widow announced to a chorus of supportive shouts from her fellow farmers , " they will have to roll over me and kill me before they can kill my poppy . "
After a week of fighting , U.S. war commander General Stanley A. McChrystal choppered into town with Afghanistan 's vice - president and Helmand 's provincial governor .
Their mission : a media roll - out for the general 's new - look counterinsurgency strategy based on bringing government to remote villages just like Marja .
After a year of cautious debate and costly deployments , President Obama finally launched his new Afghan war strategy at 2:40 am on February 13 , 2010 , in a remote market town called Marja in southern Afghanistan 's Helmand Province .
As a wave of helicopters descended on Marja 's outskirts spitting up clouds of dust , hundreds of U.S. Marines dashed through fields sprouting opium poppies toward the town 's mud-walled compounds .
In ways that have escaped most observers , the Obama administration is now trapped in an endless cycle of drugs and death in Afghanistan from which there is neither an easy end nor an obvious exit .
For these poppy growers and thousands more like them , the return of government control , however contested , brought with it a perilous threat : opium eradication .
Throughout all the shooting and shouting , American commanders seemed strangely unaware that Marja might qualify as the world 's heroin capital -- with hundreds of laboratories , reputedly hidden inside the area 's mud -brick houses , regularly processing the local poppy crop into high - grade heroin .
After all , the surrounding fields of Helmand Province produce a remarkable 40 % of the world 's illicit opium supply , and much of this harvest has been traded in Marja .
Rushing through those opium fields to attack the Taliban on day one of this offensive , the Marines missed their real enemy , the ultimate force behind the Taliban insurgency , as they pursued just the latest crop of peasant guerrillas whose guns and wages are funded by those poppy plants .
" You can't win this war , " said one U.S. Embassy official just back from inspecting these opium districts , " without taking on drug production in Helmand Province . "
Indeed , as Air Force One headed for Kabul Sunday , National Security Adviser James L. Jones assured reporters that President Obama would try to persuade Afghan President Hamid Karzai to prioritize " battling corruption , taking the fight to the narco - traffickers . "
The drug trade , he added , " provides a lot of the economic engine for the insurgents . "
Just as these Marja farmers spoiled General McChrystal 's media event , so their crop has subverted every regime that has tried to rule Afghanistan for the past 30 years .
During the CIA 's covert war in the 1980s , opium financed the mujahedeen or " freedom fighters " ( as President Ronald Reagan called them ) who finally forced the Soviets to abandon the country and then defeated its Marxist client state .
In the late 1990s , the Taliban , which had taken power in most of the country , lost any chance for international legitimacy by protecting and profiting from opium -- and then , ironically , fell from power only months after reversing course and banning the crop .
Since the US military intervened in 2001 , a rising tide of opium has corrupted the government in Kabul while empowering a resurgent Taliban whose guerrillas have taken control of ever larger parts of the Afghan countryside .
These three eras of almost constant warfare fueled a relentless rise in Afghanistan 's opium harvest -- from just 250 tons in 1979 to 8,200 tons in 2007 .
For the past five years , the Afghan opium harvest has accounted for as much as 50 % of the country 's gross domestic product ( GDP ) and provided the prime ingredient for over 90 % of the world 's heroin supply .
The ecological devastation and societal dislocation from these three war - torn decades has woven opium so deeply into the Afghan grain that it defies solution by Washington 's best and brightest ( as well as its most inept and least competent ) .
Caroming between ignoring the opium crop and demanding its total eradication , the Bush administration dithered for seven years while heroin boomed , and in doing so helped create a drug economy that corrupted and crippled the government of its ally , President Karzai .
In recent years , opium farming has supported 500,000 Afghan families , nearly 20 % of the country 's estimated population , and funds a Taliban insurgency that has , since 2006 , spread across the countryside .
To understand the Afghan War , one basic point must be grasped : in poor nations with weak state services , agriculture is the foundation for all politics , binding villagers to the government or warlords or rebels .
The ultimate aim of counterinsurgency strategy is always to establish the state 's authority .
When the economy is illicit and by definition beyond government control , this task becomes monumental .
If the insurgents capture that illicit economy , as the Taliban have done , then the task becomes little short of insurmountable .
Opium is an illegal drug , but Afghanistan 's poppy crop is still grounded in networks of social trust that tie people together at each step in the chain of production .
Crop loans are necessary for planting , labor exchange for harvesting , stability for marketing , and security for shipment .
So dominant and problematic is the opium economy in Afghanistan today that a question Washington has avoided for the past nine years must be asked :
Can anyone pacify a full - blown narco - state ?
The answer to this critical question lies in the history of the three Afghan wars in which Washington has been involved over the past 30 years -- the CIA covert warfare of the 1980s , the civil war of the 1990s ( fueled at its start by $ 900 million in CIA funding ) , and since 2001 , the U.S. invasion , occupation , and counterinsurgency campaigns .
In each of these conflicts , Washington has tolerated drug trafficking by its Afghan allies as the price of military success -- a policy of benign neglect that has helped make Afghanistan today the world 's number one narco - state .
CIA Covert Warfare , Spreading Poppy Fields , and Drug Labs : the 1980s
Opium first emerged as a key force in Afghan politics during the CIA covert war against the Soviets , the last in a series of secret operations that it conducted along the mountain rim-lands of Asia which stretch for 5,000 miles from Turkey to Thailand .
In the late 1940s , as the Cold War was revving up , the United States first mounted covert probes of communism 's Asian underbelly .
For 40 years thereafter , the CIA fought a succession of secret wars along this mountain rim -- in Burma during the 1950s , Laos in the 1960s , and Afghanistan in the 1980s .
In one of history 's ironic accidents , the southern reach of communist China and the Soviet Union had coincided with Asia 's opium zone along this same mountain rim , drawing the CIA into ambiguous alliances with the region 's highland warlords .
Washington 's first Afghan war began in 1979 , when the Soviet Union invaded the country to save a Marxist client regime in Kabul , the Afghan capital .
Seeing an opportunity to wound its Cold War enemy , the Reagan administration worked closely with Pakistan 's military dictatorship in a ten - year CIA campaign to expel the Soviets .
This was , however , a covert operation unlike any other in the Cold War years .
First , the collision of CIA secret operations and Soviet conventional warfare led to the devastation of Afghanistan 's fragile highland ecology , damaging its traditional agriculture beyond immediate recovery , and fostering a growing dependence on the international drug trade .
Of equal import , instead of conducting this covert warfare on its own as it had in Laos in the Vietnam War years , the CIA outsourced much of the operation to Pakistan 's Inter - Service Intelligence ( ISI ) , which soon became a powerful and ever more problematic ally .
When the ISI proposed its Afghan client , Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , as overall leader of the anti-Soviet resistance , Washington -- with few alternatives -- agreed .
Over the next 10 years , the CIA supplied some $ 2 billion to Afghanistan 's mujahedeen through the ISI , half to Hekmatyar , a violent fundamentalist infamous for throwing acid at unveiled women at Kabul University and , later , murdering rival resistance leaders .
As the CIA operation was winding down in May 1990 , the Washington Post published a front - page article charging that its key ally , Hekmatyar , was operating a chain of heroin laboratories inside Pakistan under the protection of the ISI .
Although this area had zero heroin production in the mid-1970s , the CIA 's covert war served as the catalyst that transformed the Afghan - Pakistan borderlands into the world 's largest heroin producing region .
As mujahedeen guerrillas captured prime agricultural areas inside Afghanistan in the early 1980s , they began collecting a revolutionary poppy tax from their peasant supporters .
Once the Afghan guerrillas brought the opium across the border , they sold it to hundreds of Pakistani heroin labs operating under the ISI 's protection .
Between 1981 and 1990 , Afghanistan 's opium production grew ten - fold -- from 250 tons to 2,000 tons .
After just two years of covert CIA support for the Afghan guerrillas , the U.S. Attorney General announced in 1981 that Pakistan was already the source of 60 % of the American heroin supply .
Across Europe and Russia , Afghan - Pakistani heroin soon captured an even larger share of local markets , while inside Pakistan itself the number of addicts soared from zero in 1979 to 1.2 million just five years later .
After investing $ 3 billion in Afghanistan 's destruction , Washington just walked away in 1992 , leaving behind a thoroughly ravaged country with over one million dead , five million refugees , 10 - 20 million landmines still in place , an infrastructure in ruins , an economy in tatters , and well - armed tribal warlords prepared to fight among themselves for control of the capital .
Even when Washington finally cut its covert CIA funding at the end of 1991 , however , Pakistan 's ISI continued to back favored local warlords in pursuit of its long - term goal of installing a Pashtun client regime in Kabul .
Druglords , Dragon 's Teeth , and Civil Wars : the 1990s
Throughout the 1990s , ruthless local warlords mixed guns and opium in a lethal brew as part of a brutal struggle for power .
It was almost as if the soil had been sown with those dragons ' teeth of ancient myth that can suddenly sprout into an army of full - grown warriors , who leap from the earth with swords drawn for war .
When northern resistance forces finally captured Kabul from the communist regime , which had outlasted the Soviet withdrawal by three years , Pakistan still backed its client Hekmatyar .
He , in turn , unleashed his artillery on the besieged capital .
The result : the deaths of an estimated 50,000 more Afghans .
Even a slaughter of such monumental proportions , however , could not win power for this unpopular fundamentalist .
So the ISI armed a new force , the Taliban and in September 1996 , it succeeded in capturing Kabul , only to fight the Northern Alliance for the next five years in the valleys to the north of the capital .
During this seemingly unending civil war , rival factions leaned heavily on opium to finance the fighting , more than doubling the harvest to 4,600 tons by 1999 .
Throughout these two decades of warfare and a twenty - fold jump in drug production , Afghanistan itself was slowly transformed from a diverse agricultural ecosystem -- with herding , orchards , and over 60 food crops -- into the world 's first economy dependent on the production of a single illicit drug .
In the process , a fragile human ecology was brought to ruin in an unprecedented way .
Located at the northern edge of the annual monsoon rains , where clouds arrive from the Arabian Sea already squeezed dry , Afghanistan is an arid land .
Its staple food crops have historically been sustained by irrigation systems that rely on snowmelt from the region 's high mountains .
To supplement staples such as wheat , Afghan tribesmen herded vast flocks of sheep and goats hundreds of miles every year to summer pasture in the central uplands .
Most important of all , farmers planted perennial tree crops -- walnut , pistachio , and mulberry -- which thrived because they sink their roots deep into the soil and are remarkably resistant to the region 's periodic droughts , offering relief from the threat of famine in the dry years .
During these two decades of war , however , modern firepower devastated the herds , damaged snowmelt irrigation systems , and destroyed many of the orchards .
While the Soviets simply blasted the landscape with firepower , the Taliban , with an unerring instinct for their society 's economic jugular , violated the unwritten rules of traditional Afghan warfare by cutting down the orchards on the vast Shamali plain north of Kabul .
All these strands of destruction knit themselves into a veritable Gordian knot of human suffering to which opium became the sole solution .
Like Alexander 's legendary sword , it offered a straightforward way to cut through a complex conundrum .
Without any aid to restock their herds , reseed their fields , or replant their orchards , Afghan farmers -- including some 3 million returning refugees -- found sustenance in opium , which had historically been but a small part of their agriculture .
Since poppy cultivation requires nine times more labor per hectare than wheat , opium offered immediate seasonal employment to more than a million Afghans -- perhaps half of those actually employed at the time .
In this ruined land and ravaged economy , opium merchants alone could accumulate capital rapidly and so give poppy farmers crop loans equivalent to more than half their annual incomes , credit critical to the survival of many poor villagers .
In marked contrast to the marginal yields the country 's harsh climate offers most food crops , Afghanistan proved ideal for opium .
On average , each hectare of Afghan poppy land produces three to five times more than its chief competitor , Burma .
Most important of all , in such an arid ecosystem , subject to periodic drought , opium uses less than half the water needed for staples such as wheat .
After taking power in 1996 , the Taliban regime encouraged a nationwide expansion of opium cultivation , doubling production to 4,600 tons , then equivalent to 75 % of the world 's heroin supply .
Signaling its support for drug production , the Taliban regime began collecting a 20 % tax from the yearly opium harvest , earning an estimated $ 100 million in revenues .
In retrospect , the regime 's most important innovation was undoubtedly the introduction of large - scale heroin refining in the environs of the city of Jalalabad .
There , hundreds of crude labs set to work , paying only a modest production tax of $ 70 on every kilo of heroin powder .
According to U.N. researchers , the Taliban also presided over bustling regional opium markets in Helmand and Nangarhar provinces , protecting some 240 top traders there .
During the 1990s , Afghanistan 's soaring opium harvest fueled an international smuggling trade that tied Central Asia , Russia , and Europe into a vast illicit market of arms , drugs , and money - laundering .
It also helped fuel an eruption of ethnic insurgency across a 3,000 - mile swath of land from Uzbekistan in Central Asia to Bosnia in the Balkans .
In July 2000 , however , the Taliban leader Mullah Omar suddenly ordered a ban on all opium cultivation in a desperate bid for international recognition .
Remarkably enough , almost overnight the Taliban regime used the ruthless repression for which it was infamous to slash the opium harvest by 94 % to only 185 metric tons .
By then , however , Afghanistan had become dependent on poppy production for most of its taxes , export income , and employment .
In effect , the Taliban 's ban was an act of economic suicide that brought an already weakened society to the brink of collapse .
This was the unwitting weapon the U.S. wielded when it began its military campaign against the Taliban in October 2001 .
Without opium , the regime was already a hollow shell and essentially imploded at the bursting of the first American bombs .
The Return of the CIA , Opium , and Counterinsurgency : 2001 -
To defeat the Taliban in the aftermath of 9/11 , the CIA successfully mobilized former warlords long active in the heroin trade to seize towns and cities across eastern Afghanistan .
In other words , the Agency and its local allies created ideal conditions for reversing the Taliban 's opium ban and reviving the drug traffic .
Only weeks after the collapse of the Taliban , officials were reporting an outburst of poppy planting in the heroin - heartlands of Helmand and Nangarhar .
At a Tokyo international donors ' conference in January 2002 , Hamid Karzai , the new Prime Minister put in place by the Bush administration , issued a pro forma ban on opium growing -- without any means of enforcing it against the power of these resurgent local warlords .
After investing some three billion dollars in Afghanistan 's destruction during the Cold War , Washington and its allies now proved parsimonious in the reconstruction funds they offered .
At that 2002 Tokyo conference , international donors promised just four billion dollars of an estimated $ 10 billion needed to rebuild the economy over the next five years .
In addition , the total U.S. spending of $ 22 billion for Afghanistan from 2003 to 2007 turned out to be skewed sharply toward military operations , leaving , for instance , just $ 237 million for agriculture .
( And as in Iraq , significant sums from what reconstruction funds were available simply went into the pockets of Western experts , private contractors , and their local counterparts . )
Under these circumstances , no one should have been surprised when , during the first year of the U.S. occupation , Afghanistan 's opium harvest surged to 3,400 tons .
Over the next five years , international donors would contribute $ 8 billion to rebuild Afghanistan , while opium would infuse nearly twice that amount , $ 14 billion , directly into the rural economy without any deductions by either those Western experts or Kabul 's bloated bureaucracy .
While opium production continued its relentless rise , the Bush administration downplayed the problem , outsourcing narcotics control to Great Britain and police training to Germany .
As the lead agency in Allied operations , Donald Rumsfeld 's Defense Department regarded opium as a distraction from its main mission of defeating the Taliban ( and , of course , invading Iraq ) .
Waving away the problem in late 2004 , President Bush said he did not want to " waste another American life on a narco - state . ''
Meanwhile , in their counterinsurgency operations , U.S. forces worked closely with local warlords who proved to be leading druglords .
After five years of the U.S. occupation , Afghanistan 's drug production had swelled to unprecedented proportions .
In August 2007 , the U.N. reported that the country 's record opium crop covered almost 500,000 acres , an area larger than all the coca fields in Latin America .
From a modest 185 tons at the start of American intervention in 2001 , Afghanistan now produced 8,200 tons of opium , a remarkable 53 % of the country 's GDP and 93 % of global heroin supply .
In this way , Afghanistan became the world 's first true " narco- state . "
If a cocaine traffic that provided just 3 % of Colombia 's GDP could bring in its wake endless violence and powerful cartels capable of corrupting that country 's government , then we can only imagine the consequences of Afghanistan 's dependence on opium for more than 50 % of its entire economy .
At a drug conference in Kabul this month , the head of Russia 's Federal Narcotics Service estimated the value of Afghanistan 's current opium crop at $ 65 billion .
Only $ 500 million of that vast sum goes to Afghanistan 's farmers , $ 300 million to the Taliban guerrillas , and the $ 64 billion balance " to the drug mafia , " leaving ample funds to corrupt the Karzai government in a nation whose total GDP is only $ 10 billion .
Indeed , opium 's influence is so pervasive that many Afghan officials , from village leaders to Kabul 's police chief , the defense minister , and the president 's brother , have been tainted by the traffic .
So cancerous and crippling is this corruption that , according to recent U.N. estimates , Afghans are forced to spend a stunning $ 2.5 billion in bribes .
Not surprisingly , the government 's repeated attempts at opium eradication have been thoroughly compromised by what the U.N. has called " corrupt deals between field owners , village elders , and eradication teams . "
Not only have drug taxes funded an expanding guerrilla force , but the Taliban 's role in protecting opium farmers and the heroin merchants who rely on their crop gives them real control over the core of the country 's economy .
In January 2009 , the U.N. and anonymous U.S. " intelligence officials " estimated that drug traffic provided Taliban insurgents with $ 400 million a year .
" Clearly , " commented Defense Secretary Robert Gates , " we have to go after the drug labs and the druglords that provide support to the Taliban and other insurgents . "
In mid-2009 , the U.S. embassy launched a multi-agency effort , called the Afghan Threat Finance Cell , to cut Taliban drug monies through financial controls .
But one American official soon compared this effort to " punching jello . "
By August 2009 , a frustrated Obama administration had ordered the U.S. military to " kill or capture " 50 Taliban - connected druglords who were placed on a classified " kill list . "
Since the record crop of 2007 , opium production has , in fact , declined somewhat -- to 6,900 tons last year ( still over 90 % of the world 's opium supply ) .
While U.N. analysts attribute this 20 % reduction largely to eradication efforts , a more likely cause has been the global glut of heroin that came with the Afghan opium boom , and which had depressed the price of poppies by 34 % .
In fact , even this reduced Afghan opium crop is still far above total world demand , which the U.N. estimates at 5,000 tons per annum .
Preliminary reports on the 2010 Afghan opium harvest , which starts next month , indicate that the drug problem is not going away .
Some U.S. officials who have surveyed Helmand 's opium heartland see signs of an expanded crop .
Even the U.N. drug experts who have predicted a continuing decline in production are not optimistic about long - term trends .
Opium prices might decline for a few years , but the price of wheat and other staple crops is dropping even faster , leaving poppies as by far the most profitable crop for poor Afghan farmers .
Ending the Cycle of Drugs and Death
With its forces now planted in the dragon 's teeth soil of Afghanistan , Washington is locked into what looks to be an unending cycle of drugs and death .
Every spring in those rugged mountains , the snows melt , the opium seeds sprout , and a fresh crop of Taliban fighters takes to the field , many to die by lethal American fire .
And the next year , the snows melt again , fresh poppy shoots break through the soil , and a new crop of teen - aged Taliban fighters pick up arms against America , spilling more blood .
This cycle has been repeated for the past ten years and , unless something changes , can continue indefinitely .
Is there any alternative ?
Even were the cost of rebuilding Afghanistan 's rural economy -- with its orchards , flocks , and food crops -- as high as $ 30 billion or , for that matter , $ 90 billion dollars , the money is at hand .
By conservative estimates , the cost of President Obama 's ongoing surge of 30,000 troops alone is $ 30 billion a year .
So just bringing those 30,000 troops home would create ample funds to begin the rebuilding of rural life in Afghanistan , making it possible for young farmers to begin feeding their families without joining the Taliban 's army .
Short of another precipitous withdrawal akin to 1991 , Washington has no realistic alternative to the costly , long - term reconstruction of Afghanistan 's agriculture .
Beneath the gaze of an allied force that now numbers about 120,000 soldiers , opium has fueled the Taliban 's growth into an omnipresent shadow government and an effective guerrilla army .
The idea that our expanded military presence might soon succeed in driving back that force and handing over pacification to the illiterate , drug - addicted Afghan police and army remains , for the time being , a fantasy .
Quick fixes like paying poppy farmers not to plant , something British and Americans have both tried , can backfire and end up actually promoting yet more opium cultivation .
Rapid drug eradication without alternative employment , something the private contractor DynCorp tried so disastrously under a $ 150 million contract in 2005 , would simply plunge Afghanistan into more misery , stoking mass anger and destabilizing the Kabul government further .
So the choice is clear enough : we can continue to fertilize this deadly soil with yet more blood in a brutal war with an uncertain outcome -- for both the United States and the people of Afghanistan .
Or we can begin to withdraw American forces while helping renew this ancient , arid land by replanting its orchards , replenishing its flocks , and rebuilding the irrigation systems ruined in decades of war .
At this point , our only realistic choice is this sort of serious rural development -- that is , reconstructing the Afghan countryside through countless small - scale projects until food crops become a viable alternative to opium .
To put it simply , so simply that even Washington might understand , you can only pacify a narco - state when it is no longer a narco - state .
Alfred W. McCoy is the J.R.W. Smail Professor of History at the University of Wisconsin - Madison .
He is the author of The Politics of Heroin : CIA Complicity in the Global Drug Trade , which probes the conjuncture of illicit narcotics and covert operations over half a century .
His latest book , Policing America 's Empire : The United States , the Philippines , and the Rise of the Surveillance State , explores the influence of overseas counterinsurgency operations on the spread of internal security measures at home .
To check out the latest TomCast audio interview in which McCoy discusses just who is complicit in the Afghan opium trade , click here or , if you prefer to download it to your iPod , here .
Copyright 2010 Alfred W. McCoy
$ \begingroup $
I have heard it said that tensor products are the hardest thing in mathematics .
Of course that 's not really true , but certainly a fluent understanding of how to work with tensor products is one of the dividing lines in your education from basic to advanced mathematics .
Disclaimer :
What I will discuss here are tensor products in the sense of linear algebra , so only tensor products of individual vector spaces rather than tensor fields ( which is what the physicists mean by tensor product ) .
For a long time I could not understand how the physicists could work with tensors by thinking about them as " quantities that transform in a certain way under a change in coordinates " .
The only way I could come to terms with them is by their characterization as something that satisfies a universal mapping property .
Do not think about what tensors ( elements of a tensor product space ) are but rather what the whole construction of a tensor product space can do for you .
It 's sort of like quotient groups ( only harder ) , where if you focus all your energy on trying to understand cosets you kind of miss the point of quotient groups .
What makes tensor product spaces harder to come to terms with than quotient groups is that most elements of a tensor product space are not elementary tensors $v \otimes w$ but only sums of these things .
The whole ( mathematical ) point of tensor products of vector spaces is to linearize bilinear maps .
A bilinear map is a function $ V \times W \rightarrow U$ among $ F$ - vector spaces $ V , W$ , and $ U$ which is linear in each coordinate when the other one is kept fixed .
There are tons of bilinear maps in mathematics , and if we can turn them into linear maps then we can use constructions related to linear maps on them .
The tensor product $ V \otimes_F W$ of two $ F$ - vector spaces provides the most extreme space , so to speak , which is a domain for the linearization of all bilinear maps out of $ V \times W$ into all vector spaces ( over $ F $ ) .
It is a particular vector space together with a particular bilinear map $ V \times W \rightarrow V \otimes_F
W$ such that any bilinear map out of $ V \times W$ into any vector space naturally (! ) gets converted into a linear map out of this new space $ V \otimes_F W$ .
Some notes I wrote on tensor products for an algebra course are at http://www.math.uconn.edu/~kconrad/blurbs/linmultialg/tensorprod.pdf, and in it I address questions like " what does $ v \otimes w$ mean ? " and " what does it mean to say $ $ v_1 \otimes w_1 + \cdots + v_k \otimes w_k = v_1 ' \otimes w_1 ' + \ cdots + v_k ' \otimes w_k' ? "
$ $ Right from the start I allow tensor products of modules over a ring , not just vector spaces over a field .
There are some aspects of tensor products which appear in the wider module context that do n't show up for vector spaces ( particularly since modules need not have bases ) .
So you might want to skip over , say , tensor products involving $ {\mathbf Z}/m{\mathbf Z}$ over $ \mathbf Z $ on a first pass if you do n't know about modules .
As for the question of how tensor products generalize scalars , vector spaces , and matrices , this comes from the natural (! ) isomorphisms $ $ F \otimes_F F \cong F , \ \ \ F \otimes_F V \cong V , \ \ V \otimes_F V^* \cong {\rm Hom}_F ( V , V ) . $ $
On the left side of each isomorphism is a tensor product of $ F$ - vector spaces , and on the right side are spaces of scalars , vectors , and matrices .
In the link I wrote above , see Theorems 4.3 , 4.5 , and 5.9 .
You can also tensor two matrices as a particular example in a tensor product of two spaces of linear maps .
Spaces of linear maps are vector spaces ( with some extra structure to them ) , so they admit tensor products as well ( with some extra features ) .
Returning to the physicist 's definition of tensors as quantities that transform by a rule , what they always forget to say is " transform by a multilinear rule " .
I discuss the transition between tensor products from the viewpoint of mathematicians and physicists in section 6 of a second set of notes at http://www.math.uconn.edu/~kconrad/blurbs/linmultialg/tensorprod2.pdf.
By Bryan Horwath
The Dunn County News
February 9 , 2010
It was clear what topic was at the forefront of most people ’s minds during a listening session with Sen.
Russell Feingold ( D - Wisconsin ) at Boyceville High School on Saturday — health care , health care and more health care .
The topic of the day included concerns over health care costs , the so - called government takeover of health care , requests for universal health care , and horror stories from individuals and small business owners over what many described as a broken system .
After a couple of questions about the perceived lack of civility among politicians in Washington and the possibility of peak oil becoming a real concern , the health care questions started coming in droves .
Singling out single payer
One resident wanted to know why the single - payer system — popular in other industrialized nations — is n’t on the table any longer with regard to President Obama ’s health care reform bill .
The health care bill passed in the U.S. Senate on a bitter partisan vote in December of last year , but is currently tied up in the House .
Some in Washington think the bill is on the verge of falling apart because of strong opposition by Republicans and the recent election of Scott Brown to the U.S. Senate in Massachusetts .
“ If you would have been to some of the other town meetings I ’ve been to in the past year , you would know why ( health care is fading ) , ” Feingold said .
“ The opposition is unbelievable .
The bill that we passed in the Senate not only does n’t have single - payer , but there is n’t even a public option .
People are calling it a government takeover of health care , but it ’s just the opposite — it ’s a big increase in private health care . ”
The senator got applause from the mostly pro-Feingold crowd when he said he was in favor of a single - payer system , but said he has not seen enough support for single - payer in recent months .
“ There was n’t near enough support for single - payer at this point , ” Feingold said .
“ I ’m willing to see if this bill that we passed in the Senate works .
If it does n’t , however , then maybe we have to go back and look at single - payer .
I ’m suddenly hearing more talk about it , so if the current health care bill dies , we might eventually hear more about ( single - payer ) . ”
Reform is overdue
Feingold did say that the time for health care reform is long overdue .
“ I ’m worried about this , ” he said .
“ I was in this job in the early 90s when the health care plan with the Clintons failed .
Every year in the 90s when I went to town meetings like this , health care was the number one issue .
I ’ve been going to these types of sessions for 17 years , and by far the thing people ask for the most is universal health care . ”
Feingold did say that the current health care bill would still be a victory for health insurance providers .
“ When we had the public option die with our bill in the Senate , the champagne bottles were popping over at the insurance companies ’ offices , ” Feingold said .
“ My only hope is that people decide they do n’t want to be dominated by the big insurance companies any more than they want to be by big government .
You have to balance big government with big business so that people are protected , but that ’s not where we ’re headed . ”
One resident said he was happy that Democrats have been attempting to pass a health care bill , but was dismayed that nothing seems to be getting done .
“ I think the president is absolutely right , ” Feingold said .
“ You ca n’t talk about the deficit or the economy without talking about health care .
We ’ll see what happens . ”
http://www.dunnconnect.com/articles/2010/02/09/news/doc4b7193d6509f4816839479.txt
Comment :
By Don McCanne , MD
Sen . Russell Feingold seems to be saying what we ’ve been saying all along .
If the Senate bill fails , then we ’ll “ hear more about ( single - payer ) . ”
If this bill passes but does n’t work ( and it wo n’t ) , then “ we have to go back and look at single - payer . ”
One way or another , we eventually will have single payer or some form of social insurance very close to it .
With increasing intolerance to rising costs which result in diminished access and impaired health outcomes , no other end result is possible .
Want to make somebody lose her belief that harming somebody else is wrong ?
All you have to do is hold a special magnet up to her head in the right place .
Advertisement
Using a technique called transcranial magnetic stimulation - in which magnets are used to disrupt neural activity in specific parts of the brain - scientists managed to " turn off " people 's moral centers .
According to a release from PNAS , which published results of the study yesterday :
Liane Young and colleagues applied transcranial magnetic stimulation ( TMS ) to disrupt neural activity in an area of the brain known to process information about beliefs and then asked twenty subjects to rate actions on a scale from one ( morally forbidden ) to seven ( morally permissible ) .
The researchers report that study participants judged actions in which a person believes he or she will cause harm to another person - but fails to do so - were more morally permissible during TMS application to the brain region responsible for processing beliefs , compared to when TMS was not applied , or applied to other brain regions .
Advertisement
In other words , if you need an army of minions willing to kill for you , you 're going to need a whole lot of magnets .
via PNAS
The webzine Crossed Genres has started a new blog , Science In My Fiction , aimed at encouraging people to put real science into their storytelling .
And the first post asks what 'll happen when we recognize dolphins as people .
Notes writer KT Holt :
If it ever happens , it 'll be a politically , morally and ethically charged occasion , to say the least .
Religious humans will protest recognition on the grounds that dolphins were n't made in the image of God .
Then there are the challenges surrounding the ways humans use the oceans – for dumping , fishing , shipping , oil production , etc. – and our long history of mishandling property rights and the concept of ownership .
Plus , we might be forced to confront our unresolved hypocrisy in regard to indigenous human populations , racism , gender inequality , and child welfare , just to name a few .
Any of those arguably adverse consequences of recognizing dolphins as people could provide the basis for a great new story .
Dolphin personhood could be beneficial to humans , too .
There 's an increased potential for discovery with the help of dolphin reconnaissance ; they might already have a wealth of medical and energy information to share with us .
Plus , reclaiming our trash from the oceans and processing it safely on land could create a lot of very secure jobs for humans .
Then there 's the incredible opportunity to communicate with other sentient life without the inconvenience of first achieving faster - than - light space travel .
Life After Kim
In North Korea , where death is far more certain than taxes , Kim Jong
Il ’s eventual departure from this world carries secular consequences .
As the ailing dictator celebrates his 69th birthday ( or 68th , his age is disputed ) — Feb. 16 is one of the country ’s two biggest national festivals — the ghosts of the famine years are once again descending upon his impoverished nation , only this time with noise .
For the first time , reports of ordinary North Koreans boldly showing discontent at authorities in different localities are seeping through .
Frustrated at the regime ’s redoubled crackdown on private wealth and market activity , and haunted by the collective memory of mass starvation in the mid-1990s , men , women , peddlers , traders , and even Korean War veterans — who are among the favored class — have been protesting on the streets .
The regime may very well continue to maintain control over the population through the distribution of extra grain , ideological indoctrination , manufactured scapegoats — and of course , brute force .
But the end of Kim Jong
Il ’s regime , one way or another , is inevitable .
Although Kim ’s exit will certainly be cause to celebrate , it wo n’t inevitably lead to a happy result ; in fact , it could usher in a period of instability that triggers a regime collapse culminating in the unification of the two Koreas , a possibility that will require far more U.S. involvement than President Barack Obama and his advisors may realize .
Most casual observers understand that the differences between North and South Korea are vast .
The Kim family regime ’s attempts at securing an immortal legacy and executing its own brand of economic policy have created a nation of oppressed people surviving in extremis — a system in which cruel and unusual deaths are often the grim punctuation mark to a life of grinding poverty and " tax - free " bondage to the state .
In contrast , beyond North Korea ’s southern border lies a free and affluent Korea , one that claims sovereignty over the entire peninsula and to which millions of Northerners would move if given the choice .
By its mere existence , Seoul poses an omnipresent existential threat to Pyongyang .
What ’s less commonly known is that the United States has done little to prepare for life after Kim Jong Il .
It ’s true that U.S. and South Korean officials have been quietly discussing a contingency plan for a drastic change in North Korea , dubbed OPLAN 5029 by the Pentagon .
But beyond short - term emergency response measures such as securing the North ’s stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction , maintaining public safety , controlling borders , and providing humanitarian aid to displaced North Koreans , making plans for dealing with an alternative post - Kim Korea over the long term is critical to protecting U.S. strategic interests in that vital region of the world .
In view of America ’s political , economic , and human investment in South Korea and Northeast Asia over the past 65 years , it is also a moral imperative .
A power vacuum in Pyongyang will require the immediate dispatch of South Korean and U.S. troops .
Next will come other regional powers —
Chinese peacekeeping forces securing the northern areas , followed by the Japanese Maritime Self - Defense Force transporting people and supplies along the Korean coastlines .
In the short term , a multiparty international presence north of the 38th parallel under the nominal banner of the United Nations will enforce order and provide aid .
But even when the dust from the flurry of human activity and balance - of - power politics settles , the task will not be done .
***
En route to Tokyo in 1945 to embark on the occupation of Japan , U.S. Gen .
Douglas MacArthur laid out his goals for Japan to his aide , Maj. Gen. Courtney
Whitney : " First destroy the military power , then build up representative government , enfranchise women , free political prisoners , liberate farmers , establish free labor , destroy monopolies , abolish police repression , liberate the press , liberalize education , and decentralize political power . "
The transformation of North Korea will require nothing less .
But unlike Japan , a developed and highly bureaucratized society in 1945 , albeit one scarred by war and warped by militarism , North Korea will need a complete reinvention .
The South Korean government will naturally take the lead in the political reorganization of the North , building an interim representative assembly that will eventually be incorporated into a single pan-Korean national assembly in Seoul .
But reorienting North Korean society and culture toward a lifestyle marked by individual freedom and capitalism will take decades and require the sustained help of various international organizations and financial institutions .
That means continued U.S. commitment to Korea and U.S. leadership in maintaining stability in the region , even in the face of mounting domestic and international pressure to withdraw or redeploy U.S. troops .
Over the past century , the Korean Peninsula has undergone two fundamental geopolitical shifts .
From 1905 to 1910 , Japan , after displacing Russia from the contest for control over Korea by war , imposed a protectorate status over the Korean monarchy in 1905 and absorbed the entire Korean Peninsula as its colony in 1910 .
Then , in 1945 , Korea was partitioned and became engulfed in war five years later .
In both cases , action or inaction by U.S. leaders was a key driver :
In 1905 , President Theodore Roosevelt withdrew the U.S. legation from Korea , which he considered an uncivilized and marginal backwater , and , in 1949 , President Harry Truman ’s secretary of state and right - hand man on foreign policy , Dean Acheson , was so consumed by events in Europe that he allowed the U.S. Army to withdraw in the face of North Korean provocations .
The power vacuums that invited aggression in these two periods stand in stark contrast to the firm U.S. presence in South Korea since 1953 , which has kept the peace over the past 60 years .
Only a continued U.S. commitment to maintain the peace in unified Korea can ensure stability in a region where geopolitical forces have clashed repeatedly throughout history .
Pyongyang ’s frozen , father - son leadership over the past six decades has made the prospect of real change in North Korea seem improbable , if not inconceivable .
But the country ’s dire economic conditions , coupled with the inherent political risks of a second communist hereditary succession and the ever - looming alternative in neighboring South Korea , makes Pyongyang an exceptionally well - qualified candidate for regime collapse .
It ’s time to start thinking the unthinkable .
DUBLIN ( Reuters ) - Ireland hit its banks with a hefty penalty to take loans off their hands and said they needed at least 22 billion euros ( $ 30 billion ) in extra funds to recover from a property collapse that was worse than feared .
Ireland 's Prime Minister Brian Cowen holds a news conference at the end of an European Union leaders summit in Brussels , March 26 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Sebastien Pirlet
A series of official announcements late on Tuesday revealed the discount on property loans Ireland ’s National Asset Management Agency ( NAMA ) is taking from stricken banks and the scale of additional capitalization needed as a result .
NAMA , the government ’s so - called “ bad bank , ” said it would buy loans with a total nominal value of 81 billion euros from what were the country ’s three largest banks and two of its building societies .
The average discount on a first tranche of loans , to be transferred over the coming days , is 47 percent -- much more than the 30 percent average estimated by the government last year for all loans acquired over the course of 2010 .
The deeper discount reflects the magnitude of the property market collapse , particularly in the UK and Ireland , and Finance Minister Brian Lenihan acknowledged what the banks faced was huge .
“ At every hand ’s turn our worst fears have been surpassed , ” he told parliament .
“ The banks played fast and loose with the economic interests of this country , ” he added , referring to “ appalling lending decisions that will cost the taxpayer dearly for years to come . ”
Fully nationalized Anglo Irish Bank needs by far the most -- 8.3 billion euros now and possibly a further 10 billion euros in future .
Of the listed banks , Allied Irish Banks Plc ALBK.I , Ireland 's second largest bank by market value , needs to raise 7.4 billion euros of fresh capital , but it was given some time to sell assets before a decision on whether it needs another state bailout is made .
Even so , Lenihan said , the state might have to take a majority stake in AIB , whose shares have plunged over the past two days in anticipation of negative news .
AIB is to start selling assets immediately in the United States , Britain and in Poland , where it owns lender BZWBK BZWB .WA , which it describes as " the jewel in its portfolio . "
Bank of Ireland BKIR.I , Ireland 's largest bank by market capitalization needs to find 2.66 billion euros , but Lenihan said it was expected to raise much of that capital privately , leaving the state a minority shareholder .
Already last year , the Irish state was forced to nationalize Anglo Irish Bank and Lenihan said on Tuesday the state was also taking full ownership of EBS Building Society EBSBS.UL and Irish Nationwide Building Society IRNBS.UL , as expected .
Dire as the banks ’ situation was , officials have said the cost to the state was manageable after its implementation of austerity measures .
In the December budget , the government announced tough spending cuts of some 4 billion euros to address one of the deepest recessions in Europe .
“ The sovereign is in a position to conduct this exercise now on the basis of the public finance changes that we brought about over the past couple of years , ” Prime Minister Brian Cowen said .
Lenihan described restoring credibility in the banks as “ the ultimate phase of the resolution of our crisis . ”
BIG GAMBLE ?
Many in the investment community have praised NAMA -- an acronym that has entered the vernacular in Ireland -- although the Irish opposition has said it is one of the biggest gambles in the nation ’s history .
Analysts said Tuesday ’s news had positive elements , notably Allied Irish was being given some time to sell off assets and the news on Bank of Ireland was broadly in line with expectations .
“ The positives are that we ’ve seen AIB being given time to executive some asset sales .
There has n’t been an automatic trigger of the government taking a significant stake in the bank , ” said Kevin McConnell , head of research at Bloxham Stockbrokers in Dublin .
Ireland ’s growing state ownership of its banks runs counter to the trend in many other countries that have started to reduce bank shareholdings .
Switzerland made a profit after selling a 9 percent stake in UBS AG UBSN .
VXUBS .N in August , saying it was confident the bank was on a solid enough footing for it to retreat .
Britain is expected to start selling shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc RBS.L and Lloyds Banking Group PlcLLOY.L , although that would not happen until after the general election , expected in May .
Share prices for RBS and Lloyds have risen close to the average price at which Britain bought its stakes and the government is becoming increasingly confident of making a profit on the billions of pounds it has pumped in .
A full exit could take many years in many countries , however .
Sweden , which pioneered NAMA - style schemes , is still a big shareholder in Nordea Banl AB NDA.ST after it stepped in to rescue lenders in the early 1990s .
( $ 1=.7403 euros )
RATIONALIZING BIGOTRY ….
Perhaps I spoke too soon .
This morning , a variety of key Republican officials denounced the right - wing activists who engaged in disgusting , bigoted behavior yesterday as part of conservatives ’ opposition to fixing the dysfunctional health care system .
I was heartened to see there were some things the unhinged Tea Party crowd can do that GOP leaders were willing to denounce .
But Republican criticism was not universal .
This morning on C - Span ’s Washington Journal , Rep. Devin Nunes ( R - CA ) justified the disturbing racist and homophobic epitaphs that angry tea baggers hurled yesterday at Rep. John Lewis ( D - GA ) , Rep. Barney Frank ( D - MA ) , and other House Democrats .
Nunes insisted that everyone has a right to “ smear ” whoever they want and that the tea baggers ’ behavior was understandable given the “ crazy totalitarian tactics ” that he alleges Democrats are engaged in .
When the host noted that protestors verbally attacked his own colleagues , Nunes responded , “ Yeah , well I think that when you use totalitarian tactics , people , you know , begin to act crazy . ”
( He went on to say use of the “ n ” word is “ inappropriate . ”
How gracious of him . )
A few things .
First , Nunes is right that in a free country , odious racists are allowed to say offensive things , even to elected officials .
The point , though , is n’t that these Tea Party activists did something illegal — although , in the case of one activist spitting on a congressman , this is a crime — the point is that they did something morally outrageous .
Decent people , regardless of politics , should have no qualms about condemning such ugliness .
Second , when an elected majority tries to pass legislation that they promised voters they ’d pursue , this is not an example of “ totalitarian tactics . ”
I realize Devin Nunes is n’t the sharpest tool in the shed , but if he sees the elected Democratic majority acting in a dictatorial fashion , he ’s lost his mind .
And third , people of strong character and sound values do n’t try to rationalize bigotry .
For Nunes , there seems to be some kind of reflex at play — some Tea Party thugs used some deeply offensive language , and in one case even spat on a member of Congress , so it must be Democrats ’ fault .
It ’s pathetic .
What happened to Russell Martin in 2009 ?
Was it an aberration or has his skills actually declined ?
Before we can answer that question , let ’s take a look at his 2009 production :
505 At Bats
. 250 Batting Average ( 126 Hits )
7 Home Runs
53 RBI
63 Runs
11 Stolen Bases
. 352 On Base Percentage
.329 Slugging Percentage
. 285 Batting Average on Balls in Play
First , let ’s discuss the power .
What happened to it ?
He has gone from 19 HR in ’07 to 13 HR in ’08 to last seasons 7 HR performance .
He was never a big flyball hitter , with a 31.1 % career mark ( and 30.7 % last season ) .
What has happened is his HR / FB has steadily declined :
2007 – 12.2 %
2008 – 9.4 %
2009 – 5.4 %
Of players who qualified for the batting title , he was in the bottom 25 of the league along with names like Scott Podsednik , Luis Castillo and Jason Kendall .
While he ’s never going to be a 20 + option , I would expect a little bit better production and a return to the world of double - digit home runs .
The average suffered from a bit of bad luck as he had posted BABIPs of .322 and .311 the previous two seasons ( helping him to averages of .293 and .280 ) .
He does n’t strikeout a ton as he has a great eye at the plate , as is evidenced by his strikeout and walk rates the past three seasons ( K%/ BB % ) :
2007 – 16.5%/10.8 %
2008 – 15.0%/13.8 %
2009 – 15.8%/11.7 %
That should certainly help him to produce a usable average in all formats , though I ’m not sure he ’s going to be able to repeat the luck he has posted in year ’s past , meaning I would n’t expect him back into the .280s .
Why ?
Because the speed , which was his biggest asset , has been in decline in recent seasons .
He has gone from 21 SB to 18 SB to last seasons 11 .
He only attempted 17 SB last season and had just three successful attempts after the All - Star Break .
Was it overuse ?
Possibly , as he is a rare catcher that suits up almost every single day , though rumors are that could change in 2010 .
There is talk that Joe Torre may limit him to 140 games this season , which may help to keep him fresh , but it also will limit his ability in the counting stats ( R and RBI ) .
Let ’s take a look at what I ’d expect from him in 2010 :
.264 ( 140-530 ) , 10 HR , 65 RBI , 70 R , 10 SB , .299 BABIP , .359 OBP , .362 SLG
To me , he ’s borderline usable in 1 - catcher formats ( I have him ranked 14th but in the same tier as the guys ranked 11th and 12th ) .
I ’ve seen people ranking him among the top five catchers , but I just do n’t see it .
He never had big - time power or a great average , but he was a player who took the field everyday so he could help you out in the counting stats while adding some stolen bases .
Without that , he ’s just no longer all that attractive of an option to me .
I ’d much rather grab the younger players , like Miguel Montero , Matt Wieters or Kurt Suzuki , or take the gamble on someone with more upside like injury risks Jorge Posada and Ryan Doumit .
In two - catcher leagues , he ’s certainly usable as a second catcher , but that ’s about it for me .
What about you ?
Do you think Martin will rebound ?
How highly do you rank him ?
If you would like to see a free preview of the Rotoprofessor 2010 Fantasy Baseball Draft Guide ( available for just $ 5 ) now including a Top 50 Prospects for 2010 List , click here .
Make sure to check out some of our 2010 projections , including :
1941
Jan 19 The British attack Italy 's forces in Eritrea .
Jan 22
The British and Australians have driven Italian forces from Egypt , and across the Egypt - Libya border , on the coast , they win against the Italians at Tobruk .
Jan 22 – 23 Anti-Jewish violence in Romania leaves 120 Jews dead in the streets .
Jews are hunted by armed gangs .
Some flee to Palestine .
Jan 23 Charles Lindbergh testifies before the US Congress and recommends that the US establish a neutrality pact with Hitler .
Jan 27
The US Ambassador to Japan , Joseph Grew , cables the US State Department that he has learned of a plan by the Japanese to attack Pearl Harbor should Japan and the US go to war .
Jan 31
In Baghdad , in response to British victories against Italian forces , the nationalistic , anti-British and pro-German prime minister , Sayyad Rashid Ali al - Gillani , resigns under pressure from the regent to the five - year - old king , Faisal II .
Feb 10 Britain breaks relations with Romania .
Feb19 - 22 The British have been bombing Germany .
The Germans bomb Britain .
Reported British dead : 230 .
Feb 25 Joseph Goebbels writes in his diary : " Cables from the USA to the short - wave service are generally very positive .
My work is also greatly respected there .
America does not consist entirely of Jews and plutocrats .
It is just that they can shout the loudest . "
Feb 26 Against the Italians , British troops take Somalia and invade Ethiopia .
Feb 27 The French regime at Vichy makes religious education in school mandatory .
Feb 27 Jewish musicians in Berlin perform Gustav Mahler 's Second Symphony .
Mar 1 – 5 Bulgaria joins the German - Italian - Hungarian - Romanian alliance and in return is promised most of Thrace and Macedonia as well as parts of eastern Serbia .
German troops enter Bulgaria welcomed .
The Soviet Union , despite its pact with Hitler , denounces Bulgaria 's move .
Britain severs relations with Bulgaria .
Mar 4
Hitler invites Yugoslavia 's Prince Paul to take his share in the " New World Order . "
Prince Paul gathers from Hitler 's comments that Germany will invade the Soviet Union .
He will tell his brother - in - law , the king of Greece , who will tell the British .
Mar 7
Five thousand British soldiers land in Greece .
Joseph Goebbels writes in his diary : " The Pope and his cardinals are praying for peace .
Too late .
The game must be played to its conclusion . "
Mar 7
A leader of India 's independence movement , Subhash Chandra Bose , a believer in socialist authoritarianism , has escaped British authority and fled to Germany .
British authorities secretly order his assassination .
Mar 11 Roosevelt signs the Lend Lease Act , enabling him to send war materials , including ships , to those nations at war .
Mar 25 Yugoslavia joins the German - Italian - Hungarian - Romanian alliance .
Mar 26 - 27 A coup in Belgrade , Yugoslavia brings to power a regime hostile to Germany and Italy .
People in Belgrade celebrate with the slogan " Rather death than slavery . "
Mar 30 Hitler tells his generals that Communism is criminal and requires extermination of Bolshevik commissars and the Communist intelligencia .
The war against the Soviet Union , he says , will be different from what it was in the West , and it is no job for the military courts .
April 1
The Iraqi army surrounds the royal palace in Baghdad .
Royalty escape toward Amman in Transjordan .
At stake for the Germans is access to Iraqi oil , promised by the former prime minister , Gillani .
The British still have a few hundred troops in Iraq .
Apr 3
In Baghdad , Gillani and four army generals take power .
Demonstrators loot the property and beat Jews in the cities of Mosul , Kirkuk , Irbil , Basrah , Amara and Fallujah .
In Baghdad the killing of Jews takes place .
Apr 3 Britain's Prime Minister Winston Churchill warns Stalin of German plans to invade .
Apr 4 President Roosevelt allows the British Navy to repair and refuel its ships in the United States , and he notifies the British that he is extending the US defense zone eastward as far as Iceland and to the western coast of Africa .
Apr 5 The Soviet Union signs a treaty of friendship with the new anti-fascist regime in Yugoslavia .
Apr 6
To secure his southern front , Hitler sends troops to Greece and Yugoslavia .
Italian and Albanian forces join in the invasion of Yugoslavia .
Bulgaria joins in the invasion of Greece , toward occupation of the Khalkidhiki Peninsula .
German planes bomb Belgrade .
Apr 7 Hitler postpones his invasion of the Soviet Union five weeks , to June 22 .
Apr 10 An independent Croatia is declared , led by Ante Pavelic and approved by Hitler .
Serbs , gypsies and Communists in Croatia are threatened .
The Catholic Church in Croatia begins to compel the country 's Serbs of the Orthodox faith to convert to Catholicism .
Apr 10 Goebbels writes in his diary : " With the fall of Yugoslavia , we shall also take possession of enormous potential sources of raw materials .
Particularly copper , which we could do with . "
Apr 13
The peace agreement between Japan and the Soviet Union goes into effect .
Apr 14 German troops , led by Erwin Rommel , have been in North Africa for a month .
They attack the British and Australians at Tobruk .
Apr 14 The British are still in Egypt , and they warn that if Cairo is bombed their air force will attack Rome .
Apr 20 Goebbels delivers an " Our Hitler " speech on Hitler 's fifty - second birthday :
We Germans ... have been formed by our age , and we in turn are forming it .
It will be the task of later generations to evaluate it properly and to determine what is really admirable and what is simply normal .
Future generations will surely envy the fact that we have lived a life of struggle , that we had the good fortune to have political passion ... a new world is now being born ... [ Hitler has ] forged the path and showed the way , giving meaning , content , and direction to our age .
We are experiencing the greatest miracle that history offers : a genius is building a new world .
Apr 21 - 28 .
Greece and its army surrenders to Germany .
German tanks enter Athens .
British troops evacuate and some are forced to surrender .
Goebbels writes in his diary :
Hearst [ William Randolph ] has launched a swinging attack on Churchill as a warmonger .
Things are still seesawing in the United States .
But we are not inactive in this respect .
Apr 30
An Iraqi force moves to the edge of the British air base at Habbaniya and warns the British to keep their planes on the ground .
Apr 30 In Croatia , persons of Aryan descent are prohibited association with Jews .
May 2 – 6 British planes take off from the Habbaniya air base and rout the Iraqi force .
The British land a division of Indian troops at Basra , which heads toward Baghdad .
May 10 From Greece , German airplanes begin to strike against the British in Iraq , and German planes destroy the House of Commons in London .
May 14 In Paris , 3,600 Jews are arrested .
In a radio broadcast the leader of Vichy France 's armed forces claims that only within the confines of the German Third Reich can France thrive .
May 14
At Glina , in Croatia , hundreds of Serbs attend an obligatory service of thanksgiving for the fascist state of Croatia .
The two who can present certificates of conversion are released .
The rest are slaughtered .
May 20 Britain's war in East Africa ends with an Italian surrender .
Jun 1 - 2 British forces enter Baghdad and reinstate King Faisal 's regent .
Violence against Jews erupts in Iraq .
Some Moslems open their homes , feed and protect Jews .
Jun 4 Germany bombs the port at Alexandria , Egypt .
Egypt 's cabinet resigns .
The Republic of Croatia orders all Jews to wear a star .
Jun 8 The British and Free French attack French forces in Syria .
Britain offers Syria independence .
Jun 12
In London a declaration of unity and sense of purpose is signed by Britain , Canada , New Zealand and the Union of South Africa .
Also signing are governments - in - exile : Belgium , Czechoslovakia , Greece , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , Norway , Poland and Yugoslavia .
Signing for a " Free France " is Charles de Gaulle .
It is the beginning of what will become the United Nations .
Jun 14 The Soviet Union begins deportations to Siberia from Estonia ( around 10,000 persons ) , Latvia ( 15,000 ) and Lithuania ( 18,000 ) .
Jun 14 Joseph Goebbels writes in his diary that Hitler , looking forward to his invasion of the Soviet Union , says " And victory is right , moral and necessary .
And once we have won , who is going to question our methods ? "
Jun 18 Germany and Turkey sign a Treaty of Friendship .
Jun 22 Soviet intelligence has doubted that the Germans would soon invade .
The German military facing east has not been equipped for the coming winter .
But today a massive military operation against the Soviet Union begins .
Hitler describes the invasion as preemptive , that he is invading the Soviet Union because it was planning to invade Germany .
Stalin had amassed a military force facing Germany that did not appear defensive in character , and although Stalin was not planning to attack Germany both Hitler and Stalin have a kill - or - be - killed view of political survival .
Stalin believes eventually will have to destroy capitalist - fascist Germany .
Hitler 's view includes struggle between races .
Hitler sees his invasion as an expansion of Germanic superiority over the weak and inferior Slavs .
Jun 22 Germany occupies Lithuania , Latvia and Estonia .
Jun 24 President Roosevelt pledges support to the Soviet Union in what it will call the Great Patriotic War .
Jun 24
The entire Jewish male population of Gorzhdy , Lithuania is exterminated .
Jun 25
The uneasy peace between Finland and the Soviet Union since March 1940 has ended .
Finland sends troops into the Karelia , an area with some Finnish population that has been disputed by Finland and Russia .
Sweden 's government is to allow German troops to cross Sweden into Finland .
Jun 27 Hungary declares war on the Soviet Union .
Jun 30 A shaken and depressed Stalin has withdrawn to his country dacha , expecting to be ousted from power because of his failures .
A few Politburo members arrive .
Stalin asks why they have come and they announce their proposal to set up a " Supreme Defense Council " with Stalin as chairman .
Stalin agrees and pulls himself together .
Jul 2 Germany , Italy and their allies recognize Japan 's puppet government of China .
China breaks diplomatic relations with Germany and Italy .
Jul 5 Peru , with one of the strongest armies in South America , invades Ecuador .
Jul 14 Lithuanian Jews , said to number 6,000 , are exterminated .
Jul 21 In Poland , the Majdanek concentration camp opens .
Jul 25 The US government freezes Japanese assets in the United States .
Jul 27 The German army enters Ukraine .
Jul 28
The Japanese extend their occupation across the whole of Indochina , as agreed to by the government in Vichy , France .
Jul 30 Fighting between Peru and Ecuador ends in an armistice .
Peru holds Ecuador 's El Oro province and eastern tropical forest territory held by Ecuador since the 1830s .
Aug 5 - 7 Thousands of Jews in Romania are abducted or rounded up and killed .
Aug 14 Prime Minister Churchill and President Roosevelt meet at an anchorage in New Foundland and create the " Atlantic Charter . "
The Charter expresses " the right of all peoples to choose the form of government under which they will live . "
Sep 1
In Germany the government 's euthanasia program – the killing of mentally handicapped adults and children – is officially ended due to widespread protest , begun by a Catholic bishop .
Sep 3
At their Auschwitz One facility in Poland , Germany 's SS conduct poison gas tests , killing 600 Soviet prisoners of war .
Sep 4
The Germans begin to bombard Leningrad with artillery shells .
Sep 6 Emperor Hirohito of Japan gives his approval " with misgivings " to simultaneous efforts to negotiate peace with the US and to prepare for an attack if the efforts failed .
Sep 7
The Finns , advancing southward toward Leningrad , stop at the old border between Finland and the Soviet Union , and they refuse a German request to bomb Leningrad .
The Germans will be unable to approach Stalingrad from the north .
Sep 8
The Germans stop ten miles from Leningrad ( St. Petersburg ) .
They start to besiege the city , severing its last land connection .
Shelling creates 178 fires in the city .
Sep 11 President Roosevelt , in response to submarine attacks on US ships , orders any German ship found in American waters to be sunk on sight .
Sep 11 Charles Lindbergh , speaking for the America First Committee , blames " the British , the Jewish [ sic ] and the Roosevelt administration " for trying to draw the United States into World War II .
Sep 19
In Germany , Jews are ordered to wear a yellow star describing them as " Jew . "
German troops enter Kiev , the capital of Ukraine , and they are welcomed by some who hope for independence from the Soviet Union .
Sep 24
In London , governments - in - exile – Belgium , Czechoslovakia , Greece , Luxembourg , Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Yugoslavia -- join with the Soviet Union and Charles de Gaulle of the Free French to proclaim adherence to principles of the Atlantic Charter .
Hitler sees the alliance as an international Jewish conspiracy and looks forward to his Final Solution to the " Jewish problem . "
Sep 28
In Kiev , Soviet agents ( NKVD members ) have been blowing up German targets .
The Germans decide it is the work of the Jews .
All Jews in the city of Kiev and its vicinity are ordered to report at 8 o'clock the following morning and to bring with them documents , money , valuables , warm clothes and underwear .
Sep 29
In Kiev tens of thousands of Jews arrive for what they expect is deportration – some early to be sure for a seat on the train .
They are herded into a nearby Jewish cemetery through a narrow corridor of enraged German soldiers , machine gunned , their bodies buried in a ravine known as Babi Yar .
Oct 3 Adolf Hitler declares that Russia is " broken " and will " never rise again . "
In Paris , six synagogues are blown up .
Oct 9 Roosevelt requests congressional approval for arming US merchant ships .
Oct 12 Moscow is partially evacuated .
Oct 16 France 's head of state , Marshall Petain , orders the arrest of former prime ministers Daladier , Blum , and Reynaud .
Jews in Germany are beginning to be deported to Jewish ghettos in Lodz , Riga and Minsk .
Oct 18 Emperor Hirohito elevates General Hideki Tojo , Japan 's War Minister , to head Japan 's government .
Prime Minister
Tojo represents the rightist true - believers in Japan 's aggressive imperialism .
Oct 22 - 23 Odessa , on the Black Sea in the south of Ukraine , has had a Jewish population of around 180,000 .
Invading Romanian troops target the Jews .
Some Jews are shot .
Many are burned to death in a public square or in warehouses that were locked shut .
The dead will be described as between 25,000 and 34,000 .
Oct 23 Germany 's Jews are no longer allowed to emigrate .
Nov 7 Stalin appears in Red Square for the traditional commemoration of the Bolshevik Revolution .
Parading troops head for the nearby front against the Germans .
The British continue their year - long air raids against Germany .
They bomb Berlin , Mannheim and Ruhrgebied .
Nov 28 A Japanese fleet of warships sails from Hiroshima Bay heading for the Hawaiian Islands .
Dec 1 Emperor Hirohito signs the decision by the Ruling Council of Japan to wage war against the United States , Britain and the Netherlands .
Dec 6 Germans near Moscow are exhausted and without proper winter clothing in unusually cold weather .
Soviet forces attack .
The German line in front of Moscow disintegrates .
Thousands are taken prisoner .
Dec 6 Britain and Canada declare war on Finland .
Dec 6 Admiral Kimmel in Hawaii discusses with two operations officers whether they should recall liberty parties , put everyone on alert and send the entire fleet out to sea in silence after dark .
The two operations officers object .
They agree to follow the orders of Admiral Stark , Chief of Naval Operations , that nothing be done to alarm the people of Honolulu .
Dec 7 Airplanes from Japanese aircraft carriers strike at US military installations at Pearl Harbor and Kaneohe Bay on the island of Oahu .
The Japanese bomb the US military at Clark Field in the Philippines .
Most US aircraft are destroyed on the ground .
General MacArthur is dismayed and wonders whether Germans were flying the Japanese planes .
Dec 8 The Japanese move against the British and Commonwealth force at Hong Kong .
Dec 11 Germany and Italy join their ally the Japanese and declare war against the United States .
Hitler describes himself as having wanted peace with Britain , as defending European civilization and Roosevelt as aiming at " an unlimited world dictatorship . "
Dec 12 Goebbels writes in his diary : " With respect of the Jewish Question , the Führer [ Hitler ] has decided to make a clean sweep .
He prophesied to the Jews that if they again brought about a world war , they would live to see their annihilation in it .
That was n't just a catch - word .
The world war is here , and the annihilation of the Jews must be the necessary consequence . "
Dec 12 The British are defeated at the Battle of Jitra in Malaya and are retreating southward toward Singapore .
Dec 13 Bulgaria and Hungary join in declaring war against the United States .
Dec 20 Japanese troops land on Mindanao , in the Philippines .
Dec 25 At Hong Kong , the British surrender .
Dec 29 Soviet troops re-take Kerch and Feodosiya in the Crimea .
The Japanese bomb Rangoon , Burma , knocking out the main railway station , wharfs , and warehouses with lend - lease supplies intended for China .
Dec 30 Gandhi resigns from India 's Congress Party because of its support for the British and US war effort .
Dec 31 Leningrad enters its 112th day of being cut off by the Germans .
It is extremely cold by Leningrad standards , with fuel for heating scarce .
There is a bread ration of 110 grams ( 4 ounces ) per day per person .
Three to four thousand people are dying each day in Leningrad from starvation .
to 1940 | to 1942
Copyright © 1998 -2018 by Frank E. Smitha .
All rights reserved .
If American capitalism has taught us anything , it ’s that women in their natural state are gross , dirty , and masculine , and in need of some good old feminization ( buy our silky , pearly , pink shit ! ) .
And so , even products that are used in exactly the same way by both men and women — - like deodorant and razors — - must be marketed directly to the womenfolk , and products that only women can use — - like tampons and birth control — - must be made even more feminine .
Below : the frilliest tampons , the girliest birth control pills , and the most lavendery razors that money can buy .
Razors .
I shave my legs , but I just picked up a new razor that may almost encourage me to unlearn that particular expression of femininity .
The razor is called “ Soleil Twilight , ” it ’s made by Bic , and it features a triple - blade and , as I discovered after I had already hit the check - out line , “ lavender scented handles . ”
Because , you see , men also use razors , which means that razors may be perceived as overly masculine , a misconception that can be cleared up with just a touch of feminine aroma making some skin contact with your hand area .
The lavender business makes about as much sense as the name , which from my understanding literally means something like “ Sun Growing Darkness . ”
It removes hair .
Birth Control .
[ youtube:v=ipTjROfdkV4 ]
Listen , there ’s nothing more naturally feminine than popping a birth control pill — - so far , only women are allowed to perform this particular function .
Still , contraception manufacturers have labored to market the medication in the most feminine way possible .
Yaz , arguably the most feminized form of birth control , has claimed to alleviate moodiness , reduce bloating , clean up acne , and even help women lose weight in addition to , you know , stoppin ’ babies .
Accordingly ,
Yaz commercials feature a bunch of Sex and the City types hanging out at a swanky lounge talking about how Yaz has cured their emotional problems , allowing them to continue to hang out at swanky lounges .
In case a bunch of women talking frankly about PMS was getting a bit too masculine for you , the ad goes on to explain that Token Woman Who Knows Too Much About Birth Control knows so much because she is a medical doctor , an admission that causes her friends to laugh and dismiss her as a “ show off . ”
Tee - hee !
Because any woman who could speak intelligently about what birth control actually does has got some ‘ splainin to do .
Tampons .
Last week , Heartless Doll ’s Andrea Grimes wrote a screed about frilly tampons , in which she admitted , “ I ’ve never been able to tell much of a difference between something like a Tampax Pearl and a Duane Reade Just Shove It Up There , It ’ll Be Fine . ”
Grimes points to the frilliest tampon of them all , the Tampax Pearl , which features a string of ladylike pearls on its packaging in order to emphasize the product ’s enhanced feminine quality .
What ’s pearly about this product , exactly ?
The applicator is made of fucking plastic instead of cardboard , and you ca n’t get anything more girly than that .
Deodorant .
[ youtube:v=KlwW1aj9xak ]
Everyone knows that Secret is “ strong enough for a man , but made for a woman . ”
What I still ca n’t wrap my head around is how this company can simultaneously market deodorant as a product through which femininity must be performed , while insisting that this performance be kept “ Secret . ”
As one branding expert explains , “ That chant has made the Secret® deodorant brand spectacularly successful , especially with females 12 - 24 , because it reaffirms gender identity to a particularly vulnerable , insecure audience .
For a small investment , you get to go from girl to woman and feel good about it . ”
Now women are expected to feminize our armpits for ourselves , because no one else will ever notice .
Thanks Secret !
Yogurt .
[ youtube:v=Emp_CtPy1Gw ]
OK , so yogurt is n’t a specifically feminine product , but you would n’t know that if you ’ve ever seen any yogurt commercial ever .
Take , for example , this Yoplait commercial , which manages to incorporate commentary on cute men , short men , bridesmaids dresses , high heels , ladies room lines , and bouquet catching within the span of 30 seconds .
Men eat yogurt too .
Get the people behind the Dockers ad on this one !
Homeopathy Confronts The Dragon 's Den Posted by Pile ( 12119 views ) [ E - Mail link ] [ Faulty Products ]
[ Liars ]
The Dragon 's Den is an interesting tv show that originally started in the UK .
The show is based on the premise that would - be entrepeneurs pitch products and services to the " dragons " - a group of successful businessmen .
Sometimes the ideas are good , most of the time they 're bad , but almost every time , the inventor is sure they 've found " the most awesome product ever ! "
In one recent case , a guy hawking " miracle cure water " , the same kind of stuff you 'll see routinely advertised on talk radio , comes up against the Dragons ...
Let 's watch ..
A little reality on the " Homeopathy " scam :
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
TOY TANK ARENA
SIZE : 3369KB
CREATED BY :
Used with Permission
Return to Not Doppler Inspired by the Wii Play game ' Tanks ' , your goal is to destroy all the enemy tanks in each level .
3369 KB
Matthew Borne and Brad Borne Used with Permission
It 's looking increasingly like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are going to cost the US government much more than AIG .
In its latest long - term budget outlook released in late January , the CBO projected that the AIG bailout would ultimately cost the Treasury $ 9 billion dollars .
Indeed , the entire private financial industry bailout is ultimately expected to cost less than $ 30 billion ; of the $ 99 billion that the CBO expects we will ultimately lose on TARP , half of the loss comes not from helping the " banksters " , but from the Obama administration 's decision to bail out the automakers .
A further $ 20 billion will be spent on the Home Affordable Mortgage Program , aka the administration 's mortgage modification plan .
By contrast , the nationalization of the Government Sponsored Entities is expected to cost the federal government $ 64 billion between 2011 and 2020 , on top of the $ 110 billion we 've already spent .
Fannie and Freddie have long defended themselves on the grounds that their underwriting standards were n't nearly as bad as those in the private sector .
But they 've certainly been better at socializing their losses ; firms that controlled maybe half of the mortgage market will end up costing the taxpayer four times as much as the other troubled financial institutions .
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
Nice !
( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:04 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:04 ,
Haha Nice !
( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:05 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:05 ,
* watches *
* waits for score *
* continues to watch * ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:07 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:07 ,
Haha , ace !
( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:09 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:09 ,
HA !
( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:12 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:12 ,
* clicky *
most woo sir .
( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:19 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:19 ,
thats ace
very clever idea ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:56 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:56 ,
Excellent !
( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:57 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:57 ,
Fine Job !
( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 21:14 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 21:14 ,
Woo !
Yeah ! ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 21:39 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 21:39 ,
oh oh yes
( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 22:18 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 22:18 ,
Winnah
( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 23:48 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 23:48 ,
wonderful !
( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 23:56 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 23:56 ,
Miet Pongdrian
( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 0:22 , archived ) ( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 0:22 ,
yay !
( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 2:30 , archived ) ( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 2:30 ,
make that as a real game and flog it as an iphone ap
and when you 've got your first million remember me ( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 20:25 , archived ) ( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 20:25 ,
what to call it ?
Pongdrian ?
Mondripong ?
Pong Stijl ?
PS : Woo ! ( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 21:06 , archived ) ( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 21:06 ,
Can you get two - player apps ( using bluetooth i assume ) ?
Still , perfectly done AND your name 's good on a pudding , what 's not to like ?
( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 6:25 , archived ) ( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 6:25 ,
I would if I could ; that 's way beyond my current skills ( good excuse to start some learning though )
Thanks for the FP though ; first one for three years ... ( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 10:28 , archived ) ( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 10:28 ,
Couple of blocks , random arcadey block movement , easy stuff ..
socoder.net/uploads/1/Mondripong.zip
It 's a nice simple game to achieve .. Couple of blocks , random arcadey block movement , easy stuff .. archived ) ( , Tue 23 Mar 2010 , 8:29 ,
This is fantastic .
( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 20:44 , archived ) ( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 20:44 ,
I hate to geek this up
but I 'm an Art Historian , and this is officially awesome .
( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 21:21 , archived ) ( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 21:21 ,
That 's
well clever , that is !
( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 21:47 , archived ) ( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 21:47 ,
That went from
WTF to well cool in about 20 seconds
I 'm a bit slow today ( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 22:13 , archived ) ( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 22:13 ,
Hahaha ,
nice one !
( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 22:48 , archived ) ( , Sun 21 Mar 2010 , 22:48 ,
brilliant
.. ( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 4:51 , archived ) ( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 4:51 ,
This is magnificent
( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 9:44 , archived ) ( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 9:44 ,
awesome
( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 10:49 , archived ) ( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 10:49 ,
Works for me - avaclick .
( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 13:24 , archived ) ( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 13:24 ,
THAT'S VERY CLEVER .
and i am very impressed .
( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 17:40 , archived ) ( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 17:40 ,
....* bip*........* bip*...........* bip* ( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 21:23 , archived ) ( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 21:23 ,
doogy rev! ( , Tue 23 Mar 2010 , 10:38 , archived ) ( , Tue 23 Mar 2010 , 10:38 ,
excellent !
( , Tue 23 Mar 2010 , 11:46 , archived ) ( , Tue 23 Mar 2010 , 11:46 ,
simply marvelous !
( , Tue 23 Mar 2010 , 22:09 , archived ) ( , Tue 23 Mar 2010 , 22:09 ,
Smartest thing I 've seen in a while
... and strangely hypnotic .
( , Wed 24 Mar 2010 , 16:51 , archived ) ( , Wed 24 Mar 2010 , 16:51 ,
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Makers of small web browsers want their programs to be given more prominence on Microsoft 's browser choice screen .
Six software firms have complained to the EU saying many do not realise their programs were on offer .
To see all 12 web browsers , users must scroll to the right when viewing Microsoft 's ballot screen .
The choice is being offered as part of a settlement of an anti-trust case brought against Microsoft by the European Commission .
Global choice
" The final choice screen design leaves the vast majority of users unaware that there are more than five browsers to choose from , " the six firms said in their petition .
BROWSER CHOICES Avant Chrome Firefox Flock Green Browser Internet Explorer K-meleon Maxthon Opera Safari Sleipnir Slim
The petition is signed by the makers of the Avant , Flock , Maxthon , Slim , Sleipnir and Green browsers .
The makers of the other browser on offer , K - Meleon , did not sign it .
From 1
March , the browser choice have been popping up on the screens of millions of Europeans who have Internet Explorer as their default web browser .
The browser choice screen is designed as a single panel .
Scrolling to the right reveals all twelve browsers on offer .
" We are only requesting the simple addition of any text or design element , that would indicate to an average user that there are choices ' to the right of the visible screen ' , " said the petition .
Microsoft said that the browser choice screen was drawn up to be compliant with the deal agreed with the European Commission .
Early reports suggest the browser choice screen is leading to a rise in the numbers of people trying browsers other than Internet Explorer .
In a statement , Opera said it had seen downloads of its browser increase threefold since the choice screen system started rolling out .
At the same time , the European Committee for Interoperable Systems ( ECIS ) has asked for the browser choice system to be repeated around the world .
In a statement it called on " competition agencies around the world to give their consumers the benefit of browser choice , which will spur competition and improve the Web experience for all " .
So far , the ECIS campaign has got no further than an open letter on the organisation 's site .
However , it did not rule out a more active campaign on the issue of browser choice .
ECIS members include long - time Microsoft rivals Oracle , IBM , Red Hat , Opera and Adobe .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Most lasers have operated along similar physical principles : a small , precisely dimensioned , closed cavity containing specific materials that will get incoming photons excited enough to band together and form a coherent laser beam .
However , this is n't the only way to get a material to lase , as it's possible to get the same effect by taking advantage of the scattering of light .
Researchers have now demonstrated a scattering - based laser that relies on light pumped into a 50 mile long fiber optic cable .
A laser needs two things to work : a cavity that traps the light , usually created by two mirrors , and a material that is able to amplify the radiation while it 's trapped .
This amplification is usually caused by gas particles that are excited by an electric current running through the cavity .
The excited particles will catch the photons , become even more excited , and emit additional photons of the same wavelength .
This process can take place over and over until there are enough photons to populate a laser beam .
The new work involved making a laser that used fiber as a guide for scattered photons .
The long , straight fibers help direct the photons , generally keeping them on a straight course .
Light traveling through the fiber can accumulate a certain amount of disorder because of small imperfections in the medium .
That disorder turns out to be critical to the operation of the laser .
The fiber laser depends on two photon scattering properties .
One is Rayleigh scattering , which occurs when light hits fetures that are smaller than the wavelength of the light itself , usually individual molecules or atoms .
In this case , the photon bounces away , leaving with the same amount of energy it came with .
The second is Raman scattering , where particles bounce off a feature and leave with a different amount of energy than they had prior to the collision .
Raman scattering happens significantly less often than Rayleigh but , given enough space and time , Raman effects can accumulate .
In the new laser , two pumps direct photons into the open cavity formed by a fiber .
As photons travel along the length of the fibers , they hit imperfections that cause them to scatter .
Some of the Rayleigh - scattered photons will scatter backwards , much like the photons that strike a mirror in a closed cavity laser .
Others will be Raman scattered , which not only causes them to reverse directions , but also ramps up their energy — this is the equivalent of the excited atoms in a closed cavity laser .
While , individually , these effects are weak at best , the researchers found that , if enough photons are given enough space for these scattering events to happen many times , there are eventually enough excited photons to create a laser beam .
The scattering has to be allowed to happen over a significant distance — the fiber laser tested was over 51 miles long , and scientists estimate that the fiber tunnel needs to be at least 43 miles in order for lasing to happen at all .
In some ways , the fiber lasers are cheaper , as they require no mirrors or glass , and use easily acquired materials that need less calibration .
Of course , they are n't about to replace the pocket - sized one you use to play with your cat .
Still , it might be possible to find a use for lasers of this sort , given the huge lengths of fiber optic cable that are already out there .
The authors also suggest that it could be immensely useful for scientists to take a second look at other already well - known physical anomalies — their new applications could be only 43 miles away .
Nature , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038 / NPHOTON.2010.4
By Nigel Wrench
Reporter , Radio 4 PM
Ebi performing at the BBC Persian session recording One of Iran 's biggest pop stars has used a rare visit to London in time for Persian New Year to give President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad a blunt message .
" Shame on you , " says Ebrahim Hamedi - known to his millions of fans simply as Ebi .
" Get the hell out of Iran and find [ another ] place , because sooner or later they are going to kick you out of the country . "
Protest songs Ebi has not been home since before the Islamic revolution in 1979 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He now divides his time between Marbella in Spain and Los Angeles in the US - as well as performing in concert halls around the world .
If you have n't heard of him , it may be because he sings only in his home language , Farsi .
Imagine , though , an Iranian version of the British singer Tom Jones - Ebi is now 60 - but with added politics .
In London , Ebi recorded an acoustic session for the BBC's Persian television service , including one of his most famous protest songs .
Called Gole Sorkh , it translates as " red rose " , and was written in the early 1980s .
He says : " During the revolution they killed lots of people , especially young people , and now they are starting to do it again .
" When they shoot you in the heart , the blood looks like a red rose . "
Ebi says his music is officially banned in Iran .
" My music is underground music .
People walking in the street say ( and here his voice drops to a whisper ) ' Ebi has a new tape out . '
" As an Iranian , I have to send my message to my country , to my people .
I 'm just trying to wake them up a little bit . "
Worms and cockroaches
But he supports none of the opposition leaders , such as Mir-Hossein Moussavi , whose green - clad supporters flooded the streets of Tehran during the elections of 2009 .
Indeed Ebi's pre-election song , Tasmim ( " decision " ) , suggested the choice offered was in fact no choice at all .
The video for it , available on YouTube , has a not - so - subtle visual metaphor .
Ebi uses his music to send a message to his fellow Iranians
It ends on an image of two glass bowls .
One has live worms in it , the other live cockroaches .
" I support the green movement , but there are no leaders , " he says , before , characteristically adding another metaphor .
" They all come from the same river , the same sea . "
Ebi's next dates are in Frankfurt , Kuala Lumpur - and then in Iraqi Kurdistan , the nearest he has been to Iran in decades .
" I would love to go to Iran , it 's my country .
" If I go there , I 'm sure they will not let me go out .
I do n't know the rest of it , but probably they will put me in jail .
" But this [ to go to Iran ] is one of my wishes .
And some day God will give me that . "
Ebi's performance was broadcast on the BBC's Persian television service on Saturday 20 March
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Police have been known to use social media like Facebook and Twitter to track down thieves ( the IRS , too ) , and careless Facebooking can quickly get you arrested .
But if you 're on the run from the law , there 's another online territory you might want to consider avoiding : World of Warcraft .
Howard County , Indiana Sheriff Department Deputy Matt Roberson tracked down fugitive Alfred Hightower via the hugely popular massively multiplayer online game .
Hightower was wanted on several counts of drug dealing but had fled the country to Canada .
After finding out Hightower was a WoW fan , Roberson sent a subpoena to the game 's maker , Blizzard Entertainment .
With the information they sent back , Roberson was able to pinpoint the perp 's location .
Hightower will be extradited back to the U.S. to face charges .
Lesson learned : Virtual worlds do n't make as ideal places to hide from the law as one might think !
[ via Massively ]
[ img credit : davidsonscott15 ]
[ Note : This is a recent Martenson Insider post that I am making public .
A couple of members thought this topic deserved wider attention and conversation , and I agreed .
Thanks go to MikeP for the title change idea . ]
The NYT had an editorial this past weekend ( Feb 6 , 2010 ) that trotted out some dangerous mistruths about the deficit and framed the issue as a left vs. right political game .
I hardly know where to start , but I will note that we ’ve had massive accumulations of new debts under every single administration since the early 1980s , and that it has n’t seemed to matter which party has controlled which branches of government .
One could be forgiven for suspecting that , when it comes to deficit spending , there are n’t two parties , but only one .
The real truth is that we have a culture of reckless spending in DC that transcends either or both parties , and I always lose a bit of trust in those who attempt to paint it otherwise .
This is simply not a partisan issue .
The second objection I have to this editorial rests with its attempt to step past our deficit by painting it as self - evidently necessary ( emphasis mine ) :
The Truth About the Deficit
When the White House released its new budget last week , including more spending to create desperately needed jobs , Republican leaders in Congress denounced President Obama for driving up the deficit and demanded that the Democrats halt their “ reckless ” ways .
The deficit numbers — a projected $ 1.3 trillion in fiscal 2011 alone — are breathtaking .
What is even more breathtaking is the Republicans ’ cynical refusal to acknowledge that the country would never have gotten into so deep a hole if President George W. Bush and the Republican - led Congress had not spent years slashing taxes — mainly on the wealthy — and spending with far too little restraint .
Unfortunately , the problem does not stop there .
Americans should be anxious , for reasons including the huge deficit .
But the cold economic truth is this :
At a time of high unemployment and fragile growth , the last thing the government should do is to slash spending .
That will only drive the economy into deeper trouble .
I disagree .
I happen to think that that an economic crisis is an excellent time to take a good hard look at spending habits , and , if they are n’t serving you , to slash them mercilessly .
The cold economic truth is that spending wildly beyond your means does n’t make sense in any economic environment .
All it does is trade temporary relief today for deeper economic pain later on .
But there ’s another assumption baked into this editorial that is desperately off the mark .
It is the idea that government spending is helping to lower unemployment and stabilize fragile growth , which implicitly assumes that the spending is both necessary and appropriately directed .
What if neither were actually true ?
For the record , I would have an entirely different view of government spending if it were spent on different things .
For example , I am really taken by the new high speed trains ( and stations ) that China has received for its government expenditures :
( Source )
Now that ’s a good use of public monies !
Awesome .
I would love to see such modern investments being made in my own country .
Instead , as we gaze across the federal budget pie , it ’s pretty obvious that our major expenditures have relatively little to do with long - term investments or capital improvements :
( Source )
More than half of our money is being spent on mandatory entitlement distributions , which simply means money going towards providing basic living expenses and health care .
Both are important to the recipients , but these expenditures are centered on current consumption , not long - term prosperity .
Now take a look at the remaining parts of the pie , specifically defense spending .
As enormous as that $ 744 billion wedge is , it understates the true extent of our security expenditures , because black - book spending and portions of the DOE , DHS , and other budgets that are dedicated to defense activities are hidden over there in the “ Nondefense ” pie wedge .
Some estimates suggest that our yearly defense outlays now approach $ 1 trillion .
Let ’s put that in context .
Here are the projected revenues for the 2011 fiscal year :
( Source )
If we divide defense spending of $ 744 billion by projected individual income taxes ( $ 1,121 billion ) , we find that 66 % , two - thirds (! ) of all such receipts , are consumed by defense spending .
It pretty much goes without saying that a nation cannot be prosperous in the long run if it is spending two - thirds of its individual income tax receipts on defense expenditures .
Of course , we ’ve managed to hide this over the years by going deeper and deeper into debt , so most people are not directly aware that two - thirds of their April 15th contributions are mainly headed either overseas or into the coffers of defense contractors .
Only 17 % of our entire 2011 budget is going to go to nondefense spending , and the lion ’s share of that is for programs and hires that are already in motion or in place .
84 % of all receipts are going to go towards mandatory spending in 2011 .
Let that sink in for a moment .
84 % . Let me type that slowly : e.i.g.h.t.y. f.o.u.r. p.e.r.c.e.n.t .
And 94 % of all revenues are entirely consumed by mandatory spending plus the interest payments ( also arguably “ mandatory ” ) .
So no matter how much politicians say they want to “ cut spending ’ , rest assured that they have backed themselves into a very sharp corner .
There ’s no maneuvering room left .
In FY 2011 expenditures are slated to exceed revenues by 49 % .
Forty - nine percent . 49 % (! ) .
Okay , now I am scaring myself .
Now matter how you slice these expenditures , they are unsustainable .
Think of how intense the future budget battles would be if the government had to live within its means .
Imagine if each wedge of the budget had to be shrunk by a third to bring expenditures in line with revenues .
Politically , I just ca n’t see this happening , which is why I continue to believe that every effort will be made to print our way out of the problem .
As a side note , I somehow missed this article from Friday , notable because it is the first public trial balloon that I ’ve seen floating the idea that the Fed might not stop its thin - air money - printing program :
Official says
Fed might buy more mortgage - backed securities
Friday , February 5 , 2010
The Federal Reserve would consider reopening its program to support the mortgage market if interest rates spiked or the economy showed new weakness , Federal Reserve Bank of New York President William C. Dudley said in two new interviews .
Remember , I thought that the end of March would be the time when we would get our read on whether the program would involve renewed efforts at borrowing and printing our way out of our easy - money debt pile - up .
Looks like we ’re right on track .
Now , back to the editorial .
The idea that there ’s no room to cut government expenditures without seriously impacting the economy is pure bunk .
We could easily trim defense spending without impacting our economy in the slightest , if we chose to reduce the amount of money we are sending overseas to maintain 700 + foreign military bases and prosecute two wars .
Next , we might also imagine that if we diverted money being spent on military expenditures into , say , high speed trains , wind farms , natural gas pipelines and distribution stations , and an upgraded electrical smart grid ( for example ) , we ’d get far more immediate and lasting economic benefit ( and improved national security too , I might point out ) than we would out of so - called “ defense spending . ”
The cold economic truth is that we are slowly bankrupting our country .
And we are spending our money on things that do not contribute to our collective long - term prosperity .
Instead , I wish that this editorial , and dozens of others like it in other newspapers , would take a deep breath and ask the deeper and harder questions about our national priorities , challenges , and opportunities , and then call for a significant departure from the business - as - usual budget fiasco that is slowly but steadily leading us towards a vastly diminished future .
In short , somebody has to say it :
The emperor has no clothes .
Until we can have a legitimate discussion about the true economic costs and opportunities lost associated with our current expenditure regime , I do not see much hope that we ’ll magically navigate ourselves to a better , more prosperous future .
That ’s the real truth about the deficit .
Good news !
Yesterday ( for those who are n't on private ) , the board approved the resolution to adopt Cassandra as a top level project , you 've graduated !
Now your last incubator read should be the graduation guide , it explains how to get the TLP infra set up .
In short the mailing - lists and the repo will be moved , you 'll get your final domain name and Jonathan will get access to committers admin .
Many of you are now in the project management committee .
Enjoy !
Matthieu
During the run-up to the 2008 election I had the opportunity to work on a challenging mapping problem , as part of my work for We Also Walk Dogs .
Our client MoveOn.org planned to run a multi-state get - out - the - vote field campaign .
This kind of campaign involves teams of volunteers going door - to - door having conversations with voters and recording the results .
Later the same volunteers will help turn out voters to their polling places .
The early phase of this project focused on picking the areas where the campaign would operate – a process known as turf assignment .
The traditional way to do this is to assign work by precinct .
We needed a way to display precinct maps visually to aid in picking precincts and assigning them to offices .
You might think that there would be some publicly available resource for precinct maps in a consistent format covering every state .
Sadly , this is not the case .
In fact , for reasons that escape me to this day precinct maps are carefully guarded secrets controlled at the state level .
It is sometimes possible to buy the precinct map for a given state , but not always and certainly not in a single standardized format .
What we did have was the voter file .
The voter file is a publicly available list of every voter in every state ( almost , nothing is perfect of course ) .
Critically for our purposes it includes both the voter ’s address and their precinct .
We theorized that we could essentially reverse engineer the precinct maps from the voter file data – essentially defining a precinct as a list of voters in that
precinct and then drawing a shape which enclosed them .
To give you an idea of how I thought it would work , consider this map :
The dots on the map are voters assigned to three different precincts .
My idea was to come up with some way to draw shapes around them which would approximate the actual precinct shape .
For example :
My first attempt at solving this problem was to write a geometric algorithm which attempt to find what ’s call the “ convex hull ” containing all the voters in a precinct .
The simplest way to think about a convex hull is as the shape a rubber - band would make if you pulled it around all the points .
In this case it might look something like :
Not bad , right ?
Sadly things in the real world are n’t so simple !
It ’s unfortunately all too common to have precincts more like this :
And when you try to draw a convex hull around these points you get :
And if you think that ’s bad , imagine what that would look like if there were a few more precincts shown and they all had overlapping segments .
It ’s not unheard of for one precinct to entirely enclose another !
Even worse , the voter file data contains errors – some people are assigned precincts that are actually many miles away from where they should be .
When you try to fit a convex hull around a precinct with just one bad address you get a shape with a very long spike .
Ugly and ultimately unusable .
My first solution to this problem was to divide the map into a grid and color each grid box according to its composition , subdividing as necessary .
The maps produced this way were actually surprisingly usable , given the brute - force nature of the algorithm .
They looked something like :
This worked but it was still pretty far from ideal .
In particular it looked nothing like the pretty paper precinct maps that people are used to looking at .
The final solution I arrived at after boning up on my math skills was something called a Voronoi diagram .
In simple terms a Voronoi diagram forms shapes by including all the area which is closer to a given point than any other .
It ’s ideal for building up maps based on a set of points .
Here ’s what the final results looked like :
As you can see the Voronoi algorithm is able to construct shapes to fit very complex constraints , and it even provided enough shape data to draw outlines around the shapes .
Compared side - by - side with the real precinct maps ( often just scans of paper maps , sadly ) the generated maps were often very close .
If you ’re interested in using the Voronoi algorithm in your own code I was able to release the code of it as a Perl module on CPAN .
You can download it here :
http://search.cpan.org/~samtregar/Math-Geometry-Voronoi/
I ’m hoping the 2010 elections will give me a good excuse to dive back into this problem – there ’s still so much that could be done to make precinct maps easier to use .
The reaction to the iPad has been largely negative , which is n’t too surprising given the out - of - this - world hype that preceded its unveiling .
Many are dismissing it as a giant iPhone and nothing more , while some morons , who apparently get off on spec- sheets , are already calling it a failure because of it lacks Flash , an e-ink display , and support for multitasking .
Now let ’s get one thing straight – the iPad is not the second coming , and is n’t nearly as revolutionary as the iPhone was when it first debuted .
But that misses the bigger picture , namely that the iPad may very well be the perfect device for the large group of people who not only do n’t know how to use computers , but who lack the desire and / or patience to learn .
To anyone with a modicum of technical savvy , this all might seem a bit silly , but it ’s easy to forget that the vast majority of adults have but an elementary understanding of how to use computers outside of a few basic tasks .
The iPad , with its impressive screen and intuitive and easy to use UI will instantly make computing a more welcoming and friendly experience for the large number of users who probably could n’t tell you if more RAM is a good or bad thing .
Fraser Speirs writes :
I ’m often saddened by the infantilising effect of high technology on adults .
From being in control of their world , they ’re thrust back to a childish , mediaeval world in which gremlins appear to torment them and disappear at will and against which magic , spells , and the local witch doctor are their only refuges .
With the iPhone OS as incarnated in the iPad , Apple proposes to do something about this , and I mean really do something about it instead of just talking about doing something about it , and the world is going mental .
One of the more frequent memes to emerge in the wake of Apple ’s iPad announcement has been , “ The iPad would be great for my parents ” , a sentiment which implies that the iPad fills a much needed void for users who need a basic computing machine , but have no need for a full powered Mac running Final Cut Pro .
As a fan of Apple products , I ’ve led my fair share of PC users over to the greener pastures of the Mac .
But every so often , and I ’m sure other Apple users can relate , someone will ask me what kind of computer they should buy and I can’t , in good faith , tell them that buying a $ 1,100 iMac is what they need when all they really want is a machine to check their email with and browse the web on .
For these users , the subpar user experience on a cheap Windows PC or netbook is hardly a consideration when comparing pricetags is the extent of their market research .
Now , out of nowhere , comes the iPad .
It ’s relatively cheap , easy to use , and offers a range of functionality that far exceeds any device at a comparable price .
At its core , Apple ’s iPad provides an intriguing alternative for a group of users who want as seamless an interaction with technology as possible .
Some have referred to the iPad as an appliance , and I think that it ’s a fitting title .
Consumers want their appliances to just work , and they could n’t care less about the underlying technology that drives them .
A toaster , an HDTV , a video camera – people use these items for specific tasks and simplicity is often what sells .
And just to be clear , simplicity , as Apple ’s products exemplify , does not necessarily imply less - capable .
Remember back in the days of VHS when recording one TV program while watching another required one to pore over a users manual while haphazardly pressing an assortment of buttons in the hopes that you ’d figure it out ?
Nowadays , DVR systems are so simple that the average 10 - year old can watch a Baseball game while simultaneously setting up a series recording of 30 Rock .
The technology is not only easier to use , but a helluva lot more powerful , and it ’s that balance that drives Apple ’s products .
The iPad embodies that balance for the large group of consumers who get their tech news from CNN ’s cable channel instead of from Engadget .
Speirs continues :
Think of the millions of hours of human effort spent on preventing and recovering from the problems caused by completely open computer systems .
Think of the lengths that people have gone to in order to acquire skills that are orthogonal to their core interests and their job , just so they can get their job done .
If the iPad and its successor devices free these people to focus on what they do best , it will dramatically change people ’s perceptions of computing from something to fear to something to engage enthusiastically with .
I find it hard to believe that the loss of background processing is n’t a price worth paying to have a computer that is n’t frightening anymore .
The iPad obviously is n’t for everyone , and it ’s by no means even close to a replacement for a MacBook Pro .
But it serves a demographic of users that for the most part have been ignored or overlooked – users with no serious interest in technology .
The appeal of the iPad obviously extends beyond the technically uninterested crowd , and will undoubtedly be a rich gaming , video , and print media experience as well .
But it ’s appeal to the average consumer who could give a shit about multitasking and who has no idea what CES is might be the trick up the iPad ’s sleeve , and is probably why Steve Jobs reportedly views the iPad launch as being on a similar plane as the Mac and the iPhone .
The Macintosh was advertised as the computer for the rest of us .
The iPad may very well be the computer for the rest of them .
 from Truthout
With each passing day , it becomes more and more astonishing to encompass the fact that George W. Bush , Dick Cheney and their henchmen from the prior administration have managed thus far to escape any accounting whatsoever for the massive battery of criminal activity committed during their time in office .
More than a year has passed since these men had their hands on the levers of power , and evidence of their myriad crimes and frauds is laying all over the countryside , yet nothing has come of it .
The British government has been running a wide - ranging inquiry into the manner in which the UK and United States were led to war in Iraq by then - President Bush and then - Prime Minister Tony Blair .
An astonishing amount of damning evidence and information has been uncovered and publicly aired , including the following statements delivered by a senior member of Parliament ( MP ) on Tuesday :
A senior Welsh MP said last night he knew " for certain " Tony Blair and George Bush struck a deal to invade Iraq at their notorious Crawford Ranch meeting in 2002 - a year before war was declared .
Elfyn Llwyd , Plaid Cymru 's parliamentary leader , said he had seen a confidential memo to that effect , although he would not divulge its exact contents .
Critics of the military action in Iraq have long suspected Mr Blair and President Bush came to an agreement at the president 's ranch in Crawford , Texas in April 2002 , a claim Mr Blair denied in evidence to the Chilcot Inquiry last week .
Mr Llwyd said he had offered to give evidence to the Chilcot Inquiry himself , in private if necessary .
The Meirionnydd Nant Conwy MP said : " I think other things should have been pursued [ at the inquiry ] , in particular the detailed conversation at the ranch in Crawford in April 2002 .
I do know that the deal was struck , I know for certain it was struck at that stage so just to pretend months down the road that no deal had been struck I think is unforgivable .
I have offered to give evidence and Chilcot has said ' I 'll come back to you ' .
At that stage I will have private discussions with him . "
MP Llwyd refers here to the infamous Downing Street Memos , a collection of British government documents that lay out George W. Bush 's intent to invade and occupy Iraq whether or not there was any WMD / terrorism evidence to support the action , documents that further demonstrate Prime Minister Tony Blair 's willing acquiescence to the plan .
Most damning of all is the secret memo dated 23 July 2002 , explaining that war in Iraq was coming , and if the facts did not support the action , those facts would be twisted and buried .
" There was a perceptible shift in attitude , " read the memo [ emphasis added ] .
" Military action was now seen as inevitable .
Bush wanted to remove Saddam , through military action , justified by the conjunction of terrorism and WMD .
But the intelligence and facts were being fixed around the policy .
The NSC had no patience with the UN route , and no enthusiasm for publishing material on the Iraqi regime 's record .
There was little discussion in Washington of the aftermath after military action . "
These documents , along with testimony from the likes of MP Llwyd , offer a vivid portrait of a Bush administration far gone in the pursuit of its own militant plans , and more than willing to break laws and deceive the public to achieve the ends they sought .
It was a nest of criminals that occupied the White House for those eight long years , proof of this continues to pile up in vast drifts , and nothing comes of it .
Quite the contrary , in fact .
A recent report from the Justice Department 's Office of Professional Responsibility slapped a big fat " Not Guilty " stamp on the jackets of John Yoo and Jay Bybee , the two central authors of the notorious " torture memos " that argued the legal justifications for the use of torture by the Bush administration .
Worse , it appears Obama 's DOJ went out of the way to make sure Bybee and Yoo escaped free and clear from any censure for their despicable activities .
According to a recent Newsweek report :
An upcoming Justice Department report from its ethics - watchdog unit , the Office of Professional Responsibility ( OPR ) , clears the Bush administration lawyers who authored the " torture " memos of professional - misconduct allegations .
While the probe is sharply critical of the legal reasoning used to justify waterboarding and other " enhanced " interrogation techniques , NEWSWEEK has learned that a senior Justice official who did the final review of the report softened an earlier OPR finding .
Previously , the report concluded that two key authors - Jay Bybee , now a federal appellate court judge , and John Yoo , now a law professor - violated their professional obligations as lawyers when they crafted a crucial 2002 memo approving the use of harsh tactics , say two Justice sources who asked for anonymity discussing an internal matter .
But the reviewer , career veteran David Margolis , downgraded that assessment to say they showed " poor judgment , " say the sources .
( Under department rules , poor judgment does not constitute professional misconduct . )
The shift is significant : the original finding would have triggered a referral to state bar associations for potential disciplinary action - which , in Bybee 's case , could have led to an impeachment inquiry .
The truth of the matter is plain enough .
Yoo and Bybee are not going to turn themselves in .
Neither are any of the other actors in this gruesome play .
If any measure of justice is going to be achieved , it will fall upon Congress , President Obama and his Department of Justice to get it done .
Subpoenas must be issued , evidence gathered and testimony heard for the truth to be brought forth and for punishment to be meted out .
But this DOJ cannot even accept the judgment of its own OPR on two comparatively minor foot soldiers of the Bush administration without sanding down the conclusions enough to spare Yoo and Bybee the punishment they so richly deserve .
Is there any hope at all that the larger players in the Bush - era criminal activities - Bush , Cheney , Rumsfeld , Rove , Perle , Feith and Wolfowitz most prominently - will be brought to justice when those two lesser lights are allowed to return to a law school classroom and a seat on the federal bench ?
Disgraceful as it is to say , do n't hold your breath .
Speaking of evidence , there is this : a bomb in Karbala exploded on Wednesday , killing and wounding dozens of Shiite pilgrims .
Another bomb in Karbala was attached to a military vehicle and killed and wounded dozens on Wednesday .
Another bomb killed and wounded several other pilgrims outside Baghdad on Wednesday .
Gunmen shot and killed a police officer in Kirkuk on Wednesday .
The day before , a suicide bomber killed 54 and wounded dozens more in the outskirts of Baghdad .
As of Wednesday , almost 5,000 US soldiers had been killed in Iraq , and nearly 50,000 more have been wounded .
More than a million Iraqi civilians have likewise been killed and wounded .
Bush , Cheney , Rumsfeld , Rove , Perle , Feith , Wolfowitz , Rice , and a dozen other members of the Bush administration , including Yoo and Bybee , are directly responsible for this carnage .
They lied through their teeth and broke any number of laws to see it done .
They are guilty of much more than the war crimes they committed in both Iraq and the United States .
They are guilty of bankrupting this nation with two wars begun on false pretenses and perpetuated to enrich the few , while further cementing the stranglehold " defense spending " has on our growth as a civilized nation .
Thanks in no small part to the Iraq debacle , there is no political impetus to lay a finger on the wildly bloated " defense " budget , even as the fabric of our society shreds and shatters under the economic yoke placed upon our necks by the previous administration .
Ours is a government staffed from stem to stern with political cowards who refuse to heal these wounds , and with those who are just as culpable as those members of the Bush administration ( read : members of Congress who voted to support each and every criminal act that led us to this place ) .
Justice ?
When it comes to the Bush administration , the word has no meaning .
They have escaped that justice , and we are all less free because of it .
_______
About author William Rivers Pitt is a New York Times and internationally bestselling author of two books : War on Iraq : What Team Bush Does n't Want You to Know and The Greatest Sedition Is Silence .
His newest book , House of Ill Repute : Reflections on War , Lies , and America 's Ravaged Reputation , will be available this winter from PoliPointPress .
Maybe the farmer does n't realize it and thinks the Sun god and Nature goddesses are helping him .
But that 's just a coincidence that 's helping him continue his ways .
They worship the arrival of the stork -- which , by the way , even the Japanese and Chinese do .
Coincidence ?
( I 'm willing to bet Mexicans do that too ! )
There are still pockets in India where people 's lifestyles are frozen in time and have n't changed much .
Picture this : A remote Indian village in the Ganges delta a few hundred years ago .
The farmer starts his day by letting his flock of ducks into his irrigated fields .
The water from the river brings with it , besides nutrients and alluvium , some unwanted ( for the crops ) pests too .
But that is not a problem -- the ducks will keep the pests in control .
Not only that , they will turn those pests into manure and drop it right inside the pool of collected water to be anaerobically decomposed under the water .
This is a guest post by Suraj Kumar , who posts under the name sunson .
He is a software engineer living in Bangalore , India .
This is a link to his blog .
The saying goes Unity in Diversity , and it 's true for stable ecosystems .
Agriculture as it has been practiced in India over centuries has relied and depended on nature 's forces .
Whether we evolved our practices , designed the system by hand , or got it by sheer luck overnight ... every Indian alive today is a proof that we survived in this region for several thousand years .
The fertility due to the unique geographical structure of the sub - continent is a natural gift .
Consciously / sub - consciously / systemically realizing it and living on it for thousands of years is wisdom .
The Great Change
Then came along the colonialists .
We all kinda know what happened .
I 'd just like to place an exerpt from Lord Macaulay 's speech in the British Parliament on 2nd Feb 1835 ( quoted elsewhere in various contexts on the web -- typically nationalistic sounding ones ) .
I first found it in Amartya Sen 's book The Argumentative Indian :
" I have traveled across the length and breadth of India and I have not seen one person who is a beggar , who is a thief .
Such wealth I have seen in this country , such high moral values , people of such calibre , that I do not think we would ever conquer this country , unless we break the very backbone of this nation , which is her spiritual and cultural heritage , and , therefore , I propose that we replace her old and ancient education system , her culture , for if the Indians think that all that is foreign and English is good and greater than their own , they will lose their self - esteem , their native self - culture and they will become what we want them , a truly dominated nation . "
Several things changed after the advent of the colonialists .
Some for " our " good , one could argue ?
For instance , the colonialists left at the end of a major war .
( One of the root - causes was colonisation itself ! )
India was freed , right ?
The specific form of exploiting of India 's resources changed from that of direct occupation to a more subtle and effective form called " Free Trade " .
The Bretton Woods system ratified all capitalist nations ' interests in continued exploitation of natural resources by the still - ruling powers of the world ( namely US , Britain , France , etc. ) .
Free Trade , in other words , is a system of exploitation of a so - called Third World nation 's resources by someone with Little Green Pieces of Paper on the lines of , " If you let me take your stuff , you 'll get these little green pieces of paper with which you can buy the finished goods I produce using your nation 's resources . "
Female infanticide
Besides improvement in the quality of lives of those people who accepted the little green pieces of paper , there were arguably some other improvements .
For instance , they " taught " the peoples what it means to be " humane " .
Female infanticide , what a terrible and ruthless thing it is !
But ... it is also important to realize that this so - called " inhumane " killing of the girl baby is a very effective means of population control .
( By no means am I justifying or arguing for female infanticide here .
Far from it . )
In the wild , many males go unmated .
A male does n't mean more individuals .
A female that survives , however , very likely results in more children .
Educating the females coupled with eradication of female infanticide would have worked .
But with India , it was a half done job ... and that 's worse than not doing the job at all .
Take away that population stabilisation mechanism of female infanticide and add to it the joke called the Green Revolution , and India saw her population rise and her once - stable ways of life completely changed forever .
Today , we 're a billion + and to feed that growing population , we had to adopt ways of agriculture that were previously not thought of .
Today , India boasts of vast areas of degraded soil .
It was a forgone conclusion that she would end up in this situation given the decisions that were made by the so - called Leaders of that Era .
Where be the Wisdom ?
The colonialists are back ( strong statement , indeed ;-) ) -- under the name of Monsanto , DuPont and several other MNC " Agri Businesses " who promise to solve the problem of the world 's poverty .
( Does that ring a bell ? )
Last time , it was by releasing the locked up nitrogen in a finite endowment of natural gas to create fertilizers , developing an infrastructure of farm mechanisation that relied ( and still relies ) on fossil fuels ( specifically diesel ) and quickly releasing water stored up in deep aquifers through the use of , yet again , cheap fossil fuels .
( A significant portion of electricity comes from Coal + Oil + Natural Gas . )
This time , they 're back with the same old excuse of attempting to solve world 's poverty by manipulating our domesticated life forms '
DNA .
So what exactly is their system of " solving world hunger " ?
1 . The company has had a successful herbicide product called Round Up. ( Remember , Agent Orange ? )
The herbicide kills just about anything in its way .
Earlier , farmers had to exercise care when spraying the herbicide because they ran the risk of killing their own crops too .
Roundup is a non-selective weed killer .
The paradox with life is that , the more we apply selection pressure , the more " evolved " the species we 're trying to kill becomes .
This is because those individuals that could be killed are already gone !
The ones that remain are the ones who were difficult to kill in the first place , and if they manage to leave their progeny , those progeny are likely equally difficult too !
Over just a few generations , things become very difficult for one generation of humans .
The use of just the herbicide alone did n't scale well .
We talk " scale " only when we talk growth .
However , stability needs resilience .
The job done by the frogs , the sparrows , the spiders , the lizards and the earthworms were now replaced by one single plastic bottle with a TradeMarked logo on it .
How neat ?
2 . Since the herbicide solution did n't scale they had to do a round two of their fight against nature - through Genetic Engineering .
They " invented " a new " variety " of crop that was resistant to the herbicide ( called " Round Up Ready Whatever " ) .
All was good for a while , until recently ( 2 years ago ) when farmers started reporting Super Weeds .
Life evolves in amazingly powerful ways .
This was just one example .
3. Genetic Engineering has two peculiar problems :
a. Bugs :
If a Microsoft writes buggy code , they can send a " fix " .
But what happens when there are " bugs " in the genetically engineered code ?
How do you fix a plant ?
Today 's genetic engineering methods are still crude .
It 's not like we insert a nano - particle that reads through the genes and " modifies " the genes .
They merely insert some other animal 's genes that produces the desired proteins !
b. Intellectual Property : Life replicates .
That 's the equivalent of piracy , only naturally done by the bees .
To avoid these two problems , they introduced Terminator Technology .
Simply put , the seeds produced by the GM crops are n't seeds .
They cannot produce new plants when sown .
They 're merely grains for consumption .
Seed saving -- the very practice that brought about agriculture , will no longer be applicable since the seeds are all impotent .
I 'm sure we have all read about farmer suicides and the wide - spread cause of suffering due to this very enslavement .
Ah , solve hunger by killing people ?
That makes sense !
Oh wait , that " scale " requires farm machinery which , by today 's infrastructure , is all designed to run on diesel .
Now , I 'd like to draw you to the end of this post by instilling a sense of hope through this real life story that I 've been quite proud of ...
On our farm , we decided to sow only native variety rice seeds .
We picked two varieties namely " Garudan Samba " and " Gandakasala " .
We had to obtain them with much difficulty since the government makes only narrow - mindedly designed rice varieties from the IRRI available to the farmers .
At first , the locals ( having forgotten their own ways of traditional , resilient agriculture ) laughed at us and even questioned if such things will be " practical " in today 's world .
Grace be to the all merciless , non-existent God !
The rains poured and destroyed their crops at a completely unseasonal time .
Our crops were damaged , but not destroyed completely .
Now , they are beginning to see the advantanges .
They 're curious to find out how to obtain these seeds .
They 're still using pesticides .
But they 're beginning to see the birds perched atop our now - growing trees helping with pest control .
They 're still using fertilizers but that 's because :
1. Fertile , naturally rich soils are n't anywhere around .
Our soil has just begun the recovery from the damages due to prolonged nitrogen fertilizer use in the past ( ie. , before we bought this land ) .
2. Fertilizers are still pretty much free flowing in this Peak Moment .
I 've become pretty much cynical that most of the time , it is only the shock doctrine that helps bring the masses to reality .
Those very things can also be learnt by applying thought -- however challenging or even depressing that might seem initially .
If you 'd like to " take away " anything from this post :
All I ask the reader to do is to switch to locally produced foods that are not GM .
Every paisa is a profit that helps further their ways of enslavement and suffering .
It kills our wisdom , however foolish and ridiculous it might sound to the " Free Thinking " West .
Ridicule works and we must not fall prey to their old ways .
Free
Thought brings with it a sense of confidence and a dash of arrogance .
Knowing that arrogance is Wisdom .
Evolutionary studies today show that the genetic differences amongst the so - called " races " are totally insignificant and that it has just been mere chance that led to the rise and fall of several civilizations .
The people of this sub - continent did n't use coal in 19th century and oil in the 20th century like the " Colonisers " were doing .
But coal and oil are just finite resources .
The success of the West is only temporary , and eventually the West will have to deal with reality in ways we 've all come to accept in the past -- thousands of years ago .
An American Indian quote to end the post :
Impacted by a recent natural disaster ?
We have resources to help .
| Learn more
( This post is from Calculated Risk . )
In Q4 2009 a majority of the increase in GDP was due to changes in private inventories .
That can be a little confusing ...
First , GDP is Gross Domestic Production .
What is being estimated is " domestic production " , but what is being measured is mostly domestic consumption .
Right away we can see that if something is produced domestically and then exported , it will not show up in domestic sales .
So exports are added to the equation , and imports subtracted .
Investment and Government spending are also added to measures of consumption , and we frequently see an equation like this for GDP :
Y = C + I + G + NX
Y : GDP
C : Consumption
I : Investment
G : Government spending
NX : Exports - imports .
But what about changes in inventories ?
The same ideas apply .
What is measured are sales and changes in inventory , and then production is calculated :
Production = Sales + Changes in Inventory
The following simple table shows how this works , and how it impacts GDP :
The first four quarters just show normal growth .
Sales increase by one unit each quarter , and since inventory is steady , production increases with sales .
This gives annualized GDP growth of 4 % , and a slightly declining inventory - to - sales ratio ( assuming inventory stay at the same level ) .
Now look at Q5 .
Sales suddenly drop , but production still increases since the decline in sales was a surprise .
This pushes up inventories .
Production is measured from sales ( 100 ) plus increase in inventory ( +4 ) and GDP still increases .
Now in Q6 sales fall further to 97 .
The company reacts to the decline in sales and only produces 100 widgets .
Inventory still increases ( +3 ) , but the combination of sales and inventory in Q6 is less than in Q5 , so GDP declines sharply ( marked in red ) .
In Q7 sales have bottomed , but the company is still cutting back on producton because they have too much inventory .
For Q7 , Production = Sales ( 97 ) plus changes in inventory ( - 1 ) giving production of 96 widgets .
That is sharply below the 100 widget production of the prior quarter , so even though sales have bottomed , GDP declines sharply .
In Q8 sales increase slightly , but the company still has too much inventory , and they cut production further - resulting in a decline in GDP .
Finally in Q9 , sales increase again by one unit , and the company can now increase production almost to the level of sales .
Inventory is still declining ( production is less than sales ) , but production has increased sharply compared to Q8 .
This shows up as a surge in GDP of 23 % in this example .
Remember production in Q9 was calculated from sales and changes in inventory .
Production of 98 widgets =
Sales of 99 widgets , minus 1 unit for decline in inventory .
The increase in production from 93 units in Q8 to 98 unites in Q9 is what shows up in the GDP report .
By Q10 sales and production are pretty much back in equilibrium , but at a lower level than the peak .
Now further increases in production depend on increases in sales .
And that brings us to the Manufacturing and Trade Inventories and Sales report from the Census Bureau today that showed inventories declined slightly in December ( seasonally adjusted ) .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
The Census Bureau reported :
Inventories .
Manufacturers ’ and trade inventories , adjusted for seasonal variations but not for price changes , were estimated at an end - of - month level of $ 1,310.7 billion , down 0.2 percent ( ±0.1 % ) from November 2009 and down 9.7 percent ( ±0.4 % ) from December 2008 .
Inventories / Sales Ratio .
The total business inventories / sales ratio based on seasonally adjusted data at the end of December was 1.26 .
The December 2008 ratio was 1.46 .
This report suggests that inventories are back in line with sales , and the inventory cycle is mostly over ( there will probably still be a positive contribution in Q1 2010 from changes in private inventories ) .
Further increases in production will now depend on increases in consumption ( or exports ) .
Read more great posts at Calculated Risk »
It ’s that time again to take a moment to think about those people who have impacted Ruby community but have not received the recognition they deserve .
We have given away twelve awards in the past two years at Railsconf , and this year we are preparing to give away six more .
But we need your help .
So , if you know someone who has contributed to our community this year please take a moment to show some gratitude by nominating them on RubyHeroes.com .
A month from now the Ruby Heroes from last year will look at the nominations and decide who should receive the awards ( this way there ’s no popularity contest ) .
However , your nominations do matter , so please take a moment and spread the gratitude .
The winners will be announced live on stage at Railsconf 2010 , and posted here shortly there after .
Do you suffer from freckles ? '' asks the ad .
Pippi Longstocking marches right in and tells the shop lady " No . " " But my dear child , " responds that fount of rectitude , " your whole face is covered with them . "
" I know it , " says Longstocking .
" But I do n't suffer from them .
I love them .
Good morning . "
Like half of humanity I spent Christmas tied hand and foot , as it were , to Stieg Larsson 's trilogy .
And I can tell you this .
Lisbeth Salander 's dysfunctionality may knock Pippi's into a cocked hat but this tiny , tattooed curmudgeon of a hero is Larsson 's Longstocking .
She 's his take on how Sweden 's child - anarchist - of - choice would deal with a modern , adult world .
And boy , does she deal .
In one astonishing sequence - astonishing because it works - the elfin Salander is surprised at a deserted cabin by two hired assassins programmed to " tear her apart and stuff her in their saddlebags " .
Within minutes she has hobbled one , sent 50,000 volts through the other 's testicles and roared off on his Harley - Davidson with ( the final indignity ) his treasured bike club insignia padding her helmet .
Another especially satisfying scene has Salander tattoo her vengeance - I am a sadistic pig , a pervert and a rapist - across the bourgeois belly of her tormenter .
This stuff makes Swedish critics grizzle .
" Larsson 's books depict a dark and violent Sweden , brimming with state and family secrets . "
But to non-Swedish tastebuds , the trilogy 's dominant flavour - against which Salander makes stark counterpoint - is a low - church Ikea blond ; prose so unvarnished , values so lofty and characters so cartoon - simple as to imbue an oaten plainness , more Amish than Witness .
How , then , did this high moral tale , swiftly plotted but clunky and arrhythmic in its prose , get so big ?
How did this uber - simplistic feminist diatribe from a socialist militant ( whose only written will was a 30 - year - old document leaving everything to the Umea Communist Workers League ) become a world best seller ?
DAY FOUR , GAME 1 -- Thursday , April 14
TWITTER : @GeorgeRichards
SUNRISE
With so many players making their postseason debut for the Panthers ( eight of the 20 players dressed tonight are in their first playoff game ) , there 's bound to be some jitters .
For third - line center Rocco Grimaldi , being in these playoffs must feel a little like playing with house money .
He was n't supposed to be here , yet here he is .
And he 's making the most of it .
Just a few weeks ago , the NHL Stanley Cup playoffs could n't have been on his mind .
The AHL Calder Cup playoffs , sure ; the NHL postseason , no .
" I was focused on being in the starting lineup in the ' A ' , " Grimaldi said .
" We were in a playoff chase there and I get here and we 're in a division chase .
I did n't expect this .
It 's pretty cool . "
When Vincent Trocheck got hurt , however , Grimaldi got the call .
He 's centered postseason veterans Teddy Purcell and Jiri Hudler since and three have played pretty well .
" I think those three have been playing very well , " coach Gerard Gallant said .
" Rocco has played a handful of games , but the past three or four games they 've played together , they 've shown great chemistry together .
They mix well , have some offensive ability and are quick .
We really like that combination . "
It appeared Grimaldi was out of the Panthers plans this season as he was sent back to AHL Portland before Christmas and never cam back up .
It 's not like the Panthers were n't recalling forwards , either .
When he did get the call last month , Grimaldi has taken the opportunity and taken off with it .
When Trocheck comes back , this run may be over but only because there does n't seem to be anywhere else to play him .
" I can only focus on one shift at a time , one game at a time , " Grimaldi said .
" I do n't know what could happen as far a lineup changes go , so , I 'm not worried about it .
I know I 'm going to play tonight and that 's all I can control .
It 's an opportunity for me to help our team win . "
So far , Grimaldi has made his best case that he is valuable to the Panthers and deserves to be a part of this .
" I 've had numerous opportunities here this year and last year and I think this one has been my best , '' he said .
" I feel more confident , more comfortable .
Obviously playing with [ Hudler and Purcell ] has helped me out , make me feel comfortable which is great .
I can't be satisfied with the few games I 've played ; I have to move forward in the playoffs . ''
-- Garrett Wilson gets the call tonight on the fourth line with Derek MacKenzie and Shawn Thornton as Greg McKegg and Quinton Howden are scratched .
Many times we 've seen surprise heroes pop up in the postseason .
Wilson would be the biggest surprise hero if he were to pop in a goal or two at the right time in these playoffs .
It sure would be cool if Wilson -- the veteran of a grand total of 34 NHL games -- got his first NHL goal ( or even his first NHL point ) in the playoffs .
" This is what you play for , this is the real season , '' Wilson said .
" I probably wo n't get my pregame nap in today .
I 'm just ready to go .
On the fourth line , we try to play playoff - style hockey all season so this should n't be anything new to us .
We have to do what we 've been doing all year ; get in on the forecheck , finish our checks and be physical .
That 's our gameplan .
We have a job to do and be physical . ''
-- Injured defenseman Steven Kampfer skated before the morning workout then joined in during the later stages .
Kampfer injured his ankle in Ottawa last week and was thought to be out for at least the first four games .
Depending on how things go , however , it 's believed Kampfer may be available for Game 3 on Sunday .
" It 's too early ; he 's still day - to - day , " Gallant said .
" He wo n't play today or tomorrow , but after that , we 'll see where he is .
Today was the first day on the ice so that 's a good thing for him . "
-- No news on Vincent Trocheck today and I did not see him skate .
-- The Panthers get Erik Gudbranson back after he missed the final three games of the season .
" He 's a big , physical guy who plays a shutdown role for us , " Gallant said .
" He plays against the top players on the other team , blocks a lot of shots , kills a lot of penalties , does a real good job for us .
Guddy has taken a big step for our team this year .
He 's very confident , moves the puck real well and is a big part of our blueline . "
Said Gudbranson : " It ’s fun , it ’s what you work hard for all season long .
This is where we want to be .
This is what hockey really is .
You ’re going for the Cup right now , we have a shot at it .
We ’ve worked so hard to get here and it ’s a very fun feeling to be here but obviously our level of focus needs to be there and it is there in our group and that will get us through these next couple games . "
-- The BB&T Center looked more red than usual this morning as every seat was decorated with a commemorative t- shirt .
If you have a ticket today , go ahead and take it home with you .
That 's what it 's there for .
-- Speaking of decorating , the Panthers changed up some things in the rafters .
Not only did they move the US , Canadian and Florida flags to the opposite side of the arena , but they brought back original banners from the 1993 - 94 expansion season , the 1996 Eastern Conference championship banner as well as the Bill Torrey ' 93 ' banner which first went up a few years back .
A few years back , the Panthers brought in new banners which all looked the same .
Now there 's a little color and character back in the rafters .
" We have to celebrate the history of the team , '' Peter Luukko said .
" I was there [ with the 1996 Flyers ] and was a victim of the rats .
Lets bring that stuff back ; it 's really cool to celebrate and hang those banners .
" There were some really good players who came through here and some really lean years , too .
It was tough .
But we 'll put that behind us and lets celebrate this team that has been here , had some success , and embrace it . ''
Wrote Doug Cifu ( @dougielarge ) on Twitter : " Our guys found them in a storage room !
Working on team banners next .... "
--
One guy who is n't growing a playoff beard is Gallant .
He had some gruff going yesterday , but it was gone this morning .
" Not for the coach , " he said .
" As a player , I liked the playoff beard but now it itches too much and I do n't like it .
That 's a player thing . "
-- Jaromir Jagr was told he had the option to speak before or after the game today .
He took the early session .
" I do n't know how bad I 'm going to feel after this one , " he joked .
Here are some Jagr excerpts :
(*)
On the youth : " We have a lot of young guys who have never been to the playoffs so we 'll see how we handle it .
On one side , we have experience ; on the other , we do n't .
We 'll have to wait and see . "
(*) Can you share your experiences ? :
" No matter what you say , they have to go through it .
Everyone knows . "
(*) Worried about the Islanders zeroing in on you ? : " I do n't know why they should look at me .
I 'm 50 years old , so ... "
-- Roberto Luongo is big into daily fantasy games but said he did n't select Kobe Bryant last night because he 's done with basketball .
" It 's baseball season , " Luongo said .
-- Gallant had a lengthy pregame press conference in the newly spiffed up media room at the arena .
Here are some excerpts of that :
(*)
On their youth : " We 've talked about our team being young for the past few years .
We know what we 've got with our hockey team .
Our young players have a lot of experience -- not playoff experience -- but experience on the power play , penalty kill and playing big minutes for this team .
It 's not an issue for me at all . "
(*)
On the compressed schedule : " We had a lot of back - to - backs the past few years and I really like them , to be honest .
Our team has had good success in them , we play good hockey back - to - back .
Obviously you wonder about Jagr in back - to - back games , playing three in four days , but he 's had no issues .
He 's played great games in back - to - backs .
I like it ; in four days , we 'll have three games played in this series and hopefully we play well and we 'll be on top .
But it 's going to be a battle .
For me it 's no issue . "
(*)
On the goalies : " I do n't look at the other team 's goalies .
We worry about our goalies and our goaltending has been strong all season long .
Louie is a real experienced guy and has played well ; Monty , when called upon , has 12 big wins for us as the backup .
They are strong in net as well , but Louie and Monty , to me , are a very strong pair . "
-- Peter Luukko on the rat giveaway which ended up leading to a pair of delay of game penalties on the Panthers :
" We 're here to have fun , '' he said .
" Yeah , we probably should n't be giving out 10,000 rats , but , was n't that a ball ?
Thank God we won the game or the big guy would have killed me .
It 's a fun league here ; we can't take ourselves too seriously .
Are we going to do it again ?
No .
We 'll find something else to do . ''
-- Islanders coach Jack Capuano spoke on a variety of subjects as well .
(*)
On why Jagr is so dangerous :
“ Well number one , it ’s experience .
He ’s played with some great players he ’s won a lot of hockey games .
Number two , he brings great leadership to that hockey club , they ’ve got good young talented players .
Number three , is his size .
When you play against a player like Jaromir Jagr you know he ’s going to have the puck on his stick .
It ’s how you defend him , that ’s the big thing .
As good as he protects the puck , we just have to make sure we limit his time and space , the best we can .
He ’s got a long stick , a great shot , he does a lot of good things and he ’s a player that our guys will obviously be well aware of when he ’s on the ice . ”
(*)
On the schedule of the series
“ I do n’t think it has too much of an impact , we play a lot of back - to - backs throughout [ the season ] .
I do n’t look at the schedule , you never want to look ahead , obviously just try to focus on tonight .
I think the only impact for us as we move forward if you play a lot of back - to - backs , is your lineup and your goaltending situation and that ’s something we ’ll address as we move forward . ”
-- Isles ' forward Matt Martin said although the Panthers winning the Atlantic may have been a surprise , this is a strong team they 're facing in the opening round .
" I think they ’re very talented especially with Tampa being as strong as they were last year , with the teams on that side , I ’m sure a lot of people did n’t think they would win the division , " Martin said .
" They ’re a strong team ; they ’ve got great goaltending , great defensemen and really good forwards .
There ’s no weakness to their team .
It ’s going to be a big battle , they ’re at the top of the standings for a reason and they belong there . "
Beginning in 2007 , all of the businesses that I ’ve been involved with have consistently grown in the double or triple digits every year .
And overall , I ’ve started 3 six figure businesses online .
First , there was my ecommerce store that I launched with my wife in 2007 .
The following year I began blogging at MyWifeQuitHerJob.com .
2 years later , I launched my online store course .
Last year , I started the My Wife Quit Her Job podcast .
And this year , I ’m held my very first ecommerce conference called The Sellers Summit which sold out quickly and was a major success !
Editor ’s Note :
If you are interested in learning how to start your own online store , click here to take my FREE 6 day mini course on ecommerce .
My online store , my blog and my ecommerce course EACH generate a very healthy six figures in profit and the podcast recently started earning revenue as well .
( Click here to read my yearly income report for my blog and my online store respectively ) .
Meanwhile by day , I still work a full time job as a hardware engineering director designing microprocessors .
Update : I finally decided to quit my day job .
Here ’s why
While this sounds like a lot of projects to take on in addition to hanging out with my 2 kids , the truth of the matter is that I still feel like I have tons of free time .
I spend every weekend with my family and rarely do I ever feel stressed out during the week .
In fact , I ’ve been asked the same question many times in the past .
How do I manage to fit so much stuff into my schedule , grow my businesses and still have time for family and a full time job ?
Here ’s how I operate .
Get My Free Mini Course On How To Start A Successful Ecommerce Store
If you are interested in starting an ecommerce business , I put together a comprehensive package of resources that will help you launch your own online store from complete scratch .
Be sure to grab it before you leave !
Click Here To Download
I Avoid Context Switching
First off , I avoid context switching at all costs .
Using microprocessor lingo , context switching is when your CPU switches back and forth between different tasks .
For example when you are using your smart phone to flip back and forth between apps , your processor is frantically trying to toggle between different tasks or contexts .
Now you might not be aware of this but there ’s a pretty major penalty every time a CPU has to do this .
For example , it has to remember where it left off with the previous task , load things back into memory for that program and then continue .
Lots of CPU cycles are wasted in the process .
Humans are no different .
Have you ever tried to do work on your computer only to find yourself browsing Facebook , Twitter , or Instagram and then flipping back wondering where the heck you left off ?
Have you ever looked at your “ To Do List ” and tried to tackle more than one thing simultaneously ?
This used to happen to me all the time .
Every time you change tasks , you waste valuable time and brain power .
Today whenever I sit down at my desk , I aim to accomplish at most 1 or 2 goals for the day .
And I crunch through all of them with zero distractions until I ’m done .
And by zero distractions , I literally mean zero !
I do n’t answer the phone .
I do n’t check texts .
I do n’t check email .
Heck , I do n’t even eat or drink !
I ’m in the zone .
When it ’s time to get work done , it helps to have only 1 thing in mind to accomplish for the day .
Anymore will cause you to waste brain power switching contexts .
And it ’s a given that you must block out Facebook and other social media distractions .
What this also means is that you have to fiercely prioritize .
After all , when your objective is to accomplish only 1 thing for the day , that 1 thing better be important .
I Ensure Forward Progress
Do you ever feel like you ’re working hard on your businesses but not making forward progress ?
Do you ever feel like you are just treading water ?
I know I ’ve felt this way in the past .
For me , every single week there are a lot of “ maintenance ” tasks that need to take place just to keep things afloat .
For example every week I publish at least 1 blog post and 1 podcast .
Now on the surface , this does n’t seem like a lot but writing these posts takes a hell of a long time .
First off , every article takes hours to write .
Then I have to proofread and search for images before it can be published .
Finally , I have to write an email blast that goes out to my list .
Likewise with the podcast , I have to spend time arranging interview schedules with my guests .
Then the audio needs to get edited along with show notes and an image as well .
Note : I also have to answer emails , take care of my students and other course related tasks as well .
All of the above is what it takes just to keep the motor running from week to week .
And if this is all I accomplish , the status quo stays the same and my businesses do not grow .
In order to actually grow the business , I need to do outreach / marketing , get featured on other podcasts / blogs and work on my sales funnels and new products to sell .
So to prevent stagnation or “ treading water ” syndrome , I dedicate 1 day out of the week towards the pursuit of forward progress .
And on this 1 day , I do not do any maintenance tasks whatsoever .
Every minute of that day is devoted to growing all of my businesses .
For example , last week I implemented a brand new abandoned shopping cart sequence for my online store .
The week before that I improved and added to my email autoresponder sequence for my course .
Several weeks before that , I implemented a brand new PPC ad campaign .
Because I dedicate this one day towards growth , I tend to finish my “ maintenance tasks ” much sooner and my businesses always move forward .
Progress is sometimes slow but it ’s consistently up and to the right .
I Outsource Repetitive Tasks
Before I launched my podcast , my schedule was pretty cushy .
I was only writing once a week and I could easily fit everything business related within a 5 hour a week time window on my own .
But then I started my podcast and my schedule went out the window .
Here ’s the thing about running my podcast .
I interview guests as the main feature of the show .
And as a result , I have to cater to their schedules at the expense of my own .
Sometimes a guest can only do an interview during lunch .
So what do I do ?
I have to drive 20 minutes back home , do the interview , and then schlep my way back to the office on a weekday .
Sometimes , the guest can only chat at 7 am so I have to roll out of bed half asleep , do the interview and then rush the kids off to school .
Then there ’s editing the podcast which takes a TON of time .
You ’ll notice that my podcast audio tends to have very few pauses and ums and that ’s because it ’s all post processed for your listening pleasure .
In addition , an image needs to be created ( for Pinterest purposes ) and show notes need to be written as well .
For a while I was doing all of this myself and nearly burned out in the process .
Thankfully , I found a friend of mine to do the editing for me and she ’s been awesome .
These days , I just drop off the podcast audio on dropbox and it magically comes back edited within a few days .
Likewise , I drop off the audio to my transcriptionist and my podcast magically gets transcribed within a week .
I ’ve also hired people to do some of my image creation and handle my Pinterest accounts too .
While I ca n’t outsource the actual interview portion of the podcast , almost everything else is taken care of .
I Share My Experiences With Other Entrepreneurs
After you ’ve run your businesses for a while , it ’s easy to become complacent and stagnant .
For example , 2 years ago my online store barely grew in the double digits because I sat back and did n’t try very many new marketing strategies .
Now it ’s not because I was being lazy per se but it ’s because I did n’t know what I did n’t know .
I did n’t have much new to try because I was n’t aware of the possibilities .
Fast forward to today , I consistently meet with several mastermind groups on a regular basis .
And by talking to other entrepreneurs , I ’m pushed to try new strategies and tactics for my businesses .
For example , the reason I tried Bing ads was because one of my ecommerce buddies made fun of me for ignoring the # 2 search engine in the US !
The reason I tried Facebook ads in the first place was because of a talk I attended at an ecommerce conference .
The reason I started selling on Amazon is because Lars Hundley hounded me into submission .
In the latter of half of this year , I plan on giving more webinars because one of my podcast guests , Grant Baldwin , got me really excited about it .
When it comes to growing your businesses , it always helps to share your experiences with other entrepreneurs .
By educating each other in regards to what ’s working and what ’s not , you can be more efficient with your time .
Conclusion
When it comes to time management and growth , it ’s more of a mental hurdle to overcome than anything else .
In reality , you have a lot more time than you think and it ’s just a matter of reducing the waste .
To sum up this entire post , here are the keys to the success and growth of your businesses .
Focus on 1 task at a time and remove all distractions .
Always dedicate at least one day towards growth .
Share your successes with other entrepreneurs .
Outsource repetitive tasks .
If you do these things , your revenues will consistently grow up and to the right !
photo credit : Hlpwntd Pero Mrnarevic , Americana
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
This is a follow - up to my post last year about simplistic heat - maps using Vecto .
To recap , I ’m trying to make heat maps for google maps overlays .
Here ’s how it works in a nutshell :
From javascript I pass to the server the lat / lng region currently shown on the google map , and what size heat map to generate , in pixels .
lisp pulls weights from my database within the given lat / lng region lisp iterates over the db results , mapping lat / lng to x/y coordinates for the final heat map image lisp uses the list of mapped ( x y weight ) to draw the heat map in png javascript throws the png on top of the google map
I tried a few things based upon the comments I got back from the helpful lisp community .
used zpng to get direct pixel access , and calculated each pixel ’s color using a weighted average of nearby points using distance .
This did n’t produce good images , and was pretty slow .
used zpng to get direct pixel access , and calculated each pixel ’s color using the gravity formula against nearby points .
This did n’t produce good images , and was very slow .
I did some more research and learned about the Generic Mapping Tools and bicubic interpolation .
The GMT is a set of C programs , similar to the Imagemagick suite .
GMT showed one way to draw heat maps in the Image Presentations tutorial .
It spoke of gridded data sets , and that gave me one more vecto - based idea : split the desired heat - map into a grid and color each square in the grid based upon an average of the weights mapped in that square .
This is a neat effect , but not what I was going for :
This is reasonably fast , taking about 1 second on my dev server .
To quickly find what weights belong in which grid square , I make a spatial index of all the weights , using an r-tree from the spatial - trees library .
The next method I tried was to use interpolation to get a smooth look .
I found Cyrus Harmon ‘s ch-image library supports image interpolation , and got to it .
As Patrick Stein noted elsewhere , ch-image is n’t easy to install .
It ’s not asdf - installable , and the project page does n’t list all its dependencies .
For future reference , here ’s what I think I needed to install it :
( asdf-install: install " http://cyrusharmon.org/static/releases/ch-asdf_0.2.14.tar.gz " ) ( asdf-install : install " http://cyrusharmon.org/static/releases/ch-util_0.3.10.tar.gz " ) ( asdf-install : install " http://cyrusharmon.org/static/releases/smarkup_0.4.2.tar.gz " ) ( asdf-install : install " http://mirror.its.uidaho.edu/pub/savannah/cl-bibtex/cl-bibtex-1.0.1.tar.gz " ) ( asdf-install : install " http://cyrusharmon.org/static/releases/clem_0.4.1.tar.gz " ) ( asdf-install : install " http://cyrusharmon.org/static/releases/ch-image_0.4.1.tar.gz " )
Armed with ch-image , now the drawing process becomes :
draw a small image , coloring pixels based upon weights enlarge the small image with interpolation
The first step is very similar to the code I wrote to make the grid version above .
Instead of drawing a rectangle , I draw a pixel using ch-image ’s pixel access functions .
This was a little weird because ch-image ’s coordinate system has 0,0 at the top left of the image .
I ’m still not sure how to best choose the size of this smaller image , but ultimately it should depend on my data .
For now I just have it hard - coded be 20 x smaller than the desired size :
Yep , that ’s pretty small .
Applying a transform to scale it up to the desired size using bilinear interpolation yields :
It looks pretty good and takes about a half - second to draw .
If you click into the larger version , you can see some discontinuities in there , which is a well - known result of bilinear interpolation .
However , based upon other graphics I ’ve seen , what I really want is bicubic interpolation .
Luckily , ch-image has this built in :
Oops , maybe not so luckily .
I can certainly see the kinds of look I ’m wanting in all the garbled stuff , but ch-image is freaking out somewhere there .
Bilinear it is !
Here ’s a screenshot of the overlay in place on the map :
It ’s pretty fast , and looks pretty nice , and is fairly close to the look I wanted .
I probably still have some off - by - one errors somewhere , and need to check the git repos for the ch-* libs to see if there might be newer versions than the tarballs I installed .
I still count this as great progress for 5 hours of coding and research .
Huzzah for the much - maligned lisp libraries !
What women want in 2010 : A husband who'll be the main breadwinner
Young mothers are turning their backs on high - powered careers to raise their children , a study has found .
Their mothers , or even grandmothers , lived through a time when women fought for full - time work and better pay .
But today 's generation is returning to the traditional values of home and family - and looking to men to be the breadwinners .
Tradition : But Baby Boomers in the 1950s wanted to go out and work
The about - face was highlighted yesterday in research presented by leading sociologist Geoff Dench , who has analysed responses to questions asked in the annual British Social Attitudes survey .
His analysis comes against a background of growing political pressure on mothers to go out to work .
It revealed a striking change in values in the decade since New Labour swept to power .
The number of mothers with children under four who thought that family life would suffer if women worked full - time fell in the years before Tony Blair took office , dropping from 43 per cent in 1990 to 21 per cent in 1998 .
But by 2002 it was rising and in 2006 had soared to 37 per cent .
Similarly the number of women in the same category who agreed that most women want a home and children fell between 1994 and 2002 to 15 per cent .
Regression ?
Women in 2010 are turning their backs on high - powered careers to raise their children
But in 2006 , the last time the question was asked in the survey , that number had rocketed to 32 per cent - higher even than back in 1986 when it stood at 20 per cent .
By far the biggest leap came when women were asked whether they agreed that men and women should have different roles .
In 1986 , 40 per cent of women with children under four said ' yes ' , four years later that had plummeted to 13 per cent and by 2002 it had dropped still lower to 2 per cent .
In 2006 , however , that had jumped back up to 17 per cent .
Last night Mr Dench , who completed his analysis for the right - leaning Centre for Policy Studies in association with the Hera Trust , said : ' Women with young children are going back to the very traditional division of labour in which they want the husband as the breadwinner .
' Having tried full - time working themselves they have found the home much more interesting and want to be enabled to have that - especially if the only job they have access to is a dull job . '
He said there had been a gradual move back towards ' more positive evaluations of women 's traditional " work " in the family and informal community ' .
While mothers have increased the amount of paid work they do , he said this was mostly part - time work , enabling them also to spend time in the home .
He said evidence pointed to the group fuelling the switch being young mothers aged 18 to 34 - the same age as their mothers were when they fought for the right to work on a par with men .
' They are rocking against the Baby Boom generation , in many cases their own parents , ' he added .
' Just as young women led the movement into higher levels of paid work , it seems to be young women who are leading a return to more traditional values . '
Stepping back : Today 's generation of women is returning to the traditional views of home and family
The number of mothers with children under four working part - time has risen from 10 per cent in 1983 to 1986 , to 28 per cent from 2005 to 2008 .
In the same category the number working full - time has risen from 9 per cent to 19 cent .
Mr Dench said that the women who said they were happiest appeared to be those who valued the housewife role but also did some paid work .
The analysis follows a report from a prominent liberal commentator which also revealed that far from wanting to be ' superwomen who manage everything , plus a high - profiled career ' , many women just want to be stay - at - home mothers with their husbands taking the role of breadwinner .
Cristina Odone , a former deputy editor of the New Statesman and editor of the Catholic Herald , said millions of women had been left frustrated and miserable by Government policies that push them back into jobs and their children into nurseries .
Ministers have redoubled efforts to persuade mothers to take jobs in the face of evidence that a big majority of the poorest families are two - parent families in which only the father works .
Meanwhile the Equality and Human Rights Commission and equal pay pressure groups say that mothers are often anxious to go back to work but are pressured into a caring role by lack of flexible working hours , a shortage of affordable daycare and reluctance of men to take over a share of the childcare .
The possibility has been raised that Pope Benedict XVI should resign over the snowballing paedophile priest scandal in the Catholic Church .
The BBC's Vatican correspondent , David Willey , examines the question .
The Vatican has vigorously defended Pope Benedict 's record in office
In theory , there is nothing to stop Pope Benedict taking a piece of paper out of his writing desk and drafting a letter of resignation to hand to the College of Cardinals , the supreme electoral body of the Catholic Church .
Under Canon
Law , the only conditions for the validity of such a resignation are that it be made freely and be properly published .
But no pope has done this in modern times .
There has , however , been persistent speculation by historians that during World War II , Pope Pius XII drew up a document stating that if he were to be kidnapped by the Nazis he was to be considered to have resigned , and a successor should be chosen .
As the Vatican has delayed the full release of its archives relating to Pius 's pontificate , because of a dispute over his reaction to the Nazi Holocaust , there is no means of verifying whether this is true .
Rival claimants
Going back further in time , the last case of a pope resigning dates back a further five centuries .
Pope Gregory XII - who reigned from 1406 to 1415 - did so to end what was called the Western Schism .
No pope has resigned as head of the Catholic Church in modern times
There were three rival claimants to the papal throne at that time , the Roman Pope Gregory XII , the Avignon Pope Benedict XIII , and the Antipope John XXIII .
Before resigning , Gregory formally convened a Church Council and authorised it to elect his successor .
The only other significant example of a papal resignation dates back even further in time .
In 1294 , Pope Celestine V , only five months after his election , issued a solemn decree declaring it permissible for a pope to resign and then did so .
He lived for two further years as a hermit , and was later declared a saint .
The decree that he issued ended any doubt among canon lawyers about the validity of a papal resignation .
Having said all this , the likelihood of Pope Benedict voluntarily laying down his high office remains slim .
The Vatican is for the moment vigorously defending the record of his five - year papacy , and Benedict 's previous conduct during the period when he was Cardinal Archbishop of Munich and subsequently head of the CDF , the Congregation of the Doctrine of the Faith , the watchdog Vatican department responsible for disciplining priests guilty of bad conduct .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In a surprise move this morning , Google announced that it was officially enabling the latent ability of Android phones - including the new Google Nexus One - to use pinch - to - zoom functionality in the phone 's Browser , Gallery and Maps applications .
Multitouch is a feature which enables users to interact with a touchscreen by using more than one finger .
For example , the intuitive use of finger & thumb to " pinch & zoom " - one of the most popular features of Apple 's iPhone operating system .
Until now owners of Android phones have had to rely on workaround hacks from independent Android developers to enable multitouch on their handsets .
Understandably , people unwilling to modify their phone and lose the warranty have been annoyed that Google had disabled the feature .
i Tnews had been investigating potential reasons for Google keeping this feature disabled during the last two weeks and as recently as January 24 , all Google Australia PR was willing to confirm was that the Android 2.0 framework " includes support for multi- touch " - but other questions were effectively stonewalled .
We asked Google why some Android phones have multitouch enabled / disabled depending on which market they 're sold in .
For example , the Motorola Droid in the USA has multitouch disabled while the identical phone sold in Europe as the Motorola Milestone has multitouch enabled .
The Google Australia spokesperson responded by explaining that Google had significant input into development of the Android framework but " as with other platform technologies , such as the text - to - speech engine , carriers and OEMs can choose to implement it " as they please .
Tech blog Engadget recently interviewed Eric Tseng , Senior Product Manager for Android at Google , and grilled him about the absent multitouch feature on Android handsets and he also evaded the question by rephrasing it :
" When people say ' why does n't Android have multitouch ? ' it 's not a question of ' multitouch ' ...
I want to reframe the question .
We have multitouch - what people are asking for is specific implementations in the UI that use multitouch , like pinch - to - zoom , or chording on the keyboard , " he was reported as saying .
Apple owns the trademark for " Multi- TouchTM " when referring to a touchscreen interface .
Our take
It has long been speculated that the real reason for Google not officially enabling multitouch was a " gentlemen 's " agreement with Apple to avoid infringing on patents such as # 7479949 which includes claims such as : " instructions for detecting one or more finger contacts with the touch screen display ; instructions for applying one or more heuristics to the one or more finger contacts to determine a command for the device ; and instructions for processing the command . "
Until recently , Apple has been quite rightly able to argue that the iPhone has several user friendly features such as multitouch ability and the best touchscreen smartphone screen which are superior to Android handsets .
But these advantages are one - by - one being eroded with announcements like Google 's bombshell today .
The ball is now in Apple 's court .
Only time will tell if the company is willing to unleash a phalanx of lawyers to defend its multitouch patents , or if it satisfied that the cold war standoff to date has provided the iPhone with enough competitive advantage to gain significant market share .
Commentary
The Core Standards for Writing : Another Failure of Imagination ?
When the 9/11 Commission reviewed factors that made our country vulnerable to the 2001 terrorist attacks , it found that “ the most important failure was one of imagination . ”
Imagination , defined by one dictionary as “ the ability to confront and deal with reality by using the creative power of the mind , ” is a critical faculty in our world .
And where better for it to be nurtured and to flower forth than in the writing classroom ?
Yet , if we examine the draft standards for English language arts from the Common Core State Standards Initiative , a project led by the National Governors Association and the Council of Chief State School Officers , we find imagination mentioned nowhere .
In fact , most of the 18 proposed writing standards are singularly unimaginative .
They are also woefully out of balance , in the direction of relatively noncreative forms of writing .
It comes as no surprise that many of these standards are already reflected in state documents .
Who would quarrel with students ’ need to establish a topic , sustain focus , represent data accurately , revise their own writing “ when necessary , ” or use technology as a tool ?
—iStockphoto.com / Dorian Melton
Or , consider the proposed 9th standard : Students are expected to “ demonstrate command of the conventions of standard written English , including grammar , usage , and mechanics . ”
English teachers have been asking students to demonstrate such command ever since standard English arose .
Yet what is “ standard written English ” ?
If it is the English of our best essayists , then we will find that sentence fragments are not uncommon .
In fact , many of the “ rules ” of the grammar classroom — never end a sentence with a preposition or split an infinitive , for instance — simply are not rules here and never have been .
Moreover , when standard and rhetorically effective English clash , imaginative writers of both fiction and nonfiction typically opt for the latter .
Even the great usage expert H.W. Fowler preferred “ idiom ” to grammar when the two were in conflict .
This is not to say that such standards should be scrapped .
But they badly need to be leavened by fresher , more imaginative ingredients .
Despite their unoriginal , even pedestrian , view of writing instruction , there is one respect in which the NGA - CCSSO standards - makers have veered far from the ordinary .
Of the 18 proposed core writing standards , eight , or nearly half , refer explicitly to writing arguments or explanations : the second and fourth , and standards 13 through 18 .
Do these two modes of writing deserve this much attention ?
And , for that matter , do those who write in these modes follow the standards of the core - standards - makers ?
To be sure , the standards - makers know that other modes exist .
They even devote a sidebar in the draft to narrative writing and concede its importance .
But in their initial sentence , they note that narrative is “ a component of making an argument and writing to inform or explain . ”
" When standard and rhetorically effective English clash , imaginative writers of both fiction and nonfiction typically opt for the latter . "
To see what good , real - world writing is really like , let ’s look at some of the selections from Joyce Carol Oates and Robert Atwan ’s anthology , The Best American Essays of the Century .
It is not easy to find essays that are purely explanatory or argumentative , but Zora Neale Hurston ’s “ How It Feels to Be Colored Me ” is clearly an attempt to explain .
In doing this type of writing , the proposed core standards say , students “ must do ” the following :
“ Synthesize information from multiple relevant sources ... to provide an accurate picture of that information . ” ( Standard 13 )
“ Convey complex information clearly and coherently ... through purposeful selection and organization of content . ” ( Standard 14 )
“ Demonstrate understanding of content by reporting facts accurately and anticipating reader misconceptions . ” ( Standard 15 )
Hurston seems blithely unaware of these standards .
She opens her essay :
I am colored but I offer nothing in the way of extenuating circumstances except the fact that I am the only Negro in the United States whose grandfather on the mother ’s side was not an Indian chief .
I remember the very day that I became colored . …
Her penultimate paragraph reads :
Sometimes , I feel discriminated against , but it does not make me angry .
It merely astonishes me .
How can any deny themselves the pleasure of my company !
It ’s beyond me .
Hurston follows none of the standards above , for “ writing to inform or explain . ”
She does n’t need “ multiple sources , ” her explanation is not “ complex , ” and the reader is not likely to have misconceptions in the first place .
What she does do in this essay , however , is remind us in the grim , gray world of writing standards that there is also humor in the world .
The following are additional standards , for “ writing arguments ” :
“ Establish a substantive claim , distinguishing it from alternate or opposing claims . ” ( Standard 16 )
“ Link claims and evidence with clear reasons , and ensure that the evidence is relevant and sufficient to support the claims . ” ( Standard 17 )
“ Acknowledge competing arguments or information , defending or qualifying the initial claim as appropriate . ” ( Standard 18 )
Are we in high school or law school ?
And again , are these standards that real writers follow ?
Some do follow them .
Martin Luther King Jr. ’s “ Letter from Birmingham Jail ” does , for example .
But another brilliant essay , H.L. Mencken ’s “ The Hills of Zion , ” a passionate argument against evangelical Christianity and anti-intellectualism , does not .
Like Hurston , Mencken chooses , with good effect , to do none of the things that students “ must do . ”
He attends a revival meeting , and essentially lets the facts speak for themselves .
I do n’t want to argue that these standards are not worthwhile .
But I do maintain that they are not a realistic reflection of arguments in everyday life ( letters to newspaper editors , for example , are often limited to 150 words ) .
And I am convinced that , were they to be adopted , the dropout rates among students bound for the working world would make our current rates tidings of comfort and joy .
I offer one more standards - breaking illustration from the Oates - Atwan anthology : William Manchester ’s “ Okinawa : The Bloodiest Battle of All , ” one of the best essays of the lot .
It has everything : humor , passion , pathos , information , description , narration , argument , and more broken rules than a Rabelaisian convent .
The essay does not “ establish and refine a topic or thesis ” ( Standard 1 ) , it establishes several .
It does not “ sustain focus on a specific ” anything ( Standard 3 ) .
It does not even “ create a logical progression of ideas or events ” ( Standard 5 ) .
And as for the “ conventions of standard written English ” ( Standard 9 ) , most English teachers I ’ve known would not approve of starting 12 sentences with “ but ” and 11 others with “ and , ” “ yet , ” or “ so . ”
Or with using a total of 30 sets of dashes in one essay , not to mention using “ I ” 12 times in 20 lines .
They might also question using a colon after “ said ” to introduce a quotation , or having single - sentence paragraphs such as this : “ And now it is time to set down what this modern battlefield was like . ”
Last fall , the National Council of Teachers of English issued the following call to everyone for submissions to the National Day on Writing ( Oct. 20 , 2009 ) :
“ We invite letters , memoirs , lists , poems , podcasts , essays , short stories , instructions , reports , editorials , video clips , biographical sketches , speeches , invitations , hopes and dreams — writing that matters most to you . ”
“ Writing that matters most to you ” — that ’s the spirit that animates all good writing , from William Manchester ’s essay , to kids ’ kindergarten attempts .
I urge the core - standards - makers to reconsider the excessively narrow and unrealistic standards they have proposed .
Were those standards to be implemented K through 12 , they would kill that spirit and diminish the role of imagination , which the poet Wallace Stevens once aptly described as “ one of the forces of nature ” in the world of words .
Vol. 29 , Issue 20 , Pages 23 - 25
Published in Print : February 3 , 2010 , as The Core Standards for Writing : Another Failure of Imagination ?
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Back to Top
Recent research suggests there are more tigers left in the wild than there are great white sharks
Great white sharks may be more endangered than tigers , with only a few thousand left in the world 's oceans , according to a leading marine biologist .
The grim assessment suggests that fishing and collisions with shipping vessels have taken a devastating toll on the ancient predators .
The World Conservation Union , which operates the red list of endangered species , lists great white sharks as vulnerable but has no official estimate of their global population .
But a recent survey suggests that great whites have fallen below 3,500 individuals , the number of tigers conservationists believe are left in the wild .
A team led by Barbara Block , a marine biologist at Stanford University , used radio transmitters to track more than 150 great white sharks off the coast of southern California .
" The estimated total population of great white sharks in the world 's oceans is actually less than the number of tigers , " said Ronald O'Dor , a senior scientist at the Census of Marine Life , an international collaboration that is cataloguing marine life .
" We hear an awful lot about how endangered tigers are , but apparently great white sharks are pretty close to the same level .
Some people say ' I do n't care , they eat people , ' but I think we have to give them a little space to live in , " O'Dor told the American Association for the Advancement of Science meeting in San Diego yesterday .
" The Australians have now got a system where they put tags on great white sharks and they have receivers on the beaches so when a great white comes into the bay the receiver automatically makes a cell phone call and tells the guy in charge to close the beach .
So we can co-exist with marine life , " he added .
In 2007 , marine biologists at Dalhousie University in Canada analysed records from fisheries and research vessels dating from the 1970s to 2005 and found evidence for a dramatic fall in shark populations .
Tiger sharks and scalloped hammerheads had declined more than 97 % since the mid-1980s , while numbers of smooth hammerheads and bull sharks fell 99 % off the east coast of the US .
Today Rep. Paul Ryan decided to let big health insurance companies continue using anti-competitive practices to deny affordable health care to families and small businesses .
Ryan ’s vote speaks volumes about his willingness to fight harder for the insurance company special interests in Washington than the hardworking folks struggling to afford health care back home .
“ Representative Paul Ryan ’s vote on whether to outlaw anti-competitive practices by big health insurance companies tells Wisconsin voters what he values more , protecting insurance company profits over helping his constituents afford health care , ” said Ryan Rudominer , National Press Secretary for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee .
“ Considering that Ryan has received $ 531,571 from the insurance industry , a vote to let them keep manipulating the market to drive up their profits while families suffer is all the more outrageous . ”
I support federal measures to end the anti-trust exemption for health insurance companies , though I see this as an interim step en route to single - payer .
If health insurance companies were subject to anti-trust laws it might be difficult for companies like Blue Cross to boost their rates 39 % while routinely denying health coverage to those in need .
Ultimately , the answer is not to encourage the proliferation of more health insurance companies but to find employment for health insurance workers in a more productive sector -- to replace the health insurance industry with something else altogether .
The insurance companies spend most of their waking hours trying to figure out how to avoid paying for people ’s medical expenses so they can boost their profit margins .
They get away with massive premium price increases and benefits cutting because they have virtually no competition .
This is because they enjoy an anti-trust exemption which allows them to engage in price fixing and collusive activity .
The result ?
By 2008 , according to the American Medical Association , a single health insurer controlled 30 % or more of the health insurance market in 90 % of the metropolitan markets in the country .
And , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation , health premiums have gone up by 131 % for family coverage from 1999 to 2009 .
If we are serious about promoting competition among insurance companies to hold down costs , the repeal of the anti-trust exemption is a no-brainer .
At noon yesterday the House voted on H Res 1098 which allows forof the bill to end the exception from anti-trust laws that health insurance companies have been enjoying .
After bitter protests from the Republican obstructionists , the rule passed 238 - 181 , every single Republican voting no , along with 10 reactionary Blue Dogs ( Bobby Bright , Travis Childers , Kathy Dahlkemper , Indiana Senate candidate Brad Ellsworth , Gabby Giffords , Baron Hill , Walt Minnick , Harry Mitchell , Scott Murphy , and Heath Shuler ) .
The Republicans tried killing the bill with a motion to recommit which failed 170 - 249 , three Republicans -- Cao , Jones and McClintock -- figuring out which way the train was rolling and jumping out of the way .
Then when the bill itself came up for a vote , Boehner 's opposition fell on deaf ears even from his own caucus .
Only 19 of the most reactionary haters of American families voted against the bill which passed -- after all that obstructionism -- 406-19 So who were the 19 ?
All far right - wing Republicans of course , the worst of the worst , many of them deeply in the pockets of the Insurance Industry like Boehner himself ( $ 939,276 ) , as well as Scott Garrett ( $ 342,519 ) , Tom Price ( $ 259,111 ) , and , of course Wisconsin paragon of corruption Paul Ryan ( $ 531,571 ) .
The DCCC , recognizing Ryan 's role in trying to round up opposition to the reform measure , pounced immediately after the vote , sending out a press release to all media outlets in Milwaukee , Janesville , Kenosha , Racine , Oak Creek and Muskego : Although written by the leadership , the anti-trust law ( H.R. 4626 ) was given to two vulnerable Democrats to sponsor , Tom Periello ( who was great ; watch him on the House floor ) and Betsy Markey .
There were 72 co-sponsors , all Democrats , of course .
I noticed that one of the Blue Dogs voting against the rule yesterday was Scott Murphy , a co-sponsor .
If passed in the House of Lords , unlikely , the Health Insurance Industry Fair Competition
Act would amend the McCarran - Ferguson
Act to provide that " ( 1 ) nothing in that Act shall modify , impair , or supersede the operation of any of the antitrust laws with respect to the business of health insurance ; and ( 2 ) Federal Trade Commission
Act prohibitions against using unfair methods of competition shall apply to the business of health insurance without regard to whether such business is carried on for profit .
" All of the Blue America - endorsed candidates -- and all of the candidates we 're considering for endorsement -- are strongly in favor of this step .
Marcy Winograd ( D - CA ) summed it up well : Bill Hedrick is running for Congress in hard - pressed Riverside County , southeast of Marcy 's L.A. district .
He 's opposing one of the worst of the Republican lockstep obstructionists , Ken Calvert , who voted with buddies at Big Insurance yesterday on the two preliminary votes .
Bill told us he strongly supports " ending the anti-trust exemption for health insurers .
Americans deserve to know who is fighting to lower premium costs for working families -- and who is fighting to preserve industry privilege .
It 's past time to end the monopoly enjoyed by huge corporate insurers and restore an old American value -- competition .
" Billy Kennedy is also running against another sociopathic Republican who automatically opposes anything and everything that is meant to help ordinary working families , North Carolina 's somewhat deranged Virginia Foxx .
Billy gave us a strong statement on this bill that Foxx opposed but did n't have the guts to vote against at the end ( although , of course , voted twice to kill it ) : Natalie Mosher is running for the House from a Detroit suburban district where the incumbent , Thaddeus McCotter , fancies himself a " moderate , " but yesterday -- as on all days -- he voted with the obstructionists , radical right maniacs and fanatics like Foxx and Calvert .
Natalie made the point that " Health care reform must include repeal of the McCarran - Ferguson Act .
State government oversight of the health care industry is no longer effective .
We need to end the current dominance by a handful of providers , who make record breaking profits as they increase premiums at skyrocketing rates at the same time they increase their denial of claims and coverage , to working - class Americans .
It 's time for the federal government to set a regulatory floor to prevent the worst practices and invite the states to establish additional protections .
It 's unconscionable that a Member of Congress would be against this pro-consumer legislation . "
Her perspective and McCotter 's are at great variance and voters in Michigan should have no trouble in seeing who's on their side and who's on Big Insurance 's side .
McCotter has taken $ 168,598 in thinly veiled bribes from the Insurance Industry to sell out his own constituents .
President Obama had asked Congress to pass the bill a day earlier saying " The repeal of the antitrust exemption in the McCarran - Ferguson Act as it applies to the health insurance industry would give American families and businesses , big and small , more control over their own health care choices by promoting greater insurance competition .
The repeal also will outlaw existing , anti-competitive health insurance practices like price fixing , bid rigging , and market allocation that drive up costs for all Americans .
Health insurance reform should be built on a strong commitment to competition in all health care markets , including health insurance .
This bill will benefit the American health care consumer by ensuring that competition has a prominent role in reforming health insurance markets throughout the Nation . "
I like the way Speaker Pelosi opened the debate yesterday : “ House of Representatives , Mr. Chairman , is called the people ’s house .
Today , we live up to that name .
By passing legislation that increases leverage for the people by changing the playing field , a playing field that has been dominated by the insurance industry for over 65 years and now it ’s the people ’s turn .
The insurance companies will now be playing on the people ’s field . "
Republicans sat in their seats making faces and noises .
This video is from a news conference Speaker Pelosi did yesterday with Louise Slaughter ( D - NY ) , Peter DeFazio ( D - OR ) , and Wendell Potter , one of the nation 's top healthcare experts .
Labels : anti-trust , Insurance Industry , Paul Ryan
The leader of a US religious cult was " outraged " when a one - year - old boy did not say " Amen " before a meal and ordered her followers to deprive him of food and water until he died , a prosecutor told jurors on Monday .
Three members of the now - defunct cult known as 1 Mind Ministries are on trial for murder in the death of Javon Thompson , who was around 16 - months - old when he died of starvation and dehydration in either December 2006 or January 2007 , according to authorities .
After the boy died , the cult members prayed for his resurrection , then destroyed all evidence of his death and stuffed his body in a suitcase , which they hid in a shed behind a home in Philadelphia , Assistant State 's Attorney Julie Drake told jurors .
The cult members - Queen Antoinette , 41 ; her daughter , Trevia Williams , 22 ; and Marcus A Cobbs , 23 - are representing themselves at trial .
Antoinette declined to make an opening statement , while Williams and Cobbs spoke briefly ; Williams in a voice so quiet that jurors , prosecutors and the judge strained to hear her .
Williams suggested the prosecution 's theory of the case was flawed .
" Pay attention to details , " she said .
Python is a very popular language for web application development .
It 's easy to learn and powerful enough to program any kind of system .
There are many options for Python web development frameworks , from lightweight packages to everything - and - the - kitchen sink solutions .
However , Grok offers a solid foundation for developing powerful , extensible , and secure web applications without too much complexity .
This is because it is based on a very advanced object - oriented web framework : Zope 3 .
Grok enables web developers to tap into the power of Zope 3 , thus giving a range of useful features for our applications with very little code .
This book offers Python developers a comprehensive understanding of Grok and a look at its main features by way of developing and evolving a sample application from concept to deployment .
You will learn how to use Grok to create web applications and how Grok offers you an agile and enjoyable development experience .
This book will introduce you to the Grok web development framework and show you how to create an application from start to finish .
You will learn how to create an application using mostly page templates and then add features to it while reworking the code as it grows .
You will learn how to use models to describe your application 's domain and how to connect those models to views for presenting information to your users .
You will also learn how to automatically generate forms from the models and how to store the data and make it searchable .
Due to the public nature of the Web , security is an important part of any web application and you will learn how Grok 's integrated security can be used to protect your application and grant access to specific users and roles when needed .
Grok offers a powerful object database for storage , but can also interact nicely with any database directly or using an object - relational mapper .
You will learn how to do both and when it 's advisable to use each .
You will also learn how to extend a third - party Grok application , how to debug it , and how to deploy it .
By the end of the book , you will be able to design and develop a complete web application using Grok .
JREF Swift Blog
How to Debunk Biomagnet Therapy in Less Than a Minute
I recently had the opportunity to attend The Amaz !ng Adventure 5 .
While at Grand Turks , our final port , I was wandering through the duty - free shop looking for deals on liquor ( Jack Daniel ’s Single Barrel for $ 39 ! ) when I happened upon a tableful of woo .
Seeing as I was a medical student on a skeptical cruise , I had to stop and have my wife help make this video .
In my off - the - cuff video , I did n’t have the opportunity to mention the lack of scientific evidence for their claims .
Even if the magnetic field did penetrate the skin , it still would not stimulate blood flow because the amount of iron in blood is far too small .
If blood did have a strong magnetic attraction , your body would explode in an MRI ( which would be cool , I admit ) .
I also did n’t have time to discuss the clinical trials that have been performed to evaluate efficacy .
As usual with CAM research , earlier poor quality studies were weakly positive ( 1,2 ) , while more recent high quality studies and meta- analyses are definitively negative ( 3,4,5 ) .
I also forgot to mention the numerous court rulings in the late ‘ 90s and early ‘00s against companies making false claims about these products .
This issue is discussed extensively on Quackwatch for those interested ( 6 ) .
In a nutshell , companies that fraudulently claimed to treat specific illnesses ( arthritis , diabetic neuropathy , migraines , etc. ) were sued .
Now , they use nebulous phrases such as “ support the healing process ” or “ restore natural energy . ”
You know , phrases that have not been evaluated by the Federal Drug Administration and are not designed to diagnose , treat or blah blah blah .
In short , magnet therapy is a great case study of CAM .
The lack of scientific plausibility , the progression of the medical literature , and the FDA Miranda Rights statement are all characteristic of CAM .
And if a lowly medical student can debunk it is less than a minute , how good can it really be ?
1. Harlow T , Greaves C , White A , et al .
Randomised controlled trial of magnetic bracelets for relieving pain in osteoarthritis of the hip and knee .
BMJ 2004 ; 329:1450-1454
2. Vallbona C , Hazelwood CF , Jurida G. Response of pain to static magnetic fields in postpolio patients : A double - blind pilot study .
Archives of Physical and Rehabilitative Medicine 1997 ; 78:1200 -1203 .
3. Winemiller MH and others .
Effect of magnetic vs sham - magnetic insoles on plantar heel pain : a randomized controlled trial .
JAMA2003 ; 290:1474-1478 .
4. Pittler MH. Static magnets for reducing pain : systematic review and meta- analysis of randomized trials .
CMAJ 2007 ; 177(7 ) : 736-42 .
5. Cepeda MS , Carr DB , Sarquis T , et al .
Static magnetic therapy does not decrease pain or opioid requirements : a randomized double blind trial .
Anesth Analg 2007 ; 104 . 290-294 .
6. Barrett S. Magnet therapy : a skeptical view .
Accessed March 15 , 2010 .
Available at http://www.quackwatch.org/04ConsumerEducation/QA/magnet.htm
23:50 10 Dec 19
Christoph is a diligent , dedicated worker .
He is meticulous in his planning and pays great attention to detail .
...
Sometimes the very success of what a company strives for is in the details ...
He is very focused and has that rare quality of being consistent and persistent throughout any project no matter how long or challenging .
Christoph is an expert in the SEO field and this is a rare quality these days only achieved by a number of years of real dedication comparable to only the finest vintage of maturing Red wines .
It has always been a pleasure to discuss , debate and plan marketing and SEO campaigns with Christoph .
His thought provoking ideas and insight as an external voice have always been a major factor in our ongoing success , though he never worked in these 12 years as our service provider which is especially strange considering our close collaboration .
I have no hesitation in recommending Christoph Gold and his company Internetguides to any future projects , individual people and all companies of varying sizes .
Martin JeszkeDirector of Digi-Tel Communications ( Europe ) read more
Food trucks are n’t a new thing to Eric Rivera .
But when the native Angeleno heard of a new mobile food court opening downtown , he drove all the way from Downey to try it out .
“ I ’ll be back , ” Rivera , 41 , said after feasting on a pulled - pork taco .
His dining room was a 30 - foot table with plastic chairs set up near four food trucks parked in front of the loading docks off Traction Avenue and South Alameda Street .
Portable food courts are the latest trend in the Twitter - fueled gourmet food truck craze , eliminating the need for the typical cat - and - mouse chases around town .
Thursday ’s event was a test run that vendors hope will address concerns about the vehicles , such as parking , littering and confrontations with restaurant owners , many of whom feel the trucks steal away potential customers .
“ We do n’t want to make waves , ” said Matt Geller , vice president of the SoCal Mobile Food Vendor ’s Assn .
“ We ’re trying to keep things on an even keel . ”
Geller , who organized the downtown event and is planning future mobile food courts , said he hopes to find property that ’s not too close to restaurants .
In August , food truck vendors were told to leave the Miracle Mile along Wilshire Boulevard .
In January , vendors set up shop on a former used - car lot in Santa Monica , but the operation was shut down after one day because of zoning issues .
The city is evaluating the merits of allowing food truck vendors to set up shop on a piece of property , said Eileen Fogarty , director of planning and community development for the city of Santa Monica .
Los Angeles City Councilman Tom LaBonge , who represents the Miracle Mile area , said that if the trucks continue to proliferate , it could be bad for neighborhood ambience .
If regulations are n’t put into place , too many food trucks could crowd streets and lead to shuttered restaurants .
Daniel Conway , a spokesman for the California Restaurant Assn. , said restaurateurs are concerned that customers have a positive experience when purchasing from a mobile vendor .
“ We just want to ensure that people know what they ’re getting and they are safe and comfortable and happy and enjoy their experience , ” Conway said .
“ We need to have a level playing field for all the folks who are in the business . ”
Alex Rocha , general manager of Spitz in Little Tokyo -- not far from Thursday ’s mobile food court -- was n’t concerned by the experiment .
“ I feel kind of like the food truck thing has been overdone , ” he said .
The vehicles might take some of his business , but they do n’t offer the ambience of a restaurant , Rocha said .
“ You can go to a restaurant , sit down , get out of your head for a second and go back to work , ” he said .
The concept , though , appears to be catching on .
Another lot is planned near the Beverly Center , and truck vendors are expected to assemble during the monthly Downtown Art Walk to ease congestion , Geller said .
Dave Reiss , owner of The Brig , a bar in Venice ’s Abbott Kinney district , started letting multiple food trucks use his parking lot in the fall of 2008 .
To Reiss , having trucks in the lot is almost like a built - in restaurant .
“ It almost is a modern food court , ” he said .
Molly Taylor , who sells everything from cookies to cupcakes from various L.A. bakers out of her Sweets Truck , said the lots are an added element in the success of the industry -- which , for her , is all about people .
“ It ’s definitely an opportunity for community , ” said Taylor , known on skid row as the “ sweet lady . ”
Back at the downtown mobile food court , four men in teal and blue scrubs munched on barbecue from a truck .
“ It ’s better for us , ” said David Stempel , a radiologist .
“ Competition breeds better business . ”
nicole.santacruz@latimes.com
If you have never had any interaction with homosexuals , we have an interesting journey for you where you have a chance to meet lesbian and gay couples and chat with them .
This will allow to get to know them much better in all ways – including a kinky side .
This is where live sex cams [… ]
Traditionally , Iran 's Islamic republic celebrates its birthday Feb. 11 with a massive rally , chants of " Death to America , " the burning of US flags , and even an effigy contest .
But as Iranians now brace for the 31st anniversary of the 1979 Islamic revolution , they know that eight months of pro-democracy protest and the regime 's violent reaction have transformed the relationship between rulers and ruled .
Analysts say that Iran 's legitimacy crisis has now come to a head , with both sides incapable of defeating or intimidating the other – a paralysis that could continue , or yield compromise .
Opposition leaders have signaled in recent weeks that they 're inching toward a face - saving way for Iran 's supreme religious leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , to compromise – in the interest of preserving Iran 's Islamic system of government .
" I do see both Iranian society and Iranian elite structures robust enough , creative enough , flexible enough , and competitive enough to have all the elements of a gradual process of give - and - take that will lead Iran in a different direction , " says Farideh Farhi , an Iran expert at the University of Hawaii .
Yet the damage has been severe to the pillars of a revolutionary regime that for decades has measured its strength by its popular support .
In recent months , that support has been challenged by Green Movement protesters , who have hijacked every key date – as they are likely to attempt again on Feb. 11 .
So far , Mr. Khamenei has taken an uncompromising line , calling Iranians who do not accept President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as the victor of the disputed June election guilty of the " greatest of crimes . "
Scores of protesters , and some pro-regime militiamen , have been killed , thousands arrested , and detainees subjected to torture and rape .
But that 's no longer a tenable position , say observers .
" The reality is that increasingly other people are seeing that if [ Khamenei ] does n't give an inch , then the whole regime will go , " says Abbas Milani , a specialist at Stanford University .
" So my sense is we are moving inexorably toward a transitional stage of compromise that will eventually lead to a much more democratic state . "
During the 30th - anniversary celebrations last year , Mr. Ahmadinejad declared Iran to be a " superpower , real and true . "
But the political crisis of the past year has hobbled the regime , dissipated its regional influence , and set Iranians against one another in ways not seen in decades .
A critical problem are radicals on both sides , especially those on the right who can't imagine any nod toward reformists , whom they consider " apostates " and who , in the rhetoric of some regime officials , should be condemned or even killed .
Among them are hard - line leaders of the increasingly powerful Revolutionary Guard ( IRGC ) , whose ideological Basij militia fought postelection street battles .
" Whoever finds compromise has to do something about the Revolutionary Guard , to defang them and send them back to their barracks , [ even if they ] keep some of their loot , " says Dr. Milani .
Top Guard commanders have boasted that their intervention in the election in favor of Ahmadinejad saved Iran from self - destruction at the hands of reformists , and that their expansion of power after the vote was a " new stage " of the revolution .
Yet even that force is subject to profound changes taking place in Iran .
" The IRGC command structure does n't work in a vacuum ; it works in the context of a society where the bulk of its own membership 12 years ago voted for [ former reformist President Mohammad ] Khatami , " says Milani .
" Continuing with their current path will compromise their chance of even getting to keep what they have already taken . "
The reformist camp is also a big tent , including many who want to reform but preserve the current Islamic system .
But an increasing number of protesters want a more dramatic change , even calling for the death of Khamenei .
Still , both sides are trying to control radicals and are even hinting at moves toward a new accommodation .
Defeated presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi ushered in the new year with a list of demands that included releasing prisoners and freeing up the press , but did n't call for Ahmadinejad 's removal .
In late January , another reformist leader , Mehdi Karroubi , called Ahmadinejad the " established " president – if not the legitimate one .
And prominent cleric Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , while standing by previous criticisms , signaled that only Khamenei could end the crisis .
Conservatives , too , in December engaged in tepid " debates " on state TV that aired some criticism of Ahmadinejad .
" Everyone is giving [ Khamenei ] an opportunity to separate himself a little bit from Ahmadinejad , " says Ms. Farhi .
They are telling him , " Redirect the ship you are captaining ....
You do n't have to move very fast ... but give us a hint that a different direction is happening . "
But Khamenei , who has drawn lessons from the fall of the shah and his Pahlavi dynasty , is likely to resist compromising .
" From the shah , Khamenei has learned that if you give an inch , they 'll take it all .
And he keeps saying : ' I 'm not the shah , ' " says Milani .
" But the real lesson from the shah was n't that he gave an inch in 1978 and he lost it .
The real lesson is that if he had given half an inch in 1975 , we might still be talking about the Pahlavis of Iran . "
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
HELSINKI ( Reuters ) - Norwegian browser company Opera Software said it would reveal a version of its Mini browser for Apple Inc ’s iPhone next week , offering faster download speeds .
An Apple iPhone is shown with the Beejive IM ( instant messaging ) software during " CES Unveiled , " a media preview event , at the 2010 International Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas , Nevada January 5 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Steve Marcus
Opera said the browser would offer consumers up to six times faster download speeds than Apple ’s own , and cut data traffic by up to 90 percent .
Massive data traffic from iPhone mobile phones has caused problems for many operators ’ networks .
Analysts said Apple could try to stop rivals from access to the iPhone so as to maintain control of its Internet browsing function , which has been a key behind the success of the smartphone .
“ This is a provocative move by Opera which will result in a tricky and high profile PR exercise for Apple should it decide not to allow Opera mini through the App Store , ” CCS Insight analyst Geoff Blaber said .
Opera said it saw no reason why its browser , the world ’s most widely used on cellphones , should be rejected .
“ We have not submitted it yet to the Apple App Store .
However , we hope that Apple will not deny their users a choice in Web browsing experience , ” said Jon von Tetzchner , co-founder of Opera .
In Europe Opera was the key driver behind the European Union ’s push to have Microsoft Corp open Windows to other browsers .
Roger Kay , president of Endpoint Technologies Associates , said there was little chance Apple would allow Opera browser to be installed on the iPhone .
“ Apple does n’t want Opera on the iPhone .
The company is n’t open and already offers its own browser , ” Kay said .
Rob Enderle , analyst at Enderle Group , said FCC ’s continuing review of Apple ’s anti-competitive practices -- after Google said it tried to stop access of Google Voice application -- was likely to help Opera .
“ They wo n’t like it but will likely allow the application through after a review period , ” he said .
Opera shares rose on the news and closed 0.5 percent higher at 19.80 crowns on Oslo bourse .
DJ Stoxx European technology shares index fell 0.5 percent .
An Apple spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Opinion
By Khalid Amayreh Journalist — Occupied Palestine
it is a moral obligation upon humanity to oppose Zionism and Israel with the same vigor and same determination the world demonstrated in the face of Nazism .
Whenever Israel ’s image suffers a setback , mainly because of its manifestly criminal treatment of the Palestinians , Israel invokes the holocaust .
Israel does not openly link the Nazi - like brutality meted out to the Palestinians to the holocaust .
However , the implied message in highlighting holocaust commemorations is inescapable .
The message is that what Germany did to European Jewry in the course of World War II justifies whatever Israel has done and is doing to the Palestinians .
In other words , the perpetration of one holocaust by Germany against Jews should allow Zionist Jews — Israel — to carry out another holocaust against the Palestinians .
These seem to be the unspoken words of Zionist leaders .
In the final analysis , their actions speak louder than their denials .
A few years ago , prior to the deadly Israeli onslaught against the Gaza Strip , Elie Wiesel argued that the world had no right to criticize Israel no matter what Israel did .
“ I support Israel , period .
I identify with Israel , period .
I never attack , I never criticize Israel , and the world has no right to criticize Israel . ”
While in Poland recently to mark the “ Holocaust Remembrance Day ” , Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu tried to blackmail humanity into supporting Israeli criminality against the Palestinian people and other peoples of the Middle East .
He claimed that the international community had an obligation to defend and protect Israel as if this nuclear - armed state , which also effectively controls the politics and policies of the only superpower in the world , the United States , were seriously under threat by foreign predators and needed immediate protection .
However , what Netanyahu and other Israeli leaders really wanted to say was that the world should turn a blind eye to the unmitigated brutality and repression to which the helpless Palestinians are constantly subjected by the Israeli army , the Wehrmacht of our time .
Israel ’s Wehrmacht
In short , Israel ’s ultimate goal behind the exaggerated and never - ending regurgitation of holocaust rituals is not really to remind humanity of the extent to which man can be cruel to his fellow man .
Rather , it is to obtain a license , or even a carte blanch , to torment and savage the Palestinians , destroy their homes , steal their land , and expel them to the four winds .
As victims of Jewish Nazism for over sixty years , we , the Palestinians , have no objection to remind the world of one of the greatest crimes committed by man against his fellow man .
The Nazis , after all , were enemies of humanity and their crimes are outstanding in the annals of history .
However , it should be perfectly clear that the Nazis were evil , not because their crimes targeted Jews , among other peoples .
Their actions were evil , because they were simply evil , and even if six million non-Jews had been killed instead of the six million Jews we are told were killed , the nefariousness of the Nazi crimes would not have been any lesser .
This means that anyone or any people behaving in Nazi - like manner should be compared to the Nazis .
In the final analysis , when Jews think , behave , and act like Nazis , as demonstrated in Gaza last year , they should not be spared the Nazi epithet no matter how long and how hard the Netanyahus , Wiesels , Liebermans , and Pipes of the world keep barking .
We are supposed to be living in a moral universe , and as such , none under the sun , “ chosen ” or otherwise , should be entitled to a special treatment based on ethnic or religious supremacy .
I understand why some Western countries , like Germany are reluctant to call the spade a spade when it comes to the Jewish terror .
However , as consistent recipients of Israeli criminality for decades , we Palestinians should not hesitate to compare what Zionist Jews are doing to us with whatever the Aryan Nazis did in Europe during the World War II .
If the world , especially the West , raises its eyebrows in disgust or disbelief , we must ignore its reactions with the contempt they deserve .
Instead , we should challenge them to come and visit Gaza and the West Bank and see for themselves .
This is of course if they dare to face the brutal ugliness of their misbegotten brat .
The issue goes far beyond the size and magnitude of violence and terror here and there .
After all , we do not claim that what Israel is doing to the Palestinians is a carbon copy of what the Third Reich did during that World War II in which more than 50 million people were killed .
However , there are shocking similarities between what happened then and what is happening now .
Take , for example , the recurrent pogroms carried out by the para- military Jewish terrorists , otherwise known as settlers , against helpless and unprotected Palestinians in the West Bank .
These thugs carry out all sorts of lynching and assaults on unarmed civilians , including elderly Palestinians , nearly on a daily basis and often in the full view of the Israeli army .
The Israeli society watches these crimes rather passively as if what is happening were perfectly acceptable .
The Judo - Nazi Thugs
Now , what is the difference between this and what the Hitler Youth Movement and other Nazi thugs were doing against Jews in the mid and late 1930s which eventually culminated in the Kristallnacht in November , 1938 ?
A few days ago , David Grossman , a noted Israeli writer and intellectual , spoke about the callousness with which the Israeli Jewish society is treating with settler terror and violence against the Palestinians .
“ Sometimes , ” he said “ it is not possible to sit and be silent .
Settlers and the political right aided by the government , the legal system , and economic powers abuse the Palestinians in 1,001 different ways . ”
In addition , one could note the manifestly criminal act of taking over people ’s homes , land , farms , and vineyards in the name of Jewish nationalism .
Is this much different from the Nazi concept of lebensraum ?
Germans argued that they needed a breathing space ; and the Jews are arguing that “ well , Jews have got to live somewhere . ” !
When the Judo - Nazi thugs run out of arguments , they simply claim that “ Jews are sons of kings , and non-Jews are animals . ”
Israel has no right to use the memory of those who perished during the holocaust to justify decidedly criminal acts that differ little in substance from what the Nazis did .
Yes , the magnitude is different , but the substance , the mentality , the maliciousness , and nefariousness are the same .
It is true that Palestinians are not being gassed in ovens .
However , they are being systematically killed by other means and incinerated by White Phosphorus , as was the case in Gaza last year .
More to the point , we should always remember that the holocaust itself did not really start with Auschwitz and Bergen Belsen and other death camps , for in fact these were ultimate “ effects ” rather than “ causes . ”
The real causes had materialized much earlier with the malignant metastasizing of Aryan racism , the kind of which the world is now witnessing permeating throughout Israel .
Now , it is not unusual to see an Israeli settler murders an innocent Palestinian and then claims proudly that “ I felt I was slaughtering an animal not a human being . ” !
Furthermore , happy - go - lucky rabbis gleefully issue religious edicts permitting the cold - blooded killing of all non-Jews , including babies , on the ground that these babies might pose a threat to Jews when they grow up !
I do not know if 90 percent of Germans supported the holocaust .
Yet , I do know that up to 90 percent of Israeli Jews have supported the atrocities in Gaza last year when the Israeli army and its air force were raining death on unprotected civilians , killing , maiming , and incinerating thousands of innocent people .
Likewise , I do not know why most Jews feel no shame when their “ soldiers ” create fire storms over Gaza , causing the death of multitudes of innocent people .
Do they feel empowered ?
Virile ?
Or perhaps feel they are vicariously avenging the holocaust 65 years later ?
Well , Israeli soldiers who murder innocent civilians knowingly and deliberately are not really soldiers .
They are thugs , hoodlums , and common criminals that ought to stand trial for their evil deeds .
They are no different from the German ( and non-German ) soldiers who committed crimes against humanity during the World War II .
The Israeli hasbara establishment , the most important organ in the Israeli government , wrongly thinks that all these scandalous crimes can be whitewashed through PR action , such as throwing the holocaust in the face of the world or highlighting a propagandistic act , such as the recent rescue mission that Israel dispatched to Haiti .
Nevertheless , as Gideon Levy , a prescient Israeli journalist , argues , no amount of PR lies or speeches will be able to extinguish the flames of shame created by Israel ’s criminal campaign against a thoroughly starved and thoroughly beleaguered people .
“ It will not help much , ” argued Levy .
“ International Holocaust Remembrance Day has passed , the speeches will soon be forgotten , and the depressing every - day reality will remain , and Israel will not come out looking good , even after the PR campaign . ”
He is right .
An irredeemable child killer is undoubtedly an irredeemable child killer , and it does not get himself rehabilitated if he helps an old lady mowing her lawn as he returns home from one of his murderous crimes .
Night Without End
Today in every junior high school in America , students read Anne Frank , while in every high school Elie Wiesel ’s “ Night ” is requisite reading .
Wiesel is the man who says brazenly that he identifies with Israeli crimes and barbarianism and that he could not bring himself to say bad things about Israel .
The victims of the first Kristallnacht enjoy the world ’s approbation and sympathy , while at the same time having succeeded in demonizing an entire people , for whom Kristallnacht still remains a night without end .
However , unlike the German national socialists , Jewish national socialists are falsifying history and reality to justify their crimes against humanity .
The holocaust narrative , which has been elevated to the status of a religion , allows Yad Vashem , the Holocaust museum in Jerusalem , to invoke the mantra of “ never again ” while it sits on Arab lands stolen from Ein Karem , and overlooking the unmarked graves of the Palestinians massacred by Judeo - Nazi terrorists at Dir Yasin .
The same holocaust industry allows Israel to build a “ museum of tolerance ” right on top of the Mamanullah cemetery where thousands of Muslims are buried .
You see , there is no limit to the brutal ugliness of the Zionist mentality .
It is really sad that most Jews are now finding themselves in the shoes of their former oppressors , knowingly and consciously .
On August 23 , 1947 , nearly one year before Israel ’s birth , Harry Truman wrote the following to Eleanor Roosevelt , apparently in the wake of another Zionist atrocity in Palestine :
“ I fear very much that the Jews are like all underdogs .
When they get on the top they are just as intolerant and cruel as the people were to them when they were underneath .
I regret this situation very much because my sympathy has always been on their side . ”
In light of Israel ’s Nazi - like behavior in occupied Palestine , it is really hard to view Truman ’s prophetic words with indifference .
In fact , it is a moral obligation upon humanity to oppose Zionism and Israel with the same vigor and same determination the world demonstrated in the face of Nazism .
Written FOR
Not Enough Muchness
By Dustin Rowles | Film | March 6 , 2010 |
Thematically , Alice in Wonderland is an ideal adaptation for Tim Burton .
It allows him to continue his career - long obsession with exploring the squishiness between fact and fiction , imagination and reality .
The problem with Alice , and the problem that has plagued so many of the director ’s films lately , is that — unlike Beetlejuice or Edward Scissorhand — it ’s not the imagination of Tim Burton .
It ’s a recreation of someone else ’s imagination .
As far as recreations go , you could hardly ask for more than what Burton brings : Alice in Wonderland is Lewis Carroll ’s mind come to life .
There are a few Burton gothic flourishes , obviously , but this is Carroll ’s Wonderland , only a little more grotesque and a little less surreal .
It ’s magnificent to look at .
It is all those storybook illustrations come to demented life and given the perfect voices .
It ’s a marvel to gaze upon , and though it ’s obviously not on the scale of Avatar , the distinctive lush colors and eye - dazzling visuals are more fun to inhabit , all the more because you feel at home with the characters , even if there is a certain detached familiarity .
But , Burton ’s Alice in Wonderland is very much akin to visiting the Mayflower that ’s now docked in Boston .
For $ 15 a piece , you and your family can walk around a boat that looks every bit like the ship that carried 130 some - odd Pilgrims from England to Massachusetts back in the 17th century .
But no matter how faithful it is to the original , and despite the fact that no detail is spared , it ’s hard to get over the feeling that you ’re walking around in a replica .
It does n’t evoke any of that wonder ; you get no sense of the hardship or the disease that those English Separatist felts on their 66 - day journey .
It ’s a giant elaborate money - making toy : Cool to look at , but it ’s got no soul .
That ’s Tim Burton ’s Alice in Wonderland : Pretty on the outside , but soulless on the inside .
Like Ann Coulter , if Anne Coulter was pretty on the outside .
In this sequel to Caroll ’s fairy tale , a 19 - year - old Alice ( Mia Wasikowska ) — who has just been proposed to by a man she does n’t love , and who was arranged by her family to be her husband — spots a rabbit in the bushes and takes after it before she can offer an answer to the proposal .
The rabbit , of course , leads her down the hole , returning her to a Wonderland that she ’s all but forgotten — it ’s less a distant memory , and more an ever - present dream that she ’d never allowed herself to believe in the interim .
There , after some growing and shrinking difficulties , she ’s greeted by the Tweedles — Dee and Dum — and her identity as the “ real ” Alice is immediately questioned .
The Blue Caterpillar ( Alan Rickman ) also shows her an oracle , which reveals that she is to face off against the Jabberwocky to save the Wonderland Kingdom from the Red Queen ( Helena Bonham Carter ) and return it to its rightful owner , The White Queen ( Anne Hathaway ) .
In a state of disbelief , Alice wonders around until she finds the Mad Hatter ( Johnny Depp ) , still awaiting her arrival at a tea party , and still frog - shit crazy .
This time around , the Hatter figures heavily into the storyline — he is kidnapped by the Red Queen and her loyal henchman , Stayne ( Crispin Glover ) .
Alice decides to embark on a mission to work her way into the evil Red Queen ’s kingdom , rescue the Hatter , steal an enchanted sword , and reluctantly fulfill her destiny , all the while wondering when she ’ll awake from her Wonderland dream .
There ’s no arguing with the splendid and fantastical world that Burton has created — it ’s hard to imagine anyone other than Burton doing justice to Wonderland .
It ’s a well - cast movie , too — Mia Wasikowska has the feel of a young Clare Danes ; Burton may overuse his wife , Bonham - Carter , but she ’s excellent in this role , over - sized head and all ; Hathaway does a fine job as the nice queen with something of a bitchy backbite ; and Johnny Depp is good as the Hatter , though his character is not too far removed from Jack Sparrow in a different outfit .
I ’d have liked to seen the Hatter a little less restrained and more unhinged — Micheal Keaton , in his prime , would ’ve served the character better .
He might have also been a little too intense for what is supposed to a family movie .
But it ’s hard to get over the notion that Burton ’s Alice in Wonderland is less a re-imagining than a very faithful cover song .
The lyrics have changed quite dramatically , of course , but in “ American Idol ” parlance , Burton does n’t make it his own .
He ’s borrowing someone else ’s ideas and recreating them .
Consequently , Alice feels detached in a way that a concept would if the person executing it did n’t have a sense of ownership over it .
It ’s fabulous to look at , but there ’s not a lot of joy in watching it .
Alice is less frabjous , and more just frab .
Dustin Rowles is the publisher of Pajiba .
He is forced to run obnoxious ads in order to remain so .
If you would like to point out a spelling , factual , or grammatical error , please have the courtesy to email him .
Otherwise , comments are very welcome below .
Dustin is the founder and co-owner of Pajiba .
You may email him here , follow him on Twitter , or listen to his weekly TV podcast , Podjiba .
SURPRISE , Ariz . --
Texas Rangers manager Ron Washington apologized Wednesday for using cocaine during the 2009 season and will voluntarily submit to additional testing by Major League Baseball in the future .
Washington told the club he used cocaine and offered to resign as soon as he was randomly selected for a drug test by MLB .
Club president Nolan Ryan , general manager Jon Daniels and other officials decided not to accept the offer after they were convinced that Washington had used cocaine just once .
" I apologize for a huge mistake I made , " Washington said in a prepared statement at a news conference Wednesday .
" I 'm not here to make excuses .
I 'm not here for sympathy .
That would be asking too much .
I 'm truly sorry for my careless , dangerous and , frankly , stupid behavior last year . "
Washington immediately entered into MLB 's drug program , which included testing three times a week .
He completed that program a few weeks ago , but said he will ask the league to continue to test him in the future .
" I was in total shock .
Then I was mad , " Ryan said of his initial reaction to Washington 's positive test during a chat Wednesday with ESPNDallas.com .
" Then I was very disappointed .
I went through an array of emotions . "
Ryan said the club discussed accepting Washington 's resignation but after " a lot of soul - searching " decided to allow him to remain as manager .
The team had picked up Washington 's option for 2010 before he used cocaine and tested positive .
" We think of him as part of our family , " Ryan said .
" Just because somebody in your family makes a mistake does n't mean you quit loving them .
We 'll move forward . "
Added Ryan during his ESPNDallas.com chat : " He 's going to be judged on the season and how a team plays for him and our evaluation of the job he does . "
Washington , entering his fourth season as manager of the Rangers , informed his team in a meeting Wednesday morning .
Most of the players were in attendance at the news conference .
So was his wife , Gerry .
" I did n't have much to say , other than the fact that I was sorry for what happened , " Washington said .
" I hope they will allow me to continue to lead them .
They embraced it .
And if you look around the room , you 'll see the support they have for me because they know the support I have for them . "
Washington said he used cocaine only once during the season .
When asked if that was the only time he used illegal drugs , Washington said , " The drug we 're talking about , yes . "
Daniels and Ryan said the club is satisfied Washington has been honest with them .
" We felt like he was sincere and forthright , " Ryan said .
" With the way he has responded , we truly believe this was a one - time incident that he just used bad judgment on . "
After talking with MenTaLguY on IRC about adding some concurrent
collections to JRuby , we came up with a new feature for people to try
out :
require ‘ jruby / synchronized ’
class MyClass
include JRuby :: Synchronized
…
or
obj.extend JRuby :: Synchronized
the effect of including or extending this new module is that all
method calls against that class ’s object ( or against that
now - singleton object ) will act like they ’re wrapped in a Java
synchronized block .
No two threads will be able to execute methods
against those objects at the same time ( on a per- object basis ,
obviously ) .
This is definitely blunt tool for threadsafety , and using it
willy - nilly can easily lead to deadlocks ( like if you have two
interdependent data structures that are both Synchronized and call
each other ) .
But used appropriately , it provides a pretty simple
( brute - force ) way to make a given object or class thread - safe® .
Getting a synchronized collection is now as simple as
foo = {}
foo.extend JRuby :: Synchronized
Or perhaps better :
class SyncHash < Hash
include JRuby :: Synchronized
end
Keep in mind that all methods are synchronized , including reads and
methods unrelated to the internal state of the object .
In general , the
JVM does a good job of making locks cheap , so I think this is wholly
acceptable for the utility you get .
Comments , suggestions , questions welcome .
Charlie
To unsubscribe from this list , please visit :
Remember Frosty the Fire - Breathing Snowman ?
This is Sparky the Snow - Melting Dragon .
He was built by Nick and Anna — the folks who made Frosty — and he 's helping them deal with a snow - filled driveway .
Advertisement
Note that I do n't know what these fire - breathing beasts ' real names are , but I think Frosty and Sparky seem fitting .
[ Thanks , Nick and Anna ! ]
In the days immediately after the special Massachusetts election , which gave Senate Republicans the ability to block votes on legislation , the prospects for reform looked so bleak that one reliable source emailed me a one - word message : “ Dead . ”
But within 24 hours , that same source had emailed me another one - word message : “ Alive . ”
And that ’s a pretty good description of where things stand today , at least based on what I 've gleaned from conversations with insiders over the last week .
According to these sources , Democrats have made progress -- more progress , certainly , than might be evident from all the dire headlines of the past few days .
There seems to be a plan in place for enacting reform , even with the Massachusetts setback .
But it ’s not an easy plan to execute , at least in this political environment .
And it ’s not clear -- to me and to many of the people I ’ve interviewed -- whether Democrats in the House , Senate , and administration are sufficiently committed to making it work .
Please confirm your Zip Code *
An accurate Zip Code ensures your appointment is set with the correct local marketing consultant .
Firm Size * Select Solo Law Firm Law Firm ( 2 - 3 attorneys ) Law Firm ( 4 - 6 attorneys ) Law Firm ( 7 - 10 attorneys ) Law Firm ( 11 - 20 attorneys ) Law Firm ( 21 - 29 attorneys ) Law Firm ( 30 - 79 attorneys ) Law Firm ( 80 - 179 attorneys ) Law Firm ( 180 or more attorneys )
Other
Confirm
Stray Hydrogen Atoms Become Deadly for Starships Traveling At Light Speed
You guys put up shields , right ?
UPDATE : We ’ve reached our objective .
Thank you everybody !
More info here .
Dearest LibriVox listeners , volunteers , & supporters :
For four - and - a- half years , LibriVox volunteers have been making audiobooks for the world to enjoy , and giving them away for free .
We ’ve made thousands of free audiobooks that have been downloaded by millions of people ; our site gets 400,000 visitors every month .
To date , all our costs have been borne by a few individuals , with some generous donations from partners .
However , these costs have become too big .
See below to FIND OUT HOW TO DONATE ( Or , keep reading ! ) .
LibriVox needs your help .
We ’re asking for donations for the following :
to cover hosting costs for our website ( about $ 5,000 / year ) * , which includes : the site you are reading now ; the forum ; the wiki ; the catalog ; a whole lot of back - end software to host and process audio before it goes to the Internet Archive but does NOT include hosting audio files which is done by Archive.org
to redesign the site and improve its accessibility
to make the LibriVox catalog easier for listeners to use
to make the management software easier for admins to use
We expect this fund - raising drive to sustain us for three years at least .
Your donation will support the work of our volunteers .
Our fundraising goal is $ 20,000 .
After we reach it , we ’ll shut down our fundraising campaign .
And we hope we can make it another 4.5 years without having to bother you again !
Visit the Internet Archive donation page ( the Internet Archive , a registered US charity and friend of LibriVox , is managing our fundraising campaign )
Select a donation method ** ( Justgive.org , Paypal , or Check )
Be sure to write : “ Donation for LibriVox ” along with your donation ( otherwise we wo n’t get the donation ! )
Do n’t forget to write : “ Donation for LibriVox ” along with your donation !
* NOTE : From our great sysadmin Dan , regarding server costs :
For a variety of reasons , we require a full dedicated server , or at least a very high - end VM with several hundred GB of storage .
Though we do n’t host the files for end - user download , we do provide an uploading service which book contributors use to share individual chapters and other similar things .
Combine that with lots of wordpress / phpBB modifications , and pretty high wordpress / phpBB traffic , and we fill up a server pretty fast .
In short : Hundreds of GB storage + ~ 1800 gigabytes Internet transfer per month + heavy MySQL usage adds up to a pretty expensive server or high - end VM .
Note that none of this includes projected growth , we will need more resources soon , and that ’s also a factor in the dollar amount Hugh mentioned .
I ’d also like to point out that the figure does not cover sysadmin support .
I work for free .
And my job is a lot harder when I have to deal with an intermediary sysadmin , which some hosting companies force upon you .
Where we are right now , I myself am root .
** NOTE : From the Internet Archive ( who is kindly administering this campaign for us ) :
Please reassure your donors that we do not sell our mailing list nor send unsolicited mail out .
IHS Jane’s
Jane’s
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Yaakov Katz
contributed to this report
Iran is building a new rocket launch site with North Korean assistance , Israel Radio quotedas reporting overnight Friday .
The new launcher , constructed near an existing rocket base in the Semnan province east of Teheran , is visible in satellite imagery , according to the report .
The defense intelligence group said the appearance of the launcher suggests assistance from North Korea , and that it may be intended to launch the Simorgh , a long - range Iranian - made missile unveiled in early February and officially intended to be used as a space - launch vehicle ( SLV ) .
SLV ’s can be converted to be used as long - range ballistic missiles for military purposes .
Both the missile and the launch pad , which according tois large enough to accommodate it , point to cooperation from Pyongyang .
Tal Inbar , head of the Space Research Center at the Fisher Institute for Air and Space Strategic Studies , said shortly after the unveiling of the Simorgh that the rocket is a worrisome development since the missile could one day be adapted into an ICBM , capable of carrying a nuclear warhead .
After analyzing images of the missile , Inbar said that it appeared to currently be powered by liquid fuel , but could one day be configured to work with a solid fuel propellant , a technology that the Iranians have already begun using in their Sajil ballistic missile , which has a range of around 2,500 km .
" This is a major technological breakthrough and could mean that the Iranians are on their way to obtaining an ICBM , " he said .
Israel and other Western countries suspect that Iran is trying to buildnuclear weapons .
Iran insists its nuclear program is peaceful .
In August 2009 , President Shimon Peres told his Russian counterpartDmitry Medvedev during a visit to Moscow “ The fact that Iran isinvesting billions of dollars in the development of long - rangemissiles , in parallel to its nuclear project , is clear indication ofits intent .
” The president said there would be no point for any country to developmissiles capable of reaching targets so far and then loading them withconventional warheads .
Evoking Holocaust imagery during the meetingwith Medvedev , Peres likened an Iranian nuclear bomb to a “ flying deathcamp . ”
Katheryn Rivas
1. Not Even Past : Conversations on American History
University of Pennsylvania , Open Learning Commons
Course description :
This course was inspired by the many published faculty members of the University of Pennsylvania ’s History Department .
Each week , history professors discussed their books with students , faculty , and online participants .
Some samples of lecture topics include the making of the U.S. Constitution , the political and cultural integration of free slaves after the American Civil War , and the history of cleanliness in America .
2. Introduction to Copyright Law
Massachusetts Institute of Technology , MIT OpenCourseWare
Course Description :
Offered through the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department , this course covers the basics of copyright law , with an emphasis on American law .
The focus of this course is on copyright law in terms of the internet and other nascent technological issues , like Napster , Grokster , and Peer - to - Peer file - sharing ; Library Access to Music Project ; The 1998 Digital Millennium Copyright Act ; DVDs and encryption ; software licensing ; the GNU General Public License and free software .
3. Global Population Growth
Yale University , Open Yale Courses
Course Description :
This course focuses on the different reasons behind global population growth , covering topics like human fertility , demographic transition , and population policy .
The course highlights the cultural and economic variables in environmental population capacity .
4. Math and Probability for Life Sciences
UCLA , Office of Instructional Development
Course Description :
This course is designed for life sciences students who would like to learn more about elementary probability , random variables , limit theorems , and probability distributions .
5. Technology Entrepreneurship
Stanford University , Stanford Technology Ventures Program
Course Description :
This course is designed for budding entrepreneurs who wish to explore how technology can impact businesses .
Topics for this course cover Silicon Valley , startup teams , and venture finance .
6. Media , Education , and the Marketplace
Massachusetts Institute of Technology , MIT OpenCourseWare
Course Description :
This course explores the changing nature of the media in the marketplace .
Through a series of guest lecturers held by prominent members of the media , the course examines the technical , social , and business aspects of new media and learning .
7. Frontiers and Controversies in Astrophysics
Yale University , Open Yale Courses
Course Description :
This course looks into issues that are on the leading edge of astrophysics and that will see dramatic changes and controversies over the next few years .
Topics will explore Extra -Solar Planets , Black Holes , and Dark Energy .
8. Conceptual Foundations of International Politics
Columbia University , Columbia University Coursework
Course Description :
This course explores the various theories , concepts , and analytical tools employed in order to understand international politics .
Topics include international political economy ; states , regimes , and rights ; war and peace ; and culture and identities .
Course materials are drawn from different disciplines like comparative politics , international relations , political sociology , and economics .
9. Justice : What ’s the Right Thing to Do ?
Harvard University , Justice with Michael Sandel
Course Description :
One of Harvard University ’s most popular in - class courses , Dr. Michael Sandel ’s “ Justice ” course is now available online on his personal website in recorded video lectures .
The course covers a wide breadth of topic in ethics , like murder , cannibalism , gun ownership , and reproductive rights .
Immanuel Kant , Jeremy Bentham , and John Locke are some of the philosophers covered in this controversial course .
10 . Blue Planet : Introduction to Oceanography
UCLA , Office of Instructional Development
Course Description :
This course is a general overview of topics covered in oceanography .
In the lectures , Dr. Edwin Schauble explores the different chemical , biological , physical , and geological processes at work in the Earth ’s oceans .
This is the first guest - post on this blog .
It was contributed by , who writes on the topics of online universities .
She welcomes your comments at her email : katherynrivas87@gmail.com
She writes : Open education is making huge strides forward in the past few years .
The following is a list of popular video courses and lectures on various topics available for free from established American universities .
If you also wish to write guest posts for my blog , let me know .
I 'll be happy to accept it !
My email can be found on my Blogger profile
See the right sidebar for a lot more lectures in various sciences .
See you in the next blog post !
PS . If you wish to guest post on this blog , let me know
This is Shironeko .
You probably have seen him somewhere - the zen master cat .
Shironeko is perhaps the most content and relaxed cat on earth .
His name translates literally as " White Cat . "
Shironeko was born on March 8th 2002 , so that makes him an 8 - year - old boy .
He may look pudgy in the photos , but he only weighs about 9.9 lbs ( 4.5kg ) .
Shironeko looks like a Turkish van cat to me .
The most distinctive feature is his eyes .
They look like they are always sleepy .
Shironeko loves a relaxing day , napping in his basket or anywhere he finds comfortable .
He is one adorable kitty :) .
You can find more photos of Shironeko at his gallery or blog .
Trains , Elevators , and Computer Science
A possible method for making systems safe
George Westinghouse was not a theoretician , but was one of the great inventors of the 1800’s .
He is most famous , perhaps , for the invention of the train air - brake in 1869 .
More on this in a moment .
Today I plan on talking about generalizations of Westinghouse ’s ideas , and a role that they might play in computer science .
Train Brakes
The first trains were called Wagonways and were used in Germany as early as 1550 .
The power to move these trains was supplied by horses , until 1804 when Richard Trevithick , funded by Samuel Homfray , used a steam engine to haul 10 tons of iron and 70 men for 9 miles .
This was the beginning of modern trains .
Almost immediately a critical problem developed : how to stop a train ?
Stopping the engine alone was insufficient once trains became long and moved fast ; there was too much momentum for the engine , by itself , to stop a train .
The first method used was simple : have an operator assigned to each car — they would pull on a hand brake when signaled to do so by the engineer .
This quickly gave way to the direct air - brake system .
In this system when the engineer wished to stop the train , he opened a valve that sent compressed air to each car — the air forced a brake against the car ’s wheels .
The train then stopped .
Pretty neat .
Almost immediately another critical problem developed : how to stop a train reliably ?
The direct air - brakes worked well , when they worked .
But if the compressed air tank was empty , or the pressure was too low , or there was a leak in the lines , the brakes would fail .
Then the train would not stop .
This was a problem .
Westinghouse ’s genius was to solve this by inventing the reverse air - brake system .
His brilliant idea was to use compressed air to make the train go , not to stop the train .
Here is how his system worked .
Each car had brakes that were held against the car ’s wheels by a strong spring .
In this position the train could not move .
If the engineer wanted the train to move , he released compressed air that forced the brakes away from the wheels of all the cars .
This allowed the train to move .
This , I think , is extremely clever .
Notice if the compressed air tank was empty , or the pressure was too low , or there was a leak in the lines , the train would stop .
The brakes would not fail , since all the brakes will be forced against the wheels by the springs .
This system is still in use today .
I was once on an Amtrak train that was going from D.C. to Princeton when it just stopped in the middle of nowhere .
It was late at night and we all wanted to get home , so someone asked the conductor , as he walked by us , what had happened ?
He answered in technical jargon :
The choo - choo she no go .
We later found out the train had broken an air hose and all the brakes were pressed on .
We sat there for about an hour until they go a new hose and restored the integrity of the air system .
Elevators
Elevators are even older than trains , they may date back to ancient times .
Only in the middle of the 1800’s , as tall buildings became possible , did elevator safety become a critical issue .
As long as buildings were six stories or less , safety was not a major issue — although I would not want to be in an unsafe elevator even at this low height .
However , in order to build tall buildings , elevators needed to be not only be safe , but to appear to be safe .
Otherwise , people would be afraid to use them .
In 1853 Elisha Otis solved the safety problem of elevators .
He invented a mechanism that would stop a falling elevator , even if its supporting ropes broke .
The key was as long as the rope was taut the elevator ’s brake was kept in , but if the rope became slack then the brakes would be released and they would stop the fall .
Otis ’ brilliant insight was not an instant success .
He finally realized a live demonstration of the braking mechanism would be needed to get the public to feel safe .
During the first American world ’s fair in 1854 Otis built an open elevator shaft .
Several times a day he would get on the elevator , be hoisted up , and then cut the rope .
Since the shaft was open in front all the spectators could see him do this .
As the elevator began to fall , his mechanism would bring him to a safe , if sudden , stop .
He is reported to have said each time :
All safe , gentlemen , all safe .
This live demo to thousands eventually made his company a success , and made tall buildings possible .
The General Principle
I think there is a powerful principle in use in both the train and elevator safety systems .
They are both designed so that no positive action is required .
Instead the safety is built into the physics of the system :
In the train case : no air in the line , then springs stop the train .
In the elevator case : no rope holding the elevator up , then brakes spring out and stop the elevator from falling .
The key principle seems to be : do not rely on an action , but on the structure of the system .
Make the default , a passive state , a safe state so that when the system fails , it gets to the safe state by default .
I have always liked these systems , and have often wondered if we could use the same type of passive methods to build better computing systems .
Could we , for example , make a system that is safe from worm attacks and uses a passive system ?
Is there a formal model of passive vs active systems that we could use to reason about whether such systems are even possible ?
Open Problems
Is there any way to exploit the power of the passive methods used by Westinghouse and Otis to solve computer questions ?
UPDATES Worst Network Pilot Season For Women ?
My recent post asking whether this was the worst network pilot season for women writers and showrunners provoked a lot of controversy .
I asked Neely Swanson to expand for Deadline / Hollywood on her recent essay about it .
She is the former SVP of Development for David E. Kelley Productions , and presently is an adjunct professor at the USC School of Cinematic Arts in the writing division .
She teaches “ The Entertainment Industry Seminar . ”
Neely also writes a blog about big and small sceen writers at www.nomeanerplace.com.
I received several emails this past week pointing out the scarcity of women writers on the recent pilot pickups .
At a cursory glance it is easy to jump on the bandwagon decrying the lack of diversity among the “ creator ” ranks , not to mention showrunners and writing staffs , but this was a subject worth pursuing in a bit more depth .
Nikki
Finke sent a missile to the broadside of various network heads about what was being called “ the worst year in a decade for female writers and showrunners . ”
Based on announced pilot pickups and using Studio System and the Trades , I made a list of all the new pilots that had been ordered to production as of February 1 for the four major broadcast networks , as well as the credited writers , the production studio and the intended network .
Of the 66 pilots I documented , 13 pilots had at least one female writer as part of the “ created by ” team ; however , of those 66 pilots , only 7 of them were written entirely by women .
You can do the math yourself , but this works out to a high of 20 % involvement by women when writing alone and / or with men ; and just 11 % when written by women without male participation .
A closer look at the all the names will reveal one writer of Hispanic origin , three Asian - Americans and an entire absence of African American writers , .
The WGAW , as part of their diversity program , instituted a “ Writer Access Project ” to try to draw attention to underrepresented groups – considered to be “ minority writers and writers with disabilities ; women writers ; writers age 55 and over ; and gay and lesbian writers . ”
Their proactive response …a contest ?
Why is there no outcry ?
This is n’t a glass ceiling , it ’s a White Boys ’ Club brick wall .
Showrunners often staff their shows with friends they can trust , even if those friends are n’t the best writers available , and since the vast majority of showrunners are men , so are their friends , and therefore so are their staffs .
But who is it that ’s picking these pilots for production ?
Studio and network executives , of course .
And who are these studio and network executives ?
Who has the power ?
It might surprise you .
Network Chairmen are overwhelmingly male ; there are no women within those ranks .
Network and Studio Presidents , however , are almost evenly split with 4 men and 3 women .
As far as creative executives with a title of Vice President or above , the tale becomes more interesting and perplexing because the vast majority of these executives are women , 42 female creative execs compared to 28 male executives .
Is it possible that women are discriminating against women ?
An article in the June 24 , 2009 New York Times by Patricia Cohen entitled “ Rethinking Gender Bias in Theater ” may have pinpointed what is happening in television as well .
A research study had been conducted in an effort to find out whether women playwrights were under represented on stages across America and the answer was yes .
What was more interesting was why .
Women artistic directors and literary mangers , the people who chose the plays to present , discriminated against women playwrights .
Emily Glassberg Sands , a Princeton Economics student , “ conducted separate studies to analyze this problem .
One study considered the playwrights themselves .
Artistic directors of theater companies have maintained that no discrimination exists , rather that good scripts by women are in short supply . ”
This she discovered was true — there was a shortage of good scripts by women compared to the number by men .
There are twice as many male playwrights as female which accounts for some of the discrepancy .
This may also be the case in television as there are far more male writers than female ( usually for the reasons elaborated above ) .
In another study , Ms. Sands “ sent identical scripts to artistic directors and literary managers around the country .
The only difference was that half named a man as the writer ( for example , Michael Walker ) , while half named a woman ( i.e. , Mary Walker ) . ”
When female artistic directors and literary managers judged the scripts , Mary ’s scripts “ received significantly worse ratings in terms of quality , economic prospects and audience response than Michael’s . ”
When judged by male artistic directors and literary managers the scripts got equal ratings .
The question for television then becomes : are women fighting both the Boys ’ Club and prejudice within the ranks of those who do the choosing ?
The Princeton study certainly brings up more questions than answers .
But one thing is for sure .
Whether it ’s 11 % or 20 % something is clearly wrong and needs to be fixed .
Ladies in your office suites , are you listening ?
After posting this article on the Baseline Studio System blog site , I received several interesting comments , one of which was from a former showrunner who implied that women were receiving more than their fair share of staffing slots .
He went on to say , “ Here ’s the reality .
If you have 7 writing slots , there will be roughly 400 writers to read .
Of those 400 , only 50 will be women .
I know this sounds crazy … but there simply are LESS women applying for writing jobs than men .
Do some math on this .
Of the 7 slots available , at least 3 will be women .
In many cases , 4 , but we ’ll assume 3 .
That means there are 50 women applying for 3 positions and 350 men applying for 4 positions .
The chances of getting a writing job on staff as a woman are 6 % .
The chances of getting a writing job as a man are 1.1 % .
This is not me being sexist … this is simply math .
But consider the proportions .
The proportions of applicants for writing jobs are actually IN LINE with the proportions of people who are getting pilots picked up .
So I ask this … which practice is unfair ?
The one that favors women ?
Or the one that favors correct math in the applicant pool ? ”
Certainly judging by his numbers , women comprise only 8 % of the job pool , so therefore 12 % representation on pilots is more than fair and he should be hiring at most one woman to fill his available writing slots .
Somewhere there is a disconnect .
In analyzing the 06/07 season , I read 234 submissions from 219 writers of which 78 or 36 % were women ( part of a team or writing alone ) .
In using the above reasoning , 3 women ( 36 % of the pool ) would have been the right number to fill the 7 open slots .
Women fared worse in the 07/08 season but not as bad as the former showrunner would have us believe .
Of the 161 writers that I read that season , 40 were women , representing 25 % of the pool which would equate to 2 women eligible for the 7 slots .
Was he just unlucky in the submissions he received ?
Apparently so .
I think it ’s interesting to note that about 40 % of the students coming out of BFA and MFA programs in filmic writing at USC are women .
No one is asking anyone to “ favor ” women ; we are asking that they get a fair representation in the pool .
More interesting , however , was the comment from Julia Jordan who was involved in the original study cited by The New York Times .
She wrote : “ As the instigator of the Glassberg Sands study and having sat with it and Emily Sands for some time , I need to clarify .
Ms. Cohen ’s short article did not fully encompass the research and has led to some regrettable confusion .
In Emily G. Sands research there is a bit more information to analyze than presented here .
The respondents to the audit study rated the artistic quality of the scripts to be equal whether or not they believed them to be written by women .
Where the discrimination came in was when the respondents were asked questions about the discrimination of others .
They believed the scripts would be less successful out in the world , that top talent would have less interest in them , that they would earn less money and were less likely to be supported by others in the industry .
THEREFORE the scripts were deemed to be of lesser value .
The female respondents BELIEVE that work by women will be discriminated against and will therefore hurt their own economic standing and or that of their company and so do not promote or produce it in great numbers .
This comment began a conversation and I wrote back to her : “ In laying out my article the way that I did , I intended the facts to speak for themselves .
I hope I did n’t significantly distort your work because the premise you speak of is , I believe , in play in television as well .
First , I do n’t think that the women ( and as you noticed , female execs far out number men ) are consciously aware that they are discriminating and second , I believe the same thing is in play — that the women feel they will be more harshly judged for having favored a woman , or more importantly that they feel that the woman writer ’s work will not hold up as well and then the exec will be harshly judged .
To which Julia responded , “ I did n’t feel that you distorted it at all .
I ’m just taking every opportunity to clarify because people tend to jump to “ women beware women ” with very little provocation .
If we can get the pressure on to establish that the audiences do n’t have bias , which I believe will hold true across the board , then men and women may change their behavior , consciously .
It is so interesting to me the idea of an object ’s gender .
They have it in other languages obviously .
We do n’t think in those terms .
But writers creating dramatic stories do create human characters and therefore gender .
The audience does n’t know us from Adam , but they become emotionally involved ( hopefully ) with our characters and their gender is part of the relationship .
Theater has a long LONG history of major leading ladies .
It seems Hollywood is maybe now beginning to rediscover them and their emotional resonance with the audience and therefore their economic power .
I ’ve found that when women understand the study fully they are more receptive to the information , otherwise they recoil .
And the happy accident with men is that when they find that women are also biased against women they are more open as well .
We had a nice bump up in NY in our major theaters .
We went from 16 % of productions written by women last year to 40 % this year .
The publicity does help , immensely . ”
I mentioned this study and its possible correlation to women writers in television to a very good friend , a woman producer , who asked if I thought this was a case of “ women hating women . ”
I said that I did n’t really think so but that it was more likely an unconscious bias , one that could be ameliorated if it was brought to their attention .
It is truly amazing how quickly perceptions were changed or rather improved in the theater world .
Alas , I do n’t believe it will ever reach that stage of enlightenment in television , but I do believe they can be improved .
Julia believed “ the jump in productions was a response to the push for consciousness that we had in the press last year .
I do n’t believe it will hold unless we continue to keep them conscious , especially of the huge success the female written plays are having .
I have more hope for TV and film than you .
Out there you seem to have more of a bottom line mentality , and when there is a way to PROVE that you are delivering , women tend to do extremely well .
Granted tv and film are collaborative and the test you are taking is n’t you and you alone in a room , lack of resources support and talent obviously affect the results .
But …
We learn by observation .
It will be a rolling cumulative process .
A few more productions , a few more successes , a few more observe and invest in a few more women and on and on .
But it will take past our lifetimes without a big kick .
So , more publicity , more shame and more economic studies !
People read them and talk about them because they are interesting .
How the brain works is interesting .
How it chooses what is good and what is bad is largely independent of the object it is choosing or not …
What does n’t seem to work for us is what they like to call “ complaining . ”
We do n’t need to .
We can simply present the evidence . ”
Although nicely expressed , I felt her take was overly optimistic .
But , we ’ll see .
I can only hope that a dialog has been started and that enough people with the power to change the status quo are listening ( or reading ) .
Today our good friends over at Woot ! are selling the Leapfrog Didj , a low cost educational toy aimed at little kids .
Lucky for hackers out there , the Didj is actually a linux device , and gaining serial console access is as easy as soldering two wires .
The documentation out there is a little outdated , with a number of broken links and stale wikis , but $ 25 for a portable linux device is a hard deal to beat .
A list of sites which might be helpful are listed after the break , as well as the hardware specs of the Didj .
Let us know if you have played around with hacking the Didj before , and if you have any tips for other readers .
Do n’t forget to tell us what you do with the Didj as well !
Thanks to [ Mark ] for the tips and the hardware details .
( Possibly ) Useful links :
Hardware Specs :
* Processor : 393 MHz Arm 9
* Display : 320×240 resolution
* One 24 - bit 2D layer ( no hardware acceleration )
* One 16 - bit 3D layer
* One YUV video layer ( no hardware acceleration )
* Graphics : API OpenGL ES 1.1 –A reduced instruction set version of OpenGL for embedded systems
* Main RAM : 32 MB DDRI 131 MHz
* NAND Flash : 256MB for data storage / download content
* Media Cartridge : 64MB
* System Software : Brio–Firmware is built on an abstraction layer called Brio to make OS and hardware transparent to developers .
This means all software must be ported to Brio to run on this device .
* Screen LCD : 3.2 inches , 16.7 - Million Color TFT
If you were to say " programmatically send an email in . NET " to a .NET programmer , he 'd almost immediately reply " SmtpMail class in System .
Web.
Mail . "
A less experienced .NET programmer might take a moment to search the documentation , and then reply " SmtpMail class in System .
Web.
Mail . "
Someone with absolutely no .NET programming experience would take a few minutes on Google , and then reply " SmtpMail class in System .
Web. Mail . "
When Maxim Rouiller 's predecessor ( the company 's former . NET whiz ) was presented with the requirement to " programmatically send an email in . NET , " he used a slightly different approach .
With the change log and source control history , Maxim was able to reconstruct the trials and tribulations he must have gone through to finally master this requirement .
2004-12-02 13:29 --
Check in code that does the following : Programmatically execute outlook .exe and wait five seconds for it to load up .
With the outlook process in the foreground , send the following keystroke combination to outlook : {ctrl+n} , theUser@theDoma.com , {tab} , {tab} , Some Subject Line , {tab} , The Message Body , {ctrl+enter} .
Close the outlook process .
2004-12-02 14:07 --
Deploy to the server and learn that it does n't work so well .
Go back to the drawing board .
2004-12-03 11:18 --
Check - in a custom email class that wraps around the CDONTS library .
2004-12-03 12:39 --
Deploy to the server and learn that , because it is Windows 2003 , it does not have CDONTS installed .
Go back to the drawing board 2004 - 12-06 13:36 -- Check - in another custom email class that interops the Microsoft Outlook automation objects .
2004-12-06 13:51 --
Deploy to the server and learn that Outlook has an anti-hijacking feature that requires the user to click " Yes " to send an email .
Learn that , as a web application , the web user is not presented with a dialog window that pops -up on the server .
2004-12-07 07:18 --
Check - in an attempt to automatically click yes .
2004-12-07 09:03 --
Check - in another attempt to automatically click yes .
2004-12-07 10:28 --
Check - in yet another attempt to automatically click yes .
2004-12-07 16:22 --
Install , on the server , a newly purchased program called ClickYes that automatically clicks " Yes " to those dialogs .
Maxim took it upon himself to improve this process .
After a few minutes , he had checked in a new approach : the SmtpMail class in System .
Web .
Mail .
