Researchers at UT Southwestern Medical Center have determined that starvation blocks the effects of growth hormone via a mechanism that may have implications in treating diabetes and extending life span .
Using genetically altered mice , the researchers found that during fasting , the actions of growth hormone are blocked by a fat - burning hormone called FGF21 .
Growth hormone has many functions in the growth and reproduction of cells , such as controlling the length of developing arm and leg bones in children .
" It 's been well - established that growth is blunted during starvation .
But our work shows that this is not just from running out of energy .
It 's much more sophisticated than that , " said Dr. Steven Kliewer , professor of molecular biology and senior author of a study available online and appearing in today 's issue of the journal Cell Metabolism .
Growth hormone has several other functions , however , even in adults .
It promotes the breakdown of fats , stimulates creation of protein and increases levels of IGF - 1 ( insulin - like growth factor - 1 ) , a hormone that promotes growth .
Too much growth hormone can cause insulin resistance , resulting in diabetes , and lead to other disorders .
In the current study , mice that were genetically altered to produce excess FGF21 grew to be much smaller than ordinary mice , even though they ate more and had more fat in proportion to their size .
Paradoxically , and to the researchers ' surprise , the altered , smaller mice produced much greater amounts of growth hormone than normal .
Why did n't the altered mice grow larger than normal in response ?
The researchers found that FGF21 does not block the production of growth hormone ; rather , it works to prevent growth hormone from activating the genes it normally controls .
Interfering with the actions of growth hormone has been shown to increase life span in mice , Dr. Kliewer said .
" In addition , intermittent fasting – which increases FGF21 concentrations – also extends life span in mice .
This raises the intriguing possibility that FGF21 might be a longevity factor , " Dr. Kliewer said .
" This is something that we 're beginning to test in the lab , " he said .
" But our genetically engineered mice have all the classic hallmarks of extended life span : growth hormone resistance , low concentrations of IGF - 1 , increased insulin sensitivity and small size . "
FGF21 is already being tested in human clinical trials for treatment of obesity and diabetes in adults , but the new findings linking FGF21 to interference with growth hormone might indicate that caution is needed before using it in children or teens , Dr. Kliewer said .
###
Other UT Southwestern researchers involved in the study were lead author Dr. Takeshi Inagaki , instructor of molecular biology ; Dr. Vicky Lin , postdoctoral research fellow in pharmacology ; and Dr. David Mangelsdorf , chairman of pharmacology and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator .
Dr. Moosa Mohammadi from New York University School of Medicine also participated in the study .
The work was supported by the National Institutes of Health , the Welch Foundation and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute .
My raison d'être , " says American psychotherapist Jo Ellen Gryzb , " is simply to make people a little less nice . "
It 's been her mission ever since she found herself huddled in her bedroom with her husband one Christmas , whispering about how on earth they were going to get rid of their house guests .
" I had no idea how to tell them they had overstayed , " she says .
" I was a complete walkover . "
Gryzb returned to work at Impact Factory , a personal - development agency , and found herself in conversation with colleague Robin Chandler , who had similarly spent his holiday tiptoeing round friends and family .
" I know what our problem is , " declared Gryzb .
" We 're suffering from the nice factor . "
The pair set about devising a workshop designed to harden us up and cut back on excessive manners ; an etiquette class in reverse , if you like .
It has been so successful that they are now bringing out a book entitled The Nice Factor : The Art of Saying No .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Gryzb believes the symptoms of niceness are everywhere : every time we let someone off the hook , ca n't say no , avoid conflict to keep the peace , feel guilty when we ask for something , and get roped into something we do n't want to do .
She also believes our tendency to over - apologise reveals a worrying undercurrent .
" If an apology is n't genuine , " she says , " psychologically you are saying you 're ashamed of yourself .
It 's almost as if you are apologising for your very being . "
The number of people Gryzb and Chandler have come across in their workshops who make life - changing errors because they do n't want to let others down is astounding .
" One scarily prevalent issue is the number of people who get married but do n't want to , " says Gryzb .
" They become caught up in the machinery – the dress , the reception , the cake , the ceremony – and do n't know how to get out of it .
We know of numerous women who spent the whole of their big day crying ... and not out of happiness . "
The problem , Gryzb says , is that we are brought up in a culture of pleasantries .
The ethos of the saying that it 's nice to be important , but more important to be nice , is ingrained in all of us .
" There 's a lot of subtle cultural messages , " says Gryzb .
" We get it right from birth when we are told good children do n't cry .
Parents brainwash us about what makes a good child and what does n't .
What 's wrong with crying ?
What 's wrong with saying you need something ? "
Gryzb is n't the only one who thinks that niceness is holding us back .
Next month sees the arrival of Asshole : How I got Rich and Happy by Not Giving a S*** About You , by New York author Martin Kihn .
" I was the nicest guy in the world – and it was killing me , " he says in the book .
" My life was a dictionary without the word ' no ' .
If you asked me for a favour – even the kind of favour that required me to go so far out of my way that I needed a map , a translator and an oxygen tank – even if I did n't know you that well , I might hesitate a second , but I 'd always say yes . "
Kihn walked other people 's dogs , traipsed out of his way to bring back the most complicated lunch orders for colleagues and handed over his money to whichever charity or sales scam asked for it .
The result of such " kindness " was a dead - end job and a second - rate apartment .
While Gryzb recommends subtle personality changes , Kihn takes it a step further .
He picked up tips from the masters – Donald Trump , Scarface and " the guy in my building with a tattoo on his face " – and decided to " blowtorch away my old personality and uncover the rock - hard warrior within " .
In his book , Kihn devises a " 10 - step programme to assholism " for anyone wanting to acquaint themselves with their darker side .
He himself signed up to the National Rifle Association , started kickboxing , screamed at colleagues and ate garlic bagels on public transport .
What is refreshing about both Gryzb and Kihn is that they offer an antidote to simpering self - help books .
This is n't about bettering yourself ; it 's about worsening yourself .
Gryzb 's workshops are confrontational .
The first thing she asks participants to do is turn to the person on their right and think nasty thoughts about them .
And her advice if you do find yourself at the altar with someone you do n't want to be with is stark : " Run away , " she says .
" Do n't face up to it .
Do n't make a big announcement in front of all your family and friends , that would be awful .
Just get a cab to the nearest airport . "
She also recommends practising being less nice .
Buy something you know you do n't want just to exercise your right to take it back ; tell someone on the phone you are too busy to talk to them when you 're not .
Small things maybe , but if well practised , that inner alpha personality will have much less trouble coming out when it is really needed .
Kihn 's recommendations are a little more brutal .
Show no interest in others , he advises .
In the workplace , take credit for everything except mistakes , and conduct all conversations on speakerphone .
" The speakerphone is a great way to avoid the inconvenience of having to listen , " he writes .
" This enabled me to start executing one of my original Asshole fantasies : to turn into one of those office jerks who are loathed even more than the person who steals yoghurt from the fridge . "
Kihn claims his project led him on " a voyage of months which succeeded beyond my wildest dreams " .
And Gryzb has long sorted out her problem of overstaying house guests .
" No longer am I afraid of being selfish or being seen as selfish , " she says .
" I do n't offer apologies or excuses , nor do I put someone else 's needs before mine .
Becoming less nice has made me a nicer person . "
' The Nice Factor : The Art of Saying No ' by Jo Ellen Gryzb and Robin Chandler ( Fusion , £ 10.99 ) is out on 20 March .
' Asshole : How I Got Rich and Happy by Not Giving a S*** About You ' by Martin Kihn ( Penguin , £ 7.99 ) is out on 3 April
Gryzb and Chandler 's 10 - step guide to getting tough
1 . Do n't smile
Smiling gives someone permission to think you do n't really mean what you say as you have this big grin on your face
2. Stand your ground
Backing off is wishy - washy .
Standing your ground gives weight to your intention .
This means both physically and verbally
3 . Tell the truth
Let the other person know what you are feeling .
Let them know you are n't comfortable with what they are doing
4 . Agree when it 's unexpected
If someone tells you you 're being silly , agree .
They have no place to go after that .
" You 're a bit touchy . "
" You 're right , I am . "
It takes the wind out of their sails
5 . Do n't point fingers
If you intend to tell someone you do n't like their behaviour , start sentences with how you feel , not what 's wrong with them .
Pointing an accusatory finger will only make them more defensive
6 . Make up a list of handy excuses
This will get you out of situations long enough to see clearly what 's going on before you put yourself back in the fray
7 . Change your mind whenever you want to
You have the right to change your mind , whether it's two minutes , two hours or two months after the fact .
There will be times when you do n't want to honour your commitments
8 . Keep things short and sweet
Gabbling wo n't help , it just gives the other person rope to hang you with
9 . Do n't engage
Never apologise or explain .
Do n't supply fuel for someone to use against you
10 .
Get your ' no ' in quickly
Set your marker right at the beginning of the discussion .
You can always change your mind later , but if you say it fast , it 's out on the table and can't be ignored
That coal is dirty is hardly a surprise to anyone who ’s read about coal .
Mining coal destroys mountaintops and towns as surely as it does the lives of the miners themselves .
Burning coal emits more radioactivity than nuclear reactors do even when they have unexpected coolant releases .
And the sulfur , mercury , and nitrogen oxides that exit the smokestacks of coal plants cause acid rain and heavy metal toxicity downwind of every coal plant that exists .
And yet the coal mining industry and utilities are engaged in a public relations campaign to convince the world that coal can be clean .
Last week I was pointed to two new sites that call out “ clean coal ” boosters : Coal is Clean and Coal is Dirty .
I ’d like to say that the first is an obvious satire site , but when naive people take The Onion seriously ( or this post here at S&R ) , I ’m hesitant to use the word “ obvious ” for any satire .
But “ Ask Dr. Coal – Check out what Dr. Coal has to say about the health benefits of coal for you and your family ” ?
Can that be anything but a spoof ?
Well , when you click on it , you ’re smoothly redirected to Coal is Dirty ’s page discussing mercury ’s effects on children ( brain damage and / or mental retardation ) , respiratory effects of pollution ( asthma attacks ) , and what happens when you drink water contaminated by coal mine drainage water ( rare blood cancers , for one ) .
The site is slick , and while I ’ll admit to being someone who thinks that less dirty coal is a vital bridge technology from today ’s coal and natural gas to the future of renewable , alternative , and clean energy , it ’s good to see the Coal is Dirty team working hard to offset the financial clout of the utilities and mining concerns .
Decisions about the future of coal power are too important to allow any side unfettered control of the flow of information .
( Thanks to A. Siegel of EnergySmart for putting me onto this story . )
— — —-
I consume about 3 / 4 of a a gallon of gas every day commuting back and forth the 13 miles between my home and my office .
At the $ 3.89 per gallon I last paid for gas , that ’s about $ 2.81 every day .
That does n’t sound like much , but it ’ll add up to be about $ 87 for the month of May .
My wife and I just recently calculated that it would be better for me to shift my entire work day an hour later come August when my daughter goes back into preschool because doing so would save the family about a gallon of gas every weekday , and at about $ 4.00 per gallon , that adds up to significant household savings really , really fast .
According to a Wall Street Journal article last week , my wife and I are hardly alone in making these kinds of financial decisions .
But , a with us , most people are n’t choosing to cut back on driving and shifting to compact florescent light bulbs because it ’s the environmentally - friendly thing to do , but rather because it ’s the economic thing to do .
And the article has several good examples of this :
When electric utilities ask consumers whether they would be willing to pay more for power from renewable sources like the wind and sun , more than half the respondents typically say yes .
The average participation rate in utilities ’ optional “ green ” energy programs : about 2 % , according to the Department of Energy ’s National Renewable Energy Laboratory .
“ Everybody calls themselves environmentalists , ” says Jeff Swenerton , a spokesman for the Center for Resource Solutions , a nonprofit group that advocates renewable - energy use .
“ But when it comes down to spending a bit more for these things , people just do n’t do it . ”
Wal - Mart ’s chief executive , Lee Scott , says there are limits to the company ’s environmental push — because many of Wal - Mart ’s customers live paycheck - to - paycheck , unable to pay extra for chemical - free soap or organic - cotton T - shirts .
“ It ’s not a matter that they do n’t care about sustainability , ” he says .
“ It ’s a matter that they ca n’t afford to pay more . ”
What ’s worse is the fact that the last major price spike was followed by a price chasm that convinced Americans that energy was essentially free and that driving big , overpowered , gas - guzzling SUVs was the right thing to do .
And at the end of the WSJ article , Arthur O’Donnell , executive director for Center for Resource Solutions , says he expects that , if energy prices plummeted tomorrow , we ’d see the exact same thing :
“ People would say the crisis is over and generally move back to their previous ways .
I hate to be cynical , but that ’s what I think . ”
On the other hand , BusinessWeek has a more upbeat article about how the days of regular business travel are rapidly coming to an end as a result of high energy , and thus transportation , costs .
Whenever there ’s an economic downturn , corporations slash their travel budgets .
The International Air Transport Assn. is already reporting that business and first - class travel have experienced the biggest plunge in five years .
Typically , when the economy snaps back , so do the business trips .
This time , though , certain types of corporate jaunts may be dead for good .
Across the U.S. , companies as varied as Advanced Micro Devices , Xerox , Cisco Systems , AstraZeneca , and Adecco are cutting internal business travel ( grinding from corporate office to office ) by as much as 50 % .
That ’s not to say all business travel is going extinct .
Globalization has expanded workplace networks exponentially .
We all need to collaborate withâ€ ” and stay connected toâ € ” more people than ever .
Still , a growing number of managers are thinking twice before jumping on a plane .
The article claims that large companies that had the largest internal business travel expenses are shifting to high - end web meeting and video conference technologies like Halo and TelePresence .
Looking at the two sites , I can see how these technologies could dramatically cut the need for internal business travel – when the video resolution is good enough to enable you to read body language , and the sound quality is good enough to enable you to detect subtle stress in the answer to a question … tell me again why I need to travel ?
While advanced video conferencing technologies are certainly expensive , they ’re cheaper than paying for multiple meeting attendees ’ plane tickets , food , lodging , and lost productivity due to time spent in transit and recovering from the travel .
And while the economics of this transition may have been initially driven by the price of jet fuel , the savings are very unlikely to go away even if the price of oil drops again .
And that ’s good for the global climate as well as the economic well - being of corporations .
— — —-
In a related piece of news , the leader of Canada ’s National Democratic Party , Jack Layton , was quoted in The Star as saying “ Those advocating a carbon tax suggest that by making the costs for certain things more expensive , people will make different choices .
But Canada is a cold place and heating your home really is n’t a choice . ”
Layton ’s alternative ?
A carbon cap - and - trade system .
There ’s a problem here that Layton does n’t appear to understand – ANY system that caps carbon emissions will increase energy costs for everyone .
A carbon tax does it .
A cap - and - trade program does it too , just in a different way .
And so Layton ’s criticisms that a carbon tax “ would place an unfair burden on low - income Canadians ” suggests ignorance of carbon reduction fundamentals .
There are only a few main differences between a carbon tax and a cap - and - trade system .
A carbon tax puts a legislatively - determined price on a ton of equivalent CO 2 , while cap - and - trade lets a trading market determine the price of emissions based on the difficulty of meeting the cap .
A carbon tax does n’t actually force emissions to fall like the maximum emissions cap does in a cap - and - trade system .
A carbon tax produces income for the taxing authority while a cap - and - trade system produces income for the individuals and organizations engaged in trading tons of equivalent CO 2 .
And finally , carbon taxes are likely to produce a stable price increase for energy , while cap - and - trade programs could produce wildly varying energy costs from one month ’s bill to the next .
Carbon taxes and cap - and - trade programs each have their advantages and disadvantages , but both will hurt the poor .
The question is how best to mitigate the pain for those citizens least able to absorb the financial injury that emissions pricing will cause .
The incident took place in November 2005 A US marine lied to cover up a squad 's killings of 24 civilians in Iraq 's city of Haditha in 2005 , a US prosecutor has said at the officer 's court martial .
The prosecutor 's comments came during opening statements in the trial of Lt Andrew Grayson in California .
Lt Grayson is charged with obstructing justice and making false statements in connection with the case .
He rejects the allegations .
He is the first of three defendants to go on trial .
Four marines were initially charged with killing of the 24 unarmed Iraqi civilians , including women and children , in Haditha .
Another four were charged with failing to investigate the deaths .
But five of the marines have now had charges dismissed .
' Photos deleted '
Lt Grayson lied to investigators to help cover up the killings in Haditha , prosecutor Lt Col Paul Atterbury told a seven - member jury at the court martial in Camp Pendleton .
The dead in Haditha included women , children and elderly men
The prosecutor also said there were key undisputed facts in the case : a roadside bomb on 19 November 2005 killed a marine and injured two others , and two hours later the squad 's actions resulted in the deaths of the 24 Iraqis .
The US military at first reported that the Iraqis had been killed by that explosion , or in a subsequent gunfight with insurgents .
But Iraqi witnesses said the US troops shot dead five unarmed men when they approached the scene of the bombing in a car .
The troops were then accused of killing 19 other civilians in three houses nearby over the next few hours .
Lt Grayson is alleged to have instructed a sergeant to delete digital photographs of the incident from his camera .
He is charged with six counts of making false statements and obstructing justice .
Lt Grayson would also have had his charges dropped if he had accepted a plea deal and admitted that he covered up the killings , his lawyer said .
If found guilty , he could face up to 30 years in prison , forfeiture of all pay and dismissal from the Marine Corps .
Video footage Despite the accusations , there was no full US investigation into what happened until January 2006 , when video footage emerged of the aftermath , filmed by a local human rights activist .
A subsequent investigation by Time magazine suggested that most of the dead were shot by marines after the bombing - and in March 2006 a criminal investigation was launched .
The following month , three officers in charge of troops in Haditha were stripped of their command and reassigned .
Those accused of involvement in the incident have maintained they were reacting to insurgent fire .
One of the men , Staff Sgt Frank Wuterich , faces a court martial on nine counts of voluntary manslaughter later this year .
The third marine to face a court martial will be battalion commander Lt Col Jeffrey Chessani , who has been charged with dereliction of duty and violation of a lawful order .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Updated : read our full review of the Acer Aspire One .
We got hands on with Acer 's new Intel - Atom boasting ' netbook ' in central London today .
The mini notebook is undoubtedly a key competitor to the Asus Eee PC as well as MSI 's newly - announced Wind – which is also Atom - based .
The new machine does have something of an identity crisis – Acer is calling it a " mobile internet device " when others are calling similar laptops sub- notebooks , micro laptops and suchlike .
There certainly seemed to be some discrepancy between Acer 's label for the machine and Intel 's descripton of it as a ' netbook . '
Acer has even sent us a ' positioning document ' that says " the Aspire one is an all - new communication device designed to provide a true mobile and wireless experience through continuous access to the Internet no matter where you are . "
Nice .
But , marketing claptrap aside , the Aspire One looks like a formidable prospect , especially given its £ 199 price point for the 8GB Linux version with 512MB of RAM .
Acer has engineered a bespoke interface , rather like Asus ' for the Eee PC .
Open Office is offered , as is a Messaging app that can handle MSN / Windows Live , AIM , Yahoo and Google Talk .
Likewise an integrated email app can handle various accounts including Google Mail , but not Hotmail .
Windows XP
Home is also an option ( £ 299 ) but Acer only had the Linux Lite version available for us to look at during this morning 's launch .
The uprated Windows XP option provides 1GB of RAM with an 80 GB hard drive .
Various models will be available , including a version with 7.2 Mbps HSDPA .
Acer was also talking up WiMAX , but we all know its appearance in the UK will be long and drawn out .
802.11b/g Wi -Fi is included as standard – part of Intel 's 945GSE chipset .
The Atom N270 chip is the Diamondville variant ( Silverthorne is for UMPCs and MIDs ) and runs at 1.6GHz with a thermal envelope of 2.5W .
That 's the top end of the spectrum for Atom , which does n't need a fan .
In terms of weight and size , the Aspire 1 is just over 1KG and is more - or - less perfect for a train - top table .
It 's still an 8.9 - inch display , though Acer plans some bigger - screened models in future .
Other notable features include an SD slot for expanding the memory as well as two available batteries – a 3 - cell that Acer says promises three hours of battery life as well as a 7 - cell for a pretty impressive seven hours .
Take some time off this if you 're buying an XP - based variant .
The Aspire One will make an impression on the market , that 's for sure .
The £ 199 Linux offering is impressive and pound - for - pound the XP version is better value than the MSI Wind .
Acer clearly wants to make an impact – the company will hope the Atom will give the Aspire One the springboard it needs .
( People searching for Erik De Nijs have been hitting on " Beyond the Beyond , "
because I was doing precisely that myself .
Erik , who lacks a website as he is laudably busy actually learning his craft , has kindly sent me this statement , so that journalists and TV producers will stop asking me so many questions about him . )
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
More about me :
My name is Erik De Nijs , I ’m 22 years old and I ’m a third - year product design student at the HKU in Utrecht Holland .
HKU means " Hoge School voor de Kunsten Utrecht , " which means high school for arts Utrecht .
I know I should make some kind of internet site so people can contact me if they want something , but I just do n’t have so much time for that .
I promised to explain my concept of the beauty and the geek jeans , so here it is .
I also send some pictures .
The jeans were designed for an assignment for school .
The teacher ’s name is Guido Ooms ( www.oooms.nl).
He has been a student at the design academy in Eindhoven .
The assignment was to take two brands and combine them so that there would be a new product .
Important was that there would be some tension between the two brands and that these brands were n’t an obvious combination .
The example he gave was the Senseo coffee machine by Philips and Douwe Egberds ( Douwe Egberds is a coffee company ) , only this cooperation between those two brands is too obvious for the assignment .
The assignment was called branding .
I did the assignment a little bit different .
Instead of picking two brands and finding a combination , I was looking for a combination of two products , which would create a new kind of product which would be special .
And afterwards I could brand them .
So I came up with the idea of putting a keyboard in your pants , and to make jeans with all the important computer stuff ( like a mouse , keyboard and the speakers ) in it .
Besides the new look the jeans would get , there was some sort of freedom behind your computer screen .
You did n’t have to be stiff behind your screen , but you can move in any position you want because the keyboard would be in the same place .
I made jeans I would like to wear .
In holland , we say baggy jeans .
These jeans are a bit loose , so there was enough space to build in the keyboard and the speakers .
The jeans I made is a concept which is designed to work with a wireless bluetooth connection .
In the model I made , this connection is not there , but a plug is connected to your laptop .
This plug looks like a belt , which is put around your waist when you ’re not connected .
If I develop the model , I will make it with a full wireless USB connection because it is possible .
But for the model I had to make in 3 weeks , I used a plug connection .
If I would design a new model , I would do some things different .
The jeans have stitches like the pattern of a mother board from your computer .
This gives the jeans some technological look .
I designed the back pocket for the wireless mouse in a way that sticks out a little bit , so the mouse fits in perfectly .
The speakers are on the side of your knees where your leg bends .
The mouse is connected to your pants with elastic , so if it falls , it does not break .
So I did not create the jeans to solve the problem of sitting still behind your screen .
It was an outcome from another perspective .
I wanted to create something that had something playful over it .
I do n’t know how I should describe it , but what I ’m looking for in all my products is an extra twist , not just a product that looks good or functions well .
I want to put something extra in it .
I hope you understand it a little bit because i think it is hard to explain in English .
if you look at the products Guido Ooms makes , you maybe can see what I ’m talking about .
He says his products are to make life more fun .
I ’m not saying this is my philosophy because , to be totally honest , I do n’t know what my philosophy of designing exactly is yet .
I ’m also not saying these are the kind of products I will be making in the future , it ’s just that his products have an extra twist , and I find that very interesting .
I ’m not specially interested in designing technological products .
If there needs to be some technique to create my concept , I will use it .
Erik De Nijs
( ( ( More pics direct from Erik archived here : ) ) )
http://www.flickr.com/photos/brucesterling/sets/72157605496145298/
There are two principal ways advertisers are trying to create value for consumers on the web — and they must create value because , you know , consumers are in control .
On the web , advertisers can provide entertainment or information .
How effective is advertising as information on the web ?
See Google ’s $ 15B in ad revenue — an $ 5.19 billion in ad revenue in Q1 2008 .
The technology of web search enabled advertisers to create value for consumers in a way that was never possible in analogue media .
Searching for a product or service ?
Here ’s a link to information on that product or service .
The value proposition to consumers is so perfect , so pure , that it took years for Madison Avenue to realize that Google had created billions of dollars in advertising value right under their noses .
It ’s hard work winning Clio awards — who has time to think about at these silly little text ads ?
But that Clio - award winning creativity is finally starting to focus its attention on the web , and just as with every TV spot that you ’ve ever TiVoed past , Madison Avenue wants to entertain you .
With a 30 - second TV commercial the worst that advertising creatives could do was waste your time or insult your intelligence .
But now Madison Avenue has discovered digital technology .
And like every web design who ever made something flash on a page just because they could ( where are my teflon sunglasses ? ) , ad creatives are harnessing the full power of web applications and the web ’s snarky wild west ethos .
Why ?
Well , because they can .
Take for example this Toyota ad , which I ’ve seen many times on Technorati , but could never quite figure out :
How is this a Toyota ad , you ask ?
That quandary is just the tip of the iceberg .
When you click on the ad ( go ahead and click above ) , having proven yourself to be a curious young male , here ’s what you find ( click on this or any other image in this post to see the full image ) :
Would you like to play a trick on a friend ?
Well , I would n’t have clicked on the pub fighting ad if I was n’t a slow - witted curious young male , so of course I say Yes !
Here ’s the text – you have to read it :
At this point it ’s not clear to me that this is an “ ad ” that enables you to play a cruel practical joke on a friend , or whether the ad itself is a cruel practical joke .
But it gets better :
So this is an “ ad ” for a car — no , really , a car — inviting you to enter personal information for yourself and for a friend .
Having proven myself to be a truly slow - witted male , I figure why not go all the way and read the terms and conditions .
Here I find some of the true gems of this “ ad ” ( bold is there ’s — my emphasis is in italics ) :
Representations :
You warrant and represent that : ( a ) the names , cities , states , gender , e-mail addresses and mobile phone numbers ( as well as any other information ) you identified to us for yourself and / or any of the designated Invited Users are accurate , complete , and valid for the identified individual ; ( b ) you are the sole and exclusive owner of each photograph and recordings of yourself that you uploaded to this website and all rights therein ; ( c ) you have the full and exclusive right , power , and authority to submit all of the photograph (s ) and recording (s ) , and to grant us the right to make any recordings of you , and to grant us the rights to all of the photograph (s ) and recordings herein granted upon the terms and conditions set forth herein ; ( f ) all of your photograph (s ) and recorded personal messages are in keeping with our image and are not offensive or otherwise violate any part of these Terms ; ( g ) your photograph (s ) and recorded personal messages does not defame or invade publicity rights or privacy of any person , living or deceased , or otherwise infringe upon any person ’s personal or property rights or any other third party rights ; ( h ) if your photograph appears to endorse Lexus , Toyota , or Scion brand vehicles or any TMS / USA Entities , and / or imply any association with any TMS / USA Entities or our business , you consent to such appearance of endorsement and / or association , and if a third party appears to endorse , or be associated with , Lexus , Toyota or Scion brand vehicles , TMS / USA Entities or our business , you have obtained the express written consent of such third party to such endorsement and / or association ( and , if requested to do so , can produce such written consent in a form and manner acceptable to us ) ; and ( i ) if any photograph contains persons other than yourself or third party elements not owned by you , you have obtained express written consent to submit such photograph and allow it to be used in the manner contemplated by these Terms from each and every person depicted in the photograph and each and every owner of any third party element , and , if requested to do so , can produce such written consent in a form and manner acceptable to us ( and in particular , if any minor is depicted in any photograph , you have obtained the express written consent of the minor ’s parent or legal guardian to submit such photograph and allow it to be used in the manner contemplated in these Terms ) .
Grant of Rights : * You grant to us and our designees an exclusive , worldwide , perpetual , irrevocable , royalty - free , sub - licensable right to use your name , e-mail address , photograph (s ) and / or recorded personal message (s ) , and any information you provided to us regarding any Invited User , in connection with The Other You experience and send any and all such information , photograph (s ) and / or recorded personal message (s ) to the Invited Users you designate and others to facilitate this entertainment activity .
* Further , you understand that , although not intended , there may be an unintended release of such information and / or items to the public , and you waive ( and agree never to assert ) any and all claims you may have with respect to such unintended release .
By submitting any information and / or materials herein , you forever waive and agree never to assert , any copyrights , “ moral ” rights , or other rights that you may have in any materials or information provided hereunder .
This “ entertainment activity ”
This , my friends , is advertising as entertainment on the web .
So what does advertising as information look like in the same market ?
Try a search for “ best hatchbacks ” ( the Toyota Matrix is a hatchback — no that this is relevant to the entertainment activity mind you ) .
Looking to play a cruel practical joke on a friend ?
No ?
Just shopping for a hatchback ?
Dude , you do n’t get out much .
So you click on the Honda ad and here ’s where you land :
Photos of the car .
Features .
Specs .
Accessories .
MSRP .
Build your own .
Find a dealer .
Compare vehicles .
Request a quote .
Estimate payments .
You ’ve gotta be kidding me !
Are you trying to sell a car ?
What are you thinking !?!
Where ’s the ENTERTAINMENT ?
So what is the future of online advertising ?
Darned if I know .
Ask the Other Me . He ’s got it all figured out .
The woman [ comedian Johnny Vegas ] focused on was about 18 or 19 and was very obviously unnerved by his attention .
I saw her expression clearly - I was in the front row too , just three seats along .
Vegas insisted that she allow herself to be carried on to the stage by six members of the audience - he called them " pall bearers " .
She must pretend to be dead , he said , and he would bring her back to life with an onstage kiss .
He warned her that there probably would be tongues . …
As she was carried on stage , Vegas repeatedly goaded one of the pallbearers to " finger " the girl .
Once she was on stage , Vegas told her to lie very still .
She could n't stop her nervous giggling ; he threatened to kick her in the ribs .
It did n't come across to me as a joke - and near to where I was sitting , no one was laughing .
Eventually Vegas crouched down beside the nervous girl and started stroking her breasts while repeatedly saying , " do n't fucking move " .
Then he ran his hand up her leg and began pulling her skirt up .
Every time he looked up to address the audience , she would reach down and pull her skirt back down , but he kept pulling it back up .
According to [ James Williams , writing on the NOTBBC forum after the gig ] , who had a different view of the stage from me , Vegas ended up " fingering her through her clothes for a second or two " .
What I heard was an audible sharp intake of breath from the audience as they realised that the woman was getting much more than the kiss Vegas had told her to expect .
There was an air of menace from the outset , made worse by the fact that Vegas clearly had no idea where he was going with his act .
The more the young woman was groped , the more anxious one of the " pallbearers " looked .
Then Vegas straddled the young woman , pinning her to the floor , and kissing her for quite a while .
Most disturbing , perhaps was that around half the audience seemed to find this really funny .
Naturally , the tenor of the debate has largely centered around consent .
The aforementioned commenter Williams notes , for example : " Honestly , you could n't have found a nervier or more passive girl if you 'd scoured all of London — she was like a rabbit in the headlights , but she was giggling and clearly somewhat enjoying the attention , so it just sort of went ahead without so much as a yes or no from her .
" There 's so much fucked - up about that comment alone , it 's tough to know where to begin , but I think it gets to the heart of what I mean about the rape culture creating victims and accomplices .
The girl is under pressure to go along for reasons of which we should all be well aware ; she has ( as have we all ) internalized the notion that sexual attention , even of the unwanted sort , is a compliment , and is also no doubt aware that kicking up a public fuss about unwanted sexual attention will mean that she will face ridicule and humiliation — "
Do n't flatter yourself " and / or charges of humorlessness , just for a start .
Meanwhile , the audience is under pressure to enjoy the spectacle and provide the very pressure that keeps her there , their mere presence serving as the implicit threat that she will be harshly judged if she stops the horrible mess by leaping to her feet and screaming " No ! " That all of it was under the guise of " comedy , " and that half of the audience dutifully played along , made everyone else , even the uncomfortable - looking " pall bearer " and author of the excerpted piece above whose protestations ( directed at the victim — ugh ) were ignored , complicit in the assault of a girl who was " clearly somewhat enjoying the attention " and never gave " so much as a yes or no .
" Somewhat enjoying the attention .
That sounds so much nicer than , say , " going along with it all because she was afraid to be laughed at for protecting herself and quite possibly in a state of shock at the realization that she was being sexually assaulted in front of an entire room of people .
" None of whom came to her rescue .
( H/T to Shaker GayAsXmas . ) [ Rape is Hilarious : Parts One Nineteen . ]
Commuting is an everyday activity everyone loves to hate .
Squeezing your life away on a jam - packed train or a bus with too few seats , stuck behind the wheel in a traffic jam or having to switch between multiple forms of transport to get to your work place – not exactly a synonym of fun .
No one likes to spend hours in a car each day moving at a snail ’s pace , or stuck in traffic , breathing in exhaust fumes .
But being annoying is not the only drawback of daily car commute : recent studies have shown that it can seriously affect your health and well - being .
Do you remmember how fun it was to scoot around your neighbourhood on a battery - operated scooter ?
You used to love riding a scooter because it was fun , you hate your commute because it is n’t .
So why do n’t you make commuting fun ?
There is an abundance of new , folding e-scooters that look just like those your kid would ride .
Some of them are equipped with larger wheels , some suspension and headlight , and can take on a heavier adult rider , but all in all they still look like toy - like kick scooters .
Some manufacturers have tried to make scooters that look less like a toy and more like a futuristic , lightweight , portable contraption , but that resulted in some pretty wacky rides .
And then , there are electric mopeds that look more like a motorcycle than a scooter and have weaker powertrain which generally results in less strict licensing requirements and makes them easy to purchase without registrations .
Manufacturers are also trying to give their scooters different power modes to make them fit into e-bike requirements in different jurisdictions or configuration , but when using different power modes they can be almost as powerful as street legal electric motorcycles or scooters .
Wit the market evolving so fast , it is hard to keep up with the latest releases .
One of the best online sources for the news about the latest electric scooters , reviews and top pick you can find on : https://www.ridetwowheels.com/electric-scooters-overview/
Your commute is likely costing you much more than you realize – in driving - related expenses , in sheer number of hours on the road and in negative health outcomes .
The annual review of transportation costs by the IRS revealed that each mile traveled costs the average vehicle owner about 53.5 cents .
Electric scooters are a great alternative for commuters who look for a quick way to travel but do n’t want to pay high running costs for taxes , insurance , gas , parts , repairs and parking .
Quality electric mopeds are serious vehicles that could be used for years and years .
The innovative designs emerge every season .
An example of a nicely designed , minimalist electric scooter with seat is the Razor ’s EcoSmart Metro .
It has a range of up to 15 miles , supports 220 lbs rider , features a 500w motor and a top speed of 20 mph .
If you plan on commuting by public transport , the most important thing is to find an electric scooter that is portable and lightweight , so it is easy to take with you on a train or a bus .
The folding scooter that is clearly designed for commuting is the Ninebot ES2 by Segway .
It has a really soft suspension , has plenty of traction going uphill and furthermore it can be very easily folded .
With features like a beeper and a built - in LED headlights and taillights you can be confidently ride even when it gets dark .
If you want to a quiet , fun and quick ride , that saves you money , and saves the planet , you should definitely go for electric scooters .
To help you decide which one is best suited to your requirements here you can find top electric motorized scooter reviews , buying guides and tips on what to look for in an e-scooter .
Happy riding !
Late last week , the US named and shamed its list of the worst offenders when it comes to protecting intellectual property ; China , Russia , Argentina , Chile , India , Israel , Pakistan , Thailand , and Venezuela topped the " Special 301 Report " and earned the dubious distinction of being placed on a Priority Watch List ( The Pirate Bay was also singled out for special mention ) .
Together with the countries on the regular Watch List , the report called out a grand total of 46 countries , and the reaction has been fast and furious .
These Special 301 reports have been generated since the 1970s , but IP law did n't enter mainstream consciousness until the last decade or so .
Now that topics like copyright and patent reform can make for front - page news , more people are complaining about the 301 process .
An editorial running tomorrow morning ( thanks to the miracle of time zones ) in the Bangkok Post , for instance , takes on the US report , saying that the US government " has escalated its imagined dispute with Thailand far out of proportion . "
The US continues to object to Thailand 's practices surrounding generic copies of patented drugs , but the paper argues that " drug licensing is specifically legal in a way that open sales of songs and movies are not , " and it feels like Thailand was unfairly singled out in part for trying to contain a public health crisis .
Taiwan , which was also named in the report , has " expressed regret " about being included in the list , according to the China Post .
It was applauded for new law " aimed at ending illegal file - sharing over peer - to - peer ( P2P ) platforms , " but the US wants to see a new law " regarding liability of Internet service providers for copyright infringements . "
It also wants a stricter crackdown on copyrighted material flowing through TANet , an ISP run by the country 's Ministry of Education .
Canadian law professor Michael Geist takes his own potshots at the 301 process , which continues to place Canada on the Watch List , and he points out that Canada 's own Department of Foreign Affairs does n't think much of Special 301 .
" In regard to the watch list , " said a Foreign Affairs official to the House of Commons last year , " Canada does not recognize the 301 watch list process .
It basically lacks reliable and objective analysis .
It 's driven entirely by U.S. industry .
We have repeatedly raised this issue of the lack of objective analysis in the 301 watch list process with our US counterparts .
I also recognize that the US industry likes to compare anyone they have a problem with , concerning their IPR regime , to China and the other big violators , but we 're not on the same scale . "
And Israel , which made the top nine , was so upset about the possibility of remaining on the Priority Watch List that it filed an angry response with the US Trade Representative back in March , pointing out that calls for more DRM from US industries were n't required by any treaties that Israel had signed and that it saw significant problems with such measures .
" The critiques and criticism of TPM [ technological protection measures ] both from business model perspectives and from copyright perspectives are almost endless , " said the Israeli response , which was n't enough to get the country off the hook .
One of the criticisms of the 301 process is that it is driven too heavily by American business interests ; indeed , the 301 Report lists " affected industry groups and other private - sector representatives " as a major source of its information .
The International Intellectual Property Alliance ( IIPA ) , which represents the BSA , ESA , MPAA , RIAA , and other major copyright business groups , has also responded to the 301 Report .
Not surprisingly , it raised no significant objections and called the process " an important tool by which the US government has been able to secure improved protection and enforcement in our key markets around the world . "
But not even the IIPA was fully satisfied by the 46 country list ; it actually called on Canada to be upgraded to the Priority Watch List due to its failure to " facilitate the development of a healthy online marketplace for copyright materials . "
Given the furious response to a proposed new copyright reform law in Canada that appeared ready to fill Big Content 's Christmas stocking , the legislation that the IIPA wants to see may not be forthcoming soon ... if it ever sees the light of day at all .
The IIPA , which does much to set the agenda of the 301 process , is coming in for criticism here in the US as well .
William Patry , a top copyright scholar ( and Google 's lead copyright attorney ) , said last month that " the sheer arrogance and affront to the sovereignty of foreign governments by the IIPA 's annual reports and effort to penalize those governments that do not toe the IIPA 's line is breathtaking . "
But it does n't look like the IIPA has any plans to scale back on the rhetoric , which at the moment seems targeted especially at our neighbor to the north .
It is amazing how some presidential candidates are blaming the North American Free Trade Agreement for U.S. job losses .
They seem to believe that a substantial part of the three million manufacturing jobs lost since 2000 resulted from Nafta , and that outsourcing of manufacturing production to Mexico and Canada resulted in a huge trade deficit .
Too bad they do n't know that the growth in the deficit is n't due to manufactured goods , but to oil and gas imports .
There ...
posted by Chris Braak
Last night , I watched a television show on the SciFi Channel about Mayan Crystal Skulls .
The Crystal Skulls are a fancy new age phenomenon , and are to be featured in the new Indiana Jones movie , so I guess that SciFi thought it ’d be cool if folks wanted to learn about them and their terrible secrets .
Here , wait , let me get a picture .
There we go .
Man , I love a good crystal skull .
So , anyway , this show , The Mysteries of the Crystal Skulls , was the most amazingly retarded thing I ’ve ever seen in my life .
This is saying something , because I remember , in my youth , watching specials about Atlantis , and the Chupacabra , and the Tunguska Blast , and none of them were as ridiculous as this .
The SciFi Channel apparently convened a panel of “ experts ” – four fifty - year - old men with either a ) outlandish beards , or b ) that kind of gray ponytail that you make when your hairline is receding but you grow the rest of your hair long .
They have jobs like , “ Author , ” “ Lecturer , ” “ Explorer . ”
These guys provide commentary while Bill Holdman , Man of Action ( you know he ’s a man of action because the narrator said so , and then they cut to a scene of Bill Holdman doing karate ) , chooses locations APPARENTLY AT RANDOM from the life of a South American explorer from the thirties , and tries to find more crystal skulls .
The explanations get gradually more insane .
The narrator begins by telling us , “ Some scientists do n’t believe in the power of the crystal skulls ” –cleverly covering their asses in anticipation of the insane delusions they ’re about to foist on us –“ But all the experts we spoke with believe that the crystal skulls are artifacts of an advanced Mayan civilization , and the general consensus is that there are thirteen crystal skulls … ”
That ’s , “ the general consensus ” of the experts that they spoke with–not the general consensus of people who know what the fuck they ’re talking about .
One of these characters tries to explain the skull .
“ The theory may sound far - fetched , at first , ” he says , and this is misleading , because it implies that the more you hear about it , the LESS far - fetched it will sound , “ But the crystal skulls are made from quartz , which is what we make our modern microchips from .
Imagine how much information is stored on a microchip–now , think of how much information could be stored in a crystal skull . ”
Which is crazy , because beaches are made out of quartz , too , and all they store is sand crabs and used heroin needles .
Oh , here ’s the guy , Chris Morton .
You ca n’t really see his ponytail in this picture .
I wish that this was outlandish as it gets .
But it ’s NOT .
Somehow , the Crystal Skulls have become the lynchpin upon which crazy men hang their crazy theories .
Here ’s how it goes : obviously , the thirteen crystal skulls need to be brought together in order to prevent the Mayan apocalypse in 2012 .
We know that catastrophe is coming because the Mayans are actually descended from the Atlanteans ( you can tell , because their ruined port cities look like old Phoenician port cities ) , and it was one of the Mayan apocalypses that destroyed Atlantean civilization .
But !
Atlantis was actually a colony from an alien civilization that was spread throughout the solar system–a civilization that was ALSO destroyed by a terrible cataclysm , leaving only the crystal skulls behind as remnants .
And how do we know all this ?
One of the experts used to consult for NASA ( consult in what field ?
They do n’t say .
Skullography , maybe ) .
He believes that CalTech scientists working at Area 51 were able to extract the secrets of the aliens from a robotic head that they FOUND ON THE MOON .
About an hour and fifteen minutes into the show , they do a bit with this little old lady who tells us about the guy that found the first skull : she says he bought it at an auction , which she has the records of .
Also , the skull was made in the 19th century , using a diamond rotary saw , which you can tell if you look at it under a scanning electron microscope .
Whatever , old lady .
Three minutes of this , and it ’s time to get back to Bill Holdman , Man of Action , as he goes scuba diving ( maybe there ’s another skull underwater ! ) , spelunking ( maybe there ’s a skull in this cave ! ) , and hacking through the jungles of Belize ( maybe there ’s a skull in the jungle ! ) .
Lester Holt –the narrator–tries to drive home how important it is that we find the skulls , because only they can prevent the Mayan apocalypse .
( Whenever he says “ apocalypse , ” they cut to scenes of Bad Things–volcanoes , earthquakes , tanks pointing their cannons at things , dead cows covered in flies , etc … )
Unfortunately , Bill Holdman , Man of Action , does not find any of the crystal skulls –primarily because of Belize ’s stupid laws about digging up archaeological sites without a permit .
I guess this whole thing is just an illustration of how people can believe some dumb shit .
Every piece of information that does n’t involve the words “ records ” or “ scanning electron microscope ” is third - hand –from a report that a guy made about an experiment on the skull that someone did at Hewlett - Packard fifty years ago , but it was a secret so there are n’t any other records .
Or else , from some mission that NASA undertook in the seventies , but it was also a secret AND the government is trying to hide it , so do n’t expect to find any corroboration anywhere .
Also , apparently as long as you say , “ according to legends , ” you can make any outrageous claims that you want and not have to explain how you know ( you do n’t even have to say according to which legends , leaving the average layman to believe that “ legends ” constitute a single , consistent body of information that tells us accurately about Atlantis and the Chupacabra ) .
What ’s the point of all this ?
I guess just that in thousands of years of human civilization , one thing remains constant : human beings like believing in things that are RETARDED .
The Wheels Fall Off China 's Boom ( April 1 , 2008 )
Please note I am saying " the wheels fall off China 's boom " not " off China . "
That distinction is important .
If the Chinese government mishandles the economic / financial bust which has just started , then the wheels could indeed fall off China , Inc .
I have posted here for years that factories have been moving from China to Vietnam , Thailand and elsewhere .
Now BusinessWeek confirms the trend : China 's Factory Blues
The days of ultra-cheap labor and little regulation are gone .
As manufacturers ' costs climb , export prices will follow
The bigger multinationals may be having second thoughts , too .
A report by the American Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai found that more than half of foreign manufacturers in China believe the mainland is losing its competitive advantage over countries like Vietnam and India .
Almost a fifth of the companies surveyed are considering relocating out of China .
" The big story here is that globalization is for real — and China is no longer what it was , " says Ronald Haddock , a vice - president at consultant Booz Allen Hamilton , which wrote the report .
The rise of the yuan may be the biggest single factor driving companies to relocate .
But other government policies are contributing to the crisis .
Last year , Beijing decided to cut or cancel tax rebates on more than 2,000 items used to make exported goods .
The impact has been huge .
" The end of rebates has raised the cost of manufacturing many goods by 14 % to 17 % at the factory level , " says Harley Seyedin , president of the Guangzhou - based American Chamber of Commerce in South China
The process of abandoning factories in China is not terribly orderly : Rising costs forcing some South Korean factory owners to flee China In Qingdao , Sung Jeung Han , manager of the Korean Society and Enterprise Association said 20 percent to 30 percent of the 6,000 South Korean firms in that eastern port city were losing money .
" The wage rise , yuan appreciation and higher input prices are the main reasons , " he said by telephone .
The minimum wage in Qingdao has risen 43 percent in the past three years to 760 yuan , or $ 107 , per month .
Other government initiatives to share China 's growing wealth more widely and to minimize social tension are also deterring employers who are required to provide more mandated benefits for their workers and are paying higher pollution fees .
Employers are grumbling in particular about a new labor contract law , which went into effect at the beginning of this year , that makes it harder to lay off staff members .
It may seem anachronistic to place Chairman Mao in the cart with the shaky wheels , but I did so to illustrate that China 's government retains the flawed structure of Mao 's era on which new layers have been poorly grafted .
When the need arose to suppress protesting Tibetan monks , China 's rulers quickly mobilized hundreds of thousands of regular Red Army troops and deployed them domestically .
This centralized command - and - control reveals that the fundamental layer of China 's government remains a Communist dictatorship ruled by a small oligarchy .
When SARS threatened to disrupt trade and the people 's trust in their government , the central command - and - control structure quickly asserted itself on a national scale : no public spitting , etc. etc .
The structural problem is this : the economy is essentially controlled by local government , not the central government .
When the economic reforms began in 1978 , several key structural changes were made , the consequences of which are still playing out .
One was that regional and local governments were given control over economic development .
Thus if a city government wants to build a huge sports arena / shopping complex , they can approve the construction without central Party or government approval .
This is the structural root of many of China 's unsolvable problems such as corruption and industrial pollution .
If a factory is spewing airborne lead into the air , the central government has the authority on paper to do whatever it wants , but in practice the enforcement of regulations is largely in the hands of local government : the very same government tasked with providing new jobs and enticing capitalists to build new facilities in their city / area .
Even stickier , the local officials wined and dined that factory owner to build there for the jobs , and the owners provide some level of " support " for the local Party officials .
Perhaps not outright cash , but benefits nonetheless : influence , contracts , gifts , etc .
So now you the local official must go the factory owner , who you just sat next to the previous night at a banquet , sharing jokes and liquor , and you 're supposed to tell him to buy a horrendously costly scrubber for his smokestack or you 'll have to shut him down ?
Structurally , that is simply untenable .
This is the root of story after story in which the factory shuts down for a few days and then starts releasing the airborbe lead at night , when nobody can see it .
That 's the " solution " which works for the owner and for the local Party officials who are in some sense " co-owners , " for if the factory shuts down or moves away , they lose .
Another structural reform was made which is now haunting China in a fundamental and pervasive way : who provides pensions and health insurance .
Unfortunately , China 's central government chose the same unstable formula the U.S. did way back when : make the employer responsible for employees ' pensions and healthcare insurance .
This worked fine when the government owned 100 % of the entire country ; every factory and commune was essentially owned by the central government .
But as the economic reforms took hold and the government began closing down or selling government - owned factories , then the workers began falling through the shredding safety net .
In other words : China does not have a centrally operated pension or healthcare system .
Those workers whose employers survived the transition have pensions , those whose employers are gone do not .
Among our Chinese friends ' parents , there is a great divide .
Those who spent their lives working for a Party newspaper or bureaucracy or the Army receive a pension , and life is really pretty good .
But those who worked for a factory which has closed have nothing .
This structural divide is precisely what is destroying the social contract and fabric in the U.S. , where government workers and those who labored for surviving multinationals have pensions , while those who worked for firms which ultimately failed have nothing until they qualify for Social Security and Medicare .
China has plans to fund national pension and healthcare systems , but being horrendously expensive -- recall China has 1.3 billion citizens , to the U.S. 's 300 million -- those remain future plans .
Another structural problem ( dare I call it a new form of dialectical materialism ? ) is inflation .
The cost of food and rent is rising by leaps and bounds in China , and the central government 's attempts to control prices by fiat have been largely counter - productive .
Trying to force prices lower in times of shortage is like trying to compress water : it does n't work .
Lower the price of electricity without lowering the input costs ( coal ) and you end up with electricity shortages .
Pave over thousands of hectares of prime rice land with high - rises and you get declining production .
Divert water from agricultural producers to the Olympics and you get declining yields .
Declining yields result in demand / supply imbalances and rising prices .
MSN commentator Jim Jubak foresees negative consequences of the upcoming Olympics -- consequences which are to some degree reflections of the structural problems I outline above : China 's looming Olympics disaster The Beijing games are supposed to showcase China 's stature on the world stage .
But they 're producing protests at home and may shut down big hunks of the nation 's economy .
( Several readers recommended this link -- thank you . )
Lastly , the idea that China could simply shift its manufacturing sales to Europe as the U.S. recession takes hold has been revealed as hope not reality .
As BusinessWeek notes , Ireland -- along with the rest of Europe - - is suffering its own real estate bust and slowdown as factories close or move to cheaper climes : Ireland : The End of the Miracle The powerful euro has crushed the country 's decade - long economic expansion — and its competitiveness New correspondent J.S. offers an " on the ground " report from Shenzhen , China , on many of these issues .
I asked J.S. to comment on rising prices , China 's stock market decline and the reaction of average citizens to these unwelcome developments .
Here is his report :
The real estate bubble in Shenzhen has started to deflate .
Rents however seem to have only leveled off and not gone down noticeably .
What I found troubling was how the rental increases seem to be squeezing the lower wage earners .
My Chinese friends say their 1200 RMB per month apartment was 1000 before the last increase .
Meanwhile the apartment I am renting went from 1900 to 2100 in a year .
You can see how in percentage terms the increases are much greater for the cheaper and more affordable apartments .
There is much talk among the people I know about how the RMB appreciation is causing some factories to operate at a loss or very low profit .
Contracts signed a year ago that were profitable are now losing them money with every shipment .
Wages are increasing as well so that is causing them problems on the cost side .
My friends report that prices are outpacing the wage increases .
There is talk about the factories moving to lower cost centers where the wages have not increased so much as around Shenzhen .
Some of the more forward thinkers are already predicting a move to Vietnam .
Others disagree and say the language problems with Vietnam are too great and it is very difficult to source the items needed to complete a finished product .
I am always asking the business people whether it is as busy as normal or if it has slowed down .
I would expect the credit crunch and consumers flocking AWAY from Walmart to be having an effect by now .
The tendency is that if there is a slowdown to regard it as normal or seasonal , it seems like no one here really understands how bad it may get before it gets better .
Stock market investing by the ordinary people here is very widespread .
When I mention that one of my friends does stock market investing for a living they pipe up and say , Me too .
Surprising to me as a lot of these people should n't be gambling with what little money they have .
Some say that they made a lot of money and now after the market drop they are near the break even point .
This was before the last drop in the Market that took it below 4000 .
If I was not familiar with it from prior trips to countries like Argentina and Thailand the price of electronics here would have been surprising .
Lcd tv sets and laptop computers are all significantly more expensive than in Canada and the USA .
I would say about 20 % or more .
Some small electric convenience items however ( iron , rice cooker ) are breathtakingly cheap .
Real estate appreciation has been such a driving force in Shenzhen that when the market starts dropping which it is now doing I expect there to be a lot of dislocations among the average people .
The number of Realtors is mind boggling .
It seems that every fifth or sixth storefront is another realtor office .
This is what happens when real estate goes steadily in one direction for about 20 years .
They have carved themselves a comfortable niche by getting between the renters and the owners as well .
There are many buildings where the security people will not let you look for apartments for rent unless you are with an agent .
The agents typically charge 1/2 a months rent to the owner of the apartment and 1/2 a months rent to the tenant .
Of course this drives all rents up about 8 % over where they should be .
Air Quality is consistently poor in Shenzhen based on visibility between my apartment tower and the ones that are somewhat distant .
I have one day in 10 where the haze in the air is quite bad only and not really bad .
In the two months I have been here I have not noticed any improvement .
The effect at street level is almost unnoticeable for me however unless standing right beside the flow of traffic which is quite noxious .
No coughing hacking or wheezing from the pollution yet for me .
Not like Manila !
The average person here has no tendency to blame the guv'ment for everything like we do back home .
The people seem to be stoic and uncomplaining for the most part even when difficulties arise .
I think it will have to get a lot worse before the average person starts to complain about government handling of the economy and pollution .
If anything I think the pollution will be the first thing the public would fix on that they would find the government at fault for .
Thank you , J.S. for a deeply interesting report .
For more background on China 's challenges , please read China : An Interim Report ( 2005 ) .
NOTE : contributions are humbly acknowledged in the order received .
Your name and email remain confidential and will not be given to any other individual , company or agency .
Thank you , Lynn C. ( $ 50 ) , for your extremely generous contribution to this humble site via check .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
All contributors are listed below in acknowledgement of my gratitude .
For more on this subject and a wide array of other topics , please visit my weblog .
copyright © 2008 Charles Hugh Smith .
All rights reserved in all media .
I would be honored if you linked this wEssay to your site , or printed a copy for your own use .
The Government suffered yet another setback in the Wesley Snipes case today , as U.S. District Judge William Terrell Hodges agreed to bail pending the appeal of his conviction on three misdemeanor tax fraud counts .
From the order :
Obviously , having denied the Defendants ' motions asserting the issues he intends to raise on appeal , the Court is dubious as to the " substantiality " of those issues for purposes of appellate review .
Nevertheless , the Court recognizes that the offenses of conviction are misdemeanor offenses , not felonies , and that the time required for the disposition of appeal may well equal -- or nearly equal -- the length of the term of commitment imposed .
Additionally , the Court is not repared to say that the issues on appeal are patently frivolous or asserted merely for purposes of delay .
[ Haskell - cafe ] announcing franchise 0.0
I 'm pleased to announce the existence ( not release , properly ) of franchise , a new configuration / build system for Haskell programs and packages .
Franchise =========
Franchise is a configuration and build system for Haskell projects .
The configure system employed in franchise is designed to be easily forward and backward compatible , meaning that you should n't need to change your Setup.hs file in order to compile with a new version of ghc , and if you * do * need to make a change in your Setup .hs file , it should n't force users who have an older version of franchise and / or ghc to upgrade either their compiler or their copy of franchise .
The latter goal is really only going to be realized if and when a stable version of franchise is released ... as it is currently is something of a pre-alpha state ( but useable , for instance , for compiling darcs ) .
One goal of franchise is to not require developers to provide redundant information .
For instance , you 've already listed all the modules you use , and ghc already knows which modules are present in which packages , so there 's in general no need for you to list the packages that you require , much less their versions .
This enhances both forwards and backwards compatibility , and just plain makes your life easier .
If a particular module is provided by more than one package , you may need to disambiguate , but that 's not the common case .
Perhaps also worth mentioning is that franchise supports parallel builds similar to make -j .
Currently the number of simultaneous builds is fixed at four .
Franchise does not , however , compute an optimized parallel build order , with the result that on the darcs repository a franchise build is a few percent slower than make - j4 .
Franchise is currently ghc - specific and wo n't run on Windows , but patches to extend either of these limitations would be welcome .
It also currently wo n't work when any flags contain space characters ( e.g. with -- prefix= " / home /user / My stuff " ) , but the fix for lack of space support is the same as the fix for Windows support , so far as I can tell .
The package name " franchise " stands for " Fun , relaxing and calming Haskell into Saturday evening . "
It is also something of an antonym of " cabal , " since " franchise " means the right to vote .
Which also fits in with the concept of allowing the code to decide on its own dependencies .
Franchise is made up of some pretty ugly code , with a small amount of pretty beautiful code .
But it was all code that was fun and relaxing to write .
It you want to have argumentative , stressful conversations , please do n't do so on the subject of fun , relaxing and calming code .
Note : franchise is almost entirely undocumented .
It does only export a couple of dozen functions , but still might be hard to learn to use .
This is because writing documentation is not as fun , relaxing or calming as writing Haskell .
Also , franchise is not yet at the stage where it 's likely to be useful to you without any features added , unless you 've got a very simple project , in which case you should be able to pretty easily copy and modify an existing franchise Setup .hs file .
To get franchise , run darcs get http://darcs.net/repos/franchise ( note that this will require darcs 2.0.0 )
To build and install franchise , simply execute runghc Setup .hs install -- user -- prefix=$HOME if you do n't want to actually install it , just run runghc Setup.hs build I think that 's all ( and obviously , in no particular order ) .
I hope you enjoy franchise , or if you do n't enjoy franchise , I hope you do n't tell me about it .
David Roundy P.S.
A franchise build file for darcs is included below .
This is a work - in - progress .
It does n't build the documentation , does n't allow the user to configure on the command - line which packages they want to use ( e.g. bytestring / curl / libwww ) and does n't build the Workaround .hs module which codes replacements for missing or broken library functions .
But it * is * able to build darcs , and if these features are added , it will be able to replace darcs ' configure and build system without loss of features or compatibility .
#!/usr/bin/runhaskell import Distribution .
Franchise configure = do findPackagesFor " src/darcs.lhs " addEnv " GHC_FLAGS " " - DPACKAGE_VERSION= \" 2.0.0 \ " " addEnv " GHC_FLAGS " " - O2 - Wall - Werror " addEnv " CFLAGS " " - DPACKAGE_VERSION= \" 2.0.0 \ " " -- look for libz checkLib " z " " zlib.h " " gzopen ( \" temp\ " , \" w\ " ) " -- look for libwww do systemOut " libwww - config " [ " -- cflags " ] >>= addEnv " CFLAGS " systemOut " libwww - config " [ " - - libs " ] >>= addEnv " LDFLAGS " addEnv " GHC_FLAGS " " - DHAVE_LIBWWW " putStrLn " Found libwww " `catch` \_ -> putStrLn
" Libwww is n't present ! " -- look for libcurl do systemOut " curl - config " [ " -- cflags " ] >>= add Env " GHC_FLAGS " systemOut " curl - config " [ " -- cflags " ] >>= addEnv " CFLAGS " systemOut " curl - config " [ " - - libs " ] >>= addEnv " LDFLAGS " addEnv " GHC_FLAGS " " - DHAVE_CURL " putStrLn " Found libcurl " `catch` \_ -> putStrLn " Libcurl is n't present ! " -- look for libcurses do checkLib " curses " " term.h " " tgetnum ( \" hello world \ " ) " checkLib " curses " " curses.h " " " addEnv " GHC_FLAGS " " - DHAVE_CURSES " `catch` \_ -> putStrLn " Could n't find libcurses . " -- look for http packages do requireModule " Network .
HTTP ( ) " addEnv " GHC_FLAGS " " - DHAVE_HTTP " `catch` \_ -> putStrLn " Could n't find http package . " findPackagesFor " src/darcs.lhs " main = build configure $ executable " darcs " " src/darcs.lhs " [ " src/c_compat.c " , " src/maybe_relink.c " , " src/atomic_create.c " , " src/fpstring.c " , " src/umask.c " , " src/hslibwww.c " , " src/ Crypt/sha2.c " , " src/hscurl.c " ] -- David Roundy Department of Physics Oregon State University
GenAge
A curated database of candidate human ageing - related genes and genes associated with longevity and / or ageing in model organisms .
Search human Search model organisms
GenDR
A curated database of genes associated with dietary restriction in model organisms either from genetic manipulation experiments or gene expression profiling .
Search gene manipulations Search gene expression
Longevity Map Database of human genetic variants associated with longevity .
Search genes / variants
CellAge Database of human genes associated with cellular senescence .
Search CellAge
Gene Expression Projects focused on gene expression profiling of ageing and of dietary manipulations of ageing , such as caloric restriction .
Genomes Information on developing genomic resources and methods for studying long - lived species .
Cancer Studies focused on cancer , in particular using genomics and bioinformatics approaches .
Understanding CSS
Positioning part 1
Without a doubt , positioning , or the layout , is the hardest part of CSS .
Not only because it ever so often varies between browsers , but also because CSS has a lot of ways to position an element , all with various ( dis ) advantages .
This series of articles will thrive to explain the possibilities you have in positioning .
It does n’t only cover positioning , but also properties that define layout such as display and float , and a preview of the new CSS3 layout modules .
This part will introduce the positioning and display property .
Part two , which will be published next week , will go more in - depth with the display attribute and delve into the float property .
The last part , published the week thereafter will be a preview to the new CSS3 layout modules .
Display : hehwha ? ;
Before we start , it is worth noting that there are basically two types of ways to display an element in CSS : block and inline .
Display : block ;
Block can be , quite literally , seen as a block .
It has a specified width and height , optionally controlled by its content , but dimensions set by CSS have prevalence .
Another property of elements with display : block is that they do not allow elements on the same “ line ” as their own .
So while an element might have a small width , The next element will always be placed under it .
So two simple divs with display block look like this :
Display : inline ;
Display : inline is somewhat the opposite .
Elements with display : inline always take their width and height from the contents , and will ignore any dimensions specified in the CSS .
( Internet Explorer will , incorrectly , let you do this .
Thanks NatalieMac ! )
Another opposite is that , as the name suggest , these elements are displayed in - line , so they will always be next to the preceding element , providing that the preceding element is inline as well and that there is enough width left .
If the width of the “ line ” is filled , an element with display : inline will wrap to the next line .
That looks like this :
That leaves display : none , which is really easy for me to explain : it does n’t display .
Which looks like … no I ’m sorry , I ’m not going to display images of nothing .
There is a multitude of other display : properties such as table and inline - block .
I ’ll talk about them in the second article , next week .
Flow
With positioning , the elusive “ Flow ” of CSS positioning comes into play .
The flow in CSS is the logical way in which elements get placed on your screen .
For example , when you turn off the CSS on this page , you see the HTML in its original order .
That order is the flow , and dictates which element gets rendered and placed where .
It ’s very simple : the flow of a page is from the top of the HTML to the bottom of it .
Positioning .
One of the most misunderstood properties of CSS .
This is partially because the display differs to wildly in different browsers , but also because the property is , in my opinion , misnamed .
It ’s not so much the position you declare , but in what way the element should interact with the elements around it .
Positioning also differs when you use the display property with it .
The way positioning and display interact is a bit tricky : position : static and position : relative can be both display : block and display : inline , while position : absolute and position : fixed ( and floats , more on that in the next article ) will always be displayed as block elements .
We ’ll start with the most simple positioning value , static .
Position : static ;
This is the basic positioning of an element and also the most simple one .
An element with position : static fills the space its contents need .
whether that is display : block or display : inline depends on the element ’s standard display ( for example , a < div > has display : block , while a < span > has display : inline ) or on what you specify in your CSS .
Offsetting ( using top , bottom , left and right ) does n’t do anything .
Position : relative ;
This value is very similar to position : static , with one vital difference :
While a rendered element does get the width and height of the element , it does n’t have to occupy the space designated for it .
The properties top , right , bottom and left allow you to shift it away from that space .
The offset here are the borders of the designated space .
So for example , an element with position : relative and top:20 px and left : 20 px ; looks like this :
Where the grey part is the designated space .
The elements next to it in flow use the designated space as the “ real ” place of the element .
So when you place a div right under the element pictured above , it looks like this :
See how the positioned element sits above the one below it ?
Position : absolute ;
Absolutely positioned elements are a very different beast altogether .
The biggest difference is that an absolutely positioned element gets taken out of the flow .
This means that it does n’t interact with other elements around it .
The elements around it pretend that the element just simply does n’t exist .
The top , right , bottom and left properties do something vitally different as well :
The control the offset from the first parent element that is positioned relatively or absolutely .
Unless you have elements in your CSS with position : relative , position : fixed or position : absolute , this is the root element , which is < html > .
In the specifications , this is called the “ initial containing block “ .
So an absolutely positioned element with top:20 px and left : 20 px within a relatively positioned element looks like this :
There are some problems with positioning absolutely , this article by paul ’OB describes them quite well .
A fun trick with position : absolute is defining top and bottom or left and right without defining , respectively , a height or width .
Since the standard value of those is auto , the element will size to fill the space .
Unfortunately this does not work in Internet Explorer .
Position : fixed ;
Fixed is somewhat of an unknown value , mostly because Internet Explorer 6 ( thanks Laura ! ) does not support it .
Fixed does essentially the same as position : absolute with one vital difference :
It does n’t take its offset from a parent element , but always from the viewport , your browser window .
This essentially means that , when you scroll , the element stays visible and does n’t move with the rest of the page .
Forever taunting your efforts from it ’s fixed positioning , smirking as your futile attempts to move it continue to fail …
Sorry , I got carried away there .
Anyway ,
Z-index
Another property coming into play with positioning is Z-index .
This property allows you control which absolutely , fixed or relatively positioned element is placed on top .
Z - index on any element without position : absolute , position : fixed or position : relative does nothing .
To understand Z- index , one bit of the specifications is rather important :
In CSS 2.1 , each box has a position in three dimensions .
In addition to their horizontal and vertical positions , boxes lie along a “ z - axis ” and are formatted one on top of the other .
The specifications
This is called “ Stacking ” , and a number of elements stacked on top of each other is called a “ stacking context ” .
I suggest you try not read the specifications on this , they are very technical and difficult to follow .
Worth noting though , is that every time you declare a Z - index , you create a new “ stacking context ” .
This essentially means that any element within the current element will use the parent ’s Z - index as a starting point .
This is better explained with the following example .
Using this CSS :
.relativeblock1 { position : relative ; width : 200 px ; height :80 px ; z - index : 51 ; } .absoluteblock1 { position : absolute ; left :10 px ; top:90 px ; width :40 px ; height :40 px ; z - index : 1 ; } .relativeblock2 { position : relative ; width : 200 px ; height :80 px ; z - index : 50 ; }
And this HTML :
< div class =" relativeblock1 " > < div class=" absoluteblock1 " ></div > </div > < div class=" relativeblock2 " ></div >
Then those two combined will give this image :
Can you see how , even though .relativeblock2 had a much higher z - index ( 50 ) , it is below .absoluteblock1 , which only has a z - index of 1 ?
This is because .relativeblock1 , with a z - index of 51 , made a new stacking context where the z -index of .absoluteblock1 can be seen as “ 51.1 ” .
For a more thorough explanation , read this article on stacking in CSS by Tim Kadlec or check Krijn Hoetmer ’s test case .
This concludes the first part of the series .
The next article in this series will be about floating and some of the more advanced uses of display .
See you next week !
Update : part two of Understanding CSS positioning is posted , check it out !
Hi , I 'm Kilian .
I make Polypane , the browser for responsive web development and design .
If you 're reading this site , that 's probably interesting to you .
Try it out !
AMSTETTEN , Austria ( Reuters ) - Austrian police sought answers on Tuesday on how a father managed to imprison a daughter in a windowless cellar for 24 years and have seven children by her without authorities and neighbors knowing .
Josef Fritzl , a 73 - year - old electrical engineer , had confessed to holding his daughter captive in what Austrian media have branded “ The House Of Horrors ” , police said on Monday .
The daughter and three of the children lived in the 60 square meter ( 645 sq ft ) cellar in Fritzl ’s nondescript two - storey home that officials said was no more than 1.7 meters ( 5 ft 6 in ) high and contained a padded cell .
A leading question was how what went on in the house , situated in a busy street with shops in the small industrial town of Amstetten , passed unnoticed for so long , particularly as Fritzl built extensions to the cellar .
Commentator Petra Stuiber wrote in Austria ’s Der Standard newspaper that what she termed a rich self - satisfied society needed to examine why it was allowed to occur .
“ How is it possible that nobody heard or saw anything ?
How can it be that nobody asked questions ? ” said Stuiber .
“ This is an appalling crime .
I know of no comparable case in Austria , ” said Franz Prucher , head of security in Lower Austria .
Photographs of the house showed a narrow passageway leading into other rooms that included a cooking area , with children ’s drawings on the walls , a sleeping area and a small bathroom with a shower .
Amstetten , situated in rolling hills about 130 km ( 80 miles ) west of Vienna , has a population of about 22,000 people .
KAMPUSCH CASE
The case first emerged on Sunday and shocked Austria less than two years after an Austrian teenager , Natascha Kampusch , escaped after being seized as a child and locked up in a basement for eight years .
Elisabeth Fritzl , 42 , says her father lured her into the cellar in 1984 and drugged and handcuffed her before imprisoning her .
Three of her children , aged 19 , 18 and 5 , had been locked up in the cellar with her since birth and had never seen sunlight .
The younger two were boys , the eldest a girl .
Slideshow ( 27 images )
Three other children -- two girls and one boy -- were adopted and brought up by Fritzl and his wife Rosemarie .
Police said Fritzl had admitted to burning the body of a seventh child in a furnace used to heat the building when it died soon after birth .
Fritzl , whom police described as “ dynamic , bossy and authoritarian ” , had hidden the entrance to the cell behind shelves and only he knew the code for the concrete door .
Slideshow ( 27 images )
The case unfolded when the 19 - year - old girl became seriously ill and was taken to hospital with severe cramp caused by lack of oxygen .
Doctors appealed for her mother to come forward to give details of her medical history .
Fritzl brought Elisabeth and her remaining two children out of the cellar , telling his wife their “ missing ” daughter had chosen to return home , police said .
Elisabeth agreed to make a thorough statement to the police after receiving assurances she would have no further contact with her father , who she said abused her from the age of 11 .
Police believe Josef ’s wife did not know what happened to her daughter when she disappeared in 1984 .
Fritzl had said Elisabeth had joined a sect and that she had left the children on the doorstep .
He forced Elisabeth to handwrite letters to prove his claims , said the police .
The North Street Neighborhood Association ( NSNA ) is a community organization devoted to maintaining the quality of life in the North Street area of Northampton , Massachusetts .
Our current priority is to preserve the size and quality of the woods between North Street and the bike trail , one of the few substantial stands of trees remaining in downtown Northampton .
See pictures of our woods on Flickr .
True , many of the seats were from the Northeast and Midwest , where the ideological gap can be manageable .
But others , like Representative Heath Shuler of North Carolina , are outliers when compared to the average Democratic member .
Now , Mr. Childers and Representative Don Cazayoux , a fellow newcomer from Louisiana , have the kind of conservative credentials that should put them to the right of the caucus .
And there are potentially more such lawmakers to come in November if Democrats are as successful as they hope they are .
Republicans say the push to protect Democrats in red and purple districts has been a significant factor in the running fight between the two parties over House procedure as Democrats have been reluctant to open the floor to Republican proposals .
“ I think their strategy both in 2006 and so far in 2008 has been a political strategy , not a governing strategy , ” Representative Roy Blunt of Missouri , the No. 2 Republican in the House , said of Democrats .
“ You find candidates who can get elected in areas where they do n’t agree with what the Democratic Party nationally wants to do .
And then they get here and either ca n’t be a part of it or have to be put in such tight constraints that there can be no amendments offered on the floor by the other side . ”
“ That is part of why nothing happened last year that the majority said would happen , ” Mr. Blunt said .
He was referring to the fact that in the 2006 campaign , Ms. Pelosi and her leadership team promised to treat the new Republican minority better than they had been treated by heavy handed Republican leaders during 12 years of minority exile .
But the fuller minority participation never materialized .
And when Republicans were given a chance , they proved extremely adept at using procedural tactics votes to corner potentially vulnerable Democrats into embarrassing votes .
So Democrats tightened the rules even more , sparking the fight on the Iraq spending bill that left Republicans howling they had been denied even the most basic involvement .
This intramural ideological divide is not a new problem for Congressional Democrats .
Back in the days before the 1994 Republican revolution , Congressional Democrats were always split between the traditional liberal big-city wing of the party and Southern boll weevil Democrats who never met a defense project they did n’t like or a social reform initiative they did .
01 Many theories and conspiracies stated that there were some internal reasons behind the attack .
Many experts proposed theories in support of their case .
Some of these conspiracy theorists were able to make their case , and some could not .
02 Greed is a factor that can make any human do anything in this world .
Some of the theorists believe that money could be a factor that could have inspired the big players of the market .
In the days leading up to the 9/11 , there was an increase in the put - to - call ratio for United Airlines and American Airlines .
03 NORAD is the agency that deals with internal security of the airspace .
They have the authority and power to destroy or tail any hijacked plane in the American airspace .
On the morning of the attacks , NORAD told their planes to stand down even when they could have prevented the collision of the planes with the Pentagon and Twin Towers .
A cyclist rides along a bicycle lane in Beijing November 19 , 2007 .
Canadians will be offered bicycles , public transit passes or cash if they agree to scrap their old gas - guzzling vehicles , the government said on Wednesday .
REUTERS / Claro Cortes IV
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) - Canadians will be offered bicycles , public transit passes or cash if they agree to scrap their old gas - guzzling vehicles , the government said on Wednesday .
Ottawa says five million of the 18 million cars and trucks in Canada were made before 1996 , when tougher emissions standards were introduced .
The older vehicles produce about 19 times more pollutants than newer models , the government said .
The Conservative government , heavily criticized for effectively abandoning the Kyoto protocol on climate change , is keen to show it is doing something to curb emissions and protect the environment .
Whether the program catches on outside major cities is another matter .
Canada is the world ’s second largest country with a relatively underdeveloped public transit network .
The National Vehicle Scrappage Program will be up and running by January 2009 .
Other incentives include C$ 300 ( $ 297 ) in cash , membership in a car - sharing program or a rebate on the purchase of a new vehicle .
Ottawa will spend C$ 92 million over four years to fund the program .
( $ 1= $ 1.01 Canadian )
The BBC's Middle East Editor , Jeremy Bowen , looks at increasing speculation that Iran may come under attack because of its nuclear programme .
The debate on Iran 's nuclear intentions is heating up again , as is talk of attack Last December American intelligence agencies said they had " high confidence " that in late 2003 Iran had stopped trying to build nuclear weapons .
That seemed to end much of the talk about an American - or Israeli - attempt to destroy the facilities that Iran has developed for what it insists is a purely peaceful nuclear programme .
Plenty of influential people in the Middle East , Europe and the United States think an attack on Iran would have consequences potentially as disastrous as the invasion of Iraq in 2003 .
It would also send oil prices , already through the roof , into orbit .
But the talk has started again .
Negotiations with Iran - and sanctions against it - have not stopped it enriching uranium , which its critics say is being done to make a bomb .
In one of his first acts after he secured the Democratic nomination for president of the US , Senator Barack Obama told Aipac , America 's most powerful pro-Israel lobby , that he would do everything in his power to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon .
He repeated the word " everything " several times .
Even allowing for the fact that he was also trying to dispel the impression that he was soft on Iran , it was strong language .
End of term The American National Intelligence Estimate that was published in December 2007 was more nuanced than some of the headlines suggested .
It had only " moderate confidence " that Tehran had not restarted its nuclear weapons program by the summer of 2007 , and said " we do not know whether it currently intends to develop nuclear weapons " .
Israel , among others , has never accepted that Iran has stopped trying to build them .
The international community has a duty and responsibility to clarify to Iran , through drastic measures , that the repercussions of their continued pursuit of nuclear weapons will be devastating
Ehud Olmert Nuclear crisis refuses to go quiet Q&A : Iran and the nuclear issue
Ehud Olmert , Israel 's prime minister , has been in Washington this week .
The day before Senator Obama addressed Aipac , Mr Olmert used some of his toughest public language yet about Iran to the same audience .
" The international community has a duty and responsibility to clarify to Iran , through drastic measures , that the repercussions of their continued pursuit of nuclear weapons will be devastating , " he said .
The speculation is that President George W Bush and Prime Minister Olmert want to remove what they believe is a clear and present danger before they face their own political oblivion .
Mr Bush is finishing his time at the White House still dogged by the disaster of Iraq - and Mr Olmert faces disgrace over allegations of corruption .
' Dangerous conflict '
The talk has alarmed , among others , the former German Foreign Minister , Joshka Fischer .
Germany has , with the five permanent members of the UN Security Council , taken the lead in talks with Iran about its nuclear plans .
Iran must understand that without a diplomatic solution in the coming months , a dangerous military conflict is very likely to erupt
Joshka Fischer
Former German FM
He wrote in the Israeli daily Haaretz this week that Messrs Bush and Olmert seem to have been planning to end the Iranian nuclear programme " by military , rather than by diplomatic means " .
Mr Fischer fears that the Middle East is drifting towards a new great confrontation in 2008 .
" Iran must understand that without a diplomatic solution in the coming months , a dangerous military conflict is very likely to erupt .
It is high time for serious negotiations to begin , " he said .
Scenario
One scenario being discussed by Israeli analysts is that there could be an attack , by Israel or by the Americans , after the US election in November and before the new president is inaugurated in January , with the tacit consent of the incoming president .
That might be easier if it is Senator Obama 's Republican rival John McCain .
During the campaign for his party 's nomination , he once sang " bomb bomb bomb , bomb bomb Iran " to the tune of the Beachboys ' classic Barbara Ann .
In a less jocular moment , he said that the only thing worse than attacking Iran would be to allow it to have nuclear weapons .
Some pro-Israeli US analysts are arguing that Iran 's response to an attack would not be as harsh as many have predicted .
This week Iran 's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei repeated that Iran did not want nuclear weapons .
But he said it would continue to develop nuclear energy for daily life .
Those who have made their minds up about Iran are more likely to listen to Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who has once again predicted Israel 's doom .
None of this means an attack on Iran is coming .
But it is being discussed , and that is significant .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Top 10 : Italian Talk Show Babes
Everyone knows that Italy is famous for its ample production of opera singers , soccer players and gangsters , but did you know that they also pump out some of the hottest television personalities in the world ?
In fact , Italian talk shows are renowned for their raciness and some of the girls who appear on them — and some of the things they do on them — would simply put Rosie and Ellen to shame .
Most of these girls are dating or married to Italian celebrities , but do n’t worry , in this segment we ’re going to ignore the footballers and tenors and focus instead on the top 10 Italian talk show babes .
To be fair , some of these girls might not host their own shows , but they all have appeared on one , usually to the delight of men in the audience and at home .
We know a lot of you might , after scanning this list , be disappointed not to find Maria Grazia Cucinotta mentioned , but she is primarily known as an actress and , therefore , does n’t qualify .
( However , due to her regular television appearances — and the fact that she ’s incredibly hot — she gets a mention anyway ) .
These Italian talk show babes may be relatively unknown outside their own country , but take a look and then ask yourself if anyone could argue that these are n’t some of the hottest women in the world ?
We think you ’ll find the answer is that no matter where they 're from , they 're still some of the hottest women on TV .
Bus services across America are spending a fortune on driver - side kill - switches for busses that have been hijacked by terrorists that can stop them or slow them to five miles per hour .
This is to stop terrorist from ramming busses into buildings .
So now , I suppose , terrorists will have to content themselves with activating the kill - switch signals to make every bus on every freeway in America slam to a stop all at once , causing massive fatalities and snarling the nation 's traffic in a weeks - long , gory jam .
Nice one , movie - plot - fighters !
Private bus companies have received millions of dollars from the Department of Homeland Security for the security systems .
It costs $ 1,500 to equip each bus , with $ 50 - per- bus monthly maintenance costs .
Gray Line double - decker tourist buses and Coach USA have spent hundreds of thousands of dollars in federal funds to install 3,000 devices .
After receiving a $ 124,000 federal grant , DeCamp Bus Lines is installing the device on its 80 commuter buses , which travel routes from northern New Jersey to the Port Authority Bus Terminal in Midtown .
New Jersey Transit is currently in the process of equipping all of its roughly 3,000 buses with the technology .
NJ Transit Chief of Police Joseph Bober said : " This enhanced technology helps us protect our bus drivers and customers .
It 's another proactive tool to protect our property , employees and customers . "
Link
( via Schneier )
" Pearls of the Orient " is the title given to the 35th edition of Pirelli Calendar , shot for the first time in China ( and entirely in Shanghai ) features eight Western fashion top models and three Chinese beauty among which actress Maggie Cheung .
Also for the first time ever , the calendar gets a more innocent , graceful look , a disappointment maybe to those who expected the usual images of the past Pirellis and a joy for art photography 's fans .
Patrick Demarchelier , a legendary name in fashion and art photography , took once again the task of creating 12 visual stories , after the 2005 edition of Pirelli Calendar shot in Brazil .
And he carries it out quite brilliantly .
His impressive career includes collaboration with top fashion magazines : Vogue ( American , French and British publications ) , Harper 's Bazaar and Vanity Fair .
In 1989 he became , by request , Princess Diana 's official photographer .
He also shot for fashion and beauty campaigns including top brands such as : Chanel , Ralph Lauren , Versace , Louis Vuitton , Armani , Guerlain , Lancome .
At the present , Patrick lives with his family in New York , recently signed a contract with Conde Nast trust and is planning solo art photography exhibitions in cities like Moscow , Paris , London and Brazil .
images credit www.pirellical.com
As Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton race around Ohio and Texas for tomorrow 's primaries , they are telling a tale of economic woe .
Yet the real story is n't how similar the two states are economically but how different .
Texas has been prospering while Ohio lags , and the reasons are instructive about what works and what does n't in economic policy .
There 's no doubt times are tough in Ohio .
The state has lost 200,000 manufacturing jobs since 2000 , home foreclosures are soaring , and real family income is lower now than in 2000 .
Meanwhile , the Texas economy has boomed since 2004 , with nearly twice the rate of new job creation as the rest of the nation .
The nearby table compares the states over a decade or so .
Let 's start with the fact that Texas 's growth puts the lie to the myth that free trade costs American jobs .
Anti-Nafta rhetoric does n't play well in El Paso , San Antonio and Houston , which have become gateway cities for commerce with Latin America and have flourished since the North American Free Trade Agreement passed Congress in 1993 .
Mr. Obama 's claim of one million lost jobs due to trade deals is laughable in Texas , the state most affected by Nafta .
Texas has gained 36,000 manufacturing jobs since 2004 and has ranked as the nation 's top exporting state for six years in a row .
Its $ 168 billion of exports in 2007 translate into tens of thousands of jobs .
Ohio , Indiana and Michigan are losing auto jobs , but many of these " runaway plants " are not fleeing to China , Mexico or India .
They 've moved to more business - friendly U.S. states , including Texas .
GM recently announced plans for a new plant to build hybrid cars .
Guess where ?
Near Dallas .
In 2006 the Lone Star State exported $ 5.5 billion of cars and trucks to Mexico and $ 2.4 billion worth to Canada .
Ohio Governor Ted Strickland , a Democrat who supports Mrs. Clinton , blames his state 's problems on President Bush .
But Ohio's economy has been struggling for years , and most of its wounds are self - inflicted .
Ohio now ranks 47th out of 50 in economic competitiveness , according to the American Legislative Exchange Council .
Ohio politicians deplore plant closings even as they impose the third highest corporate income tax in the country ( 10.5 % ) and the sixth highest personal income tax ( 8.87 % ) .
A common joke is that Ohio lays out the red carpet for companies -- when they leave the state .
By contrast , Texas has no income tax , a huge competitive advantage .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Consumers cut their spending in February and the labor market continued to weaken , suggesting the pillar that had supported the economy ’s expansion may be giving way .
Shoppers look at electronics in a store in New York 's Time 's Square November 23 , 2007 .
Retail sales plunged 0.6 percent in February , the Commerce Department said on Thursday in a report that showed a worried consumer as the economy dramatically slowed .
REUTERS / Brendan McDermid
Retail sales unexpectedly fell 0.6 percent last month , while the ranks of workers remaining on state unemployment benefit rolls hit the highest level in nearly two and a half years in the final week of February , government reports on Thursday showed .
Now , the growing credit crunch that has wreaked havoc on Wall Street is settling in on Main Street .
On this front , U.S. home foreclosure filings in February edged down from January but were a whopping 60 percent higher than a year earlier , real estate data firm RealtyTrac said on Thursday .
The surge in foreclosures from a year earlier indicated that the cycle has yet to hit its peak , the firm said .
Consumers , who fuel roughly two - thirds of U.S. economic growth , held back on spending in a wide range of areas amid surging food and energy costs and a decline in wealth as home values tumbled .
“ This is a downward spiral consistent with a recession , ” said Kurt Karl , chief economist at Swiss RE in New York .
“ Because consumer prices are so elevated , we ’re seeing the hits on the consumer .
They ca n’t finance it and we ’ve got a credit market crunch . ”
Many Wall Street firms believe the economy is already in recession .
The chairman and chief executive of JPMorgan , Jamie Dimon , on Wednesday warned that further deterioration in the housing market , which is suffering the worst performance since the Great Depression , is expected and will be unprecedented .
“ Financial conditions are getting more extreme , ” Dimon said , adding that more is needed from the Federal Reserve and the Bush administration to ease the growing financial crisis .
The dismal data left Wall Street analysts all but certain the Fed will reduce interest rates by 75 basis points by Tuesday , when the U.S. central bank ’s next policy meeting is scheduled .
The dollar continued on its downward spiral , sinking to its lowest level against the yen in more than a decade and a record low against the euro .
Prices for government debt held steady at higher levels on the expectations for weaker interest rates and U.S. stocks tumbled as the weaker - than - expected retail sales data stoked fears of a recession .
Economists were expecting a 0.2 percent rise in retail sales after an upwardly revised 0.4 percent gain in January .
Excluding autos , sales fell 0.2 percent in February , a weaker reading than the 0.2 percent gain economists had forecast .
The White House was quick to try and allay concerns among consumers about the economy ’s prospects .
“ The big message is that you can have confidence in the long - term future of our economy .
We are going to see the benefits of the tax release and the economic growth package coming on line , ” said White House spokesman Tony Fratto .
U.S. regulators , in a review of capital markets released on Thursday , recommended higher capital requirements for investment houses and better disclosure of risky investments .
The report also outlined new consumer protections for the mortgage lending industry .
The latest government report on consumer spending added evidence that housing and credit troubles have spread more broadly into the economy .
Excluding gasoline , building materials and autos , spending was flat after a 0.3 percent gain in January , showing a damaged economy well beyond the weakened housing and credit markets .
“ The slowdown that we know is happening in the banks has manifested itself on Main Street , ” said Joe Francomano , vice president for foreign exchange at Erste Bank in New York .
LABOR MARKET WEAKENS
A separate report showed the U.S. labor market was still weakening .
The number of U.S. workers applying for unemployment benefits was unchanged last week at 353,000 , slightly below expectations .
However , the number of unemployed remaining on jobless aid at the end of February was the highest in nearly two and a half years , the Labor Department said .
While consumers have begun cutting back on spending , it was a somewhat different story at businesses .
Stockpiles of goods at U.S. businesses rose in January by the biggest amount since 2006 and sales experienced their largest increase in nearly a year , a separate Commerce Department report showed on Thursday .
The stock - to - sales ratio , which measures how long it would take to empty inventories at the current pace , dropped to 1.25 months ’ worth from 1.26 months in December , matching a record low set in November .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) --
The foreclosure problems sweeping the United States apparently have ensnared Ed McMahon , who is best known as Johnny Carson 's sidekick on " The Tonight Show . "
The Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday that McMahon was $ 644,000 in arrears on a $ 4.8 million loan for a home in Beverly Hills , California .
McMahon 's spokesman , Howard Bragman , confirmed to CNN late Tuesday that McMahon is in discussions with his lender and hopes to find a resolution .
The newspaper reported that ReconTrust , a division of Countrywide Financial ( CFC , Fortune 500 ) , filed a notice of default related to a loan for McMahon 's house in Los Angeles County Recorder 's Court on Feb. 28 .
It said his house has been on the market for about two years .
Nationally , one of every 194 U.S. households received a foreclosure filing in the first three months of 2008 , according to recent figures from RealtyTrac .
There were nearly 650,000 foreclosure filings -- which include notices of default , auction sales and bank repossessions -- issued during the first quarter of 2008 .
That 's up 23 % from the last quarter of 2007 , and up a staggering 112 % from the same period a year ago .
Foreclosures increased in 46 states and in 90 of the nation 's 100 largest metro areas .
More than 156,000 families have lost their homes to bank repossessions this year .
John McCain may have it easier than he expected today when he commandeers the podium at CPAC this afternoon .
Conservatives from all over will predictably fill the room to the brim to listen to what the now GOP front - runner has to say , despite a hate / love relationship with the guy .
CPAC it seems , is directing its loyal goers to not boo McCain .
They must be more excited that McCain has finally signed on to appear after years of snubs than they want to let on .
During registration last night at the Omni Shoreham a registrant was asking to upgrade his CPAC package and then proceeded to ask what time GOP front - runner John McCain was going to speak today .
“ Oh good , ” he said to the response — answer : 3 p.m. today — “ I hope they boo him out of the room . ”
“ No , no no no no ” came the reply from the person registering him .
“ We ’ve been instructed to tell participants not to boo McCain . ”
“ Are you kidding me ? ” the shocked CPAC - goer asked .
“ Well , we want to seem above Democrats and we do n’t want the booing to be the story , ” the CPAC person declared .
When asked for a response , CPAC's Ian Walters told us : “ We would hope that our folks would be polite and give him a fair opportunity to be heard . ”
comments closed
permalink
I am writing this in our autumn , once Tasmania 's most beautiful season .
But the china - blue skies are now nicotine scummed , as smoke from the burning of old - growth forest floats over Hobart , an inescapable reminder that the destruction of ancient woodland - like no other in the world - is accelerating .
In Tasmania , an island the size of Ireland whose primeval forests astonished 19th - century Europeans , an incomprehensible ecological tragedy is being played out .
Recent calls from Britain to boycott Tasmanian goods and tourism are not going to end logging .
But in an Australian election year , with the forests emerging as a major issue , they form part of a chorus of international condemnation that shows Australians that the forests are not just a natural resource , but are globally significant wild lands .
Rainforest is being clearfelled and then burnt with napalm .
The world 's tallest hardwood trees , eucalyptus regnans , are being reduced to mud and ash .
And the monocultural plantations that replace the old growths soak up so much groundwater that rivers are drying up .
Compound 1080 , a lethal poison , is laid to kill off native animals that might graze plantation seedlings .
In the resulting slaughter , wallabies , kangaroos , possums , and protected species such as wombats , bettongs and potoroos , die in slow agony .
The survival of extraordinary creatures such as the giant Tasmanian freshwater crayfish - the largest in the world - is in doubt because of logging .
Scientists warn that numerous insect species still unrecorded are disappearing in the conflagration .
Local people are finding their water contaminated with atrazine , a potent weedkiller .
Logging is an industry driven solely by greed .
It prospers with government support and subsidies , and it is accelerating its rate of destruction , so that Tasmania is now the largest hardwood chip exporter in the world .
And Gunns , the largest logging company in Australia with a monopoly in Tasmania , is making record profits selling these forests as woodchips , which are in turn made into paper and cardboard .
But the woodchippers are destroying not only Tasmania 's natural heritage , but also its parliament , its polity , its media and its society .
The close relationship which leading Tasmanian politicians enjoy with Gunns , goes beyond sizeable donations to both major parties ; it has given rise to a political culture of bullying , cronyism and threats , a culture that allowed the state 's electoral system , under a 1997 Liberal - Labour deal , to be altered to minimise Green representation .
Because of the forest battle , a subtle fear has entered Tasmanian public life ; it stifles dissent and is conducive to the abuse of power .
To question or to comment is to invite the possibility of ostracism and unemployment .
The reality , relentlessly denied with lies , is that logging old growth brings neither wealth nor jobs to impoverished rural communities .
Most wealth made out of woodchips flows out of the state ; less than 15 % of Gunns ' profits stay in Tasmania , which remains the poorest Australian state .
Contrary to the government 's claim that 10,000 jobs depend on old - growth logging , John Gay , Gunns ' managing director , recently admitted that only 480 jobs were at stake .
However , the giving away of such an extraordinary resource does threaten Tasmania 's broader economic prospects .
Key industries in which job growth is concentrated , such as tourism and fine foods and wines , trade as much on the island 's pristine image as they do on the products they sell , and there is growing concern at the damage being done to Tasmania 's name by images of smouldering forest .
Since woodchipping began 32 years ago , Tasmanians have watched as one extraordinary place after another has been sacrificed .
Beautiful places , holy places , lost not only to them , but for ever .
They overwhelmingly want the practice of old - growth logging ended - Wilderness Society polls show that 69 % of Tasmanians are opposed to the practice .
But with both major political parties in Tasmania as one in their rigid support of Gunns and old - growth logging , Tasmanians cannot stop this coalition of greed and power from within their island .
Change can only be brought about by the Australian government , and it will only act when the issue becomes one of inescapable national shame .
Of course it can be argued that the destruction of one more unique piece of our natural world , while regrettable , is small change next to the horror of Madrid , or the tragedy of Iraq .
But in the lineaments of the struggle in a distant island , it is possible to see a larger battle , the same battle the world over - that between truth and power .
Günter Grass , writing of Tasmania 's forests , has described their destruction as an aspect of the same attitude that led to Nazi book - burnings .
Could it be that , when all our skies appear to be darkening , the great forests of Tasmania are a symbol of hope for us all ?
· Richard Flanagan 's most recent novel is Gould 's Book of Fish
jane.novak@macmillan.com.au
Photo : Max Whittaker for The New York Times
related
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
The pod of the kola nut ( photo by Bob Walker )
In April 1985 , it is rumored that a collection of executives gathered at their corporate headquarters for an emergency meeting .
On the table before them sat six small canisters which had been smuggled from their chief competitor ’s manufacturing plant .
Inside the metal cylinders lurked a secret compound which represented the next strike in a long - running war : an altered version of their rival ’s incredibly successful Merchandise 7X .
The substance was scheduled to be released upon the public within mere days , and these men had assembled to assess the threat .
They were aware that billions of dollars were at stake , but the true power of the revised chemistry was beyond their reckoning .
Ultimately , the contents of these canisters would plunge the United States into a surreal turmoil the likes of which had never before been seen .
The 72 ounces of fluid were portioned into sampling containers and passed around the room with earnest resolve .
Each man inspected his sample by ingesting it orally , then smacking his tongue to allow the solution full access to his taste buds .
The men ’s impressions were mixed , yet the Pepsi officials were forced to acknowledge that this “ New Coke ” represented a serious threat .
Today , the New Coke debacle of 1985 is usually looked upon as a blunder of monumental proportions ; however the ill - fated reformulation ultimately became one of the most fortuitous and informative failures in human history .
The story of Coca - Cola ’s infamous reformulation began some ten years earlier , in 1975 .
Pepsi ’s plucky marketing department began erecting Pepsi Challenge booths in shopping centers around the United States , and passers - by were presented with two shrouded cola cans .
Each participant was invited to sample each unmarked soda and indicate his or her preference .
Although the statistics varied by region , tasters generally pointed to Pepsi about 12 % more often .
Coca -Cola dismissed these tests as unscientific claptrap , yet when they reproduced the experiment internally they obtained the same distressing results .
Owing to the effectiveness of the Pepsi Challenge , Coke ’s domination dwindled in the $ 25 - billion - per - year soft drink industry .
By 1983 the clash of the cola colossuses had cost millions in marketing , as well as the lives of two cola - war soldiers in Thailand .
Despite outspending Pepsi by almost $ 100 million annually , Coke ’s market share fell from 60 % to 22 % .
As the gap closed , Pepsi braced for drastic action from its archrival , but none anticipated that Coca - Cola would be rash enough to abandon its century - old , $ 5.5 - billion - per - year cola recipe⁠ — one of history ’s most profitable products .
Sometime in late 1984 or early 1985 , Coca - Cola ’s CEO Roberto Goizueta called his minions into action .
He initiated Project Kansas , a clandestine operation to undermine his cola - war adversaries .
Chemists working in Coca - Cola ’s laboratory were commanded to reconfigure the mysterious Merchandise 7X , a secret cocktail of coca leaf extract , kola nut extract , vanilla , citrus oils , cinnamon , coriander , nutmeg , and other seasonings .
The company also chose to completely abandon conventional sugar in favor of high fructose corn syrup ( HFCS ) , an easy - to - handle but unnatural alternative which would give the mutant Cokes a much longer shelf life .
The use of HFCS also reduced production costs , since corn products are artificially cheap in the US due to farm subsidies , while sugar is disproportionately pricey owing to import tariffs .
Once the company chemists delivered the atypical Cokes , a series of secret human experiments were undertaken .
The abnormal formulas were inflicted upon focus groups , and although most variations were met with indifference , one sweeter formulation showed some promise .
In blind taste tests , it was favored about 8 % more often than Pepsi , and about 20 % more than original - recipe Coke .
When participants were asked whether they would drink Coca - Cola if it were modified to use this new formula , most responded positively .
However about 11 % of the samplers ⁠ — even some who preferred the new flavor in the blind tests ⁠ — were hostile to the idea .
They were astonished that the soft - drink juggernaut would have the audacity to tinker with the American - as - bald - eagle - pie beverage .
This indignation was so potent that it exerted indirect peer pressure within the focus groups , thereby contaminating the results ; but Coke experimenters were quick to detect and correct the effect .
After $ 4 million in research and almost 200,000 consumer interviews , CEO Roberto Goizueta was convinced that Merchandise 7X - 100 was the formula they had been searching for .
Upon his order , the reformulation was afoot .
“ The New Taste of Coca - Cola ” was scheduled to be unleashed upon the unsuspecting citizens of the world on 23 April 1985 .
On the eve of that fateful announcement , Coca - Cola officials met with their bottlers in a private gathering .
They disclosed their intent to make the first major change to the Coke formula since cocaine was eliminated by switching to “ spent ” coca leaves in 1903 .
“ Now we ’re back in the ballgame , ” Goizueta proclaimed , stirring his audience into a heartfelt standing ovation .
Little did they know that Pepsi officials were privy to their plans , and already orchestrating a counterattack .
The next day , Roberto Goizueta and Coca - Cola president Donald Keough sat before a large gathering of reporters alongside the redesigned Coke cans .
As the photographers ’ reflex lenses snapped their mechanical kisses , the executives announced that the “ Real Thing ” was now even … realer .
Unbeknownst to Goizueta and Keough , informants from Pepsi had tipped off certain members of the press and equipped them with armor- piercing questions .
Other reporters had learned of the news by reading the morning New York Times , where a full - page Pepsi ad declared victory in the cola wars .
The barrage of antagonizing questions left Goizueta flustered , as was evident when he was asked to describe the New Coke taste .
He responded , “ I would say it ’s smoother , uh , uh , yet , uh , rounder yet , uh , bolder . ”
According to some reports , beads of water formed on his forehead and rolled down his cheeks , indicating either anxiety , or a capacity to quench even the most powerful thirst .
When another reporter asked whether Diet Coke would be reformulated if New Coke was a success , he testily replied , “ This is a success . ”
Roberto Goizueta and Donald Keough toasting New Coke
At first , Goizueta ’s surly synopsis proved accurate .
The company ’s stock went up upon the announcement , and sales improved by 8 % in the first few weeks .
Surveys indicated that an impressive 75 % of consumers were happy with New Coke , and would buy it again .
Pepsi chemists hastily assembled their own new - and - improved product dubbed Pepsi Supreme , and company executives kept an anxious finger poised over the “ release ” button .
If New Coke encroached too drastically into Pepsi ’s sales , this option of mutually assured destruction would remain as a last resort .
On television , Bill Cosby informed audiences that “ The incredible has happened , the impossible has become a reality …
Coke actually tastes better than ever before ! ”
Within a few weeks , however , unpleasant sentiments began to ooze from the unpredictable public .
There was a segment of the population⁠ — about 11 % , strangely enough⁠ — who disliked New Coke with such enthusiasm that their complaints and harsh editorials began to disintegrate public approval .
New Coke became a vehicle for large - scale informational conformity , the human tendency to unconsciously adjust one ’s opinions to correlate with the outspoken views of the social group .
( Informational conformity was first formally documented by Dr Muzafer Sherif in 1935 , when he placed a group of subjects in a dark room with a single point of light in the distance .
He asked them to estimate how much the light moved around , and although each person perceived a different amount of movement , most of them relinquished their own estimates to conform to the predominant guesses within the group .
In reality , the light had not been moving at all ; it only appeared to move because of the autokinetic effect , a quirk in visual perception where a bright point of light in complete darkness will appear to wander .
It is thought that this imagined movement occurs due to the lack of a fixed visual reference point , and it may be the cause of many nighttime UFO sightings . )
Original Coke soon vanished from stores as the scarce resource was stockpiled by entrepreneurs and desperate consumers .
The Coca -Cola corporate offices became a delta of animosity at the mouth of a river of angry phone calls and letters .
One distressed customer said , “ There are only two things in my life : God and Coca - Cola .
Now you have taken one of those things away from me . ”
In a fit of misplaced patriotism , some even likened the alteration of Coke to spitting on the flag .
Baffled company officials hired a psychologist to listen to the customer complaints , and he pointed out that many of the customers spoke as one does when discussing a deceased relative .
When ads for New Coke appeared on the scoreboard at the Houston Astrodome , spectators suspended their bellows of enthusiasm to issue bellows of disapproval .
Even Cuban president Fidel Castro decried the revisions to his favorite soft drink , citing it as yet another example of capitalist decadence .
In an oft - told and possibly apocryphal anecdote , a woman in Georgia assaulted a Coca - Cola delivery man while he stocked a grocery shelf with New Coke .
“ You bastard ! ” she screamed while bludgeoning him with an umbrella , “ you ruined it ⁠— it tastes like shit ! ”
The national frenzy reached a bizarre crescendo when a man named Gay Mullins , founder of the Old Cola Drinkers of America , attempted to file a lawsuit to force the Coca - Cola company to restore the 99 - year - old original flavor .
Federal District Judge Walter McGovern rejected the lawsuit , taking the trouble to point out that he preferred Pepsi .
On 11 July 1985 , news reporter Peter Jennings interrupted General Hospital for a special news bulletin : After a mere 79 day furlough , the original - recipe Coke was back on the market as “ Coca - Cola Classic . ”
Virtually every major newspaper in the United States carried the announcement on their front page , and on the floor of the US Senate , David Pryor observed the event as “ a meaningful moment in US history . ”
In spite of their embarrassment , Coke was quick to claim credit as part of the “ fabric of America , ” stating that their cola ’s value was as immeasurable as “ love , pride , or patriotism . ”
However the large - scale turmoil revealed more about human nature than it did about brown sugar - water .
In retrospect , some marketers believe that the failure of New Coke may have had something to do with sensation transference , a human oddity first described by Louis Cheskin in the 1940s .
Cheskin demonstrated that people will unconsciously associate imagery , sounds , tastes , aromas , and textures into their general impression of a product , even if such associations are unintended or inaccurate .
These sensory inputs create a halo effect which actually modifies flavor perception , so while cola drinkers may have preferred the new Coke formula , they may have disliked the “ taste ” of the redesigned packaging .
Even Gay Mullins ⁠ — the man who tried to sue to restore the old flavor⁠ — showed a preference for New Coke when subjected to blind taste tests .
If Coca - Cola had changed their recipe but retained the familiar branding , New Coke and its taste - test - winning flavor might have been more acceptable to our primitive brains .
Sensation transference was also powerfully demonstrated in a 2007 experiment , in which preschoolers were given McDonald ’s menu items in both branded and plain wrappers .
Although the foods were identical aside from their wrappings , the children said they preferred the taste of the McDonald ’s - branded burgers , carrots , and apple juice in the vast majority of tests .
The advertising and consumer research industries gleaned some vital lessons from Coca - Cola ’s high - profile failure , particularly with respect to social conformity in marketing .
The 11 % segment of alienated consumers proved to be a formidable force in shaping the public ’s perception , an effect which Coke had observed but ignored in its focus groups .
Marketing professionals also noted that New Coke ’s success in taste tests may have been due to the small servings offered to tasters .
In his book Blink , Malcolm Gladwell points out that such “ sip tests ” could produce a systemic bias towards sweeter drinks , since small samples would prevent the drinker from reaching the sickly - sweet threshold .
Gay Mullins , president of the Old Cola Drinkers of America
Regardless of people ’s reasons for rejecting New Coke , Pepsi capitalized on the fiasco by mocking Coke ’s waffling .
Coca -Cola executives looked on helplessly as Pepsi ’s sales surpassed those of Coke , giving Pepsi a comfortable lead in the beverage business .
But then the incredible happened , and the impossible became a reality : over several months the restoration of the original recipe completely reversed the river of loathing , and the public engaged in a wholesale love - fest for Coca - Cola .
They re-embraced the beverage they had taken for granted , and by the end of the year Coke Classic sales were outpacing Pepsi by a considerable margin .
Coca - Cola then became , and has since remained , the most profitable soft drink in the world .
The “ marketing blunder of the century ” was so successful , in fact , that some people are convinced that New Coke Was an Inside Job⁠ — a delicately engineered gambit to revitalize the brand .
As Coca - Cola president Donald Keough put it , “ Some critics will say Coca - Cola made a marketing mistake .
Some cynics will say we planned the whole thing .
The truth is we are not that dumb and we are not that smart . ”
Coca -Cola truthers have also suggested that New Coke was a disposable facade intended to mask the transition from sugar to HFCS .
While it is true that the reborn Coca - Cola Classic used HFCS as the exclusive sweetener , many US Coke bottlers had made the switch several years prior to the New Coke announcement .
Because the multi-million - dollar New Coke catastrophe was ultimately a financial success , no one at Coke was fired over the debacle .
A disgruntled Cosby , however , ended his relationship with Coca - Cola .
He complained that his pro-New - Coke commercials had damaged his credibility , and he retreated to the relative safety of pudding .
New Coke gradually faded into obscurity , reappearing briefly in the early 1990s as “ Coke II . ”
With the final collapse of the New Coke regime , a number of cans of the troublesome liquid are still unaccounted for .
According to sketchy reports , it can still be found in a handful of smaller countries , including the island of Yap in Micronesia , and the Samoan islands .
Roberto Goizueta never expressed any regret regarding the reformulation ; in fact , people who were close to him say that he arranged for the local Coca - Cola supplier to keep a cache of Coke II on hand and at all times .
He drank his smoother , rounder , and bolder New Coke until the day he died in 1997 , insisting all the while that the fruit of his brain - loins was the best - tasting cola in history , no matter what the fickle consumers may say .
Note :
This article was originally entitled “ Bite the New Wax Tadpole , ” but a number of readers pointed out that this was excessively obscure and / or lame .
The rapid transformation of the landscape of Africa has been brought into sharp focus by the publication of an atlas by the United Nations Environment Programme .
The 400 - page document , also published online , highlights major changes in each of the continent 's nations .
Here are a few of the key features .
RWENZORI MOUNTAINS , UGANDA
Climate change has caused the glaciers in this Ugandan equatorial mountain range to shrink dramatically .
The UN says they halved in size between 1987 and 2003 ( there are fewer white areas on the second image ) , during which time higher temperatures and decreasing cloud cover also have contributed to sublimation - direct vaporisation of ice without melting .
According to the UN , researchers believe that , at the current rate of reduction , they will have disappeared within 20 years .
RAINFOREST , DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO
The growing road network in the north of the country has had a noticeable impact on the rainforest , with the prospect of more traffic still in the biologically rich environment .
The light green corridors in the 1975 image show the deforestation along the local roads of Nord - Ubangi and Mongala provinces .
In the 2003 image , they have clearly widened , largely as a result of agricultural changes and industrial logging which the UN says has now become the most extensive form of land use in central Africa .
JEBEL MARRA FOOTHILLS , SUDAN
Western Sudan 's growing population , fuelled partly by people fleeing drought and conflict in Darfur , has eroded much of the shrubbery and many of the trees in this region 's fragile environment .
The loss of open - savannah woodlands since 1972 - on the left hand side of the images - is having a substantial impact on life in the region , with degradation of land hampering the scope for supporting the ever - increasing population .
EXPANSION OF DAKAR , SENEGAL
In half a century , the Senegalese capital has mushroomed from a small urban settlement on the tip of the peninsula to a large metropolis containing 2.5 m people .
The right - hand image does not even show the full extent of contemporary Dakar .
Urban sprawl has eaten up much of the prime farmland that has historically supported it .
Extreme drought in the country in the 1960s drove hundreds of thousands of people out of rural areas and into the city .
By 2030 , two - thirds of Senegal 's population is expected to be urban .
Although birth rates have begun to decline , the city continues to grow .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
( I ’m going to publish this in rough draft format .
I want to get the post live while lots of Ubuntu developers are thinking about Intrepid Ibex . )
I ’m a huge fan of Ubuntu Linux .
I ’ve used many flavors of Linux over the years , and Ubuntu is my favorite by far .
So it pains me to write this .
For my needs , Ubuntu 8.04 ( Hardy Heron ) is worse than 7.10 ( Gutsy Gibbon ) .
I cannot recommend Hardy Heron at this time , and would instead recommend installing 7.10 for the time being .
I sincerely hope that Ubuntu / Canonical developers do more work on the “ fit and finish ” of Intrepid Ibex , because that has always been a strong point in Ubuntu ’s favor .
By the way , I ’m not alone in my opinion about Hardy Heron .
At SuperHappyDevHouse this past weekend I talked with a fellow techie who had Hardy running on his laptop .
He agreed that Hardy has had more issues than Gutsy .
And this in - depth post by another Ubuntu fan reaches the same conclusion :
The most important question is — do I recommend Ubuntu 8.04 ?
If I were to answer simply ‘ yes ’ or ‘ no ’ the answer would be negative .
If you need a good system , that ‘ just works ’ , wait a few months before installing Hardy Heron , until it becomes really stable , as the LTS staple suggests .
Even when someone posts a positive review , you see commenters show up with quite a bit of complaints .
What are the issues ?
I ’ll try to pick out a few examples .
Here ’s a small one .
I like to use the microGUI theme in metacity .
Normally I would click System -> Preferences ->Appearance and select the Theme tab .
Then I could drag the microGUI theme from this web page and drop it directly onto the Theme tab .
Dragging and dropping themes was a wonderful little trick , but it did n’t work for me in Hardy Heron .
Instead , a small dialog box appears and then disappears so quickly that I can’t even see if it has text on it .
Update ,
11/22/2008 : This works in Intrepid Ibex now .
Here ’s a big problem .
In Ubuntu 7.10 , it was trivially easy to share folders via Samba ( SMB ) or NFS .
You clicked on System -> Administration -> Shared Folders and followed simple directions there to configure a shared folder .
In Ubuntu 8.04 , this menu option is gone .
According to pages on the web , you may have to drop into a command - line , run “ sudo apt - get install nautilus - share ” to install a new package “ nautilus - share ” which has replaced the old shares - admin program , and then reboot or logout / login .
Read this bug where people describe how awful this is , including a very user with the handle Thomas Boutell .
Yes , it ’s probably that Thomas Boutell , and if Boutell says that something is suboptimal , Ubuntu developers should listen .
Right now the GUI throws out a cryptic error when what the user actually needs to do is reboot their machine or log out and back in .
Here ’s what another commenter says :
I can confirm this to be a problem .
There is no way to create a share out of the box with the release of 8.04 hardy .
This WAS working wonderfully in Gutsy 7.10 .
There was a folder sharing GUI on the admin menu under system tools , this seems to have been removed from Hardy 8.04 .
I happen to agree with the expectations of the [ original poster ]
Thomas Boutell , this should just work out of the box or there should be a readily obvious way to get folder / file sharing working again like it was in Gutsy .
Why on earth was a completely functional feature of 7.10 removed from Hardy ????? [ and then the same user later ]
This is just plain too much of a hassle : no one should have to go thru this just to share some files on his computer .
Help me use linux , not hassle me when I try to use it .
In a related bug about having to reboot or log out and log in again after installing Samba , another user says :
It can be correct for linux security system .
But how I can explain to the user , that he should restart his computer for share a folder ?!
Former windows users will laugh over me .
It sounds like nautilus - share does n’t let you set your workgroup name either .
So I guess you have to edit the smb.conf config file by hand to change your computer ’s workgroup ?
That led one user to remark :
I guess I ’m just getting over this phenomenon I ’ve started to see in Ubuntu devs and Gnome devs in particular , of just whistling past the graveyard of usability and treating the users like ants at the picnic .
The windows shares are BROKEN by any reasonable user ’s standards , and a frank acknowledgment of the problem would go a long way .
Update ,
11/22/2008 : A workaround is to press alt - F2 , then enter “ shares - admin ” and click “ General Properties ” , click “ Unlock ” and enter your password and click “ Authenticate ” , then change the Workgroup name there .
You might need to share a folder first ( to install Samba ) , then reboot , then do this change , then reboot again .
I ended up editing smb.conf manually to set the workgroup and add whatever sharing I wanted to do .
To me , this feels like a series of choices by the Ubuntu team which may have been locally optimal ( “ this package has security issues or is n’t maintained — let ’s turn it off ” ) but the net effect of these decisions adds up to a big black eye for Ubuntu .
And again , I say this as an Ubuntu fan who wants Ubuntu to succeed .
Maybe there was n’t enough time to shake out bugs in the latest incarnation of GNOME .
Maybe it will take a while to find the right pulse rate of software releases .
If there ’s a plan by Ubuntu / Canonical developers to improve this situation , I encourage them to talk about the future plan in the comments .
That issue encapsulates the sort of thing I ’m seeing with Hardy , but let ’s talk about a couple more sharing issues I ran into .
The problem above was letting other computers connect to Hardy , but what about Hardy connecting to other computers ’ shared drives ?
It used to be that if you click Places -> Connect to Server and selected a Windows share , you saw a “ Browse Network ” button .
Now that button is gone for me .
I guess you need to know the exact name of the Samba or Windows share that you want to connect to ?
If so , that ’s pretty annoying .
It ’s also inconsistent , because when I tried to add a printer on a remote machine , I could browse the network from the printer dialog box .
Update ,
11/22/2008 : In Intrepid Ibex , you can click Places -> Network to browse the local network .
I want to talk about one more really annoying problem I ran into .
In Gutsy I used “ Connect to Server ” to create a folder that was connected via ssh to my webhost .
If I took a screenshot I could drop the file into that folder and it would magically be copied into a specific deep directory at my webhost .
The feature worked perfectly — even better than WinSCP running on a Windows computer .
Now things seem horribly broken .
One user asks about it here and includes an image .
Evidently a decision was made to switch from something called “ gnome-vfs ” to something called “ gvfs . ”
I like swapping out old code for new code as much as the next guy , but as a user , this switch is a code phrase for “ the stuff that used to work perfectly is now nonfunctional . ”
It also looks like someone in GNOME may have decided to change the default location of mounted volumes from $ HOME to / , which makes me want to find and punch that person .
Or offer them $ 100 to fix it back to sane behavior .
It ’s really quite hard to find out exactly why this simple , useful ability ( to create folders that were SSH - connected directly to a specific directory on a remote machine ) became broken in Hardy .
It appears to have something to do with “ bookmarks , ” but good luck finding out exactly what ’s going on .
By the way , if you upgraded from Gutsy to Hardy , all of your carefully - crafted existing shortcuts will break too .
This gnome -vfs to gvfs issue is impacting regular Linux ( including Fedora ) users and causing them to complain .
And why not ?
As one GNOME user states their case , “ It should be possible for GNOME users to configure the default path of mounted volumes . ”
Are there other annoyances ?
As long as I ’ve started a complaint thread , I ’ll mention a few other things that are on my mind .
When I run the Update Manager and install updates , eventually I ’m told that “ Your system is up - to - date ” — but sometimes it is n’t .
If I click the “ Check ” button again , sometimes new updates are found to install .
The net result is that I end up checking for updates multiple times , even after I ’ve just been told that I ’m up - to - date , because my system was n’t really up - to - date .
Please save users the time / effort of checking multiple times for updates and find a way to handle this transparently .
The “ Hardy Heron ” desktop background is sweet , but at 1920 × 1200 resolution it looks a little fuzzy , as if it had to be scaled up .
I would recommend creating a very high - res desktop and then downscaling it so that it ’s always sharp , even at the highest resolution .
Okay , that ’s my complaints from playing with Hardy Heron for a couple days on my $ 200 Walmart PC , which I keep around as a guinea pig box for testing .
I wo n’t be installing Hardy on my main Linux box .
I might just keep running Gutsy until Intrepid Ibex comes out .
I ’m giving my raw perspective as a user , and the upshot is that Hardy Heron feels like a step backwards on the things that matter to me .
If I were a GNOME / Ubuntu / Canonical dev , my first reaction would be to leave a comment that says “ Matt , you idiot !
Do n’t you know that XXXXXX is a simple solution for your problem ?
You did n’t even use the terminology right ! ”
And I ’m sure I ’ve messed something up , like blaming Ubuntu for a problem that really belongs to GNOME or some other project .
But the buck stops with Ubuntu and Canonical .
If something in GNOME is n’t ready for prime - time , Ubuntu should hold off until it ’s ready .
Do n’t replace shares - admin with nautilus - share until I can set a workgroup from a GUI .
Do n’t replace gnome - vfs with gvfs until I can make a drag - and - drop remote folder on my desktop .
Do n’t replace a sound system until the new sound system is well supported .
It ’s always a judgment call — I think moving to Firefox 3 was brilliant and acts as a good forcing function to move the community forward .
But do n’t go with so many new systems that the user experience suffers and Ubuntu takes a goodwill hit .
I love Ubuntu .
I want Ubuntu to do well .
I want to believe that Ubuntu can romp against the competition .
But Hardy
Heron feels like a misstep for some users , including me .
Please work on fit and finish to get Ubuntu back to the robust , polished distribution that made me fall in love with it in the first place .
About The Author Vitaly Friedman loves beautiful content and does n’t like to give in easily .
When he is not writing or speaking at a conference , he ’s most probably running … More about Vitaly Friedman …
Improving Code Readability With CSS Styleguides
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Once your latest project is finished , you are very likely to forget the structure of the project ’s layout , with all its numerous classes , color schemes and type setting .
To understand your code years after you ’ve written it you need to make use of sensible code structuring .
The latter can dramatically reduce complexity , improve code management and consequently simplify maintainability .
However , how can you achieve sensible structuring ?
Well , there are a number of options .
For instance , you can make use of comments — after all , there is always some area for useful hints , notes and , well , comments you can use afterwards , after the project has been deployed .
Once your latest project is finished , you are very likely to forget the structure of the project ’s layout , with all its numerous classes , color schemes and type setting .
To understand your code years after you ’ve written it you need to make use of sensible code structuring .
The latter can dramatically reduce complexity , improve code management and consequently simplify maintainability .
However , how can you achieve sensible structuring ?
Well , there are a number of options .
For instance , you can make use of comments — after all , there is always some area for useful hints , notes and , well , comments you can use afterwards , after the project has been deployed .
Indeed , developers came up with quite creative ways to use comments and text formatting to improve the maintainability of CSS - code .
Such creative ways are usually combined into CSS styleguides — pieces of CSS - code which are supposed to provide developers with useful insights into the structure of the code and background information related to it .
This article presents 5 coding techniques which can dramatically improve management and simplify maintainability of your code .
You can apply them to CSS , but also to any other stylesheet or programming language you are using .
You can browse through the references listed under the article — they containt further information about how you can achieve a well - organized and well - structured code .
You may also be interested in the articles 70 Expert Ideas For Better CSS Coding
1. Divide and conquer your code
First consider the structure of your layout and identify the most important modules in your CSS - code .
In most cases it ’s useful to choose the order of CSS - selectors according to the order of divisors ( div’s ) and classes in your layout .
Before starting coding , group common elements in separate sections and title each group .
For instance , you can select Global Styles ( body , paragraphs , lists , etc ) , Layout , Headings , Text Styles , Navigation , Forms , Comments and Extras .
To clearly separate fragments of code , select appropriate flags or striking comments ( the more *- symbols you have in your code , the more striking a heading is ) .
In the stylesheet they will serve as a heading for each group .
Before applying a preferred flag to your code , make sure you can immediately recognize single blocks when scanning through the code .
However , this approach might not be enough for large projects where a single module is too big .
If it is the case , you might need to divide your code in multiple files to maintain overview of single groups of code fragments .
In such situations master stylesheet is used to import groups .
Using master - stylesheet you generate some unnecessary server requests , but the approach produces a clean and elegant code which is easy to reuse , easy to understand and also easy to maintain .
And you also need to include only the master - file in your documents .
/*------------------------------------------------------------------
[ Master Stylesheet ]
Project : Smashing Magazine Version : 1.1 Last change : 05/02/08 [ fixed Float bug , vf ] Assigned to : Vitaly Friedman ( vf ) , Sven Lennartz ( sl ) Primary use : Magazine -------------------------------------------------------------------*/ @import " reset.css " ; @import " layout.css " ; @import " colors.css " ; @import " typography.css " ; @import " flash.css " ; /* @import " debugging.css " ; */
For large projects or large development team it is also useful to have a brief update log and some additional information about the project — e.g. you can put the information about who is this CSS - file assigned to and what is its primary use ( e.g. Smashing Magazine , Smashing Jobs etc. ) .
Additionally , you can include a debugging CSS - code to take care of diagnostic styling in case you run in some problems .
Consider using Eric Meyer ’s Diagnostic Styling as a debugging stylesheet to test your CSS - code and fix problems .
2. Define a table of contents
To keep an overview of the structure of your code , you might want to consider defining a table of contents in the beginning of your CSS - files .
One possibility of integrating a table of contents is to display a tree overview of your layout with IDs and classes used in each branch of the tree .
You may want to use some keywords such as header - section or content - group to be able to jump to specific code immediately .
You may also select some important elements you are likely to change frequently — after the project is released .
These classes and IDs may also appear in your table of contents , so once you ’ll need to find them you ’ll find them immediately — without scanning your whole code or remembering what class or ID you once used .
/*------------------------------------------------------------------
[ Layout ] * body +
Header / #header +
Content / #content - Left column / # leftcolumn - Right column / #rightcolumn - Sidebar / #sidebar - RSS / #rss - Search / #search - Boxes / .box - Sideblog / #sideblog + Footer / # footer Navigation #navbar Advertisements .ads Content header h2 -------------------------------------------------------------------*/
… or like this :
/*------------------------------------------------------------------
[ Table of contents ]
1 . Body 2 . Header / #header 2.1 . Navigation / #navbar 3 . Content / #content 3.1 . Left column / # leftcolumn 3.2 . Right column / #rightcolumn 3.3 . Sidebar / #sidebar 3.3.1 . RSS / #rss 3.3.2 . Search / # search 3.3.3 .
Boxes / .box 3.3.4 . Sideblog / #sideblog 3.3.5 .
Advertisements / .ads 4 . Footer / # footer
-------------------------------------------------------------------*/
Another approach is to use simple enumeration without indentation .
In the exampe below , once you need to jump to the RSS - section you simply use a search tool to find 8 . RSS in your code .
That ’s easy , quick and effective .
/*------------------------------------------------------------------
[ Table of contents ]
1 . Body 2 . Header / #header 3 . Navigation / #navbar 4 . Content / # content 5 . Left column / # leftcolumn
6 . Right column / #rightcolumn
7 . Sidebar / #sidebar 8 . RSS / #rss 9 . Search / # search 10 .
Boxes / .box 11 . Sideblog / #sideblog 12 .
Advertisements / .ads 13 .
Footer / # footer
-------------------------------------------------------------------*/ <!-- some CSS - code -->
/*------------------------------------------------------------------
[ 8. RSS / #rss ] */ #rss { ... } #rss img { ... }
Defining a table of contents you make it particularly easier for other people to read and understand your code .
For large projects you may also print it out and have it in front of you when reading the code .
When working in team , this advantage should n’t be underestimated .
It can save a lot of time — for you and your colleagues .
3 . Define your colors and typography
Since we do n’t have CSS constants yet , we need to figure out some way to get a quick reference of “ variables ” we are using .
In web development colors and typography can often be considered as “ constants ” — fixed values that are used throughout the code multiple times .
As Rachel Andrew states , “ one way to get round the lack of constants in CSS is to create some definitions at the top of your CSS file in comments , to define constants .
A common use for this is to create a color glossary .
This means that you have a quick reference to the colors used in the site to avoid using alternates by mistake and , if you need to change the colors , you have a quick list to go down and do a search and replace . ”
/*------------------------------------------------------------------ # [ Color codes ] #
Dark grey ( text ) : # 333333 # Dark Blue ( headings , links ) # 000066 # Mid Blue ( header ) # 333399 #
Light blue ( top navigation ) # CCCCFF # Mid grey : # 666666 # */
Alternatively , you can also describe color codes used in your layout .
For a given color , you can display sections of your site which are using this color .
Or vice versa — for a given design element you can describe the colors which are used there .
/*------------------------------------------------------------------
[ Color codes ]
Background : # ffffff ( white ) Content : # 1e1e1e ( light black ) Header h1 : # 9 caa3 b ( green ) Header h2 : #ee4117 ( red ) Footer : # b5 cede ( dark black ) a ( standard ) : # 0040b6 ( dark blue ) a ( visited ) : # 5999de ( light blue ) a ( active ) : # cc0000 ( pink ) -------------------------------------------------------------------*/
The same holds for typography .
You can also add some important notes to understand the “ system ” behind your definitions .
/*------------------------------------------------------------------
[ Typography ]
Body copy : 1.2em/1.6em Verdana , Helvetica , Arial , Geneva , sans - serif ; Headers : 2.7em/1.3em Helvetica , Arial , " Lucida Sans Unicode " , Verdana , sans - serif ; Input , textarea : 1.1em Helvetica , Verdana , Geneva , Arial , sans - serif ; Sidebar heading : 1.5 em Helvetica , Trebuchet MS , Arial , sans - serif ; Notes : decreasing heading by 0.4em with every subsequent heading level -------------------------------------------------------------------*/
4. Order CSS properties
When writing the code often it ’s useful to apply some special formatting to order CSS properties — to make the code more readable , more structured and therefore more intuitive .
There is a variety of grouping schemes developers use in their projects .
Some developers tend to put colors and fonts first ; other developers prefer to put “ more important ” assignments such as those related to positioning and floats first .
Similarly , elements are also often sorted according to the topology of the site and the structure of the layout .
This approach can be applied to CSS selectors as well :
body , h1 , h2 , h3 , p , ul , li , form { border : 0 ; margin : 0 ; padding : 0 ; }
Some developers use a more interesting approach — they group properties in an alphabetical order .
Here it ’s important to mention that alphabetizing CSS properties may lead to some problems in some browsers .
You may need to make sure that no changes are produced as a result of your ordering manipulations .
body { background : # fdfdfd ; color : # 333 ; font - size : 1em ; line - height : 1.4 ; margin : 0 ; padding : 0 ; }
Whatever grouping format you are using , make sure you clearly define the format and the objective you want to achieve .
Your colleagues will thank you for your efforts .
And you ’ll thank them for sticking to your format .
5. Indentation is your friend !
For better overview of your code you might consider using one - liners for brief fragments of code .
This style might produce messy results if you define more than 3 attributes for a given selector .
However , used moderately , you can highlight dependencies between all elements of the same class .
This technique will dramatically increase code readability when you have to find some specific element in your stylesheet .
# main - column { display : inline ; float : left ; width : 30em ; } #main - column h1 { font - family : Georgia , " Times New Roman " , Times , serif ; margin - bottom : 20 px ; } #main - column p { color : # 333 ; }
You remember exactly what you did and can jump back in there and fix it .
But what if you made a lot of changes that day , or you just simply can’t remember ?
Chris Coyier suggests an interesting solution for highlighting recent changes in your CSS - code .
Simply indenting new or changed lines in your CSS you can make recent changes in your code more visible .
You can as well use some comments keywords ( e.g. @new ) — you ’ll be able to jump to the occurrences of the keyword and undo changes once you ’ve found some problems .
# sidebar ul li a { display : block ; background - color : #ccc ; border - bottom : 1 px solid # 999 ; /* @new */ margin : 3px 0 3px 0 ; padding : 3 px ; /* @new */ }
Conclusion
CSS styleguides are helpful if and only if they are used properly .
Keep in mind that you should remove every styleguide which does n’t effectively help you to get a better understanding of the code or achieve a well - structured code .
Avoid too many styleguides for too many elements bundled in too many groups .
Your goal is to achieve a readable and maintainable code .
Stick to it and you ’ll save yourself a lot of trouble .
Sources and Resources
PRINCETON , NJ -- President George W. Bush 's job approval rating has dropped to 28 % , the lowest of his administration .
Bush 's approval is lower than that of any president since World War II , with the exceptions of Jimmy Carter ( who had a low point of 28 % in 1979 ) , and Richard Nixon and Harry Truman , who suffered ratings in the low - to mid-20 % range in the last years of their administrations .
Bush 's lowest job approval rating had been 29 % , reached in a July 2007 Gallup Poll .
Since that time , Bush 's approval ratings have been generally in the low 30 % range , averaging 32.5 % across the eight polls conducted this year before the most recent poll , conducted April 6 - 9 .
Bush 's average for his first seven years in office was 52 % , a tenure marked by a slide from high ratings in his first two years to the very low ratings in his sixth and seventh years , and in the first months of 2008 .
Bush 's highest job approval rating is 90 % , recorded in September 2001 , just after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks , and is the highest job approval rating in Gallup history .
On a year - by - year basis , Bush 's ratings have gone from 68 % and 71 % averages in his first two years to 33 % in his seventh year .
Bush 's low rating in the current poll is the result of an extraordinarily low average approval rating from Democrats , a low level of support from independents , and support from just two - thirds of his base of Republicans .
When Bush received a 29 % rating in Gallup 's July 6 - 8 , 2007 , poll , the party approval ratings were similar to today's : 68 % approval among Republicans , 21 % among independents , and 7 % among Democrats .
Historical Comparisons
Bush 's current 28 % job approval rating is at the very low end of the spectrum of approval ratings Gallup has recorded across the 11 presidents in office since World War II .
The average presidential job approval rating during that time has been 55 % .
The highest reading , as noted , is the 90 % for the current President Bush in September 2001 ; the lowest is the 22 % for Truman in February 1952 .
Only three presidents in Gallup 's history have received job approval ratings of 28 % or lower :
Carter 's low point of 28 % was measured in late June and early July 1979 , as the country underwent significant gas shortages and amid perceptions of a failing economy .
Nixon had a number of readings below 28 % in 1973 and 1974 prior to his leaving office as a result of the Watergate scandal .
Truman recorded a number of readings below 28 % in 1951 and 1952 as his administration was beset , similar to the current situation for Bush , with problems relating to the economy and an unpopular war ( in Korea ) .
Of note is the fact that George W. Bush has now descended below the low point of his father 's ( George H.W. Bush 's ) administration .
The senior Bush had a reading of 29 % in July and August 1992 .
The former president also recorded a high point of 89 % , the highest on record until his son's 90 % in September 2001 .
Both Bushes , in short , have undergone radical 60 - point drops in job approval in the course of their administrations .
Implications
Presidents who receive job approval ratings in the 20 % range are generally beset by economic concerns , wars , or scandals .
Truman , who has the dubious distinction of obtaining the lowest job approval rating in Gallup Poll history , had the triple whammy of a bad economy , an unpopular war , and hints of scandal in the last years of his administration .
Nixon , of course , was primarily laid low by Watergate , although he had been the steward of an unpopular war for most of the years after he took office in January 1969 .
Carter was in the middle of a bad economy and sharply rising gas prices when he suffered a 28 % job approval rating in the summer of 1979 .
Now , Bush , the current president , has obtained a 28 % job approval rating at a time when Americans are extraordinarily worried about the economy , when gas prices have risen to historical high points , in the middle of a war that the majority of Americans say was a mistake , and at a time when only 15 % of Americans say they are satisfied with the way things are going in the United States .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,021 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted April 6 - 9 , 2008 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
AFTER oil hit its recent record of $ 135 a barrel , consumers and politicians started to lash out in every direction .
Fishermen in France have been blockading ports and pouring oil on the roads in protest .
British lorry drivers have paraded coffins through London as a token of the imminent demise of the haulage industry .
In response , Gordon Brown , Britain 's prime minister , is badgering oil bosses to increase production from the North Sea , while Nicolas Sarkozy , the president of France , wants the European Union to suspend taxes on fuel .
In America , too , politicians are haranguing oil bosses and calling for tax cuts .
Congress has approved a bill to prevent the government from adding to America 's strategic stocks of oil , and is contemplating another to enable American prosecutors to sue the governments of the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) for market manipulation .
But the most popular scapegoats are “ speculators ” of the more traditional sort .
OPEC itself routinely blames them for high prices .
The government of India is so sure that speculation makes commodities dearer that it has banned the trading of futures contracts for some of them ( although not oil ) .
Germany 's Social Democratic
Party proposes an international ban on borrowing to buy oil futures , on the same grounds .
Joe Lieberman , chairman of the Senate 's Homeland Security Committee , is also mulling regulation of some sort , having concluded that “ speculators are responsible for a big part of the commodity price increases ” .
The assumption underlying such ideas is that a bubble is forming , and that if it were popped , the price of oil would be much lower .
Others assume the reverse : that the price is bound to keep rising indefinitely , since supplies of oil are running short .
The majority of the world 's crude , according to believers in “ peak oil ” , has been discovered and is already being exploited .
At any rate , the size of new fields is diminishing .
So production will soon reach a pinnacle , if it has not done so already , and then quickly decline , no matter what governments do .
As different as these theories are , they share a conviction that something has gone badly wrong with the market for oil .
High prices are seen as proof of some sort of breakdown .
Yet the evidence suggests that , to the contrary , the rising price is beginning to curb demand and increase supply , just as the textbooks say it should .
Stocks , bonds and barrels
Those who see speculators as the culprits point to the emergence of oil and other commodities as a popular asset class , alongside stocks , bonds and property .
Ever more investors are piling into the oil markets , the argument runs , pushing up the price as they do so .
The number of transactions involving oil futures on the New York Mercantile Exchange ( NYMEX ) , the biggest market for oil , has almost tripled since 2004 .
That neatly mirrors a tripling of the price of oil over the same period .
But Jeffrey Harris , the chief economist of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) , which regulates NYMEX and other American commodities exchanges , does not see any evidence that the growth of speculation in oil has caused the price to rise .
Rising prices , after all , might have been stimulating the growing investment , rather than the other way around .
There is no clear correlation between increased speculation and higher prices in commodities markets in general .
Despite a continuing flow of investment in nickel , for example , its price has fallen by half over the past year .
By the same token , the prices of several commodities that are not traded on any exchange , and are therefore much harder for speculators to invest in , have risen even faster than that of oil .
Deutsche Bank calculates that cadmium , a rare metal , has appreciated twice as much as oil since 2001 , for example , and the price of rice has risen fractionally more .
Investment can flood into the oil market without driving up prices because speculators are not buying any actual crude .
Instead , they buy contracts for future delivery .
When those contracts mature , they either settle them with a cash payment or sell them on to genuine consumers .
Either way , no oil is hoarded or somehow kept off the market .
The contracts are really a bet about which way the price will go and the number of bets does not affect the amount of oil available .
As Mr Harris puts it , there is no limit to the number of “ paper barrels ” that can be bought and sold .
That makes it harder for a bubble to develop in oil than in the shares of internet firms , say , or in housing , where the supply of the asset is finite .
Ultimately , says David Kirsch of PFC Energy , a consultancy , there is only one type of customer for crude : refineries .
If speculators on the futures markets get carried away , pushing prices so high that refineries run at a loss , they will simply shut down , causing the price to fall again .
Moreover , speculators do not always assume that prices will rise .
As recently as last year , the speculative bears on NYMEX outweighed the bulls .
There is , admittedly , a growing category of inherently bullish investment funds that seek to track commodity - price indices , in which oil is usually the biggest component .
Politicians have begun to denounce these “ index funds ” , since they make money for their investors only if prices rise .
According to Mr Lieberman , they have grown in value from $ 13 billion to $ 260 billion over the past five years .
This surge of investors betting on rising prices , many observers contend , has become a self - fulfilling prophecy , helping to push prices ever higher and thus attract yet more investment .
But Bob Greer , of PIMCO , an asset - management firm , argues that even index funds make unlikely suspects .
For one thing , they too invest in futures , rather than in physical supplies of oil .
So every month , they must trade contracts that are about to fall due for ones that will not mature for several months .
That makes them big sellers of oil for prompt delivery .
What is more , their growth is not as impressive as it first appears .
Paul Horsnell of Barclays Capital , an investment bank , puts the total value of index funds and other similar investments at $ 225 billion .
That is less than half the market capitalisation of Exxon Mobil , he points out , and a tiny fraction of the $ 50 trillion - odd of transactions in the oil markets each year .
Although index funds have grown quickly , that growth stems in large part from the rise in value of the futures they hold , rather than from fresh investment flows .
He estimates that index funds swelled by $ 13 billion in the first quarter of this year , for example , of which all but $ 2 billion derives from the rise in commodity prices .
Back to basics
Mr Harris of the CFTC , for one , believes that the oil price is still a function of supply and demand .
For the past few years , the world 's production capacity has grown only sluggishly .
Meanwhile , demand , especially from the developing world , has been growing faster .
So there is hardly any slack in the system .
Only Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are thought to be able to increase their output from today 's levels , and even then , there are doubts , since Saudi Arabia , in particular , is secretive about the state of its oil industry .
That leaves the oil market at the mercy of even small disruptions to supply .
Prices tend to jump each time militants sabotage an oil pipeline in Nigeria , bad weather threatens production in the Gulf of Mexico , or political clouds gather over the Persian Gulf .
The problem is exacerbated by a growing mismatch between the type of oil being produced and the refineries that must process it .
The most common benchmark prices , including the one used in this article , refer to “ light ” crude , the least viscous sort , which produces the most petrol and diesel when refined .
“ Heavy ” oil , by contrast , yields more fuel oil , which is used mainly for heating .
At the moment , diesel is in short supply and there is a glut of fuel oil .
That makes processing heavy oil unprofitable for some refineries , since the gains from diesel are outweighed by losses on fuel oil .
As refineries turn instead to lighter grades , it pushes their prices yet higher .
The discount on heavier crudes has risen to record levels .
But even then , points out Ed Morse , of Lehman Brothers , another investment bank , Iran is having trouble selling the stuff .
It is storing huge quantities of unsold oil on tankers moored off its coast .
Presumably , Iran and other heavy - oil producers will eventually be obliged to drop prices far enough to make processing the stuff worth refiners ' while .
In the longer run , more refineries will invest in the equipment needed to crack more diesel out of heavy oil .
Both steps will , in effect , increase the world 's oil supply , and so help to ease prices .
But improving an existing refinery or building a new one is a slow and capital - intensive business .
Firms tend to be very conservative in their investments , since refineries have decades - long life - spans , during which prices and profits can fluctuate wildly .
It can also be difficult to find a site and obtain the right permits — one of the reasons why no new refineries have been built in America for over 30 years .
Worse , new kit is becoming ever more expensive .
Cambridge Energy Research Associates ( CERA ) , a consultancy , calculates that capital costs for refineries and petrochemical plants have risen by 76 % since 2000 .
Much the same applies to the development of new oilfields .
CERA reckons that the cost of developing them has risen even faster — by 110 % .
At the same time , oilmen remain scarred by the rapid expansion of output in the late 1970s , in response to previous spikes in prices , that led to a glut and so to a prolonged slump .
Exxon Mobil claims that it still assesses the profitability of potential investments using the same assumptions about the long - term oil price as it did at the beginning of the decade , for fear that prices might tumble again .
Environmental concerns are also an obstacle : America , for one , has banned oil production off most of its coastline .
Increasing nationalism on the part of oil - rich countries is adding to the difficulties .
Geologists are convinced that there is still a lot of oil to be discovered in the Middle East and the former Soviet Union , but governments in both regions are reluctant to give outsiders access .
Elsewhere , the most promising areas for exploration are also the most technically challenging : in deep water , or in the Arctic , or both .
Although there have been big recent discoveries in such places , they will take longer to develop , and costs will be higher .
The most expensive projects of all involve the extraction of oil from bitumen , shale and even coal , through elaborate processing .
The potential for these is more or less unlimited , although analysts put the costs as high as $ 70 a barrel — more than the oil price this time last year .
Nonetheless , PFC Energy has examined projects that are already under way , and concluded that global oil production will grow by over 3 m barrels a day ( b /d ) over the course of this year and next .
In particular , it expects production outside OPEC to grow by about 500,000 b/d both years — a marked increase from the near stagnation of recent years .
Meanwhile , the high price is clearly beginning to crimp demand .
The growth in global consumption last year was barely a quarter what it was in 2004 ( see chart ) ; this year , it is likely be even lower .
In rich countries ( or at least among the members of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) , a rough proxy ) , the effect is even more pronounced .
Consumption has been falling for the past two and a half years .
Poorer countries ' demand for oil is still rising , albeit at a slowing pace .
That is partly because their economies are growing faster , and partly because their consumers are shielded from the rising price through subsidies .
But the increasing expense of such measures is forcing governments to water them down or scrap them altogether ( see article ) .
That , in turn , should further sap consumption .
Oil pique
China 's growing thirst for oil is often put forward as one of the main factors behind today 's higher oil prices .
Demand for diesel there , for example , rose by over 9 % in the year to April .
But Mr Morse argues that such growth might not last .
The government has ordered oil firms to increase their stocks of fuel by 50 % to be sure there are no embarrassing shortages during the Olympics .
It is also planning to run some power plants near Beijing on diesel rather than coal , in an attempt to reduce pollution during the games .
These measures are helping to boost China 's demand for diesel , but the effect will be transitory .
In the short run , neither demand for nor supply of oil is very elastic .
It takes time for people to replace their old guzzlers with more fuel - efficient cars , or to switch to jobs with shorter commutes , or to move closer to public transport .
By the same token , it can take ten years or more to develop an oilfield after its discovery — and that does not include the time firms need to bolster their exploration units .
Gary Becker , an economist at the University of Chicago , has calculated that in the past , over periods of less than five years , oil consumption in the OECD dropped by only 2 - 9 % when the price doubled .
Likewise , oil production in countries outside OPEC grew by only 4 % every time the price doubled .
But over longer periods , consumption dropped by 60 % and supply rose by 35 % .
The precise numbers may be slightly different this time round , but the pattern will be the same .
Mark Twain , The Greatest American Humorist , Returning Home , New York World [ London , 10/6/1900 ]
You ask me about what is called imperialism .
Well , I have formed views about that question .
I am at the disadvantage of not knowing whether our people are for or against spreading themselves over the face of the globe .
I should be sorry if they are , for I do n't think that it is wise or a necessary development .
As to China , I quite approve of our Government 's action in getting free of that complication .
They are withdrawing , I understand , having done what they wanted .
That is quite right .
We have no more business in China than in any other country that is not ours .
There is the case of the Philippines .
I have tried hard , and yet I cannot for the life of me comprehend how we got into that mess .
Perhaps we could not have avoided it -- perhaps it was inevitable that we should come to be fighting the natives of those islands -- but I cannot understand it , and have never been able to get at the bottom of the origin of our antagonism to the natives .
I thought we should act as their protector -- not try to get them under our heel .
We were to relieve them from Spanish tyranny to enable them to set up a government of their own , and we were to stand by and see that it got a fair trial .
It was not to be a government according to our ideas , but a government that represented the feeling of the majority of the Filipinos , a government according to Filipino ideas .
That would have been a worthy mission for the United States .
But now -- why , we have got into a mess , a quagmire from which each fresh step renders the difficulty of extrication immensely greater .
I 'm sure I wish I could see what we were getting out of it , and all it means to us as a nation .
Mark Twain in America Again , Chicago Tribune [ New York , 10/15/1900 ]
" You 've been quoted here as an anti-imperialist . "
" Well , I am .
A year ago I was n't .
I thought it would be a great thing to give a whole lot of freedom to the Filipinos , but I guess now that it 's better to let them give it to themselves .
Besides , on looking over the treaty I see we 've got to saddle the friars and their churches .
I guess we do n't want to . "
" Then you 're for Bryan ? " " I guess not .
I 'm rather inclined toward McKinley , even if he is an imperialist .
But do n't ask political questions , for all I know about them is from the English papers . "
Mark Twain Home , New York Tribune [ New York , 10/15/1900 ]
Once I was not anti-imperialist .
I thought that the rescue of those islands from the government under which they had suffered for three hundred years was a good business for us to be in .
But I had not studied the Paris Treaty .
When I found that it made us responsible for the protection of the friars and their property I changed my mind .
Mark Twain Home , An Anti-Imperialist , New York Herald [ New York , 10/15/1900 ]
I left these shores , at Vancouver , a red - hot imperialist .
I wanted the American eagle to go screaming into the Pacific .
It seemed tiresome and tame for it to content itself with the Rockies .
Why not spread its wings over the Philippines , I asked myself ?
And I thought it would be a real good thing to do .
I said to myself , here are a people who have suffered for three centuries .
We can make them as free as ourselves , give them a government and country of their own , put a miniature of the American constitution afloat in the Pacific , start a brand new republic to take its place among the free nations of the world .
It seemed to me a great task to which we had addressed ourselves .
But I have thought some more , since then , and I have read carefully the treaty of Paris , and I have seen that we do not intend to free , but to subjugate the people of the Philippines .
We have gone there to conquer , not to redeem .
We have also pledged the power of this country to maintain and protect the abominable system established in the Philippines by the Friars .
It should , it seems to me , be our pleasure and duty to make those people free , and let them deal with their own domestic questions in their own way .
And so I am an anti-imperialist .
I am opposed to having the eagle put its talons on any other land .
Source : From Mark Twain 's Weapons of Satire : Anti-Imperialist Writings on the Philippine - American War , Jim Zwick , ed. , ( Syracuse : Syracuse University Press , 1992 ) .
Mark Twain and Imperialism To the Person Sitting in Darkness by Mark Twain Part of Uncle Sam Plants the Flag : Imperialism in Latin America a HistoryWiz exhibit copyright HIstoryWiz 1999 - 2008
Through Amazon.com
Your purchase of books or other items through links on this site helps keep this free educational site on the web .
Contact Us
PRINCETON , NJ -- Safety is always a paramount concern for presidents and those who seek the office of president .
In the 2008 general - election campaign , 57 % of black Americans believe Barack Obama faces even greater security risks than other candidates who have run for president in recent years .
The majority of whites think he is at no greater risk of being harmed .
These apprehensions aside , only 16 % of blacks and 7 % of whites say they are " very worried " about Obama 's safety .
Among those who are very worried , 15 % of blacks and about half of whites ( which translates to a miniscule 2 % of blacks and 3 % of whites overall ) say they are so worried that , given the chance early on in the campaign to advise Obama , they would have urged him not to run because of it .
Most , however , say they would have advised Obama not to let these concerns stand in his way .
Generational Differences
Older Americans may clearly remember the 1968 assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. , as well as the Kennedy assassinations of the 1960s .
However , it is young Americans -- the age group giving the greatest support to Obama 's candidacy -- who are most likely to believe he is at greater security risk than other candidates .
The slight majority of young adults ( 53 % ) say Obama is at greater risk , compared with 39 % of those 30 and older .
( There is no difference between the views of middle - aged and older Americans . )
Among blacks , there is no generational divide in perceptions of Obama 's safety between those 18 to 49 and those 50 and older .
Close to 6 in 10 in both groups ( 58 % and 57 % , respectively ) think he is at greater risk .
Why the Risk ?
Obama himself has said , " I face the same security issues as anybody . "
Yet in May 2007 , the Secret Service announced Obama was being placed under its protection at the campaign 's request , nearly a year before other recent candidates have received this level of security , and the earliest for any presidential candidate .
Is it Obama 's race or the striking similarities to Robert F. Kennedy in his charisma and the highly charged crowds of supporters he attracts that bring on these concerns ?
Forty - two percent of blacks and 25 % of whites identify Obama 's race as the primary reason they believe he is in greater jeopardy than the norm .
Only 6 % of blacks and 5 % of whites point to his charisma and large following as the principal reason they believe he is a greater target , while 6 % and 4 % , respectively , say both reasons are equally important .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,012 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted May 30 - June 1 , 2008 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Results for the sample of 780 non-Hispanic whites , aged 18 and older , are based on telephone interviews drawn from the national sample poll .
For results based on the total sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points .
Results for blacks are based on telephone interviews with 250 blacks , aged 18 and older , conducted May 30 - June 2 , 2008 , some of which were drawn from Gallup 's May 30 - June 1 national sample and some of which were drawn from a special black oversample conducted May 30 - June 2 .
The combined sample of blacks is weighted to be representative of U.S. blacks .
For results based on the total sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±7 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
The Australian Tax Office ( ATO ) has raided the properties of 20 wealthy Australians over claims they have used bank accounts in Liechtenstein to avoid paying tax .
Tax Commissioner Michael D'Ascenzo says the investigation involves amounts ranging from $ 200,000 to millions of dollars and is part of an international probe involving nine countries .
Mr D'Ascenzo says the ATO has already conducted raids and issued notices to produce information to the 20 Australians who have suspected links to Liechtenstein accounts .
He says the inquiries are continuing and the final tax bill is still unclear .
The US Internal Revenue Service said it was investigating more than 100 American taxpayers over bank accounts held in Liechtenstein .
" Combating off - shore tax avoidance and evasion are high priorities , " the IRS said in a statement .
" We are determined to protect the US tax system from abuse and ensure that taxpayers pay what they owe ...
It should be clear from recent events that there is no safe hiding place for the proceeds of tax avoidance and evasion . "
Italy and France were quick to follow suit , saying that they had found their nationals on a list of names with accounts in Liechtenstein being circulated by the tax authorities .
Spain also announced that it was looking at information regarding several citizens included on a list of people with bank accounts in Liechtenstein .
' Immoral behaviour '
The Australian Council of Trade Unions ( ACTU ) leader says wage earners will be outraged by claims that wealthy Australians have been using secret overseas bank accounts to avoid paying millions of dollars in tax .
ACTU President Sharan Burrow says working Australians would be appalled by the tax avoidance schemes .
" Well this is just immoral , and I do n't think any working Australian can sit back and understand why it is that people who are so wealthy , that they could n't spend the money the earn anyway , would go to the extent of avoiding contributing to a decent Australia , " she said .
The ATO has urged other taxpayers who might be involved to come clean , saying that indemnity from criminal prosecution might be possible if they provide information about the promoters of tax avoidance schemes .
- ABC/AFP
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Is the Bush administration bent on military confrontation with Iran in its final months ?
Is the White House preparing the American public for another war ?
Retired Air Force Colonel Sam Gardiner is an expert on military strategies and strategic games and he ’s been worried for a while that the Bush White House is moving toward direct military engagement with Iran .
He writes , “ Either directly or through proxies , the United States is fighting Iran in Afghanistan , Iraq , in three or four regions in Iran itself , in Lebanon , and in Syria . ”
His hunch is that Bush and his advisers are preparing a formal warning for Iran and that the next incident involving a US - Iranian clash “ could justify an air strike against the training camps inside Iran . ”
He adds , “ National Security Advisor Stephen Hadley told reporters on a trip to the Middle East that the United States was entering a period of ‘ increased pressure ’ on the Iranians .
An Israeli spokesman said … both Israel and the United States agree that tangible steps need to be taken against Iran . ”
In addition , Gardiner notes , Israeli Army radio reported recently that , during the president ’s trip to Israel last week , a senior Bush administration staffer told Israeli officials that President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney support military action against Iran ( a claim the White House has vehemently denied ) .
“ Strong statements can force policy , ” Gardiner adds .
“ The situation in the Middle East has gotten more serious in the past week .
Both the United States and Iran have made public statements that may force even more fighting . ”
Looking for evidence that the White House is heading ( and driving the country ) toward war with Iran , Gardiner monitors what he calls “ the message volume ” — the amount of talk about Iran in the media that he believes is mostly generated by the White House .
As he concedes , this is an imperfect measurement .
But it does cause him concern .
Below is a report Gardiner prepared for Mother Jones that shows what he considers to be a troubling rise in the message volume related to Iran .
The White House pattern is well established .
When administration officials are working to control a message , they do so using both content and volume .
I ’ve found it useful to understand the direction of policy by watching the message volume .
My methodology is not particularly sophisticated .
Every morning , I Google News the issue I ’m following and record the number of English language articles that come up .
As an example , during the run up to the 2004 presidential election in the United States , it felt as if the White House was trying to create fear to support the argument that George Bush should be reelected .
That intuition was measurable using this method .
In the chart above , we can see what appears to be the product of a well - managed message campaign .
When a strategic communications theme has been selected , senior members of the administration give speeches on the subject , the president will talk about the topic in press conferences , and “ officials ” will grant interviews to major print press outlets to discuss the matter .
And in these circumstances , we ’ll hear from more than government sources .
For instance , in materials recently released by the Pentagon to the New York Times for a piece on military analysts , there were numerous mentions in Pentagon e-mails about getting think tanks to support a particular message .
The result of all this is a tremendous echo .
In the case of terrorism and the 2004 election , the volume was more than double the normal coverage of the subject .
And if terrorism was the administration ’s topic of choice for 2004 , what is it for 2008 ?
The administration ’s strategic communication theme is not terrorism .
The terrorism coverage of late looks like the vital signs of a dead patient : flat - lined .
Iran , though , seems to be emerging as the dominant theme .
This is the past 60 days of the Iran message .
The President ’s recent visit to the Middle East is an example of how the administration can keep the Iran message dominant .
At every stop , President Bush talked about the threat from Iran .
If he mentioned Iraq in any of his major speeches , I did not find it .
Apparently , Iraq is to be kept off the front pages .
Gardiner predicts that the administration ’s message on Iran — content - wise — will increasingly focus on “ what Iran has been doing to America , ” as the United States charges Iran with supporting attacks on U.S. forces and interests in Iraq .
Meanwhile , Gardiner notes , Tehran has been vocal about what the United States has supposedly been doing to Iran : “ In what has been an unusual series of statements and escalation by the Iranian government , the United States has been accused of direct attacks on Iranians and inside Iran .
Iran accused the United States of being behind the attack on Iranian diplomats in Baghdad last week .
Iran has painted an extensive picture of the United States being involved in the bombing of a mosque in Shiraz in April .
In their story , the Iranians say they have uncovered a CIA network that planned many bombings , including oil facilities .
Although none of this may be true , the statements represent a ratcheting up . ”
And a ratcheting up on either side , Gardiner notes , could trigger a military confrontation , intended or not .
Advertisements
Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean was on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press ” today and he said that he hoped the Democratic Party would have their nominee by the end of June .
Host Tim Russert asked Dean how and when this nomination fight is going to end .
Dean answered , “ Well , I ’m hoping it ’ll be over by the end of the month of June .
We ’ve made great progress in the last few weeks that I think about 50 or 60 unpledged delegates have said who they ’re going to be for .
And , you know it ’d be a lot of fun for you if we had a divided convention with 104 ballots ; it ’d break the record .
But the truth is we need to figure this out before the convention .
We need time to heal . ”
He said the most important person , in terms of healing the party , will not be himself , but the loser of the contest between Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama .
“ Actually , I ’m not the most important person in terms of bringing the party together .
The most important person is the , is the person who does n’t win the nomination .
Because I can remember when , I can remember when I lost to John Kerry , I had to go out and convince my supporters–it took me about three months –which they needed to support Senator Kerry .
I endorsed him , I campaigned for him , I went all –to all the college campuses .
And that ’s what the person , who does n’t win this , with 49 percent of the delegates , is going to have to do in order to keep the party together . ”
Advertisements
Dean also said what everybody already knows , the only way the Democratic Party can lose in November is if they are n’t unified , “ The only thing that ’s going to beat us is if we ’re not unified .
And my , in order to be unified , both the losing candidate and the winning candidate have to feel like the system was fair . ”
I voted for Obama , but I believe the best way to unify the party is to leave Clinton in the race until Barack Obama has clinched the nomination .
Forcing her out of the race , may only solidify the party divide .
Obama supporters might not like to hear this , but they are going to need the support of Clinton voters to win in November .
They ca n’t win with only half of the Democratic Party behind them .
I say let her play out the string , so that she loses fair and square , and has nothing to complain about later .
Watch the video , or read the transcript :
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/24338217/
Texas Sect Leader : Doomsday Begins Next Thursday , June 12 House of Yahweh
Source
( Listed if other than Religion News Blog )
June 6 , 2008
Brian Ross and Vic Walter
abcnews.go.com ABC News , USAJune 6 , 2008 Brian Ross and Vic Walter
More About This Subject
This post was last updated : Saturday , June 7 , 2008 at 10:51 AM , Central European Time ( CET )
However , according to Australian Institute of Criminology figures covering Victoria , Queensland and South Australia , overall female offending rates increased only for assault between 1995 and 2006 .
The rate rose 40 % for women , compared with 15 % for male offenders .
Nationally , the imprisonment rate for women soared between 1984 and 2003 , by 209 % for women compared with 75 % for men .
So what 's going on ?
Are women really becoming more violent ?
While these figures point to a disturbing trend , those searching for the reasons behind it paint a complex picture of women 's changing identities , and an apparent acceptance of an increasingly violent culture .
With traditional male and female roles under constant pressure , young women have been alternately admired and derided for their independence , risk - taking and showing a more aggressive side .
At the same time , their lives have changed in other significant ways .
Women now marry later ( if at all ) , delay childbirth , enjoy their independent incomes and often play hard .
Women are now more likely than ever to have a voice in business , government and relationships .
Popular culture carries the momentum , bringing feisty women to our television screens : Buffy , Roseanne , and Seinfeld 's Elaine .
And it has also brought images that did n't spare our sensitivities .
" I grew up taking in a lot of violence by watching news and current affairs on the ABC , and I believe I had a readiness to respond to this far more than my mother or grandmother had , " says University of Melbourne academic and author Liz Conor .
" Because of that indoctrination of violence , I came away thinking the world was a dangerous place . "
The current generation of women may be less shocked by images of violence than previous generations , she says .
" And young women witness the lack of redress of violence , particularly in football when the tribunals do n't act .
You have to ask , too , about violent video games like Grand Theft Auto .
This is where they 're allowed to act out their frustrations about being young . "
Conor views female identity as inexorably shifting from discreet and self - effacing to assertive , with war service and the feminist revolution forming high - water marks .
" Discreet is Edwardian , dainty was 1920s and interwar .
Later , during wartime , women were involved in heavy work , and were also heroic and effective in espionage .
They had physical endurance and skills that we 've seen transfer to the sports field .
" Then feminism came along to say we were no longer to be dainty or fragile .
This identity went out the window , it was wiped . "
In alcohol consumption , too , women have taken to riskier behaviour .
As the Rudd Government recently noted , women have caught up with men in terms of regular heavy drinking .
But the evidence of women taking on more " male " forms of crime , and the potential links between drinking and violence , are complex .
" Women populate public space now more than they once did , often in the company of men , and it would be interesting to track where violent incidents occur , " says Dr Sue Davies , a senior criminology lecturer at La Trobe University .
Few jobs , sports and leisure activities remain inaccessible to women , and as well as rubbing shoulders with men , they can be rubbed up the wrong way .
" The violence may well be happening in and around social venues where women drink and might get involved in violence with men , " says Davies .
Criminologists and prisoner advocates emphasise there are many contributing factors to women 's violence , including drug dependence and the influence of childhood abuse and family neglect .
Many academic papers have also been devoted to women 's treatment by police and the courts , and sentencing patterns .
In Australian Institute of Criminology data , the most common reasons female offenders gave for committing serious offences were : " I was drunk or high " ; and " I lost my temper " .
Others included payback , seeking money for drugs , peer pressure , or for kicks .
" Girls these days are using speed and ice , destructive drugs that will intensify people 's behaviour , " says Davies .
" There is no doubt drugs are a major part of female offending .
But in crime statistics , drugs often get obscured when there 's a more serious charge .
If someone runs in waving a syringe , it 's an armed robbery .
The robbery may be recorded , but not the drug connection . "
In Conor 's view , feminists in the 1980s and '90s failed to be alert to women 's drug and alcohol use , and violent behaviour .
" We said it 's nonsense , it 's patriarchal , and that men consolidated power through violence .
That was our political protest .
We needed then , and we need now , to pay attention to alcohol and drug use among young women , too , particularly ice . "
Professor George Patton , of Melbourne 's Centre for Adolescent Health , has observed how young women over time " catch up " with men , particularly in recreational drug and alcohol use .
" The best example is tobacco use .
For a long time we thought it was something boys came to earlier and used more heavily and longer .
By the early 1990s , we 'd seen an equalisation in the tobacco use rates , with girls even sneaking ahead .
We 've seen similar trends with cannabis use , and with drinking .
In a couple of decades , girls have caught up to the boys . "
He believes many factors have influenced the catch - up , including affluence and the marketing of alcohol products , particularly during puberty when " kids are acutely attuned to what their peers are doing and what they believe their peers are doing , and are acutely attuned to what they see in the media " .
Hence the Rudd Government targeting brightly coloured " alcopops " with its dramatic tax hike .
The organisation ARBIAS ( Alcohol Related Brain Injury Australian Services ) warns that a whole generation of young women may suffer the harmful effects of alcohol within 10 years .
Alarming statistics reveal that girls aged 12 to 15 are more than three times as likely as teenage boys of the same age to consume alcohol at least once a week .
Women are more susceptible than men to alcohol 's effects .
But apart from the physical price they pay for big nights out , women also labour under lingering cultural prejudices about acceptable feminine behaviour .
Drunk women and violent women tend to attract attention - when Amy Winehouse walks into a lamppost , a photographer is usually on hand to capture her humiliation .
" Back in the '50s and '60s , women who did drink were linked with promiscuity , and I think that still carries over into a link with sexual risk - taking , " says Dr Jo Lindsay , a Monash University sociologist who has researched Melbourne 's club and pub culture .
" That 's been glamourised in shows like Sex and the City , and there 's been more openness for women , but there 's a negative side too . "
The days of a modest sherry are long gone for many women .
" Drinking habits are linked to gender , and we have seen a big shift .
Alcohol is central to everyday life in Australia and an important part of being an adult .
If you 're a non -drinker now , it 's very hard to participate socially . "
It was n't always so .
In the 1950s and '60s , when the public bar was off - limits to females , women accepted a kind of social apartheid built on the high moral ground .
Most women traditionally played a supporting role for men , which included limiting men's consumption of alcohol , says Lindsay .
" They had to manage the drinking too , in terms of its impact on domestic violence and sexual assault , so drinking has been a dangerous thing for women in the past , " she says .
" Clearly there 's been a big change that goes along with second - wave feminism .
Nightlife has been feminised and so has drinking .
Women see it as their right to enjoy nightlife just as men do , and it 's become an important part of work life to go out drinking .
Also , the youth stage is so stretched out , with women having children later .
It 's not just the two years between high school and then motherhood , now young people have a lot more time to drink . "
The downside , she says , is the compulsory drinking with peers that men have always been subject to .
" You can't really get away with your one shandy . "
Patton believes the perception of women drinkers as unfeminine has faded .
" Alcohol and drug use is very much part of the lifestyle of celebrity role models that girls look to , and I think that 's contributed to the social sanctions against drinking diminishing . "
But are they ?
Feminist criminologists are quick to warn that women are often judged more harshly than men for seemingly inappropriate behaviour .
" If women behave aggressively , it 's more quickly pathologised as not being feminine enough , " says University of Melbourne criminology researcher Antonia Quadara .
" If binge - drinking is seen as aping male behaviour , it 's still seen as more problematic for women than it is for men .
There 's an association of women as uncontrollable .
When they step outside rigid stereotypes of what 's acceptable , they 're seen as behaving worse than men . "
Conor believes perceptions of drunk or violent women are governed by " a class reading , rather than a gender one ; they are seen as trash " .
Victoria Police inspector Paul Ross insists that , on Melbourne 's nightlife streets , women and men are treated equally when drunk or violent .
Despite the statistics , he has n't witnessed any great change in rates of female offending in the inner city .
In his experience , drunk women are more at risk of being victims of violence or sexual assault , than perpetrators .
" Becoming inebriated puts women in a high - risk category , particularly late at night , and they should be mindful of that . "
Lindsay also takes a moderate view .
She does n't believe , on the whole , that Australian women are violent , and says it 's often overlooked that many women do drink just a little .
In her view , there 's no need for " moral panic " about young women 's drinking and subsequent behaviour .
" I do n't think we 're like Britain , where the ' ladette ' stuff is really strong .
I was in Manchester a few years ago , and it was St Patrick 's Day and there was mayhem on the streets .
Women were throwing things , getting arrested , screaming .
I do n't think we see that here .
" For men , drinking is often a licence to be aggressive .
Women in Australia just do n't do that , we 're not like football players who glass their girlfriend . "
Even at the Melbourne Cup , when they 're sitting ducks for press photographers , women are more messy than menacing .
" They 're just hilariously toppling on their heels , or having a wee in the car park .
They 're hardly a public danger ! " says Lindsay .
Then Mallory Holtman , the powerful first baseman for Central Washington , said words that brought a chill to everybody who heard them :
“ Excuse me , would it be O.K. if we carried her around and she touched each bag ? ”
The umpires huddled and said it would be legal , so Holtman and the Central Washington shortstop , Liz Wallace , lifted Tucholsky , hands crossed under her , and carried her to second base , and gently lowered her so she could touch the base .
Then Holtman and Wallace started to giggle , and so did Tucholsky , through her tears , and the three of them continued this odd procession to third base and home to a standing ovation .
“ Everybody was crying , ” Knox recalled on Tuesday .
“ It was an away game , and our four fans were crying .
We could n’t hit after that . ”
The extra run made it easier for Western Oregon to win the second game , 4 - 2 , and sweep the doubleheader .
More important , all involved realized they had taken part in an event they would always remember .
( Credit where credit is due : I heard about this incident via Jared Max on WCBS - AM news radio Tuesday morning and later I found a nice article by Graham Hays on ESPN.com before making my own calls . )
The question is , where did it come from , this impulsive gesture by Mallory Holtman ?
“ She hit it over the fence , ” Holtman said Tuesday .
“ She deserved it .
Anybody would have done it .
I just beat them to it . ”
She said she had been taught by her coach , Gary Frederick , that “ winning is not everything . ”

Is there something intrinsic to women ’s sports that caused this generosity ?
Holtman , nearly 23 , did not think so .
“ Not many people are ever in that position , ” she said .
“ I would hope that our baseball players would do it . ”
He has undergone surgery to identify the tumour , and now faces a course of radio- and chemotherapy .
Ivan is determined to regain full health , and to share his experiences with others .
My life and that of my family has just been turned upside down .
Last month I was a healthy young man in my mid-thirties looking forward to working part - time , taking care of our baby daughter and making plans for next year .
Now I have just been told that I have a fast - growing tumour inside my brain .
There are no good brain tumours to have , but if there were , mine would not be one of them
With youth , determination and a lot of support on my side , I intend being luckier .
The discovery began with a week of increasingly unpleasant headaches , bad enough to wake me early but fading off into the morning and then coming back in the evening to leave me sleepy .
By the end of the week they were strong enough to make me sick and I was with my GP , who sent me to Accident and Emergency at the local hospital .
The care there was impressive and fast .
I am very grateful to all the staff there .
Within hours I had had a CT ( computed tomography ) scan of my head and it was at that point that a charming young doctor told me that they had found something " interesting " .
Stupidly , I felt flattered .
Unusual among young
Brain tumours are very unusual at my age , he said , and it was much more likely that I had picked up a nasty infection on a recent reporting trip to west Africa .
That infection had probably found its way to my head and was causing a swelling which needed dealing with swiftly .
A minor brain operation and lots of antibiotics and rest would do the trick .
On a bank holiday weekend the staff had to work hard to find a neurosurgical hospital bed for me , but they did and after a short ambulance ride and a few anxious hours I was operated on at two in the morning by a cheerful and confidence - inspiring surgeon .
At nine I got the news I had not wanted .
The fear some days was paralysing
It would take four days to analyse the small fragment they had removed , the surgeon said .
Four days later an uncomfortable doctor gave me the news .
There are no good brain tumours to have , but if there were , mine would not be one of them .
But it is not the end of the road , he said .
He left us to interpret that and I was allowed home , first for the night , then for good .
Less than a day after hearing my diagnosis in the grim " room of doom " interview suite , I was with a consultant oncologist discussing my treatment .
He told me exactly what I wanted to hear : " You 've got everything to fight for , and we 're going to throw the book at your tumour . "
The shock has been enormous .
I have spent many hours wandering around starting to make cups of tea or fill the dishwasher and then just forgetting that I had started .
And the fear , for some days , was paralysing .
I often had the urge just to lie down and sleep .
But , as the days have gone by , I have my nerve again .
Talking and talking , to friends , family and anyone who would listen has helped .
Many questions
So too have all the medical friends and contacts who have provided encouraging titbits of information .
We have asked many , many questions of the doctors and that , too , has always helped .
I have not asked what my chances are and I do not want to know , for the simple reason that I think no - one knows .
The doctors understand what I have and how to treat it , but no - one can know how well the treatment will work .
All the statistics in the world will not tell them what is going to happen to me , and I am grateful for the uncertainty and hope that provides .
The National Health Service has been very good to me .
It saved my life when I was 12 years old and it was there for me this time when I needed it .
Its staff were without exception professionally excellent and there were many instances of kindness and compassion for which I will always be grateful .
But as an organisation it has now delivered one big disappointment .
I need radiotherapy with some urgency , and the best estimate I could get from the NHS was a six week wait .
I have medical insurance through my employer and I am lucky enough to now have started privately arranged treatment on Wednesday , less than two weeks after my diagnosis .
There are thousands of cases like mine every year in this country and most will not have that option .
My blessings are countless and I could not be in a better position for what I have to face now .
I am determined to beat the tumour and to see my little girl grow up .
But will it recapture the feel of the old bus ?
And should it ?
In the politically heated , stressed - out , pressed - for - time atmosphere of a general election campaign , the weirder campaign bus moments of yore may be gone forever .
Image Mr. McCain , accompanied by his wife , Cindy ; his mother , Roberta ; and Gov. Haley Barbour of Mississippi , arriving in Jackson , Miss. , in March on the campaigns chartered jet .
Credit ...
Mary Altaffer / Associated Press
This campaign bus was , after all , a recreation of the 2000 model , which propelled his energetic but unsuccessful insurgency against George W. Bush .
This time around Mr. McCain started out as the presumed Republican front - runner , and he initially ran a more cautious , conventional campaign .
But when his campaign nearly went broke last year , and he plummeted in the polls , he retooled and went back on the bus .
It worked in part because it was an efficient way of campaigning in his must - win state , New Hampshire ( and it was relatively cheap ) , and it allowed him to loosen up as a candidate .
There were glimmers of the old bus style during daylong bus rides when , after the newsier queries were exhausted , Mr. McCain would discuss with reporters the story of Ray Bradbury ’s “ Martian Chronicles ” or the Korean War , or gossip about Senate colleagues or talk about his love of the group Abba .
These days the bus trips are usually short hops between airports and campaign events , and most of the seats are reserved for local reporters .
Interactions on the bus are more likely to be focused on news , sometimes to Mr. McCain ’s discomfort  as when he was pressed on a recent ride through Pennsylvania on how he thinks he can hope to pay for his tax cuts by eliminating pork barrel projects worth much less .
Most of his interactions with the national reporters these days come in the few formal news conferences held each week , at which the questioners and answerers alike speak into microphones and the relentless follow - ups of the bus are difficult .
Not long ago we reported that Monster Cable had issued a cease and desist letter to Blue Jeans Cable about their Tartan cables .
Little did the lawyer drones over at Monster know that Kurt Denke , the president of Blue Jeans was , in a former life , a lawyer by trade .
Oops !
Someone pushed around the wrong " small " company !
While we are no legal experts , we recognize humor when we see it .
And this is funny .
With Blue Jeans Cable 's permission , we 've included their full response to Monster 's letter below .
We even discussed it before its release on AV Rant .
Kurt wants to keep this entire process completely open to the public and we 're more than happy to oblige .
Enjoy .
__________
RE : Your letter , received April Fools ' Day
Dear Monster Lawyers ,
Let me begin by stating , without equivocation , that I have no interest whatsoever in infringing upon any intellectual property belonging to Monster Cable .
Indeed , the less my customers think my products resemble Monster 's , in form or in function , the better .
I am evaluating your claim that the connectors on certain Tartan brand products infringe Monster 's design patents and trademarks .
However , the information supplied with your letter is plainly inadequate to support a claim of infringement and so I am writing to you to ask for further information and clarification regarding your claims .
I will begin by addressing your trademark / trade dress claim .
You have referred to two trademark registrations , and have attached some printouts from the USPTO system but the depiction of the marks on the drawings provided is small and indistinct , making it difficult to determine exactly what the alleged resemblance is , and I need further information from you .
First , I need legible , scale drawings of the marks , preferably with dimensions shown on the drawing .
To the extent that drawings are inadequate to show the nature of materials , finishes , print legends , colors and the like , I will also need examples of each of Monster Cable 's actual uses of these marks in commerce ; actual physical examples would be best , but photographic reproductions might do .
As you will understand , these considerations are essential to any claim arising out of trade dress , as you are alleging in essence that there is a resemblance sufficient to cause confusion over the identity or origin of the goods , and no mere line - drawing can suffice .
Second , I will need copies of the trademark applications and any correspondence between the applicant and the USPTO in support of the applications .
Third , you have not identified the Monster Cable products in question , in actual use and distribution in commerce , whose trade dress you allege has been appropriated .
I have reviewed Monster Cable 's online materials and have examined connectors on various Monster Cable assemblies in local retail outlets and am unable to determine which , if any , of these are thought by Monster to represent use of these particular marks .
I am also unable to determine from this review whether Monster Cable actually offers any product for sale to which the Tartan connectors are alleged to be particularly similar .
My own sense of it , in looking at the connectors , has been that there is no similarity between the Tartan connectors and any of the many Monster Cable connectors beyond the general functional and conventional characteristics which all or nearly all solder - cup , mechanical - assembly , barrel - style RCA - type connectors share .
It may be that there is some line of products to which you have intended to refer but which I have not found in Monster Cable 's marketing materials or displays ; but if so , you will need to show me specifically what product it is , and you will need to call to my attention the specific aspects of the connector design which you contend constitute unique Monster Cable trade dress , what the associated secondary meaning of those aspects of the trade dress is , and in what manner and by what characteristics you allege that this trade dress has been appropriated .
Fourth , if the dimensional characteristics of the connector as used in commerce vary from the dimensions of the scale drawing of your mark , I will need a proper scale drawing , with dimensions , of each version of the actual connector as used in commerce , as well as photographs of the connectors showing actual in -use finishes .
If there is more than one such connector design in actual use by Monster Cable as to which appropriation of trade dress is alleged , of course , I will require this information for each and every such design .
On the basis of what I have seen , both in the USPTO documents you have sent and the actual appearance of Monster Cable connectors which I have observed in use in commerce , it does not appear to me that Monster Cable is in a position to advance a nonfrivolous claim for infringement of these marks .
There simply is not sufficient resemblance between the Tartan connectors and any mark or any example of the marks ' actual use that I can find to support such a claim .
But if you have further information for me on that point , you are welcome to submit it .
You have also supplied me with partial documentation on five design patents which you claim these connectors infringe .
I will begin by observing , first , that the five design patents are so very much unlike one another that it is very hard to imagine that any product could actually infringe more than one of them at a time ; anything close enough to one of them to be deemed an infringement would , by that fact alone , be too dissimilar from the other four .
The dissimilarity of the Tartan connector from each of them is readily evident .
I should add that , for the purpose of this letter , I am assuming that these patents are valid .
This is in no way a concession of the point .
In fact , this is a very significant and likely inaccurate assumption , and you should expect the patentability of these designs to be under attack if you commence an action for infringement .
The fact that you have presented me with five completely distinct design patents , I have to say , gives me pause .
I would go over them and detail the differences between the Tartan connectors and those shown in the patents , but if you are taking the position that it appears you are taking , there might be very little point in discussing it with you .
Take , for example , the patent you mark as Exhibit B .
The connector shown there is substantially different from the Tartan connectors in every respect , unless one ignores design specifics and focuses on the core attributes of the connector which are dictated by function .
If your view of Exhibit B is that it is to be construed broadly enough as to encompass the Tartan connector , it is very hard to imagine that there is such a thing as a solder - assembly style RCA plug which is not similarly , in your view , encompassed by this patent .
And , needless to say , it is very hard to imagine that any court would ever adopt such a view of the patent 's scope ; if you file on this sort of basis , you are in Rule 11 frivolous - claim territory .
I will point out , though you are no doubt already well aware , that the gross morphology of the RCA plug is pretty well dictated by function .
RCA plugs intended for soldering and assembly have certain attributes in common ; their diameter is constrained by the need for the shell to fit over an internal set of solder points and cable clamp , and their length by the need to provide some room for cable end prep and attachment ; they are generally radially symmetrical along the anterior / posterior axis owing to the need to accommodate both a round - profile cable and the round - profile RCA socket ; the connector end is constrained by the standard dimensions of the RCA socket , and by the need , as the socket provides for no bayonet or screw attachment , to provide sufficient tension on insertion to maintain good mechanical and electrical contact ; the barrel , grasped by the user for the purpose of insertion and removal , requires traction which is typically provided by raised or recessed rings , plastic inserts , knurling , or the like ; and transition between the connector and the cable to which it is attached requires , in one form or another , a reduction in barrel size at the connector rear .
It is my assumption , since you cite design patents only and no utility patents , that Monster Cable makes no claim here for any functional aspect of any of these designs ; if I am wrong , please let me know what utility patents Monster Cable does hold , and what claims , if any , Monster asserts on the basis of those utility patents .
Further , on that point : one of the design patents you attached is closely related to a utility patent applicable to the same design , and you failed to point that fact out .
I need to be able to rely upon the completeness and accuracy of the information you send to me and I find this sort of omission deeply disturbing because it is clear that the effect of this nondisclosure is to obscure the real significance of the patent features .
Similarly , as I note further below , you omit reference to another patent Monster has held which appears , frankly , to be fatal to your position .
If you expect to persuade me , you had better start making full , open and honest disclosures ; I will find out the facts sooner or later in any event , but the impact upon your credibility will not be repaired .
It looks like when you sent this letter , you were operating on the premise that I am not smart enough to see through your deceptions or sophisticated enough to intelligently evaluate your claims ; shame on you .
You are required , as a matter of legal ethics , to display good faith and professional candor in your dealings with adverse parties , and you have fallen miserably short of your ethical responsibilities .
My sense , in looking at these five patents , is that either you are attempting to present some argument that I simply do not understand or you are arguing for untenably broad coverage of these patents which would sweep every functional aspect of the typical solder - assembly RCA connector within the scope of a handful of mere design patents .
You need to clarify this , and frankly , I think you need to indicate to me which , if any , of these patents you actually contend are relevant to the present discussion .
It can not possibly be that you believe that more than one of these patents is pertinent , and if you insist that they are , we cannot have an intelligent dialogue on this subject .
Once you have identified the patent which you contend is relevant , I need to see the file history and the references to prior art ; I need copies of the applicant 's correspondence with the USPTO ; and I need a clear and cogent explanation from you as to exactly what aspects of the Tartan connector design are alleged to constitute the infringement , and how .
Additionally , if you are able to identify any of these patents as applicable , please let me know whether Monster Cable presently sells , or has at any time sold , any products bearing connectors which are in conformity with the patent drawings or which are otherwise contended to be within the coverage of the patents , and identify those products for me .
Please also provide photographs and / or physical examples of these connectors as manufactured and sold .
Also , please provide me all of the information referenced above as it relates to your expired patent D323643 , a copy of which I am attaching .
I will need to know what products Monster now offers or at any time has offered for sale which were believed to fall within the scope of D323643 , and what claims , if any , of infringement of D323643 were made against others by Monster , whether those claims of infringement took the form of correspondence only , litigation , or otherwise .
Please let me know which , if any , products Monster has ever sold or offered for sale which were marked with the patent number , or other reference , to D323643 .
Please also advise me whether , in your view , the Tartan connector does or does not fall within the scope of D323643 , and if it is your view that it does not , please identify each and every difference between the Tartan connector and the connector represented by D323643 upon which your view is based .
( On that note , let me point out to you that the " turbine cut " feature is irrelevant here as your client makes only functional , not design , claims for that feature in its marketing materials for the product . )
I would assume that you would agree with me that if the Tartan connector is less dissimilar from the D323643 patent than from any of the five patents you cite in your letter , then the Tartan connector is within the coverage of the prior art and cannot , as a matter of law , infringe any of your client 's current patents .
I must also point out that unless there is a good deal of background information you have not provided me which makes the case otherwise , Monster Cable cannot possibly square its patent infringement claim (s ) with its own patent history .
Two views of the matter might be taken ; the first , which is my view , is that none of the design patents , including D323643 , encompass the Tartan connector .
If that is so , of course , the claim for infringement fails .
But if one grants the sort of breadth to these patents that you appear to wish to do , a problem arises for Monster .
D323643 is the least dissimilar to the Tartan connector of any of the patents , and stands as an obstacle to any claim of infringement of the others because it establishes prior art ; if its scope , like the others , is granted the breadth you argue for , then the Tartan connector falls plainly under the prior art and cannot constitute an infringement of the later , and more dissimilar , patents .
Read the patents narrowly , and Monster loses ; read them broadly , and Monster loses .
You are welcome to point out any error in my reasoning ; but I have to say that I will be unreservedly surprised if you are successful in doing so .
Please also let me know whether Monster Cable or any related entity has brought actions to enforce any of the patents and trademarks referenced in your letter or above , and provide me with the jurisdiction , court and docket information pertaining thereto , along with copies of any decisions or judgments resulting therefrom .
If any such litigation proceeded through discovery , I will need all discovery responses , including document production , issued by Monster , as well as copies of any and all depositions taken and the exhibits thereto .
Further , if any of these patents or trademarks has been licensed to any entity , please provide me with copies of the licensing agreements .
I assume that Monster Cable International , Ltd. , in Bermuda , listed on these patents , is an IP holding company and that Monster Cable 's principal US entity pays licensing fees to the Bermuda corporation in order to shift income out of the United States and thereby avoid paying United States federal income tax on those portions of its income ; my request for these licensing agreements is specifically intended to include any licensing agreements , including those with closely related or sham entities , within or without the Monster Cable " family , " and without regard to whether those licensing agreements are sham transactions for tax shelter purposes only or whether they are bona fide arm 's - length transactions .
Once I have received the above materials and explanations from you , I will undertake to analyze this information and let you know whether we are willing to accede to any of the demands made in your letter .
If my analysis shows that there is any reasonable likelihood that we have infringed in any way any of Monster Cable 's intellectual property rights , we will of course take any and all action necessary to resolve the situation .
If I do not hear from you within the next fourteen days , or if I do hear from you but do not receive all of the information requested above , I will assume that you have abandoned these claims and closed your file .
As for your requests for information , or for action , directed to me : I would remind you that it is you , not I , who are making claims ; and it is you , not I , who must substantiate those claims .
You have not done so .
I have seen Monster Cable take untenable IP positions in various different scenarios in the past , and am generally familiar with what seems to be Monster Cable 's modus operandi in these matters .
I therefore think that it is important that , before closing , I make you aware of a few points .
After graduating from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1985 , I spent nineteen years in litigation practice , with a focus upon federal litigation involving large damages and complex issues .
My first seven years were spent primarily on the defense side , where I developed an intense frustration with insurance carriers who would settle meritless claims for nuisance value when the better long - term view would have been to fight against vexatious litigation as a matter of principle .
In plaintiffs ' practice , likewise , I was always a strong advocate of standing upon principle and taking cases all the way to judgment , even when substantial offers of settlement were on the table .
I am " uncompromising " in the most literal sense of the word .
If Monster Cable proceeds with litigation against me I will pursue the same merits - driven approach ; I do not compromise with bullies and I would rather spend fifty thousand dollars on defense than give you a dollar of unmerited settlement funds .
As for signing a licensing agreement for intellectual property which I have not infringed : that will not happen , under any circumstances , whether it makes economic sense or not .
I say this because my observation has been that Monster Cable typically operates in a hit - and - run fashion .
Your client threatens litigation , expecting the victim to panic and plead for mercy ; and what follows is a quickie negotiation session that ends with payment and a licensing agreement .
Your client then uses this collection of licensing agreements to convince others under similar threat to accede to its demands .
Let me be clear about this : there are only two ways for you to get anything out of me .
You will either need to ( 1 ) convince me that I have infringed , or ( 2 ) obtain a final judgment to that effect from a court of competent jurisdiction .
It may be that my inability to see the pragmatic value of settling frivolous claims is a deep character flaw , and I am sure a few of the insurance carriers for whom I have done work have seen it that way ; but it is how I have done business for the last quarter - century and you are not going to change my mind .
If you sue me , the case will go to judgment , and I will hold the court 's attention upon the merits of your claims -- or , to speak more precisely , the absence of merit from your claims -- from start to finish .
Not only am I unintimidated by litigation ; I sometimes rather miss it .
I will also point out to you that if you do choose to undertake litigation , your " upside " is tremendously limited .
If you somehow managed , despite the formidable obstacles in your way , to obtain a finding of infringement , and if you were successful at recovering a large licensing fee -- say , ten cents per connector -- as the measure of damages , your recovery to date would not reach four figures .
On the downside , I will advance defenses which , if successful , will substantially undermine your future efforts to use these patents and marks to threaten others with these types of actions ; as you are of course aware , it is easier today for your competitors to use collateral estoppel offensively than it ever has been before .
Also , there is little doubt that making baseless claims of trade dress infringement and design patent infringement is an improper business tactic , which can give rise to unfair competition claims , and for a company of Monster 's size , potential antitrust violations with treble damages and attorneys ' fees .
I look forward to receiving the information requested and will review it promptly as soon as it is received .
Sincerely ,
Kurt Denke
Many thanks to Blue Jeans Cable for allowing us to reprint this letter .
This article was reported by C. J. Chivers , Eric Schmitt and Nicholas Wood and written by Mr. Chivers .
Since 2006 , when the insurgency in Afghanistan sharply intensified , the Afghan government has been dependent on American logistics and military support in the war against Al Qaeda and the Taliban .
But to arm the Afghan forces that it hopes will lead this fight , the American military has relied since early last year on a fledgling company led by a 22 - year - old man whose vice president was a licensed masseur .
With the award last January of a federal contract worth as much as nearly $ 300 million , the company , AEY Inc. , which operates out of an unmarked office in Miami Beach , became the main supplier of munitions to Afghanistan ’s army and police forces .
Since then , the company has provided ammunition that is more than 40 years old and in decomposing packaging , according to an examination of the munitions by The New York Times and interviews with American and Afghan officials .
Much of the ammunition comes from the aging stockpiles of the old Communist bloc , including stockpiles that the State Department and NATO have determined to be unreliable and obsolete , and have spent millions of dollars to have destroyed .
I am a huge New England Patriots fan .
I was born just west of Boston , Massachusetts and even though I no longer live in New England , the Patriots will always be my team in my heart .
My mother and father imparted to me a love of the game of football , and a deep loyalty to the Patriots , in good years and bad .
This was supposed to be a good year .
Somehow right now , it feels worse than the year they went 1 - 15 .
I ’ve been quietly sitting here licking my wounds for the past few days , mulling over the idea of perfection and setbacks and what it all means .
I ’d written as much of a post as I could muster about stumbling along the way vs losing it all at the end on the heels of the Patriots superbowl defeat , but then BeThisWay published her excellent post about life lessons and what we could learn from the superbowl this year , so I ’m going to take a slightly different tack .
For those uninitiated in the ways of football , the Patriots went undefeated in the regular season , and with a win in the superbowl would have become only the second team in NFL history to have a perfect record .
But then they lost to the underdog Giants , and now they are simply another 18 - 1 team , but without even a superbowl win .
As my mother always says , almost only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades , so almost perfect does n’t mean all that much right now .
For the Patriots .
The Giants were far from perfect in the regular season , and that does n’t matter any more either , because they won the superbowl , and are now the champions .
I do n’t think there is a Patriots fan out there that would n’t trade the perfect regular season of the Patriots with the superbowl win of the Giants .
I know I would .
There are those who say that if the Patriots had lost a game or two along the way , they ’d be the champions right now .
I do n’t know if that is true or not , but it appeals to my sense of logic .
Being perfect is a lot of pressure in and of itself , and without the pressure of perfection , the Patriots might have managed to play better in the superbowl and walk away with the win .
I know firsthand about the pressures of perfection , for I am a perfectionist through and through .
When I went through my recent car repair saga , I let myself get really worked up about having to finance part of the repair bill .
Honestly , it felt like I ’d irrevocably failed .
I know that is n’t true , and I know it is just one setback along the road to achieving debt freedom , but the use of credit really got under my skin and into my brain .
I was really attached to being able to say I had n’t used credit since 2003 .
We ’d had many setbacks in the past four + years of concentrating on debt reduction , but we ’d always managed to avoid increasing our debt totals .
Until now .
But unlike the Patriots , this is n’t the end of my journey .
There is loads of debt reduction ahead of me , and I ’ll recover from this setback and move forward past it before you know it .
But does it matter that I ’m in the middle and not at the end ?
What if this was the end ?
What if I was already debt free and then had to go back into debt because of some sort of huge financial setback ?
Then I ’d be the Patriots , and I ’d start over .
This is n’t the end for them either , it is just the start of the next try for perfection .
Or at least , a superbowl win .
It feels awful right now , but in a few short months , it all resets , and we try again .
And that ’s the life lesson I ’m trying to internalize .
Nothing ’s forever , nothing is set in stone , and we all can only do the best we can and recover gracefully from our defeats and move forward .
What happens next is the true mark of what this team is , and I hope they ’re as good an example as I expect them to be .
I could use a few lessons on recovering gracefully from defeat myself .
If you enjoyed this post , make sure you subscribe to my RSS feed
You can also : Stumble It !
Bookmark
Submit to Reddit
Submit to Tip’d
Mr Obama accused Mr Bush a " launching a political attack " Barack Obama has accused George W Bush of attacking him after the US president compared those in favour of talking to terrorists to Nazi appeasers .
The White House has denied that the remarks - from a speech to the Israeli parliament - were aimed at Mr Obama .
Mr Obama , who is the frontrunner to become the Democrats ' presidential nominee , has argued in favour of negotiating with the Iranian regime .
But he has ruled out talking to militant organisations like Hamas .
' False comfort '
" Some seem to believe that we should negotiate with the terrorists and radicals , " said Mr Bush in his speech .
" We have heard this foolish delusion before .
As Nazi tanks crossed into Poland in 1939 , an American senator declared : ' Lord , if I could only have talked to Hitler , all this might have been avoided . '
We have an obligation to call this what it is - the false comfort of appeasement . "
Mr Obama responded in a statement : I understand when you 're running for office you sometimes think the world revolves around you ... it is not true in this case
Dana Perino
White House spokeswoman
" It is sad that President Bush would use a speech to the Knesset on the 60th anniversary of Israel 's independence to launch a false political attack .
George Bush knows that I have never supported engagement with terrorists . "
But White House spokeswoman Dana Perino rejected Mr Obama 's interpretation of the president 's remarks , saying " there are many who have suggested these types of negotiations with people that the president ... thinks that we should not talk to " .
" I understand when you 're running for office you sometimes think the world revolves around you , " she added .
" That is not always true .
And it is not true in this case . "
The BBC's James Coomarasamy in Washington says the row indicates that Republicans have identified Senator Obama 's Middle East policy and his perceived weakness amongst Jewish voters as a key point of attack , should he , as many expect , be Republican John McCain 's opponent in the November election .
Mr Obama raised eyebrows last year when he first stated his support for direct negotiations without preconditions with the controversial Iranian President , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
His position has been criticised , not only by John McCain , but also by Mr Obama 's rival for the Democratic nomination , Hillary Clinton .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
INDIANAPOLIS ( Reuters ) - Democratic U.S. presidential candidate Barack Obama denounced huge pay packages for U.S. corporate chiefs on Friday in a drive to convert middle - class anger about the U.S. economy into votes .
Democratic presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama ( D - IL ) addresses supporters during a campaign stop at Columbus East High School in Columbus , Indiana , April 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / John Sommers II
“ Some CEOs make more in one day than their workers make in one year , ” Obama said , jockeying for position against rival Democrat Hillary Clinton in Indiana , which votes on May 6 .
Campaigning in Pennsylvania , which holds its primary election on April 22 , Clinton proposed a $ 4 billion - a - year boost in federal spending to help cities and states fight crime , aiming to halve murder rates in America ’s most dangerous cities .
The New York senator announced the plan in Philadelphia , which has the highest homicide rate among the 10 biggest U.S. cities and is a major battleground in her race for the Democratic presidential nomination .
Obama , who is leading Clinton in national polls and has about 130 more nominating delegates than she does , trails Clinton in Pennsylvania , the next major test for her struggling campaign .
Multimillion - dollar pay practices at the highest levels of corporate America have been an easy target for politicians as Americans reel from the mortgage and credit crises that have the U.S. economy teetering on the brink of an election - year recession .
Clinton and Republican presidential candidate John McCain also have criticized big payouts for chief executive officers who benefit hugely even when their companies are struggling .
“ We ’ve seen what happens when CEOs are paid for doing a job no matter how bad a job they ’re doing , ” Obama said .
“ We ca n’t afford to postpone reform any longer . ”
The first - term Illinois senator has introduced “ say - on - pay ” legislation that would give investors more of a voice in setting executive compensation packages .
He said the legislation needs to be approved immediately .
He later acknowledged to reporters that getting the bill moving quickly in the Senate could be tough , although his spokeswoman , Jen Psaki , said he would make it a priority if he is elected president in November .
“ POLITICAL ATTACKS ”
Obama took a shot at McCain over the issue , saying that while the Arizona senator has spoken out on corporate pay , “ when he ’s had the chance to do something about this problem , he ’s opted for continuing the do - nothing approach ” of President George W. Bush .
McCain spokesman Brian Rogers dismissed Obama ’s criticism , saying the legislation Obama was promoting was non-binding and would not cap or limit CEO pay and that “ it sounds like more typical Washington shenanigans than ‘ new politics of hope and change . ’ ”
Slideshow ( 6 images )
McCain , campaigning in Texas , said shareholders should be more active in determining executive pay but that the federal government should stay out of it .
“ In all due respect , if the government starts deciding what salaries of businessmen and women are , I think that ’s something that certainly flies in the face with my philosophy about the role of government in America , ” he said .
As the Democratic candidates focused on domestic issues , they also could not resist some jabs at each other .
Obama said he was surprised that Mark Penn , who was Clinton ’s chief campaign strategist until his resignation on Sunday , had been lobbying for the Colombian government on behalf of a free trade treaty that Clinton opposes .
“ I ’m not surprised that Sen . Clinton found herself in an uncomfortable position as a consequence and I know that if staff of mine were putting me in that kind of position , I would get rid of them , ” he said .
The Clinton campaign responded by renewing charges that an Obama economic adviser had quietly told the Canadian government not to take seriously Obama ’s rhetoric against the North American Free Trade Agreement between the United States , Canada and Mexico .
“ When Sen . Obama ’s top economic adviser told the Canadian government not to take his anti-NAFTA rhetoric seriously , he first denied that the meeting ever occurred , and when that proved false he took absolutely no action .
It ’s good to know he has a higher standard for our campaign than his own , ” said Clinton spokesman Jay Carson .
( Additional reporting by Claudia Parsons ; Writing by Steve Holland ; Editing by Doina Chiacu and Bill Trott )
The goal of socialism should be to iterate itself out of existence .
Its purpose is to keep negative aspects of human behavior in check for the common good , but only temporarily .
Socialism is a control system necessitated by the presence of severe human flaws .
This is to say , if any semblance of equality is to be attained given these primal vices , some sort of socialism will be required .
But it is not an ideal .
In fact it ’s the opposite , and every responsible proponent of the ideology should realize that the goal of socialism should be to allow its beneficiaries to grow to the point that it ’s no longer needed .
You ca n’t reach the ultimate goal of anarchy ( self rule ) or its younger brother , libertarianism , without the highest levels of individual responsibility and underlying concepts of mutual respect and connectedness .
These are precisely the characteristics that immature and primal societies lack , hence the need for intervention .
So socialism is an intermediary phase between young , primal societies ( which need the most controls ) and those that require no interference from the state .
The goal of socialism should ultimately be anarchy .
The question is whether an acquisition of E.D.S. would give Hewlett - Packard the inside track it is looking for in competing against I.B.M. and other rivals .
And the answer on Monday from Wall Street analysts was a decidedly mixed one .
Hewlett - Packard ’s stock price seemed to reflect the uncertainty , falling after news of a potential deal began to circulate .
The stock closed the day at $ 46.83 , down nearly 5 percent .
Shares of E.D.S. closed at $ 24.13 , up 28 percent from Friday ’s close .
“ It ’s a very significant combination , ” said Ben Pring , a research vice president in the IT Practices Group at Gartner .
But “ people who are skeptical of big integrations will have a field day around this , ” he said .
“ It ’s putting together two large businesses with two different heritages .
It ’s going to be a big culture clash . ”
E.D.S. has a storied past .
Founded in 1962 by Ross Perot , it pioneered the outsourcing of data management as well as the management of entire data centers .
In 1984 , he sold the company to General Motors , but it was a rocky relationship and he left the company two years later .
G.M. spun off E.D.S. in 1996 .
E.D.S. , based in Plano , Tex. , is familiar and comfortable with acquiring and integrating new operations because that is its business .
Hewlett - Packard successfully integrated Compaq and has reorganized its core businesses to cut costs and provide cash for growing businesses .
Business services had been a laggard division for H.P. , but Ann M. Livermore , the executive vice president responsible for what the company calls its Technology Solutions Group , has made it profitable and grow as fast as the rest of the company .
H.P. has acquired a string of enterprise software companies including Mercury Interactive , Opsware and Neoware , in recent years .
( H.P. considered several years ago purchasing P.W.C. , a major consulting firm , only to lose it to I.B.M. )
But the size of the proposed merger with E.D.S. would pose more daunting challenges .
E.D.S. has 140,000 employees , to H.P. ’s 172,000 .
About two - thirds of the E.D.S. employees are located in the United States , which means Hewlett - Packard would be buying a relatively expensive workforce compared to the fast - growing lower - cost competition based overseas , said A.M. Sacconaghi Jr. , an industry analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Company .
Teacher Caught on Tape : Kindergartner ' Ignorant , Pathetic , Self - Absorbed ' Parents sent 5 - year - old son to school with tape recorder in his pocket .
May 27 , 2008  -- Ignorant .
Pathetic .
Self - absorbed .
Those are some of the harsh names an Indiana kindergarten teacher called one of her students , and the boy 's parents captured it all on tape .
Five - year - old Gabriel Ross complained over the school year that his teacher , Kristen Woodward , was being mean to him , said his mother Tabitha McMahan and stepfather J.R. Edwards .
Gabriel told them other kids did n't like him because he was " bad and stupid . "
When he began acting out at home , they decided to take action and try to find out what was going on in the classroom .
So in mid-April , McMahan and Edwards sent Gabriel to school with a tape recorder in the pocket of his cargo pants .
What they heard over four hours of tape shocked them .
Woodward can be heard telling Gabriel that he had " tortured and tormented " her and other teachers all year .
" I 've been more than nice to you all year long and you 've been ignorant , selfish , self - absorbed , the whole thing !
I 'm done ! " Woodward says to Gabriel on the tape .
She continues : " Something needs to be done because you are pathetic !
If me saying these words to you hurt , I hope it does because you 're hurting everyone else around you . "
Gabriel can be heard crying on the tape .
" You think it 's bad when you see it on paper , but when you are hearing the way she says it to him .
I can't even talk about it , " McMahan told ABC affiliate WHAS , breaking into tears .
Edwards said that the worst part of the tape was when Woodward singled Gabriel out in front of the whole class .
" So you guys think , is that somebody you want to be with ? "
Woodward asks the class .
In unison , the other students reply , " Noooo . "
" See , your friend does n't want to be with you .
I do n't know what else to tell you .
So you 're not going to have friends because of your actions . "
Teacher Suspended
After 13 years of teaching , Woodward has been suspended indefinitely , according to the Indiana State Teachers Association .
The teachers ' association is defending Woodward , saying that she " lost her cool " that day and has n't had a chance to tell her side of the story .
" What do you say to a kid who 's rolling around , punching , biting , kicking ?
What can a teacher do ? "
Mooney said to the newspaper .
Woodward did not respond to phone messages from ABC News .
The New Albany - Floyd County Consolidated School Corp. issued a statement saying , " Privacy issues and policy prohibit school officials from discussing ongoing investigations of employee misconduct . "
Parents Worry About Long - Term Effect
Gabriel 's stepfather , J.R. Edwards , told ABCNEWS.com that all the children in the class are given weekly progress reports and have frequent meetings with the teacher .
He said Gabriel 's reports had both " smiley faces " for good behavior and " frown faces , " which indicates the student needs help in a certain area .
Gabriel 's reports said he was sometimes " disruptive " and did n't keep his hands to himself .
Two weeks into the school year , Edwards said Woodward talked about setting up a " behavioral plan " for Gabriel , but when he approached Woodward to discuss the plan , she allegedly said , " I do n't have time for this . "
Edwards also said that Gabriel 's behavior at home did n't make them think he was acting up at school .
" He 's not perfect , but he 's not out of control , " Edwards said .
After hearing the tape , Edwards and McMahan pulled Gabriel out of school and are trying to figure out which school to send him to next year .
They are also exploring the possibility of pursuing a civil or criminal action against Woodward and the school district .
But Edwards said they are most concerned about the psychological impact the entire situation has had on Gabriel .
" I hope this does n't affect him long - term , in his feelings about school or teachers , " Edwards said .
" We 're going to seek some kind of help for him . "
Jesse Alexander , the executive producer of the popular TV - shows ' Heroes ' and ' Lost ' and Matt Mason , author of ' The Pirate 's Dilemma ' , are working on a new TV - show about piracy .
The show will be based on Matt 's book , and will show how important pirates are for today 's society .
Matt recently told us that he has been working on turning the book into a TV show with Jesse Alexander , the Executive Producer of the popular TV - shows Heroes and Lost .
“ It all happened a few months back when I was in LA talking to Disney , Matt told TorrentFreak , adding “ We are trying to get this made into a 13 - part TV show . ”
The upcoming show aims to educate people about the history of piracy , and how it shapes our future .
Pirates are innovators , they signal market problems and lead the way to new business models .
Nevertheless , they are often tagged as thieves .
In many cases , piracy is helping old businesses to innovate , and it helps to create new legitimate market spaces .
Here ’s a teaser .
You can find Matt ’s articles on Torrent Freak here .
Also , his book “ The Pirate ’s Dilemma ” is now available as a free download , if you do n’t want to pirate a copy .
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) -- Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki arrived in Tehran on Saturday for a visit with top Iranian officials , his office said , while car bombings renewed violence at home .
The hulk of a car lies smoldering in a Baghdad street Saturday after a car bombing .
Al - Maliki is expected to discuss a wide range of issues , including Iran 's alleged backing of insurgents in Iraq .
The long - term security relationship being negotiated between the United States and Iraq also could be on the agenda .
Al - Maliki , along with lawmakers and Cabinet ministers , is to meet with Iranian supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and other senior officials , according to Iran 's Islamic Republic News Agency .
Concerns that Iranian agents are training and arming Shiite militants in Iraq have persisted .
Iraqis and Iranian leaders alike are also concerned about the long - term security relationship the United States is forging with Iraq .
A government official said al - Maliki will underscore to Iran that any long - term agreement willl not permit " American forces to launch attacks or conduct warfare or any kind of aggression against any neighboring country from Iraqi soil . "
Al - Maliki 's media adviser , Ali Hadi , said negotiations are in their " very early stages . "
" The treaty is purely an Iraqi - American treaty ; the Iranians have nothing to do with it .
We will not discuss the progress or the key elements of agreements or disagreements with them because this is an Iraqi issue , " Hadi said .
The visit to Iran is al - Maliki 's third since he became prime minister more than two years ago .
The two countries , which are neighbors , both have Shiite Muslim majorities .
Bombings in Baghdad on Saturday afternoon killed four people and wounded nearly two dozen others , an Interior Ministry official said .
A parked car bomb exploded near a bus station in Tayaran Square in central Baghdad , killing three civilians and wounding 15 others .
A suicide car bomb struck a police patrol in Nisoor Square in western Baghdad , killing a police officer and wounding seven people , including four police officers .
Meanwhile , coalition troops in northern Iraq killed four militants and Iraqi soldiers working to keep the peace in Baghdad 's Sadr City seized a large quantity of weapons , the U.S. military said .
U.S. and Iraqi troops are taking on Sunni insurgents in Nineveh province and Shiite militants in Sadr City , where a cease - fire is in place after weeks of fierce fighting between troops and militia groups .
Troops near Baaj , about 80 miles southwest of Mosul , killed the four in raids on " foreign terrorist safe houses . "
They destroyed two buildings , weapons , and a vehicle , the military said .
Iraqi soldiers in Sadr City found caches containing rifles , rocket launchers , rocket - propelled grenade propellants , mortar and artillery rounds , an anti-tank mine , and explosives .
They also found fake ID cards , license plates , videotape , and telephones , the military said .
CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .
All About Iraq • Iran • Sadr City
Members of the White Ribbon Alliance , which promotes safe motherhood in Burkina Faso , show the problems women face in motherhood
The story of Yeruknesh Mesfin 's death starts on the day of her birth , in an Ethiopian village so remote that its name , Goradit , literally means " cut off " .
At 10 days old , Mesfin was circumcised by a local woman , and by the age of seven , with no education , she was put to work looking after her family 's cattle .
At 13 , she was abducted and raped by a 32 - year - old farmer , who married her ; soon afterwards , she became pregnant .
Without any medical advice during the whole nine months , she went into labour , " clutching her pillow , calling repeatedly for her mother while tears flowed down her cheeks " .
Her husband called for help , but the complications proved too difficult for the village 's traditional birth attendant .
In desperation , the men of the village carried Mesfin to the nearest hospital , where both she and her baby died .
She was 15 .
Mesfin's tale is one of many in Stories of Mothers Lost , a book by the White Ribbon Alliance , a worldwide movement of grassroots organisations concerned with maternal mortality .
Member groups were asked to commemorate a woman in their community who had died in pregnancy or childbirth , and responses flooded in .
The project was inspired by the horrendous worldwide statistics surrounding maternal mortality : the fact that a woman dies in pregnancy or childbirth each minute , which adds up to a conservative estimate of 536,000 maternal deaths each year - some believe the toll could be as high as 872,000 .
While one in 8,200 women in the UK dies in pregnancy or childbirth , in the poorest , most conflict - riven countries , including Niger , Afghanistan and Sierra Leone , that figure rises to a stark , inexcusable , one in eight .
These deaths are highly preventable .
It is not a question of finding a vaccine or a cure , of brilliant scientists labouring over test tubes .
In many cases , it 's not even a question of governments having to find huge amounts of cash : it is estimated that 80 % of maternal deaths could be prevented at little or no cost .
It is a matter of advocacy and will .
This is an issue that has been on the global agenda for two decades now .
In 1987 , the World Health Organisation , and other groups , launched the Safe Motherhood Initiative to try to reduce the toll of maternal deaths ; in 2000 , the UN made that same pledge number five in its list of Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) , challenging the world 's richest nations to cut maternal mortality by 75 % between 1990 and 2015 .
They are not on target .
Only two in five women in sub-Saharan Africa have the assistance of a skilled attendant when they give birth , a situation mostly unchanged since the 1990s .
And it 's fatal shortfalls like these that mean that the maternal mortality ratio , which needs to decline by 5.5 % a year to reach that MDG target , is actually decreasing by less than 1 % each year .
Those working in the field speak of " three delays " that contribute to the death toll .
The first is the delay in seeking care , which may be because a woman has to wait for permission from the decision - maker of her family , because she knows the family could be bankrupted by hospital costs , or does n't recognise early enough that her pregnancy is running into trouble .
For instance , Stories of Mothers Lost includes the story of Sapna , a woman in India , who delivered two children safely at home , but was too scared to seek hospital care when her third pregnancy ran into complications .
She died soon after giving birth .
The second delay regards transportation , which may be unaffordable , unavailable , or simply take too long .
Brigid McConville , director of the White Ribbon Alliance in the UK , illustrates this with the story of a female doctor she met in northern Tanzania who had encountered a woman at her clinic whose uterus had ruptured .
Her baby had died , " but there was still time to save the woman 's life , " says McConville , " so the doctor kicked the generator into action , gave her an emergency hysterectomy and brought the baby out . "
One of the baby 's arms was missing .
" The other attendants were saying , ' Sister , you did this so fast , you must have cut the arm off , where is it ? '
But they could n't find it .
So the doctor went to talk to the woman 's husband , who was very quiet .
It emerged that he had brought his wife to the clinic on the back of his bike - 50 km , over rough track - and she had had a prolapse , and the baby 's arm had fallen out .
As they cycled , this arm kept getting caught in the spokes of the bicycle , and so the man had had to decide what to do .
To save his wife 's life , he had to cut the baby 's arm off . "
The third delay is in receiving care - a woman might arrive at a facility , having spent her labour on the back of a truck , only to find that there are no staff , that there is no blood for a transfusion , or that services are at a price she could never afford .
Or they will arrive to find a queue around the block .
" In Malawi , " says McConville , " I visited maternity wards where there would be 100 women in labour in the courtyard , and only two working midwives . "
And in these conditions , the women who survive labour are often physically injured - it 's estimated that for every woman worldwide who dies in childbirth , 30 become disabled , injured or ill .
Many of them suffer obstetric fistula , a hole opening up between their birth passage and either their bladder or rectum , which results in permanent incontinence .
Women with the condition are often abandoned by their communities due to their inability to have more children .
Each country 's situation is different , but a huge general improvement in health facilities is a clear necessity , so that every mother has ready access to affordable care .
There also needs to be a massive increase in the number of skilled doctors and midwives in developing countries .
Access to family planning services is key - it 's estimated that if contraception was easily available worldwide , the maternal mortality ratio would plummet by 20 % , or even 30 % .
Hand in hand with that last measure goes the availability of safe , legal abortion .
The third biggest cause of maternal death is unsafe terminations .
More generally , it needs to be recognised that this is a major women 's rights issue .
Globally , the movement to address maternal mortality is well under way and is making significant progress .
In Tanzania , tens of thousands of women and men marched this year and last .
In India there have also been significant marches .
McConville would like to see similar demonstrations worldwide , as well as women in the UK sending for White Ribbon film packs , available through the organisation 's website , which they can watch with friends , before doing a whip - round .
" Write letters to your local paper , your national paper , to the government , " she says .
Both Sarah and Gordon Brown have spoken on this issue recently , placing it firmly on the political agenda ; the Alliance also has events coming up at the South African world economic forum in June , and at the G8 in Japan in July .
This issue is naturally one that affects whole communities .
Babies and young children who have lost their mothers in childbirth are up to 10 times more likely to die prematurely than their peers .
McConville tells me of a woman she met in a town in Somalia , known " as the Town of Death .
I was there with a journalist who wanted to photograph a family eating lunch , and we went from this ravaged street , with lots of young men lying around with Kalashnikovs - I was terrified - into this courtyard , which was a haven of peace .
There were five children sitting around , eating out of a bowl in the middle , and their mother was a local nurse , called Nurta .
As we talked , she said , ' See that little boy ' , and she pointed to one of the children , ' I 've never told him this , but he 's not my son .
I was working in the town , a few years ago , during one of the waves of famine , and I found a woman who had died on the street , who had this newborn baby still suckling her breast .
I could n't do anything for her .
All I could do was to pick up her baby , and bring him home ' . "
· To buy a copy of Stories of Mothers Lost ( £ 25 ) , or order a White Ribbon Alliance film pack , visit Whiteribbonalliance.org /
As the CIA well knew , if the tapes had become public - especially in the aftermath of the Abu Ghraib revelations - they would have evoked a wave of shock and revulsion in the United States and around the world , and confirmed that Abu Ghraib , far from an aberration , was the outcome of US government policy .
Hayden made the improbable claim that the tapes were destroyed to protect CIA interrogators from retaliation by Al Qaeda .
He wrote in his letter that the CIA halted the practice of taping interrogations in 2002 , after only a few recordings had been made .
-- Counter Currents
Today 's # 5 story on Countdown resembled Keith Olbermann 's many Special Comments as he tore apart President Bush , his lies and cruel treatment of our soldiers by fact - checking his speech about Iraq this afternoon .
Download Download
President Bush has decided to put a hold on troop withdrawals , but tries to give the appearance that he 's actually reducing troop levels .
He also reduced tours of duty for our soldiers from 15 months to 12 , but with a cruel caveat -- it does n't apply to any troops currently in Iraq or those deploying before August .
Olbermann rips
Bush for saying troop morale would plummet if we were to lose in Iraq by not fulfilling HIS goals , pointing out that some 120 soldiers committed suicide last year alone , and for them , the war is already over .
A lot of people are looking at the current Clash of Clans update , but it seems it did n’t meet the expectations of the fans .
Part of the new rumors was the alleged update that brings about a fourth hero , shipwreck , and a gem mine into the mix .
For the moment , the new update from Supercell only involves the Heal Spell event , which allows players to take advantage of the 90 % price reduction .
The company then announced to its official Web page on Twitter that fans should be happy about this discount , which can be of great help when making raids .
Major Update
Well , it is not the end of good things to come , because Supercell has re-confirmed about a major update to be released for the game Clash of Clans .
Although the announcement has been made , it was indicative of a May 2017 event instead .
New Hero , Gem Mine , Shipwreck ?
The good thing though is the possibility of the rumors to be true and that the new major update for Clash of Clans will indeed include a shipwreck , a 4th hero , and a gem mine .
Thus , most players who has temporarily left the game might come back and re-install it on their mobile devices .
Rumors About New Heroes
According to rumors , if there should be a 4th hero to be highlighted in the Clash of Clans , it will either be a Wizard King or a Goblin Hero .
Apparently , if it is going to include a new gem mine , there will be a currency that will be brought to the game to allow players to train some new troops with it .
For the record , it is not the intention of Supercell to reveal too much information about the Clash of Clans update .
Nevertheless , the said rumors about the upcoming major update should be more than enough to lure back lost players into the game .
A British charity , Save the Children UK , said it had uncovered evidence of sexual abuse of children , some as young as 6 , by United Nations peacekeepers and by workers from other international aid groups .
The finding was based on field research in southern Sudan , Ivory Coast and Haiti .
United Nations officials said the report reflected a continuing problem , despite efforts in recent years to establish conduct and discipline units in all the missions .
Comments made about my last two diaries " Parasites : Real and Imagined " and " Bad Logic and Reasoning About Taxes " indicate a lot of confusion about the difference between voluntary and coerced interactions .
The comments in question are " Or you consider that if an INDIVIDUAL takes your money , that 's OK but if govt does it - that 's not ? " and " Libertarians support privatization and fees for roads , etc. , but you should n't pay the government .
Flawed logic . " .
To a libertarian the difference between paying a person or company for a good or service one desires and having the government take money by force ( against ones will ) is obvious .
Not so , apparently , to the Progressives .
In their world view an interaction is an interaction , and that 's that .
This is where the Progressive 's " logic " breaks down .
While Progressives will stand with libertarians in condemning individuals for stealing from one another , they seem to consider that the same act done by government is acceptable .
This ignores morality and Human nature .
The immorality of stealing needs no going over ( or so I hope ) .
What separates Humans from the rest of the animal kingdom is our intelligence , our minds .
That is our means of survival .
When we interact voluntarily we respect each others judgment ( minds ) about what is best for us and can , therefore , mutually benefit from the interaction .
For any system of social organization to be moral it must recognize this .
A system based on coercive government and taxation is , therefore , immoral and bound to cause harm .
A more in - depth explanation here .
John McCain ’s famed temper , the one that makes several of his GOP Senate colleagues question his readiness to be president ( apparently they disagree with Hillary ) , was on full display today :
The following is an ABC News transcript of the conversation :
New York Times correspondent Elisabeth Bumiller : Senator can I ask you about Senator Kerry .
I just went back and looked at our story , the Times story , and you told Sheryl Stolberg that you had never had a conversation with Kerry about being , about Vice President –
John McCain : Everybody knows that I had a private conversation .
Everybody knows that .
That I had a conversation .
There ’s no living American in Washington –
EB : Okay .
McCain : – that knows that , there ’s no one .
EB : Okay
McCain :
And you know it too .
You know it .
You know it .
So I do n’t even know why you ask .
EB : Well I ask because I just read –-
McCain :
You do know it .
You do know it .
EB : Because I just read in the Times in May of ’04 you said .
McCain : I do n’t know what you may have read or heard of , I do n’t know the circumstances .
Maybe in May of 04 I had n’t had the conversation —
EB : But do you recall the conversation ?
McCain : I do n’t know , but it ’s well known that I had the conversation .
It is absolutely well known by everyone .
So do you have a question on another issue ?
EB : Well can I ask you when the conversation was ?
McCain : No . Nope , because the issue is closed as far as I ’m concerned .
Everybody knows it .
Everybody knows it in America .
EB : Can you describe the conversation ?
McCain : Pardon me .
EB : Can you describe the conversation ?
McCain : No , of course not .
I do n’t describe private conversations .
EB : Okay .
Can I ask you –
McCain : Why should I ?
Then there ’s no such thing as a private conversation .
Is there ( inaudible ) if you have a private conversation with someone , and then they come and tell you .
I do n’t know that that ’s a private conversation .
I think that ’s a public conversation .
EB .
Okay .
Can I ask you about your ( pause )
Why you ’re so angry ?
McCain : Pardon me ?
EB : Nevermind , nevermind .
Dedicated to the defence of the truth in an age of media control .
REJECTING AND DENOUNCING ….I ’m pretty much willing to let John Cole have the last word on Jeremiah Wright and all the other lefty bugbears being peddled 24/7 by Fox News :
And you know what ?
They may be assholes , or jerks , or whatever term you want to use , but they sure as hell did n’t run this economy into the ground .
They are n’t responsible for turning a huge surplus into a several hundred billion dollar deficit .
I have yet to read any memos from Barbra Streisand detailing how we should spy on American citizens .
…. Maybe it is because I am totally and unrepentantly in the tank for Obama , but I just ca n’t get worked up over what his pastor said .
Maybe it is because I am not religious , and I am used to religious people saying things that sound crazy .
Or maybe I just refuse to spend any more time and energy getting worked up over and denouncing , distancing , and rejecting the wrong people — people who really do n’t matter in the big scheme of things .
If you have a memo from Jeremiah Wright to John Yoo showing how we should become a rogue nation , let me know .
If you have pictures of Jeremiah Wright voting against the GI Bill , send it to me .
If you have evidence of Jeremiah Wright training junior soldiers on the finer aspects of stacking and torturing naked Iraqi captives , pass them on .
Until then , I just ca n’t seem to get all worked up about the crazy scary black preacher that Obama has to “ throw under the bus . ”
Sitting in his office beneath a portrait of himself , Robert Mugabe cut a lonely , pitiful figure in his first in - depth interview for nearly 30 years , moved to tears at the memory of his lamented friendship with the Queen .
Moments later , however , his eyes sparked with anger , betraying his vengeful nature .
The 84 - year - old Zimbabwean President was talking to author Heidi Holland , and her ' psycho - biography ' depicts a deluded leader who still has the power to bring everything right for his country - on condition he gets a phone call from Downing Street .
' His issue is with Britain , ' said Holland , whose book , Dinner With Mugabe , has just been published by Penguin South Africa .
' Even today , he sees the white farmers as British .
Given the history and the behaviour of Britain , there is logic - a twisted logic - to his thinking .
It 's all very well for Britain to say he is beneath contempt .
But it is they who have to talk to him if the crisis is to end . '
Holland , a white Zimbabwean living in South Africa , spent 18 months lobbying for the interview , which she finally obtained in December .
' I had been waiting in Harare for five weeks and had been vetted and grilled .
In the end I received a call telling me I should be at State House in half an hour .
I arrived at 10 am and three hours later His Excellency - " HE " as everyone calls him - received me . '
Holland 's only previous meeting with Mugabe was in 1975 when she cooked for him at a clandestine dinner in Salisbury ( now Harare ) .
When he left , it was to go to Mozambique to lead guerrillas fighting Rhodesian white rule .
He became Prime Minister in 1980 .
To write her book , Holland talked to three psychologists .
' I needed help in understanding how events in Mugabe 's life , including his childhood , had impacted on his internal narrative . '
By the time Mugabe was 10 , his father had left home and his older brother had died .
' Mugabe has a thin skin and shaky self - image .
When rejected or humiliated , he turns to revenge .
His relationship with the British government has the intensity of a family feud . '
Holland saw evidence of Mugabe 's ire whenever she hit on controversial subjects such as the Gukurahundi ( the killing of up to 30,000 Ndebeles in the Eighties ) .
He told her : ' Gukurahundi , what was it ?
You had a party with a guerrilla force that wanted to reverse democracy .
And action was taken .
And , yes , there might have been excesses , on both sides .
There is no regret about the fact that we had to defend the country .
But excess , where it happened , yes .
Any death that should not have happened is a cause for regret . '
When Holland suggested that the economy was failing , Mugabe angrily insisted that it was ' a hundred times better ' than that of most African nations .
' Outside South Africa , what country is like Zimbabwe ? ' he said .
' Even now , what is lacking now are goods on the shelves , perhaps .
That 's all .
But the infrastructure is there .
We have our mines , you see .
We have our enterprises .
We do n't even have to go two years .
Look at what we will do next year , and you 'll be surprised . '
Some interviewees told Holland that the land invasions that began in 2000 and have deprived hundreds of whites of their farms may have been initially supported by Mugabe but got out of hand .
' He denies this , of course , ' says Holland .
' But what is most interesting is that ... he really thought the British government would do something .'
But Britain , under Tony Blair , proved the equivalent of a disappointing parent , quick to scold and unwilling to listen .
When the Labour government made it clear it felt no obligation to subsidise further programmes of land acquisition because previous compensation had been misused , Mugabe went ballistic .
' He was nearly crying when he told me that Blair " even poisoned Prince Charles and the Queen against me " .
' I think he granted me the interview because he feels he is getting old and it's time to put certain things on the record .
But he expects to win the election and probably will .'
Asked how he would like to be remembered , Mugabe said : ' Just as the son of a peasant family who , alongside others , felt he had a responsibility to fight for his country and was grateful for the honour that the people gave him in leading them to victory over British imperialism . '
“ A GREAT management team will find a good opportunity even if they have to make a huge leap from the market they currently occupy . ”
Thus Arthur Rock , a legendary figure in the venture - capital ( VC ) industry who has argued that it is more important to find outstanding management teams than to try picking winning businesses .
His track record , which includes backing the creators of Apple Computer , suggests Mr Rock 's belief that first - class entrepreneurs are what matters most to start - up success has much to commend it .
With tougher economic times looming , it seems an especially good time to put one 's faith ( and cash ) behind an experienced management team with a history of success .
Of course , investors ideally want to back firms that have brilliant managers and a brilliant business model .
But some venture capitalists favour the former .
The view that excellent leaders can make the critical difference to a new company permeates the classroom as well : ask any gathering of MBAs if it is the business “ horse ” or the management team “ jockey ” that matters most in an investment appraisal and a sizeable number of students will pick the jockey ( perhaps because they fancy sitting in the start - up saddle themselves one day ) .
Yet a new study * shows that in the real world most venture capitalists put far more emphasis on the runners than the riders .
The study 's authors — Steven Kaplan of the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business , Berk Sensoy of the University of Southern California and Per Strömberg of the Swedish Institute for Financial Research — look at a sample of 50 firms backed by ten different VC companies , examining their early business plans and then tracking their performance through to initial public offering ( IPO ) and several years beyond .
Most of the early - stage business plans they scrutinise were produced between 1995 and 1998 by firms from a range of different industries .
The biggest sector was biotech , which accounts for 17 of the firms .
The research shows that during the period the academics studied — typically from three years before IPO to three years after — only one of the 50 firms changed its line of business and none made acquisitions in areas outside their core activity .
In other words , the horses pretty much stayed on the same track .
But the jockeys often changed .
At the end of the period covered by the research , only 44 % of the CEOs were the same ones involved at the time that the initial business plans had been drawn up .
There had been significant turnover among other senior executives too , such as the chief financial officer and chief marketing officer .
The implications of this are clear : investors are far more likely to change a firm 's managers than its strategic direction .
To test the validity of their findings , the researchers studied all American IPOs that took place in 2004 .
After removing flotations of closed - end funds and other financial investment vehicles , they were left with 106 offerings , 88 of which involved VC - funded companies .
Again , they looked closely at the IPO prospectuses of the firms and at online databases of business news to see if they could identify any significant shifts in their business models .
And again they found that only a handful had strayed from their early business plans .
The companies were far less faithful to their original leaders : over the period covered by the research , half of the chief executives were replaced by the firms ' owners and only a quarter of the other senior managers remained the same .
Such turnover does not mean that managers are irrelevant to a successful start - up : after all , the new CEOs in the sample were given an average of 4 - 5 % of the equity in the firms that they were brought in to run , which is proof of their value .
But it 's clear that most venture capitalists do n't consider them the vital factor in a winning business plan .
Indeed , many well - known investors have minted money by backing start - ups in markets they think have explosive growth potential , even if the firms ' managers are not seasoned hands .
Take , for instance , the example of Donald Valentine of Sequoia Capital , a leading Silicon Valley VC company .
In 1987 he encouraged his firm to invest in a little - known start - up called Cisco , even though the company had been shunned by many other investors who thought it had a feeble management team .
Looked at another way , there is scant evidence that a brilliant management team can take a lousy horse and turn it into a race - winning champion .
As Warren Buffett , the Sage of Omaha , likes to remind his many followers : “ When a management team with a reputation for brilliance backs a business with a reputation for bad economics , it is the reputation of the business that remains intact . ”
“ Should Investors Bet on the Jockey or the Horse ?
Evidence from the Evolution of Firms from Early Business Plans to Public Companies ” , by Steven Kaplan , Berk Sensoy & Per Strömberg .
Forthcoming in the Journal of Finance .
Demo is a four - letter word
Gran Turismo 5 : Prologue
Developer : Polyphony Digital
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment
Platform : PlayStation 3
Price : $ 39.99 ( Shop. Ars )
Rating : Everyone
Gran Turismo 5 : Prologue features 70 vehicles .
Six tracks .
Online play .
On paper , it looks like a robust experience ; supporters of the game bristle when it 's called a demo on message boards .
Having played the game for the past few days I can tell you ... it 's a demo .
I wanted to avoid calling it that , and I did n't think that criticism was fair when it was being leveled against the $ 40 release , but after spending a significant amount of time racing around the game 's six tracks and collecting those cars , a demo is exactly what this is .
The Real Driving Simulator : or at least part of it
The game is already a huge hit in Europe , and it 's being released as both a Blu-ray disc at retail and a digital download via the PlayStation Store ; if nothing else , it 's the latest evidence that Sony is on the right track by allowing " full " games to be sold online .
The only difference between the two is the " Beyond the Apex " documentary included on the disc , but the 18 - minute video should be up all over the Internet in a matter of minutes , if it is n't already .
There is no compelling reason to choose to have physical media over the download unless you simply like to have that disc and case .
Well , there is one : the online version needs to have an Internet connection to play .
That means if you travel with your system and can't find a network connection , you 're out of luck .
When I call Prologue a demo , I do n't mean that as a knock against the mechanics of the game , and there are certainly worse ways for you to spend your $ 40 .
But the fact remains : although Prologue is an amazing experience and one of the best showcases for the PlayStation 3 released so far , the thing that will be in the heads of gamers while they 're playing is " I can't wait for the full version . "
What Prologue does the best is show you just how good the full release of Gran Turismo 5 is going to be , while giving you just enough to support that $ 40 price point .
When I said this is an excellent showcase for the PlayStation 3 , I was n't just blowing smoke .
The game can run in 1080 p , it features incredible graphics , and the sounds of each car are perfect .
Crank the surround sound system .
Upgrade your television .
Make sure you are playing with a Dual Shock 3 so you can feel the rumble in the turns .
It 's all worth it .
Prepare for the worst tease of your gaming life .
" The collision judgment may be temporarily disabled ... "
I love modern gaming .
The game requires a 5 GB install , and there is an update already available , so be sure to set some time aside before you actually start playing .
Remember when you could just put your game in and go ?
The good news is that once everything is up and running , you 're greeted with the expected awesome - looking introduction movie and a new layout for the series .
The " My Page " set up is simple and attractive
The new " My Page " menu system is a nice step forward : you get a beautiful moving image of your car in different settings , and all your options are in one row at the bottom of the screen , under a calendar , clock , and weather information .
There is a news feed that promises new bulletins regularly , and of course GT - TV , which at the moment only has the introduction movie and the " Beyond the Apex " film .
Playing two - player , jumping online , or looking at your cars in the garage are all easy to get to via the menu 's XMB - like structure .
There are a few UI quirks that could have been cleaned up , however .
In the dealerships , you can only browse by manufacturer , and with only a limited number of cars for each , it can be time - consuming to dip in and out of the menu to browse ; being able to look at all cars available by price or by power would have been nice .
Also , if you 'd like to sell a car you own , you wo n't be able to do it if you 're in the car ; you have to go out of the menu , choose a different car to drive , and then sell the one you do n't want .
The game could n't just put you in the next car over ?
In events that require you to own a specific car , you can't buy the car on that screen , you have to go out to the main menu , go into dealerships , find your car , and then buy it from there .
Of course , in the dealerships you can go straight to the event , but it still feels needlessly time - consuming .
From WikiLeaks
JULIAN ASSANGE and DANIEL MATHEWS with EMI MACLEAN , MARC FALKOFF , REBECCA DICK and BETH GILSON ( habeas counsel ) .
Tuesday December 3 , 2007
Guantánamo bay detainees , blindfolded , ear - muffed , gloved and hooded , awaiting processing
Wikileaks has released the 2004 Standard Operating Procedures ( SOP ) manual for Camp Delta , Guantánamo Bay , Cuba .
The transparency group 's disclosure follows its widely reported release of the 2003 SOP manual only a few weeks ago .
A comparison between the two leaks reveals changes to official US detainee policy in exquisite detail File | Torrent | Magnet .
Wikileaks has also released another related sensitive US military manual entitled " Detainee Operations in a Joint Environment " , which is a defense - wide instruction manual for detainee operations including rendition flights , which has yet to be analyzed — Wikileaks invites journalists and the public to persue it .
Wikileaks journalists and leading Habeas Corpus lawyers from the Center for Constitutional Rights examined the 2004 SOP manual .
Among the key details found so far are :
1. Non-compliance with the Geneva Conventions remains official US Policy ,
according to leading Habeas Corpus lawyers from the Center for Constitutional Rights .
Systematic denial of Red Cross access to prisoners remains .
The use of dogs remains .
Segregation and isolation are still used routinely and systematically – including an initial period of at least 4 weeks " to enhance and exploit the disorientation and disorganization felt by a newly arrived detainee " , only terminated at the behest of interrogators .
Both manuals assert that detainees will be treated in accordance with the " spirit " of the Geneva conventions " to the degree consistent with military needs " , but never assert that the conventions are actually being followed at Guantanamo .
Put into practice , neither manual complies with the Geneva conventions .
2. Extraordinary increases in petty restrictions .
detail from the " Camp Delta Standard Operating Procedures " manual shows a camp layout at the Guantánamo Bay military detention facility .
No dictionaries or periodicals and no books about English or geography ; guards are not permitted to discuss " current " affairs , even including the then year old 2003 space shuttle disaster ; and no looking at ' distinguished visitors ' – down to precise procedures for bodily averting detainee gaze .
3. Increased hostility towards chaplains and Red Cross .
Despite criticism from the Red Cross , the 2004 manual uses even more hostile and suspicious language towards the international humanitarian body – and is still barred from access to some detainees .
Further , probably in response to the actions of James Yee , the prison chaplain who spoke out about conditions at Guantanamo Bay , new rules prevent the chaplain performing many duties without official authorization or accompaniment .
4. “ Medium security ” Camp 4 exposed as media sideshow .
A new chapter added rules for this separate prison , with personel required to have “ excellent public relations ( PR ) skills ” .
5 . “ Do n't do that again ! ” changes provide evidence for abuses .
Many rule changes have little other explanation than as response to particular abuses , raising questions for the Pentagon .
Did guards use Capsicum Spray on detainees merely for throwing water ?
Did guards eat portions of detainee meals ?
Were haircuts used as punishment ?
And more .
6. Changes reveal extent of suicide and self - harm attempts among detainees .
The extent and detail of these changes reveals the extent of problems among detainees – and also , the extent to which the military went to cover them up .
Page 135 of Detainee Operations in a Joint Environment one of many pages devoted to the detailed arrangements for the air - transportation , blindfolding , ear - muffing , gloving and shackling of US military detainees .
7. Pervasive spin via language control ' hunger strike ' becomes VTF - ' voluntary total fasting ' .
The word “ suicide ” is virtually removed from the document .
Even an attempted hanging requiring someone to cut down is categorized as “ self - harm ” , despite " self - harm " elsewhere being defined as actions that could not be fatal .
8 . Some things change , but some things remain the same .
Much of the manual is unchanged .
Military dogs are still used prevalently .
New detainees are still placed in isolation for 4 weeks .
Toilet paper is still regarded as a luxury “ comfort item ” .
Styrofoam cups are still confiscated if written on .
S ee
See also the as yet unreported document
Detainee Operations in a Joint Environment - rush - released leak
Sample quote from this unanalyzed document :
(1) On - board the aircraft :
( a) Detainees will be shackled ( cuffed ) to leg and wrist irons connected to belly irons and the aircraft .
( b ) Detainees will be blindfolded at all times .
( c ) Detainee ’s gloves will remain in place at all times .
( d ) Detainees will have ear / hearing muffs on .
External links :
Thanks to Jen Nessel from the Center for Constitutional Rights for additional co-ordination and Christopher Findlay for additional research , but most of all we would like to acknowledge our source , Peryton .
P ervasive changes
L anguage control
" hunger strike (s ) " changed to " Voluntary Total Fasting " or " VT F "
" suicide " changed to " self - harm " ( even though " self - harm " is elsewhere defined in the 2004 SOP as excluding potentially fatal behavior ) .
C haplain
Substantial reduction in the Chaplain 's role and powers .
T extual changes
" MP " ( military police ) becomes " guards " .
" golf carts " changed to " Gators " .
" Annex E Air Bridge Operations " becomes " Annex E/ SIPR Detainee Movement Operations ( DMO ) " .
" recreation " changed to " exercise " .
" MSU " , " Maximum Security Unit " changed to " SHU " , " Special Housing Unit " or " seggregation " .
P relude
Addition of " CAMP DELTA RULES " :- eight broard rules for detainees , to be publically posted around the camp .
The rules set out a doctrine of rewards and punishments .
They ban , among other things , " organized physical fitness " .
The general tone is given by the concluding line : " Your decision whether or not to be truthful and comply will directly affect your quality of life while in this camp . "
C hapter 1 : Introduction
SOP now updated every 30 days , as opposed to every 120 ( 1 - 2 e ) .
In US Personnel standards of conduct ( 1 - 7 ) , list of contraband items for personnel ( i.e US personnel can't have these things inside the facility ) .
Now includes personal mail / parcels , electronic devices such as DVD / CD players , PDAs and earrings .
Whistles , if clipped on a guard pocket , must now be clipped to the left pocket .
( an example of the minor changes ) .
DELETED
' All soldiers will carry the US SOUTHCOM Human Rights Standing Orders ” card on them at all times . '
C hapter 2 : Command and Control
Sargent of the Guard increased from 3 to 4 on each shift .
C hapter 3 : Detainee Reception Operations
Some reorganisation .
Section 3 - 2 moved to Infantry SOP .
New sections 3 - 8 - 3 -12 .
Preparations for detainees arriving / leaving .
Before leaving , detainees are given items including prayer beads , prayer cap , Koran , book , bag , jeans , klenex , wet wipes , comb .
In addition two PSYOP ( psychological operations ) messages are to be broadcast about the detainee and a feast prepared for departing detainees in camp 4 .
No major substantive changes .
C hapter 4 : Detainee Processing
4 -18 ( Post processing ) remains the same " Collect and turn over handcuffs , leg irons , padlocks , and goggles to the JDOG S - 3 Section for return to the Air Force . "
Some change to section 4 - 20 ( Behavior management plan ) .
Purpose unchanged : “ to enhance and exploit the disorientation and disorganization felt by a newly arrived detainee in the interrogation process ” .
For phase 1 ( first 2 weeks ) , still no ICRC or chaplain contact , no books or mail , one styorofoam cup , one bar of soap , etc .
Now they get Koran , but still no prayer beads or prayer cap .
After phase 2 ( second 2 - week period ) , the interrogator will give them prayer beads and prayer cap .
Phase 2 still fosters dependence on interrogator , prevents contact with the ICRC ( Red Cross ) and keeps the detainee at the most severe isolation / punishment level ( 5 ) until the intelligence group changes classification .
i.e without intervention , detainees face severe conditions , including isolation from the ICRC for one month .
“ MSU ” ( Maximum security Unit ) now called “ SHU ” ( Special Housing Unit ) .
C hapter 5 : Detention Facility Operations
Substantial reorganisation / consolidation / addition of technical / procedural sections .
Section on Capsicum Spray ( was 5 - 10 , now 5 - 2 ) : still used to control unruly detainees .
Previously “ Do not use OC to respond to spitters or urinators ” , now “ Do not use OC to respond to spitters , urinators or water throwers . ”
New procedures for decontamination of individuals suffering from spray .
New section on video camera operations , guidelines for filming incidents ( 5 - 16 , 5 - 16a ) , which includes the rather incredible statement " Think like an editor as you shoot !
Let technique master technology ; do n't let technology become your master .
The best equipment in the world will never replace creativity and reasoning " , apparently taken from http://www.crime-scene-investigator.net/videoguidelines.html
" VIDEO GUIDE LINES FOR EVIDENCE SCENES " .
New section 5 - 19 on Quick Reaction Force training .
Drills now to take place at least once per every eight hour shift .
C hapter 6 : Cell Block Operations
New sections in overview 6 - 1 .
No items to be left within reach of a cell .
“ Numerous items left in these areas have been grabbed by detainees and taken into their cell . ”
Headcounts ( 6 - 2 ) more often .
Previously a random headcount in every 2 - hour shift .
Now a headcount at the start of every shift , and an additional 3 random headcounts throughout the shift , max 3 hours apart .
Search section ( 6 - 3 ) expanded .
Step - by - step procedure for pat down searches ( including “ Search the flip flop ” ) .
Not allowed to touch detainee between waist and bottom of shorts .
Officer can request cavity search .
Addition in 6 - 4 ( searching the Koran ) .
If Koran damaged or destroyed by a detainee , the chaplain and interpreter will take the Koran from the detainee for at least 10 days .
“ The chaplain must ensure the block knows the Koran is being taken to protect the Koran , not punish the detainee . ”
Shackling policy ( 6 - 7 ) unchanged .
Shower and exercise policy ( 6 - 8 ) changed .
Previously 20 minutes recreation , 2 times a week , and level 1 detainees get 3 times a week .
Now level 1 detainees get 30 minutes for exercise .
Clarify that 5 minute shower time cannot be substituted for additional recreation time .
Previously level 1 detainees could walk to / from shower / recreation without leg irons , only handcuffs and waist belt ; now level 2 also included .
Now level 1 detainees exercise together in pairs .
Detainee mess operations ( 6 - 9 ) expanded .
Added : “ At no time will any guard force personnel eat any portion of a detainee meal . ”
Detailed contents given of MREs ( meals ready to eat ) , so that detainees do not retain wrappers / cutlery .
Section on handling of intelligence directed reading material whose library ID begins with " I " ( 6 - 12 f ) deleted .
Documentation and behavioral tracking section ( 6 - 15 ) substantially revised .
Addition to guidelines for passive intelligence collection by guards ( 6 - 16 ) : “ There is always significant activity occurring on a block .
There should be no DIMS SIGACT sheet filled out with “ Nothing to report ” . ”
Guards should note " Who is leader and who is follower " .
Other small revisions .
Addition to detainee standards of conduct ( 6 - 21 ) : “ Detainees may only hang wet clothing and linen items in cell windows so that they may dry .
Once dry , they must be removed .
Blankets or sheets may be temporarily hung up , no higher than half way up the cell walls , to provide privacy while using the toilet .
Once the detainee has completed using the toilet , the blankets and sheets must be taken down . ”
Edits to uniform an dress rules for detainees ( 6 - 23 ) : section on sleeves rolled up removed .
Detainees in camps 1 , 2 , 3 may now remove orange suit top while in cell or exercise .
New sections ( 6 - 24 , 6 - 25 ) for detainees with prosthetics , requiring walkers .
New section ( 6 - 26 ) : detainee comfort during inclement weather .
From December - March , window flaps put up 2300 - 0500 .
C hapter 7 : Sally Port Operations
A number of procedural changes .
Added paragraph ( 7 - 2 1 f ) , likely in response to smuggling by DoD personnel " All classified document pouches will be checked by feeling the bag for prohibited items .
If something suspicious is found , request that the individual remove the item for inspection . "
New section ( 7 - 8 ) on identification badges .
C hapter 8 : Detainee Behavioral Management
Purpose unchanged : consequences for negative / positive behavior .
Addition to discipline process ( 8 - 3 ) : “ Haircuts will never be used as punitive action against a detainee . ”
Addition to “ comfort items ” procedures ( 8 - 6 ) : linen and pens are to be exchanged one - to - one “ to track who is flushing items ” .
And level 1 travel - type toothbrush “ will only be issued once a month ” .
Detainee classification system ( 8 - 7 ) unchanged .
In section on confiscation of items ( 8 - 10 ) , all sections relating to suicide blankets and smocks removed .
Now “ All cells , except those designated for self - harm or have self - harm detainees in them , will have a mask to hold the Koran . ”
Previously incomplete section on additional toilet paper now completed : “ Guards need to ensure that the detainee does n't receive additional toilet paper when the detainee already has it .
The amount given to the detainee will be the same amount as normally distributed to the detainee . ”
C hapter 9 : Segregation Operations ( previously Maximum Security Units )
Addition to in - processing to segregation ( 9 - 1 ) : “ If a detainee has committed an offense that requires segregation time , even if a segregation cell is not available , the detainee will receive a shave and a haircut for hygiene and medical reasons .
If the detainee is IRFed , the haircut and shave will follow the decontamination process . ”
Add a paragraph ( 9 - 2 n ) to prevent detainees from covering more than half of their tiolet / shower window .
Changes to operations ( 9 - 3 ) : Now two guards always on patrol ( previously unspecified ) .
Now air conditioning set at 85 degrees ( previously within 5 degrees of last week 's average high temperature ) .
References to suicide prevention blankets removed .
Now each cell explicitly has an assigned Koran .
Now detainees may only cover the lower half of viewing window while using bathroom , and then covering must be removed .
Now no nail clippers issued during shower and exercise .
New section ( 9 - 4 ) : segregation time can be extended .
C hapter 10 : NAVSTA Brig Operations
No major changes .
C hapter 11 : Escort operations
Some reorganisation and expansion of technical procedures .
Added paragraph supressing visual contact between detainees and visitors ( 11 - 5 ) : " Upon the approach of any Distinguished Visitor ( DV ) , an escort team moving a detainee will stop movement and face the detainee away from the passing DV .
Once the DV or DV party has passed , the escort team will resume movement of the detainee . "
C hapter 12 : Detainee Property
No major changes .
C hapter 13 : Detainee Mail Operations
Mail Management System MMS database now called DOCEX ( Document Exploitation ) .
Some reorganization / consolidation of sections and procedures .
Incoming mail procedures ( 13 - 1 ) expanded : now there is an “ Initial Review ” .
In ICRC mail procedures ( 13 - 5 ) , warning against Red Cross taking out unscreened mail now capitalized : “ UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCE MAY UNSCREENED MAIL LEAVE THE DETENTION FACILITY . ”
Reasons for redacting mail removed from this chapter , instead reference is given to the new OPSEC section , appearing elsewhere in the document .
Extra capitalisation in warning against passing mail ( 13 - 19 ) : Was “ At no time should anyone from the detainee mail section pass mail or any other items from one detainee to another ” .
Now “ AT NO TIME should anyone ... ” .
And also for the Red Cross : Was “ At no time should ICRC reps pass any mail ” , now “ AT NO TIME should ICRC reps pass any mail ”
New sectio
C hapter 14 : Intelligence Operations
Communications matrix , link diagram ( 14 - 5 ) , leadership matrix ( 14 - 6 ) mail screening ( 14 - 8 ) unchanged .
Addition to JIIF Guard Personnel tasks ( 14 - 12 ) : “ Guards must physically inspect each room prior to and after a detainee occupies the room . ”
SCIF security ( 14 - 13 ) unchanged .
C hapter 15 : Linguist Operations
Document Exploitaiton DOCEX procedures ( 15 - 6 ) unchanged .
Substantial additional restriction in access to reading materials e.g for the most co-operative detainees ( level 1 ) there is now one book per week permitted with no renewal , with all requests going through and requiring approval from their interrogator .
Library procedures ( 15 - 9 ) reorganised , edited .
Addition : “ No current periodicals will come into the camp . ” .
All book requests must now go through the interrogator and be approved by the interrogator .
Still no English instruction materials permitted .
Levels 1 - 3 still allowed Koran , levels 4 - 5 can only receive reading material by exception at the interrogator 's request .
Additions to prohibited content ( still has extremism , anti-Semitism , anti-Americanism , etc. ) : “ Dictionaries ” , “ Language Instruction ” , “ Technology / Medical Updates ” , “ Geography ” .
Passive collection of intelligence by linguist section ( 15 - 10 , 15 - 11 ) removed .
C hapter 16 : Religious support
Chaplain 's freedom restricted ( 16 - 1 ) : Was “ The chaplain is authorized unaccompanied access to the detainee holding areas and will be allowed to speak freely with detainees ...
The chaplain may request an MP escort in circumstances where personal security is of concern . ”
Now “ The chaplain is authorized access to the detainee holding areas and will be allowed to speak with detainees ...
The chaplain will be assigned an escort . ”
From bad to worse in religious practices section ( 16 - 2 ) : Was “ At no time will personnel working at Camp Delta will not [ sic ] say or act in a manner that disrespectful [ sic ] to any religion or religious practice . ”
Now “ Personnel working at Camp Delta act in a manner that is disrespectful to any religion or religious practice . ” [ sic ! ]
Chaplain disempowered in section on chaplain requests ( 16-3 ) : In 2003 version , for fasting periods , chaplain writes an announcement to be read of the PA system and reads it .
In 2004 version , chaplain still writes announcement but interpreter reads the English version .
Chaplain further disempowered in section on muslim prayer ( 16 - 5 ) by shift to passive voice : Was “ The chaplain will provide prayer times and are announced by camp personnel [ sic ] . ”
Now “ Call to prayer will be announced over the PA ” .
Reference to chaplain in 16 - 13 removed : was “ The chaplain will provide specific religious items ” and the list of items .
In cultural considerations section ( 16 - 14 ) , some sentences removed : “ During Ramadan , the detainees will for the most part be non-argumentative and non-confrontational as to not upset their fast . ”
“ If you do not understand what is going on or have questions about some cultural practice , ask the Islamic Chaplain . ”
Religious items section ( 16 - 17 ) expanded with logistical details .
Meals no -longer required to be served promptly ( within 15 or 45 minutes ) after fasting ( 16 - 17 2 ) and ( 16 - 17 4 ) , but merely " after sundown " etc .
C hapter 17 : International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC )
Additions to operations procedures ( 17 - 2 ) : guards to identify detainees which are security risks to Red Cross ; Red Cross must be aware of “ scheduled guard feeding times ” and adjust their schedule accordingly ;
" The ICRC is restricted from all buildings without prior approval from JDOG operations except the Detention Clinic and the Detention Hospital . "
Visitations rules ( 17 - 3 ) essentially unchanged .
Same levels of visitation apply .
One slight change : ICRC may now visit other detainees on a block after visiting a specific deetainee , as long as the detainee 's visitation level permits the visit .
C hapter 18 : Food service
No major changes .
C hapter 19 : Detainee health services
Some reorganization of sections .
In restraint procedures ( 19 - 1 ) , reference to suicide prevention smocks deleted .
Section on self - harm blankets and smocks ( 19 - 3 ) deleted .
In Sick Room ( 19 - 4 ) , paragraph on medical treatment added : " In the event the Medical Officer / Designated Representative deems it necessary to evaluate a detainee in his cell , the medic or representative shall be accompanied by two guards after the detainee has been restrained in a three - piece suit .
Freeing of one limb at a time may be permitted for the purpose of conducting a medical exam . "
Section on combat lifesavers ( 19 - 7 ) shortened .
Section on hunger strike ( 19 - 8 ) renamed “ Voluntary Total Fasting and Re-Feeding ” .
Supplemental feeding ( 19 - 8 ) now considered when body mass index is below 16 .
C hapter 20 : Repair and Utility
No major changes .
C hapter 21 : Force protection
Formatting changes .
No major substantive changes .
C hapter 22 : Key control
No major changes .
C hapter 23 : External security operations
No major changes .
C hapter 24 : Immediate Reaction Force Operations
No major changes .
C hapter 25 : Quick Response Force ( QRF ) Operations
Minor changes to uniform section ( 25 - 5 ) .
C hapter 26 : Military Working Dogs ( MWD )
No major changes .
C hapter 27 : Operational Security ( OPSEC ) and Deceptive Lighting Plan
New section 27 - 6 OPSEC Guidelines and Violations : “ Some of our biggest OPSEC violations are things that do not increase our probability of attack from an external enemy , but instead make it more difficult for guards , interrogators , linguist , and medical personnel to complete our missions . ”
Do not discuss “ current world events or history .. such as the situation in the Middle East , the destruction of the Space Shuttle , or information concerning terrorist groups or personnel . ”
Do not discuss operational information .
Do not share “ opinions or initiate discussions ” about irrelevant topics , such as “ teaching detainees songs , phrases in English , Spanish , or other languages . ”
Do not allow detainees to see the sign - in roster .
“ This has led to a detainee knowing names of several US personnel . ”
Do not “ Conduct conversations critical of another unit ...
This also has happened , and will not be tolerated . ”
But “ OPSEC does not preclude a guard from asking a detainee how he is doing , ... or answering routine questions . ”
Do not record “ operational or detainee information anywhere but inside Camp Delta ... or keep personal journals with specific Camp Delta records and information . ”
Do not make any reference to a detainee 's identity other than his serial number .
“ OPSEC is not just keeping secret the big picture information like how many troops we have ” .
Rather many soldiers “ have information that could be detrimental to our mission if the media knew of it or detainees became aware of it . ”
C hapter 28 : Public Affairs
No major changes .
C hapter 29 : Transitions
No major changes .
C hapter 30 : Delta Behavioral Healthcare Block
Major expansion ( 2003 chapter seems unfinished ) .
Lots of details of medical care .
Section on “ Crisis / Mass Casualty Response ” 30 - 4 : “ The primary consideration in any crisis or mass casualty situation is security and safety . ”
Separate non-acute ( 30 - 5 ) and acute ( 30 - 6 ) sections , with self - harm precautions .
Procedures for restraints and seclusion ( 30 - 8 ) .
C hapter 31 : Supply Operations
New section on MRE sanitization ( 31 - 5 ) .
Lists contents of MREs ; items considered harmful are to be removed .
New section on equipment turn in ( 31 - 6 ) .
C hapter 32 : Emergency Action Plans ( EAPs )
Section on Attempted / Actual Self - Harm ( 32 - 1 ) ( previously “ Attempted / Actual Suicide ” ) much expanded with responsibilities for different officers and more detailed procedures .
Section on mass casualty incidents ( 32 - 10 ) much expanded / revised .
Particular responsibilities , detailed procedures .
New section on escape and apprehension ( 32 - 13 )
New section on alarm system ( 32 - 16 ) .
New section on “ Camp coordinated contraband search & seizure ” ( 32 - 17 ) .
Full search of the whole camp or part of it .
“ Best executed at night ” , takes 12 hours for camps 1 - 3 then 10 hours for camp 4 .
C hapter 33 : Camp 4 Standard Operating Procedures
New chapter .
Separate set of procedures for camp 4 “ medium security detention operations ” .
Focus includes “ medium security setting ” as “ incentive for detainees to cooperate ” , and “ increased privileges and rewards result in more cooperative detainee mind - set ” ( 33 - 1 ) .
Separate procedures for manning ( 33 - 2 ) , leave ( 33 - 3 ) , chain of command ( 33 - 4 ) , service and support ( 33 - 5 ) , personnel responsibilities ( 33 - 6 ) , general rules ( 33 - 7 ) , bay rules ( 33 - 8 ) , bay leader responsibilities ( 33 - 12 ) , laundry / linen exchange ( 33 - 13 ) , cleaning duties ( 33 - 14 ) , radio call signs ( 33 - 15 ) , fire evacuation plan ( 33 - 16 ) , gator maintenance ( 33 - 18 ) , logbooks ( 33 - 19 ) , radio / telephone transmissions ( 33 - 20 ) , NIPR accounts ( 33 - 21 ) , break area ( 33 - 22 ) , storage lockers ( 33 - 23 ) , PA system ( 33 - 24 ) , detainee movement ( 33 - 25 ) , medical personnel ( 33 - 26 ) , uniform ( 33 - 27 ) , detainee movement operations ( 33 - 28 ) , duress codes ( 33 - 29 ) .
Different types of recreation and separate rules for them ( 33 - 9 ) .
Normal recreation time 30 minutes then 30 minutes to shower .
1 hour for meals .
“ If a volleyball or soccer ball leaves the designated area , a detainee will request permission or receive acknowledgement [ sic ] to retrieve the ball . ”
“ Detainees will not climb any fence in Camp 4 . ”
Very detailed procedures for self - harm incidents ( 33 - 17 ) , down to 5 second intervals .
C hapter 34 : Commissions
New chapter .
Procedures for securing commission proceedings .
Sections for quick reaction force teams ( 34 - 1 ) , disturbances in the courtroom ( 34 - 2 ) , medical emergency ( 34 - 3 ) , fire ( 34 - 4 ) , bomb threat ( 34 - 5 ) , ambush while escorting detainees to hearings ( 34 - 6 ) .
A ppendex
R equired Reading
Additions :
In the aftermath of the quake , a handful of bricklayers and builders have visited Xinjian Primary School out of professional curiosity .
A builder from nearby Meishan City recognized the faulty columns and flooring problems .
Then he picked up a chunk of concrete from the rubble and rubbed it in his hands .
“ The ratio of sand and concrete is n’t right , ” he said .
“ It fell down because of cheap materials . ”
In Search of Justice
The parents of Xinjian Primary School posted an online petition last Wednesday .
They demanded justice for their children .
Local police officials have promised an investigation , but the parents are not satisfied .
They intend to protest again .
School represents hope in China .
The parents do not express it exactly like that , but they saw education as their children ’s only chance .
The cement factory that employed many parents  and provided cement for the school  went bankrupt in 2002 .
They now collect small welfare payments and hold down odd jobs to support their families .
Liao Minhui had aspirations for his daughter .
He knew that Xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .
So he tried to wheedle her into Beijie , the elite school .
He said he offered thousands of yuan to gain her admission , to no avail .
She died in the Xinjian rubble .
“ I tried very hard , ” Mr. Liao said .
“ I tried to get help from every well - connected friend I have .
Everything there is the best .
The teachers are the best .
The facilities are the best . ”
Jiang Xuezheng , 41 , is a small , wiry man whose simple manner betrays his country upbringing in a village about 200 miles away .
He has sold fruit in Dujiangyan for nearly a decade to support his family back in the village .
But to do this , he lived apart from his son for eight years .
00:47
Car Rally Goes Off The Rails In Maryland , Drunken Fights Everywhere , Many Tasered , 100 Arrested
This training is a good introduction for those working with the Anymeta system .
You 'll learn what makes Anymeta different from other websites , the basics of it and what to consider when ...
" The battle , Sir , is not to the strong alone ; it is to the vigilant , the active , the brave . "
- Patrick Henry
" Garmser is a planning , staging and logistics hub .
Once lost it will mean a severe defeat for them .
That is why they are reinforcing with insurgents coming from other places , both north and south . ”
By Jonathan Beale
BBC News , Tennessee
Stan Brock is like a 21st - Century Florence Nightingale .
RAM 's vintage plane was used to drop troops on D - Day He started a charity - Remote Area Medical ( RAM ) - more than 20 years ago to bring relief to those cut off from healthcare .
Originally it was to help poor tribes in the former British colony of Guyana , South America .
That is where he lived after leaving Preston , Lancashire , more than half a century ago - he still is a British citizen .
But now Stan spends most of his time bringing relief to the richest country in the world .
Production line Some 60 % of RAM 's work is now carried out in the United States .
Here in this country if you 're poor - you do n't have much of a shot
Stan Brock
Founder , RAM
On a wet , spring weekend he lands his vintage World War II aircraft - once used to drop American troops on D - Day - in Lafayette , Tennessee .
He bought the plane to parachute medics into the jungle .
Today he is unloading dentists ' chairs from the plane into a pickup truck .
By eight o'clock on Friday evening the first patients have arrived after travelling hundreds of miles .
They start queuing .
For one weekend RAM has turned a high school into a hospital .
Classrooms have become consulting rooms and the sports hall has been transformed into a production line to fill or extract painful teeth .
Volunteer nurses , doctors and dentists have flown in from all over the country to man the stations .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Like Stan , they are not getting paid .
By five o'clock on Saturday morning the line is snaking round the school .
State troopers are on standby to help .
The patients are handed numbers as they wait in the pouring rain .
' Working poor '
Most of those I speak to seem to have jobs , but cannot afford healthcare .
Medical staff are not paid to work for RAM
For one reason or another they do not have insurance .
They call themselves the " working poor " .
And then Stan Brock arrives with a loudspeaker to call the first batch in .
Once inside there is more queuing and waiting .
The patients slowly make their way to tables with yet more volunteers , who take blood pressure and medical history .
Among the sea of faces is Donna Pollard .
She wants a mammogram to check out a lump on her breast , as well as dental work and new eye glasses .
For her , this service is nothing short of a lifeline .
Healthcare is a luxury when you are struggling to pay the bills .
Then there is Ken Barbee .
At 64 , he has been working for most of his life .
But recently he had to give up his job as a truck driver to look after his sick wife .
By the time I catch up with him he has already got his new glasses - now he hopes to have his last few teeth removed .
Ken calls it " a shame " that people have to resort to charity for their healthcare in the world 's most prosperous country .
He feels let down : " We 're just pushed out there and told to do the best y'can . "
Election issue
And this is just the tip of the iceberg .
Patients travel hundreds of miles to receive treatment Some 47 million Americans have no health insurance .
Millions more are under -insured .
It is no wonder that healthcare is now such a big issue in the presidential race .
For a stoical Stan Brock , organising these clinics is both rewarding and depressing .
Come Sunday when it is time to pack up , he will be turning people away .
He watches over the whole operation wearing a neatly pressed khaki uniform , carrying a clipboard and pen , looking like a figure from the old British empire .
He has given his life to all this .
He takes no salary , and lives in an old school building in Knoxville , Tennessee , from where he plans RAM 's expeditions .
As for his views on America 's healthcare , Stan says : " We need to fix it ... fall into line with Britain and France .
" Here in this country if you 're poor - you do n't have much of a shot . "
In this one short weekend , RAM treated 550 people - 416 teeth were extracted , more than 200 pairs of glasses handed out .
The estimated value of this free treatment was nearly $ 1 m ( £ 500,000 ) .
So Stan Brock will continue flying in healthcare to rural Appalachia as well as the developing world .
He is also seriously thinking of returning to Britain - with a team of RAM volunteers .
He has heard his old country has a shortage of NHS dentists .
" I am sure we 'll get just as large a crowd as we 're getting here in the US , " he says .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Photo : David R. Lutman for The New York Times
related
When the hell is enough ever going to be enough for this administration ?
PITTSBURGH ( March 20 ) - A U.S.
House committee chairman has begun an investigation into the electrocutions of at least 12 service members in Iraq , including that of a Pittsburgh soldier killed in January by a jolt of electricity while showering .
Staff Sgt. Ryan Maseth , 24 , died January 2 of cardiac arrest after being electrocuted while showering at his barracks in Baghdad .
Also Wednesday , Maseth 's parents filed a wrongful death lawsuit in Allegheny County Court against KBR Inc. , the Houston - based contractor responsible for maintaining Maseth 's barracks .
An Army investigation found that his death was due to improper grounding of the electric pump that supplied water to the building , Waxman said .
Maseth died after an electrical short in the pump sent a current through the pipes .
Since 2003 , at least 12 service members have died in Iraq as a result of electrocution , according to the Army and Marine Corps .
The Army issued a safety alert that noted five soldiers had been electrocuted that year and improper grounding was a factor in nearly all of the cases .
The results of a survey of 1,341 European clubgoers , which were recently published in the journal BMC Public Health , indicate that a third of 16 to 35 - year - old males and a quarter of females intentionally drink alcohol to increase their chances of sex .
Drugs like marijuana , cocaine , and ecstasy were chosen to prolong or improve sex .
It 's no accident , the research team concluded , that sexual activity often accompanies substance abuse .
Courting a key voting bloc , Sen. Barack Obama campaigned at a synagogue Thursday , hoping to persuade Jewish voters to support “ a black guy ” with “ kind of a Muslim - sounding name . ”
Jettisoning his standard campaign speech , Obama talked instead about his support for Israel and the appeal of the Zionist dream to a biracial child whose family moved often .
“ The idea that one could hang on to one ’s sense of balance and have a sense of family and , despite being an outsider , somehow still had a place to connect to . . . was very powerful to me , ” he said .
Jewish voters typically make Florida competitive for Democrats , but this year may be different .
Advertisement
Obama has faced an e-mail campaign falsely claiming he is Muslim .
The former pastor of his church , the Rev. Jeremiah A. Wright Jr. , has praised Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan .
And Republicans are attacking him for his willingness to negotiate with Iran .
Obama acknowledged these hurdles and spoke of another .
“ One of the painful things for me over the past several years , ” he said , “ has been to see the strains between the Jewish community and the African American community . ”
He said he wanted to regain “ that sense of a common kinship , of a people who ’ve been uprooted , a people who ’ve been on the outside -- that strikes me as the very essence of what we should be fighting for . ”
Advertisement
Obama arrived at Congregation B’nai Torah to sustained applause , and several people wore buttons with his name in Hebrew .
But some tensions quickly emerged .
The first questioner praised Obama , then noted that a friend had said : “ If Barack Obama would change his name to Barry , I would vote for him . ”
Obama replied that as a child he was nicknamed Barry .
He is named after his Kenyan father , and as a young man he chose to use his full first name to acknowledge his heritage .
“ Let ’s be honest , part of what raises concerns is you ’ve got a black guy named Barack Obama , ” he said .
“ So people say , ‘ He ’s got kind of a Muslim - sounding name , and we do n’t know what ’s going on here . ’ ”
Advertisement
A man who identified himself as Michael Ackerman of Boca Raton read a list of Arab activists and intellectuals whom Obama had met with .
To scattered boos , he asked Obama to name Jews who could vouch for him .
Obama bristled as he rattled off several names , including Penny Pritzker , his campaign finance chairwoman ; Lee Rosenberg , a board member of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , a pro-Israel lobbying group ; and Abner J. Mikva , White House counsel to President Clinton .
“ One of the raps on me when I first ran for Congress in the African American community is ‘ He ’s too close to the Jewish community .
All his friends are Jews , ’ ” Obama said .
“ That ’s part of the reason why this kind of conversation is frustrating . ”
He concluded by noting that Republicans were passing out fliers warning that he is anti-Israel .
Advertisement
And he urged people to ignore the whisper campaign that he is Muslim .
“ If my politics are wrong , then vote against me because my politics are wrong , ” he said .
“ If I ’m not honest , if I am not truthful , vote [ against ] me for that reason .
“ But do n’t vote against me because of who I am -- and I know you won’t , ” Obama said to cheers .
“ And that ’s why I know we ’re going to win Florida and win America . ”
--
Advertisement
nicholas.riccardi@ latimes.com
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A drug developed using nanotechnology and a fungus that contaminated a lab experiment may be broadly effective against a range of cancers , U.S. researchers reported on Sunday .
The drug , called lodamin , was improved in one of the last experiments overseen by Dr. Judah Folkman , a cancer researcher who died in January .
Folkman pioneered the idea of angiogenesis therapy -- starving tumors by preventing them from growing blood supplies .
Lodamin is an angiogenesis inhibitor that Folkman ’s team has been working to perfect for 20 years .
Writing in the journal Nature Biotechnology , his colleagues say they developed a formulation that works as a pill , without side - effects .
They have licensed it to SynDevRx , Inc , a privately held Cambridge , Massachusetts biotechnology company that has recruited several prominent cancer experts to its board .
Tests in mice showed it worked against a range of tumors , including breast cancer , neuroblastoma , ovarian cancer , prostate cancer , brain tumors known as glioblastomas and uterine tumors .
It helped stop so - called primary tumors and also prevented their spread , Ofra Benny of Children ’s Hospital Boston and Harvard Medical School and colleagues reported .
“ Using the oral route of administration , it first reaches the liver , making it especially efficient in preventing the development of liver metastasis in mice , ” they wrote in their report .
“ Liver metastasis is very common in many tumor types and is often associated with a poor prognosis and survival rate , ” they added .
‘ ALMOST CLEAN ’ LIVERS
“ When I looked at the livers of the mice , the treated group was almost clean , ” Benny said in a statement .
“ In the control group you could n’t recognize the livers -- they were a mass of tumors . ”
The drug was known experimentally as TNP - 470 , and was originally isolated from a fungus called Aspergillus fumigatus fresenius .
Harvards ’s Donald Ingber discovered the fungus by accident while trying to grow endothelial cells -- the cells that line blood vessels .
The mold affected the cells in a way known to prevent the growth of tiny blood vessels known as capillaries .
Ingber and Folkman developed TNP - 470 with the help of Takeda Chemical Industries in Japan in 1990 .
But the drug affected the brain , causing depression , dizziness and other side - effects .
It also did not stay in the body long and required constant infusions .
The lab dropped it .
Efforts to improve it did not work well .
Then Benny and colleagues tried nanotechnology , attaching two “ pom - pom ” - shaped polymers to TNP - 470 , protecting it from stomach acid .
In mice , the altered drug , now named lodamin , went straight to tumor cells and helped suppress melanoma and lung cancer , with no apparent side effects , Benny said .
All untreated mice had fluid in the abdominal cavity , and enlarged livers covered with tumors .
Mice treated with lodamin had normal - looking livers and spleens , the researchers said .
Twenty days after being injected with cancer cells , four out of seven untreated mice had died , while all treated mice were still alive , Benny ’s team reported .
“ I had never expected such a strong effect on these aggressive tumor models , ” she said .
The researchers believe lodamin may also be useful in other diseases marked by abnormal blood vessel growth , such as age - related macular degeneration .
Highest Resolution Image of Dust and Sand Yet Acquired on Mars
This mosaic of four side - by - side microscope images ( one a color composite ) was acquired by the Optical Microscope , a part of the Microscopy , Electrochemistry , and Conductivity Analyzer ( MECA ) instrument suite on NASA 's Phoenix Mars Lander .
Taken on the ninth Martian day of the mission , or Sol 9 ( June 3 , 2008 ) , the image shows a 3 millimeter ( 0.12 inch ) diameter silicone target after it has been exposed to dust kicked up by the landing .
It is the highest resolution image of dust and sand ever acquired on Mars .
The silicone substrate provides a sticky surface for holding the particles to be examined by the microscope .
The Phoenix Mission is led by the University of Arizona , Tucson , on behalf of NASA .
Project management of the mission is by NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
Spacecraft development is by Lockheed Martin Space Systems , Denver .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona
Council paints over street artist Banksy 's graffiti murals - worth a fortune !
They are coveted pieces of modern art which fetch up to £ 1 million in auction and are owned by Hollywood royalty .
But to one council , murals by the reclusive street artist Banksy appear to be little more than worthless graffiti .
For soon after Banksy ’s latest work appeared on a North London street , conscientious workers from Islington Council have obliterated it , by whitewashing the offending wall .
Cover up : A whitewashed wall now hides the latest work by street artist Banksy
The 4ft by 4ft stencil , set on a lime green background , depicted two young girls sitting at a desk with a Kalashnikov rifle , playing with bullets rather than pencils .
The elusive Banksy , with his face hidden , was spotted painting the scene towards the end of last month .
But the mural , which would have been worth hundreds of thousands of pounds , was promptly painted over with masonry paint , after residents complained .
A local trader watched the artwork take shape and chatted to the secretive artist , who jokingly denied he was Banksy and said he was there to create an ‘ advertising promotion ’ .
A possible self - portrait of the elusive artist
The trader described the guerrilla painter , whose real identity has never been revealed , as ‘ a very nice and pleasant chap ’ in his 30s with a regional accent who was dressed in a green cotton army jacket and black jeans with closely - cropped mousy hair .
The trader , who did not want to be named , said Banksy told him he had painted the background colour on too thickly , and would have to wait until it dried before being able to use his stencils .
He said : ‘ I saw Banksy literally watching paint dry !
I told him it could be ruined soon , but he said as long as a few people saw it and enjoyed it , that was OK with him .
‘ The final mural was beautiful .
The council are idiots .
Why do n’t they concentrate on the real graffiti and leave street art for people to enjoy ? ’
A coveted piece of modern art : Art terrorist Banksy 's paintings ' are viewed by the council as graffiti
Last year , Islington Council compiled a list of works by Banksy in their area to prevent them being painted over by clean - up teams .
But one council spokesman now says : ‘ It ’s graffiti and we treat it that way , whether it ’s Banksy or not .
Residents in the houses opposite complained and we covered it up . ’
Banksy ’s work has been bought by stars such as Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt .
At an auction in New York earlier this year , a piece sold for £ 950,000 .
In an interview in The Mail on Sunday ’s Live magazine today , Banksy talks about his recent artistic assault on an entire street near Waterloo Station in London .
He said :
‘ Graffiti does n’t always spoil buildings .
In fact , it ’s the only way to improve a lot of them .
In the space of a few hours with a couple of hundred cans of paint , I ’m hoping we can transform a dark , forgotten filth pit into an oasis of beautiful art – in a dark , forgotten filth pit . ’
The first modern Olympics were hosted by Athens , Puccini's La Bohème premiered in Turin and Queen Victoria became the longest reigning monarch in British history .
The year was 1896 and in a corner of north - east London an ironmonger 's wife gave birth to a boy , Henry .
One hundred and twelve years later , Henry William Allingham is in rude health as the oldest man in Europe .
On Friday the First World War veteran will celebrate his birthday by watching a fly - past of vintage aircraft , including a Hurricane and a Spitfire .
On the same day George Francis , the oldest living American male , will also turn 112 .
It is thought the only man in the world who is older is Tomoji Tanabe of Japan , who turns 113 in September .
He says that abstaining from alcohol has kept him healthy .
Allingham , with a twinkle in his eye , has always attributed his own longevity to ' cigarettes , whisky and wild , wild women ' .
He was involved in the greatest naval clash of the First World War , the Battle of Jutland , and in 1917 was posted to France to service and rescue aircraft that crashed behind the trenches at Ypres and the Somme .
He fell into a shell hole ' full of legs , arms , ears , rotten flesh and rats ' in no man 's land and has never forgotten the stench of death .
Allingham attends remembrance events at home and abroad , gives interviews to the media , visits schools to talk to children at least 100 years his junior and has just completed an autobiography , to be published in October .
On his birthday , Allingham will be the guest of honour at a VIP lunch at RAF College Cranwell , near Sleaford , Lincolnshire .
The sole surviving founder member of the RAF will witness a fly - past by the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight and a parachute jump by the RAF Falcons display team .
Forty Cranwell Primary School pupils will present him with a birthday cake .
The great - great - great - grandfather will also be joined by eight family members from America .
Yet for more than 80 years Allingham never spoke about the war .
He was finally persuaded by Dennis Goodwin who , as founder of the First World War Veterans ' Association , organised reunions and trips for old soldiers .
' He 'd answer the door and not let me in , ' recalled Goodwin , his carer and the ghost writer of his memoirs .
' He 'd say , " I want to forget the war , I do n't want to talk about it . "
But I sent him letters about the reunions and gradually he let me in and we got talking .
Eventually I got him out of his flat in Eastbourne and took him to the pier .
He met other veterans and started to think , " I could do this . "
It was a very slow process - he 's essentially a very private man . '
Goodwin , 81 , added : ' We 're going to Trooping the Colour on 14 June .
Henry said , " I remember my mum took me there when I was seven .
I do n't know how she got a front - row seat . "
That would have been 1903 .
If you were looking for a role model , not many people would say Henry Allingham , but the mere fact he 's got to 112 and is still enjoying life is itself unique . '
Allingham remains in good health and lives at St Dunstan 's home for blind veterans in Brighton .
Max Arthur , author of the First World War oral history Last Post , said : ' He 's a very dignified , very gentle man .
He was so surprised to survive the First World War that he saw whatever came next as a reward .
He made the most of his life .
It does exemplify in my mind that , whatever age you are , never give up , and when in doubt , sing , which is what he still does .
Sheer defiance is the reason he keeps going .'
The diary for Allingham 's 113th year is already filling up .
In November he will attend a service at the Cenotaph in London to mark the 90th anniversary of Armistice Day , along with the two other surviving First World War veterans , Harry Patch , 109 , and 107 - year - old Bill Stone .
Allingham said : ' I 'm not the kid I used to be , but I still get around .
You make your own happiness , whatever age you are .
Seeing the funny side of life is useful , and I 've always had a sense of humour .
People ask me , what 's the secret of a long life ?
I do n't know . '
Longest innings
Landmarks in the life of Europe 's oldest man , Henry Allingham , 112 this week
1896 Henry William Allingham is born in Clapton , London , on 6 June
1898 His father dies from TB .
The photograph of Henry was taken the following year
1903 Watches WG Grace at The Oval
1915 Following the death of his mother at 42 , enlists with the Royal Naval Air Service
1916 Joins HMT Kingfisher , which is involved in the Battle of Jutland
1917 Posted to France and joins No 12 Squadron of the RNAS to rescue aircraft that crash behind the trenches
1919 Marries Dorothy Cater .
Works his way up to a senior position with Ford
1960 Retires to Eastbourne with his wife , who dies 10 years later
2003 Receives France 's highest military honour , the Légion d'Honneur
2007 Returns to The Oval to reminisce about watching WG Grace play there
5 Types of Church Technology You Will Want to Embrace Right Now
There is a lot of debate about the biggest challenge churches face today .
Some will say that it ’s a lack of unity .
Others will point to a lack of community .
The fact is that there are fewer people attending church and more people who identify as non-religious .
Church attendance has dropped significantly over the last 20 years .
In order to reach people where they are , you need to be online and utilize church technology .
Read on to discover the top technologies for your church .
“ For where two or three are gathered in my name , I am there among them . ” — Matthew 18:20
In light of the coronavirus pandemic , churches have had to adapt to these changing times and limit the number of people in attendance .
Many churches had to discontinue Sunday services and community functions .
In order to continue the rhythm of the church , and to worship in community , you need to have some kind of live streaming service to broadcast your services and community events .
Some churches will broadcast Sunday services on YouTube or Facebook .
They ’ll then offer smaller community events like bible study on Zoom .
2. Church Website
A website is a must because people expect your church to have one .
They go there to find information about the church and to learn more about the community .
It will also get your site listed in search engines , which is necessary if you want to attract new parishioners .
You can use your website as a complete resource .
Parishioners can go to the website to learn about events and download the latest service bulletin .
Your site needs to be optimized for mobile devices .
More people , both young and old access the internet on a mobile device .
3. Online Giving Platform
Donations to the church are going to take a significant drop this year because people are n’t attending Sunday services .
You can turn the tide by offering parishioners the opportunity to give online .
This is a platform that integrates with your website and accounting software .
People can set up regular giving intervals or one - time donations .
4. Accounting and Payroll
Financial stewardship is an important part of managing your church .
Having a complete accounting and payroll solution will help you manage the church finances .
Everyone responsible for the financial well - being of the church can be held accountable and have access to the same system and reports .
5. Church Management System
A church management system can keep track of your entire church .
There are some management systems , such as Icon Church Management , which can handle many of the tasks listed here .
There are some church management systems that are so robust , you ’ll end up paying for more features than you need .
You want to prioritize your needs and find the solution that matches them .
Invest in Church Technology for a Stronger Community
As more people turn to online resources for worship and information , you need to adapt accordingly .
Church technologies can bridge the gap between your parish and the church .
You need to assess what church technology is right for your parish .
You ’ll definitely need a website and some live streaming capabilities .
You ’ll also need a robust church management system that can help you keep track of
For more tech tips and news , visit the home page of this site for the latest .
[ читать русскую верси ю ]
A KP correspondent bet her editor she could go a week without Chinese goods and failed miserably .
She soon learned all the wonders of modern - day society are made in China — computers , phones , TVs and clothes .
Her penalty was a second assignment .
She had to live a week eating only Russian food products .
( See the first installment in KP's April 23 issue )
Russian porridge
I thought nothing could stop me after almost surviving an entire week without a computer , phone , TV and my other electronic lifelines .
So when my editor told me I 'd have to go a week without foreign food products when I lost the bet , I did n't think much of it .
" It 's all I eat anyways , " I said to myself .
Self - suggestion is a powerful tool .
And so I started my week optimistically hoping Russian food products were more abundant than Russian electronics .
My first task was to see what foreign foods I was eating already .
I opened my fridge and took a look inside .
What a sad and cold sight — three old and inedible Russian carrots .
My favorite lemon juice turned out to be made in Israel that I used for salad dressing instead of vinegar .
And speaking of salads , my tomatoes were from Turkey , onions from Crimea , peppers from Bulgaria , and I had no idea where my cucumbers were from ...
I ended up giving a whole basket of fruit to the neighbor 's kids , as well as my Swiss candy and chocolate .
I decided to keep the Martini for myself , though .
The broccoli in the freezer was from Poland and the ice was Russian .
( But what good was it now that I could n't drink my Martini ! )
" Eating only Russian food products is no big deal ! " I thought .
" I can make it an entire week . "
I just needed to keep searching through my cupboards for non-import foods .
I was getting hungry .
The herbs were half domestic , half foreign .
I read the names of the Russian herbs wondering where they had been grown ( caraway , cumin , barberry and cinnamon ) .
I found two packs of rice — one from Krasnodar and one from Thailand .
I 'm not Chinese , but I know it 's completely doable to live on just rice .
The buckwheat also turned out to be from Krasnodar .
My macaroni presented a bit of problem , though .
I have a passion for pasta and recently made the move to Italian brands .
But it was n't that big a deal .
The stores were stocked full of Russian spaghetti .
It looked like I 'd have to put the sushi on hold for a week .
" That 's okay , " I thought .
" There 's plenty to eat as it is ! "
It was a bit late to go to the store , so I decided to boil some rice and nibble on a cucumber instead ...
They say eating at night is unhealthy anyway .
Moscow 's Turkish suburbs
I woke up craving coffee and almost cried .
My boiler was Chinese and my coffee was Brazilian .
And I could n't drink my green tea either .
It was imported from China .
All I could do was nibble on yesterday 's cucumber .
When I finally shook the morning headache , I headed to the store to buy some Russian food products .
I live near a bunch of college dorms , so almost all the stores in our area cater to stone - broke students .
The microwaveable meals looked very tempting !
But they 're all made in China .
It 's a good thing I 'm not a student or I would have died from starvation .
I walked over to the fruits and vegetables counter and saw " Belaya Dacha " tomatoes — from an agricultural farm near Moscow .
I would have thought they were Russian , had I not sold Turkish tomatoes with the same " Belaya Dacha " sticker while on an assignment at a bazaar last year .
Next to the Spanish and Israeli cherry tomatoes that cost 120 rubles per kilogram were ordinary local tomatoes that cost 213 rubles for 550 grams !
" These must have been grown on the Red Square ! " I said to myself astounded .
Turkish vegetables would have been at least 30 - 50 rubles less expensive .
But the difference is a small price to pay for supporting local production , which is what politicians encourage us to do .
I wonder which tomatoes they eat ?
Then I headed over I to the dairy counter .
I was pretty sure that Russia does n't have any problems with dairy products — especially in the winter .
The head of a Belgorod agricultural farm told me when I was on an assignment recently that his company had so much milk they did n't know what to do with it .
When I got to my apartment , I called an agricultural products specialist who told me that Russia indeed has more than its fair share of milk .
After we hung up , I decided to call one other expert just to be sure .
Meanwhile , I opened my yogurt and cheese .
" Part of Russia 's dairy products are made using imported dry milk , " he said .
I choked on my yogurt .
I had just been told the other day that Russia did n't know what to do with all its milk !
" We certainly do , " he said .
" The milk 's exported . "
I lost my appetite as soon as he told me the yogurt 's additives were produced abroad .
I ended up giving the yogurt to my neighbor 's cat .
We sat outside my apartment while I sipped on my " Ostankinsk " milk .
I hoped it came from a Russian cow !
At least I had bought some real Russian eggs .
Each shell was marked : " Your Favorite Village Egg . "
It turned out to be a great omelet .
I also made it through the day without Coca Cola .
I made some kissel instead .
It was quite tasty .
Suddenly I remembered that a food market was open on Fridays near my workplace where regional traders sell their food products .
I rushed over .
One look at the fresh fish revived my faith in mankind .
" Imported ?
No , of course not !
These are from Astrakhan ! " said Vasiliy , wiping the fish scales on his apron .
I took his word for it and bought 4 kilograms of carp and esox .
They may have caught the fish using foreign bait and nets , but I was to hungry too care .
The market also had tons of Russian potatoes .
I bought two kilograms .
I should note that they were covered in about 200 grams of dirt .
You can buy clean Israeli potatoes at the store , but it costs a lot more .
The meat , lard and marinated vegetables were all Russian and spectacular .
When my guests arrived , I treated them to an omelet with potatoes .
Pricey patriotism ?
The next day I headed out to explore the supermarket .
I stopped at the dried fish and seafood section .
Squid , shrimp , dried fish ...
The wrappers read proudly : " Made in Vladivostok , Russia . "
But nearby I saw an entire shelf with seafood made by foreign producers — all made in China .
The difference in price was absurd .
The foreign squid cost 31 rubles while the Vladivostok brand sells for 50 .
That 's the price of loving your country !
Later I decided to buy some beer to go with the fish .
I saw all the familiar names that are advertised day in and day out as Russian products .
I decided to call my friend who works at a brewery to get his insight on local beer production .
" I do n't want to upset you , " he said .
" Beer is produced in Russia , but it 's powdered .
In other words , it 's made from concentrate from Europe .
It 's imported to our factories and mixed with yeast .
It 's a difficult technology .
The beer 's not Russian . "
Russian flour , imported raisins
I wanted to buy bread and oil to cook the fish .
I did n't think that would be a big problem .
I found a lot of oil from all over the world , Russia included .
But when I looked at the price I nearly fainted .
A few months ago , good Russian oil had cost about 67 rubles .
But the price had already jumped to 93 rubles .
The oil from Ukraine and Hungary was cheaper than the Russian brands .
Then I went to buy some bread and chose a " Borodinskiy " loaf from among the French buns — the poster boy of Russian bread .
When I got home I called the Russian Bakers and Confectioners Guild to learn a bit more about Russian bread production .
" The flour is Russian , " said Yury Katsnelson , the guild 's president .
" So is the sugar and salt .
But part of the sugar is made from sugarcane imported from Brazil and Cuba .
It is , though , manufactured in Russia .
Half the yeast is Russian , and the other half is Turkish or French .
Almost all the oil is Russian .
The cream and milk are rarely imported .
But the raisins are all from Central Asia , Turkey or Iran . "
Russia also does n't have vanilla or coconut shavings .
Confectioners buy Russian chocolate made from foreign cocoa beans .
Recently they began using Russian fillings ( jams , etc. ) for their cakes and cookies .
Expensive swine
Toward the end of the week , I got a craving for meat .
So I went to the market and approached a female butcher who was chopping ribs .
" Where 's the pork from ? " I asked .
" Kaluzha , " she said .
" But we also have meat from Rzyan .
It 's all fresh . "
I did n't argue and ordered some ribs .
" Are those American chickens ? " I asked the woman .
" No , of course not , " she said smiling .
" They 're from Belgorod . "
She weighed me a piece .
I decided to pick up some kielbasa and found tons at the store .
All the price tags said : " Made in Russia . "
I called my friend at the Pavlovskaya Sloboda meat factory to see what Russian kielbasa was really made from .
" If the kielbasa is made completely from meatstuffs without any supplements ( soy ) , the percent of imported ingredients is around 40 , " said Aleksey Surov , the factory 's safety director .
" The herbs and additives are almost all foreign .
Peppers and bay leaf also are n't grown in Russia .
Local meat is very expensive .
The price of Russian pork has jumped 15 percent in the past month , while local beef is one of the most expensive in the world . "
" Is it possible to make kielbasa from Russian products alone ? " I asked .
" It 's possible , " he said .
" But it will cost at least 30 percent more , " he said .
Maybe Russian meat is more expensive because it 's better ?
I called the National Meat Association to get their opinion .
" Russia does n't really depend on fresh meat imports , " said Sergey Yushin , director of the association 's executive committee .
" But we 're heavily dependent on meatstuffs that are used to make kielbasa and sausages .
Russian meatstuffs are poor quality . "
I returned home upset and hungry .
I started frying myself some chicken ( without pineapple because they do n't grow in Russia ) when my phone rang suddenly .
It was my relative from the Kaluzh region .
I told her all about the bet I had lost to our editor and how I had gone a week on Russian food products alone .
" Well we only eat Russian food products , " Olga said .
" Milk , plums , vegetables , chickens ...
We freeze them in the summer and then eat them in the winter .
Just this week I learned how to can corn !
And our friend down the road , Vasiliy , makes homemade sausage .
The whole village buys it ! "
So the truth is told .
It 's nearly impossible for Russia 's city folk to live even a week on Russian food products , but villagers live patriotically — and love it — all year long !
In the summer they grow vegetables for the winter , and the only plants we see in the city are the cactus on our balconies .
Conclusion :
It looks like it's more than possible to live on Russian food products , even if we 're completely hopeless without Chinese technology and clothes .
Nigina Beroeva is waiting for your feedback on our site .
All Streets
All of the streets in the lower 48 United States : an image of 26 million individual road segments .
No other features ( such as outlines or geographic features ) have been added to this image , however they emerge as roads avoid mountains , and sparse areas convey low population .
This began as an example I created for a student in the fall of 2006 , and I just recently got a chance to document it properly .
Alaska and Hawaii were initially left out for simplicity 's sake , but I felt guilty because of the sad emails received from zipdecode visitors .
Unfortunately , the two states do n't " work " because there are n't enough roads to outline their shape , so I left them out permanently .
More technical details can be found here and additional updates here
San Francisco
A detail of the West shows the relative lack of roads in mountainous areas , punctuated by the densely populated Bay Area .
Kansas City
The white blocks seem to be rural routes and unnamed roads , their alignment to lat / lon boundaries suggests differences in how adjacent counties identify streets .
The Great Lakes Chicago and the shore on the left , Detroit to the right : a wonderful range of sparse and complex in this crop .
Mr Abbas said he made his complaint to President Bush 's face Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has accused US President George W Bush of bias towards Israel , following a speech to the Israeli parliament last week .
" What the president said at the Knesset made us angry , and to be honest , we do n't accept it , " Mr Abbas said .
Mr Bush lavished praise on Israel and barely mentioned the Palestinians in his speech , which marked the 60th anniversary of Israel 's foundation .
In a speech in Egypt on Sunday , Mr Bush said the Arab world needed to reform .
He met several Arab and Muslim - nation leaders in Egypt over the weekend , and reiterated his commitment to a lasting Middle East peace deal by the end of his presidency in January .
We have asked him to maintain a balanced position
Mahmoud Abbas , about George Bush Mr Bush had dinner with Mr Abbas on Saturday night .
In their brief comments to the media ahead of the meal , there was no hint from Mr Abbas that he was angered by Mr Bush 's comments .
Indeed , Mr Abbas defended Mr Bush against sceptics who doubt a peace deal can be reached .
But on Sunday the Palestinian Authority president revealed that he had demanded an explanation from Mr Bush for his comments in Israel .
" We had many things to say about it , and we told him this when we met him yesterday , because we speak with him openly , honestly and transparently .
We have asked him to maintain a balanced position , " Mr Abbas said .
Mr Bush had told Israeli politicians that the US was their closest ally , and that their country was a " homeland for the chosen people " .
Few Palestinians regard President Bush as an honest broker , and his latest visit to the region seems to have reinforced that view , says the BBC's Aleem Maqbool in Ramallah in the West Bank .
Call for freedom
In Egypt , Mr Bush urged Arab leaders to work hard to advance democracy and civil liberties , and to isolate sponsors of terrorism .
He told the World Economic Forum in Sharm el - Sheikh that states needed to diversify their economies , invest in people and extend the reach of freedom .
" This region is home to energetic people , a powerful spirit of enterprise , and tremendous resources , " he said .
True democracy requires competitive elections in which opposition candidates are allowed to campaign without fear or intimidation
US President George Bush " It is capable of a very bright future , a future in which the Middle East is a place of innovation and discovery , driven by free men and women . "
Mr Bush said politics in the region too often " consisted of one leader in power and the opposition in jail " and that the time had come for nations to " abandon these practices , and treat their people with the dignity and respect they deserve " .
The comment could have been seen as criticism of a number of Arab countries , including Egypt , where President Hosni Mubarak has been in power for 27 years .
Mr Bush warned that " the light of liberty " was at risk from " spoilers such as the regimes in Iran and Syria " , and called on the region to reject their policies , and help prevent Iran obtaining nuclear weapons .
" To allow the world 's leading sponsor of terror to gain the world 's deadliest weapon would be an unforgivable betrayal of future generations , " he said .
Mr Bush also said Iran and Syria were fomenting sectarian conflict in Lebanon , where more than 60 people have been killed in recent days in clashes between fighters loyal to the pro-Western government and opposition supporters , led by the Shia Hezbollah movement .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Ada Byron , daughter of Lord Byron , devised a way to calculate Bernoulli numbers using Charles Babbage 's analytical engine .
It 's widely considered the first computer program .
Image : Ada Picture Gallery __1833 : __Ada Byron meets Charles Babbage .
He designed an early computer , and she would write the first computer program .
Ada 's father was the poet Lord Byron , but her parents separated when she was a month old .
Her famous – and poetically wild – father went to Greece , and she never knew him .
Ada was 15 when she met the Cambridge mathematics professor Babbage 175 years ago today .
Babbage had already received funding from Parliament to build a " difference engine " that could do mathematical calculations .
While that project was still unfinished , he conceived in 1834 a new and broader idea : an " analytical engine " that " could not only foresee but could act on that foresight . "
In 1835 , Ada married William King , who inherited the title Earl of Lovelace in 1838 , making her Countess of Lovelace .
They had three children , but Ada 's family and social responsibilities did not keep her from continuing her study of advanced mathematics .
Babbage , meanwhile , gave a seminar on the analytic engine in Turin , Italy , in 1841 .
Countess Ada translated an article about the presentation and showed it to Babbage .
He was apparently better at conceiving things than explaining them ( unheard of in a mathematician , eh ? ) and suggested that Ada expand the article with her own notes .
When published in 1843 , those notes ran three times as long as the original article .
Ada predicted that a computing machine could compose music , draw graphics and find application , so to speak , in business and science .
She also wrote a plan for the analytical engine to calculate Bernoulli numbers .
It 's now considered the first computer program .
The countess originated the idea of a loop in a program , which she likened to a " snake biting its tail . "
Ada was also a friend to novelist Charles Dickens , scientist Michael Faraday , inventor Charles Wheatstone and David Brewster , creator of the kaleidoscope .
She was an opium addict who had numerous affairs and gambled away a lot of her family fortune .
She died of cancer in 1852 , two weeks shy of her 37th birthday .
The Countess of Lovelace has attained recent fame through Betty Toole 's 1992 edition of her correspondence , Ada , The Enchantress of Numbers and Lynn Hershman - Leeson 's 1997 film Conceiving Ada , starring Tilda Swinton .
The U.S. Department of Defense named a computer language " Ada " in her honor .
Source : Betty Toole
June 5 , 1977 : From a Little Apple a Mighty Industry Grows
Steampunk Unboxing : Difference Engine Arrives in Silicon Valley
Exclusive Video : Babbage 's Mechanical Calculator Comes to Life
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page .
Terms of use
It ’s now almost the end of May , and the solar panel installation is almost done .
Back in January , I discussed our investigation into home solar power .
We received a total of three bids , but the final decision was surprisingly easy .
The bidding process itself was illustrative of the ongoing evolution of solar power .
The first bid was presented by a classical sales guy , who was in his sixties , and talked endlessly about keeping the customer happy .
I do n’t mean that as a negative ; he was pretty knowledgeable about the tech , but when we ’d ask deeper questions , he ’d have to defer his response .
The document arrived in a classical sales binder , with all the salient information .
The second company was much more high tech .
Two guys arrived in a van brightly decorated with the company ’s logo and color scheme .
The main sales guy had a light meter attached to a Pocket PC , and did all his solar readings using actual measurements from our roof .
They supplied us with a PDF file of the preliminary bid , on the spot , using a laptop and the readings collected with the Pocket PC .
They were also potentially attractive , because the company had cut a deal with the city of Sunnyvale , offering additional discounts to residents .
The third company was again represented by a single person , though a much younger guy .
He was very up front about the process from the beginning , and laid out all the options and costs , including full power conversion , best rate of return and best “ green ” option , which lay somewhere between the other two options .
The neat thing about all the companies bidding , completely separate from the mechanics of the sales process , was the enthusiasm for solar energy .
So which did we choose ?
Continued …
Storage vendors have been sieging the large business market with solid state drive offerings for years — but cost and capacity restrictions have mostly kept them at the gate .
Only recently has the technology advanced enough to to make SSD gear a plausible replacement for traditional disk storage .
Take BitMicro for instance , which this week unveiled a flash memory - based solid state drive with up to 1.6TB capacity .
The company 's E - Disk Altima , expected to ship in Q1 2008 , will come in a 3.5 - inch format and support 4 G bit /s Fibre Channel .
The new drive is designed for high - bandwidth storage applications such as streaming video on demand , medical imaging , data recording , warehousing and online transactions .
BitMicro says the Altima offers sustained rates of more than 230MB/s and upwards of 55,000 I/O operations per second .
To compare , a fast disk drive will get about 400 I/O operations per second .
BitMicro will push the SSDs with capacities from 16 GB to 1.6TB .
In addition to 4 G bit /s Fibre Channel , the disks will also be fully compatible with 1 G bit/s and 2 G bit /s Fibre Channel devices .
The firm says it will begin sampling the drives in the first quarter of 2008 and will ship in volume by Q2 08 . ®
David Kelly 's death prompted the Hutton Inquiry .
The document , by Foreign Office press chief John Williams , was an unpublished draft of the September 2002 dossier .
The Conservatives and Lib Dems say its similarities to the final version show " spin doctors " had played a crucial role in drawing up the dossier .
The government says it was never part of the formal drafting process .
The Foreign Office lost its appeal against a ruling the document be published under the Freedom of Information Act .
It had argued that publishing it could inhibit the " effective conduct of government " .
' Sexed up ' claim
Officials say Mr Williams 's draft dossier was quickly set aside after it was decided to give responsibility for the document to the then chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee ( JIC ) , John Scarlett .
Mr Miliband said it was not used as the basis for the dossier which the government eventually published - which was at the heart of a row between the government and BBC over claims it was " sexed up " .
Spin doctors , not intelligence analysts , were leading from the first in deciding what the British people were told about Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction
William Hague
Conservatives
Analysis :
How significant is the draft ?
Mr Williams 's draft does not include the famous " 45 minute claim " - that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction which could be used within 45 minutes of him giving an order .
But Edward Davey for the Lib Dems said the " core analysis " was the same as the final published version , adding : " A press official should never have been drafting a document that ended up being used as the justification for going to war . "
And shadow foreign secretary William Hague added : " This is yet further evidence that spin doctors , not intelligence analysts , were leading from the first in deciding what the British people were told about Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction . "
Inquiry call
He said it highlighted the need for a full Privy Council inquiry into the origins and conduct of the Iraq war .
But Mr Miliband said Mr Williams 's paper " was not commissioned as part of the formal drafting process and was not used as the basis for the dossier which the government subsequently published " .
The paper , dated 24 July 2002 , was drawn up after then prime minister Tony Blair suggested the publication of a dossier setting out the threat posed by Iraq .
The official September 2002 dossier was the subject of a BBC report which suggested it had been " sexed up " shortly before publication .
Weapons expert Dr David Kelly was found dead shortly after being named as the source of the BBC report .
Dr Kelly cited the example of the claim that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction which could be used within 45 minutes of him giving an order .
Following an inquiry into the " circumstances surrounding the death " of Dr Kelly , Lord Hutton concluded he had taken his own life and criticised the BBC .
He said the 45 minute claim had not been inserted into the dossier by Downing Street against the wishes of intelligence chiefs , stressing that JIC head John Scarlett had had " ownership " of the dossier .
The Freedom of Information request for Mr Williams ' draft , which was mentioned in passing during the Hutton inquiry , was made by researcher Christopher Ames .
The Foreign Office ( FCO ) had refused to hand over the document , saying that its publication would " inhibit the free and frank provision of advice and the free and frank exchange of views for the purposes of deliberation " .
But its appeal against that decision was rejected by the Information Tribunal , which said : " Information has been placed before us , which was not before Lord Hutton , which may lead to questions as to whether the Williams ' draft in fact played a greater part in influencing the drafting of the dossier than has previously been supposed . "
The tribunal also revealed that the draft was " annotated in two different persons ' handwriting , suggesting that at least one person other than the author had reviewed and commented on it " .
However , the tribunal has ordered that one of the handwritten notes should be taken off the draft when it is released .
Apparently we are screwing up the earth with global warming enough so that once inaccessible areas of the Arctic will now be accessible to be exploited for oil .
Scientist are predicting that global warming will leave the Arctic region almost entirely ice - free for many months at a time .
Big oil companies are taking this claim very seriously , and not because of the negative environmental impacts , but because of the vast oil deposits that geologist believe are beneath the Arctic Ocean floor .
With this new discovery , made possible by global warming , it now makes perfect sense why so many anti-global warming think tanks are funded by the likes of Exxon Mobile .
More global warming = more oil from currently inaccessible places .
Anyway , according to the Canada.com website , a U.S. based oil exploration company Arctic Oil & Gas Corp. has laid claims to the Arctic Ocean ’s undersea oil .
This alleged claim came as a bit of a surprise to the Canadian government as well as Russia considering that the Arctic ’s petroleum deposits are considered the “ common heritage of mankind . ”
The US oil company claims that this region requires a private company to act as the lead manager in the extraction of this undersea oil .
Arctic Oil & Gas Corp ’s claims have been dismissed by the Canadian government as having “ no force in law , and experts believe that this bold move may cause some disruption in the exploitation of these vast deposits .
In a recent report by the European Union ’s top foreign policy officials , it was pointed out that there could be some international struggle over this Arctic region .
Also , Borgerson , from the Council on Foreign Relations , wrote that “ The United States should not underestimate Canadian passions on this issue , ” and “ Unless Washington leads the way toward a multilateral diplomatic solution , the Arctic could descend into armed conflict . ”
The question is , will this 400 billion barrel oil deposit be able to stop peak oil ?
This is very doubtful considering that every day that goes by , the demand for oil increases and the supply simply cannot keep up .
In my opinion , we should not look at this discovery as a solution to our current energy problems and instead , continue to research better and more efficient ways to power our planet .
via canada.com
In Australia we all have access to the best sellers that are selling the products at the best standard and they can offer the right kind of rugs for the buyers who are looking for quality rugs for their home .
There are outdoor rugs and the different types of the stylish rugs available online .
These rugs are listed with all the needed details so that we know what we are buying what do we have to pay for it .
In that case we must go through all the information that seller offer and also look for the quality things that w need to be in our purchased rugs .
The availability of the rugs online that we can buy through the selling options may have to be sure because if we start looking for the rugs we need , many options will be offered and we can always make our own choice that which of the things we need .
Mostly people use the different shapes of the rugs at home , some like round rugs and some may need to look for the shag rugs and the different types of cotton rugs that they would like to use .
But the fact is that the type of the rug you prefer and how you use them will determine the sturdiness and the maintenance of the rugs that we have .
If the rugs are well - made and have the materials that ’s stays clean and in shape for a longer period of time then it is obvious that we will be getting a quality finish .
Otherwise in case most of the rugs Brisbane seller offer the higher quality modern rugs which can be cleaned easily and with least efforts on all aspects .
Most commonly the users and the sellers of the moroccan rugs and the variety of jute rugs , say that if you want to maintain things in shape and keep your rugs in a better form then it is better to look for the things that are easier to manage .
The rugs Melbourne and the ones available in various region come with certain care instructions that must be followed and made sure to give better protection and easier help for keeping it clean and tidy after a lot of use .
There are many ways to get things retained in a tidy manner and it will be easy to do if you get things properly and have the quality materials in hand for long term use .
Previous
Is our nation in distress ?
Let us know what you think
C’è anche il Reggae Italiano
5 Giugno – Parco Sempione Milano
Lifegate Radio festeggia la giornata mondiale per l’ambiente con gli Africa Unite
Di Chica Mala
Me lo aveva anticipato Betta , che è informatissima , già tempo fa ..ora è ufficiale , all ’evento di Lifegate radio il gruppo di punta saranno loro , gli AFRICA UNITE ; Bunna , Madaski e compagnia bella finalmente tornano a MIlano .
Già pregusto la serata e spero sia mitica come l’ultima a Cascina Monluè risalente ormai a due estati fa .
Lo Zio Buby è precettato !
US Secretary of State Rice defends torture at Google event
By Bill Van Auken
24 May 2008
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice found herself compelled on Thursday to defend the Bush administration ’s use of waterboarding — a potentially fatal method of induced drowning used to break the resistance of detainees — claiming that America was in a “ different place ” in the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on New York and Washington , while insisting that the government ’s actions were consistent with US law and international treaties .
The backhanded defense of torture by Washington ’s chief spokesperson on the world stage came in response to a pointed question from the audience at a “ town hall meeting ” organized at the headquarters of Google Inc. , the Internet search giant , in Mountain View , California .
Rice ’s statement , the most extensive she has ever made on the issue of torture , followed the release earlier this week of a Department of Justice Inspector General ’s report that included detailed accounts by agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation who objected to sickening forms of torture that were inflicted on detainees at the US prison camp in Guantánamo Bay , Cuba .
The nature of these so - called “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” was made clear by the agents , creating what they called a “ war crimes file ” in which these reports were compiled .
Also included in the report was the revelation that senior Justice Department officials communicated the concerns raised by the FBI agents directly to Rice , who was then Bush ’s national security adviser , along with the warning that the brutal practices at Guantánamo were “ gravely damaging ... the rule of law . ”
As the report makes clear , the warning had no impact whatsoever on the grisly activities being carried out in US detention camps and secret prisons , and the FBI agents themselves were quietly ordered to close their “ war crimes file ” and stop making critical reports on the actions of CIA , military and private contractor interrogators .
Rice appeared before the Google audience together with visiting British Foreign Secretary David Miliband , who traveled with her to California following meetings at the State Department in Washington .
Earlier , the two had joined to threaten new economic sanctions against Iran over its alleged failure to offer full disclosure to the International Atomic Energy Agency over its nuclear program .
Pointing to what she said were economic dislocations resulting from existing US , European and UN sanctions , Rice commented — apparently in reference to the military option that the US administration continuously insists remains “ on the table ” —
“ They are already paying consequences and , of course , there are other possible courses available to us . ”
After a panel discussion in which Rice and Miliband fielded queries from Google Senior Vice President David Drummond , the audience of Google employees was invited to ask their own questions from floor microphones .
One of the first employees asked Rice : “ If an American held by another country were subjected to simulated drowning by waterboarding , would that shock your conscience and would you consider that torture ? ”
He continued by asking Miliband to what extent US use of the torture method against detainees had created a “ strain between the United States and your government . ”
Much of the audience responded to the question with applause .
Rice dodged the specific question , but spoke at length in defense of the administration ’s interrogation methods , framing them as a necessary response to the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
“ The fact is that after September 11 [ we did ] whatever was legal in the face of not just the attacks of September 11 , but the anthrax attacks that followed , ” she said .
“ We were in an environment in which saving America from the next attack was of paramount concern ; but even in that environment President Bush made it very clear that we were going to live up to our legal responsibilities at home and to our treaty obligations abroad . ”
Earlier in her remarks , Rice had claimed that for her , during her tenure in Washington , every day had been “ September 12 , ” the universal rationale offered by the Bush administration for wars of aggression , extraordinary rendition , torture , illegal domestic spying and other attacks on democratic rights .
Of course , “ September 10 ” — the period leading up to the terrorist attacks — does not feature in this propaganda narrative .
According to numerous accounts , then - National Security Adviser Rice bore major responsibility for dismissing concrete and urgent warnings from top US intelligence officials that a terrorist attack was imminent .
Seven months afterward , she voiced the opinion in a speech at the Johns Hopkins School of International Studies that 9/11 presented an “ enormous opportunity ” for Washington “ to create a new balance of power . ”
By this time , she and the rest of the administration were already well along in their preparation for a war of aggression against Iraq , using fabricated charges concerning terrorist ties and weapons of mass destruction as their pretext .
Rice ’s addition of the anthrax attacks to 9/11 as justification for doing “ whatever was legal , ” in her words , is peculiar to say the least .
It was quickly established that these attacks had no connection to Al Qaeda , and the perpetrators — who have never been identified — were generally believed to be right - wing domestic terrorists .
The anthrax - laden mailings targeted Democratic leaders in the Senate and sections of the media .
The weapons - grade anthrax itself was available only to a limited number of people involved in the US biological warfare program .
Yet , there were no reports of members of America ’s extreme right or employees of Defense Department biological weapons facilities being abducted , imprisoned , waterboarded , beaten , shackled in stress positions or subjected to sexual humiliation .
Instead , the entire matter was quietly dropped by the administration as it waged a hysterical campaign to terrorize the American people with the supposed threat from Middle East terrorism and Iraq in particular .
While defending the Bush administration ’s treatment of detainees at Guantánamo and elsewhere , Rice affirmed that the situation had undergone an “ evolution , ” with Congress having put “ in place a set of laws that were not there in 2002 and 2003 . ”
She was referring to the 2005 Detainee Treatment Act. Drafted by Senator John McCain in collaboration with the Bush White House , this legislation served largely to cover up and immunize past acts of torture while placing no real impediment to the continuation of these same methods and barring no specific torture technique , including waterboarding .
Moreover , the administration has insisted that CIA interrogators are not bound by the terms of this law and must continue using “ enhanced interrogation techniques . ”
The act ’s avowal that the US would not subject those in its clutches to “ cruel , inhuman , or degrading treatment ” was meant for public consumption , aimed at rescuing at least some shred of America ’s reputation in the aftermath of the photographic revelations of sadism , abuse and torture at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq .
“ These issues have evolved in the context of our democracy , they ’ve evolved in the constant debate about our values and what are values tell us to do , ” Rice continued .
“ We are in a different place now than we were , but I do n’t want anyone to believe that even when we were in that most difficult place that we failed to ask the question , ‘ Are we living up to our laws and to our treaty obligations ? ’ ”
Whatever Rice wants or does n’t want anyone to believe , the record is by now quite clear .
The Bush administration asked the question about the law and obligations under the Geneva Conventions , the Treaty on Torture and other international agreements and concocted the answers it desired .
Its legal advisers , including Alberto Gonzales , David Addington and John Yoo , developed the doctrine that as commander - in - chief in a supposed time of war — the undeclared global “ war on terror ” — Bush was bound by no law and no treaty whatsoever .
Other novel legal theories followed , including the claim that , by designating detainees as “ enemy combatants ” — an invented category with no legal standing whatsoever — one could deny them rights and protections universally applicable under the Geneva Conventions , and the assertion that physical and mental abuse only rose to the level of torture if it produced effects comparable to death or major organ failure .
This is what the “ values ” of Bush , Cheney , Rice and Co. told them to do .
Contrary to Rice ’s claims , this process continued well past 2002 - 2003 and after the enactment of the Detainee Treatment Act passed by Congress and remains ongoing .
In any case , her argument can be boiled down to : “ We never tortured before , and we really do n’t torture now . ”
The Justice Department IG report — relying on the sworn eyewitness testimony of hundreds of FBI agents — establishes in stomach - turning detail that the US did indeed systematically torture those it detained without charges or trials .
Moreover , Rice was one of those directly involved in crafting and directing the methods of physical brutality , mental torture and sexual sadism that were employed over and over again against detainees held by the US in prisons from Guantánamo to Abu Ghraib .
As ABC News reported last month , she chaired a National Security Council Principals Committee — including all the top figures in Bush ’s cabinet — which reviewed and approved interrogation techniques .
“ The high - level discussions about these ‘ enhanced interrogation techniques ’ were so detailed , ” ABC said , citing senior administration officials , “ some of these interrogation sessions were almost choreographed — down to the number of times CIA agents could use a specific tactic . ”
Bush subsequently confirmed the account , saying that he approved of the committee ’s work .
In other words , Condoleezza Rice sat around the table with Vice President Cheney , Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld , Secretary of State Powell , CIA Director Tenet , Attorney General Ashcroft and others , discussing and approving methods that included waterboarding , beatings , the prolonged shackling of prisoners in painful positions , use of attack dogs in interrogation , draping detainees in women ’s underwear , forced nudity and other forms of sexual humiliation , sleep and sensory deprivation and holding detainees in isolation for months on end .
Not satisfied with Rice ’s answer , her questioner at Thursday ’s meeting pressed further , demanding whether she was saying that waterboarding does not constitute torture .
“ I think I ’ve answered your question , ” the Secretary of State responded with a tight smile .
The Google executive cut the employee off and started to move to the next questioner before realizing that the British foreign minister was preparing to make his own reply .
Standing firmly in defense of the “ special relationship ” between London and Washington , Miliband acknowledged that there existed “ differences in national law and national practice , ” but insisted that these divergences did “ not call into question the fundamental nature of our alliance . ”
His statements notwithstanding , torture of prisoners is not a matter of “ national practice , ” but rather a war crime .
If the British foreign minister offers such an alibi for these crimes , it is because his own government is complicit , having allowed its citizens to rot in Guantánamo for years , permitting “ special rendition ” flights to transport US - held detainees from British airports to torture chambers in the Middle East and having itself sought , unsuccessfully , to allow the use of confessions extracted under torture as evidence in criminal prosecutions .
More fundamentally , the British ruling elite has served as the accomplice of Washington ’s key criminal act — the waging of a war of aggression to secure the strategic interests of American capitalism in the Middle East .
This militarist aggression — directed at offsetting the decline of US economic dominance through the use of armed force — has given rise to a host of other crimes , torture among the most repugnant .
In her remarks in California , Condoleezza Rice spoke wistfully of returning to Stanford University next year as a professor and “ reflecting ” on her actions over the past eight years .
The only appropriate place for a review of these actions is an international tribunal constituted to try her , Bush , Cheney and other senior officials for the most serious war crimes carried out by a major power since the fall of Hitler ’s Third Reich .
This task cannot be entrusted to any section of the existing political establishment .
The Democratic Party , the US corporations and the media are all fully implicated in the crimes of the Bush administration , including its use of torture .
The defense of democratic rights and the struggle against war , together with holding accountable the war criminals in the White House , depend upon the development of a new independent political movement of the working class .
The unprecedented economic crisis now unfolding in America and on a world scale , combined with the ever - widening gulf between the financial elite and masses of working people , is creating the conditions for a new eruption of class struggle out of which such a mass socialist movement can emerge .
E - Fuel says the MicroFueler could produce ethanol for less than a dollar per gallon .
A Silicon Valley start - up called E - Fuel is showing exactly how ethanol can live up to its name as " the people´s fuel . "
The company recently announced that it will soon start selling a home ethanol system , the E - Fuel 100 MicoFueler , which will allow anyone to make ethanol from sugar , water , yeast , and electricity in their own backyard .
The MicroFueler , which is about the size of a gas station pump , will sell for $ 9,995 and start shipping late in 2008 .
E- Fuel´s founders Floyd Butterfield and Thomas Quinn expect that government incentives for alternative fuels will reduce the initial investment by up to $ 5,000 .
The MicroFueler uses sugar as the main fuel source , which is mixed with a time - release yeast the company has developed .
E- Fuel explains that it takes about 10 - 14 pounds of sugar to make one gallon of ethanol .
When using store - bought sugar , which costs about 20 cents per pound in the US , plus the cost of electricity , the cost to produce a gallon of ethanol would be roughly equivalent to today´s gas prices in the US .
However , Butterfield and Quinn note that inedible sugar can be bought from Mexico for about 2.5 cents per pound under the North American Free Trade Agreement effective this past January .
Then it could cost as little as a dollar a gallon to produce ethanol with the MicroFueler .
Quinn also noted that he´s used leftover alcohol as an alternative feedstock to sugar , and the only cost is for the electricity .
" It ´s going to cause havoc in the market and cause great financial stress in the oil industry , " Quinn told The New York Times .
Previously , distilling ethanol has required large pieces of equipment and questionable efficiency .
But E - Fuel says that it has developed technology such as a new membrane distiller that can separate water from alcohol at lower temperatures than in conventional ethanol refining , reducing cost and complexity .
The machine can fill its 35 - gallon tank through fermentation in about a week , it doesn´t produce odors , and the water byproduct is potable .
Further , the company estimates that burning a gallon of ethanol made by the MicroFueler will let off just 12 % of the carbon that a gallon of gasoline emits .
To brew ethanol at home , property owners in the US must obtain permits from the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau .
Currently , however , it´s illegal in the US to run a conventional vehicle on 100 % ethanol - but E - Fuel is hoping that regulators will certify all - ethanol cars if their system becomes popular .
E - Fuel plans to release the machine internationally , with production in China and the UK , in addition to the US .
The company is also working on a commercial version and variations that will use different feedstocks besides sugar .
via : The New York Times and Popular Mechanics
Explore further Exploring the sustainability of the Indian sugar industry
The A* algorithm is perhaps the most ubiquitous algorithm in games but also seemingly one of the more misunderstood algorithms .
Not in the sense that people do n’t know how to implement it ( they do ) but in failing to use it properly .
As you probably know , A* is a best - first graph - searching algorithm frequently used for finding a path from the start node to a goal node1 .
A* is typically cast as operating on an evaluation function
f( x ) = g( x ) + h( x )
where g(x ) describes the true cost from the start node to the current node x , and h(x ) is a heuristic function that estimates the cost in moving from x to the nearest goal node ( nearest , according to the metric ) .
When h(x ) is admissible , meaning it does n’t overestimate the true cost of reaching a goal , A* is guaranteed to find a shortest path ( if one exists ) .
And herein lies the problem : much too much effort is spent in games in finding the shortest paths !
There is a near obsession with admissible heuristics , which is completely misguided !
Who the heck cares about the shortest path ?!
In our everyday lives we rarely , if ever , take a shortest path .
Instead , we often optimize for search effort , taking a path we ’re familiar with ( which we ’ve chunked or otherwise memorized so as to require no search ) .
Well , the same applies to games and the A* algorithm .
We can reduce search effort , sometimes drastically , by forfeiting the guarantee of an optimal shortest - path using nonadmissible heuristics .
Though they are ( often ) ignored in games , the power of nonadmissible heuristic functions is nothing new , of course .
Going back to the original paper [ Hart68 ] and the section entitled “ The Heuristic Power of the Estimate h- hat ” we find the authors pointing out the value of non-admissible heuristics , stating
The algorithm would no longer be admissible , but it might be more
desirable , from a heuristic point of view , than any admissible algorithm .
We can find this echoed in many places , including in Barr & Feigenbaum ’s Handbook of AI [ Barr82 , pg. 65 , in regards to A * ]
Second , it may be less important to find a solution whose cost is absolutely minimum than to find a solution of reasonable cost within a search of moderate length .
In such a case , one might prefer an h* that evaluates nodes more accurately in most cases but sometimes overestimates the distance to a goal , thus yielding an inadmissible algorithm .
and a paper by Dechter and Pearl [ Dechter85 ] :
It has been found , however , that maintaining the admissibility of A * is too restrictive ; it limits the selection of heuristics to those that only underestimate costs , and it forces A* to spend a disproportionately long time discriminating among roughly equal candidates .
As a result , several attempts have been made to execute A* with nonadmissible estimates while simultaneously limiting the degree of suboptimality [ 5 , 17 , 18 , 20 ] and minimizing the computational difficulties that overestimates may induce [ 1 ] .
I wish AI programmers all over the world would think more about the heuristic function , if they have n’t already , and stop being totally obsessed with shortest paths .
Instead , use nonadmissible heuristics and cut your search effort in half2 !
BTW , the A* algorithm turns 40 years this year , and it ’s hard to say things that have n’t already been said about the algorithm .
That said , in a recent livejournal post , David Eppstein ( a UCI professor and computational geometer ) talks about the A* algorithm in a fresh perspective .
David likens
A* to a preconditioner that adjusts the weights of a graph to allow another algorithm ( notably , but not necessarily , Dijkstra ) to work more efficiently .
Though David too makes the mistake of thinking that ( or , at least , presenting it as if ) A* is for shortest paths only .
It ’s not , dammit .
Still worth reading !
Footnotes
The observant will note that I said “ a goal ” instead of “ the goal . ”
It is not always clearly stated that A* is capable of searching for multiple goals at once ( in the sense that reaching any of the goals is our , uh , goal ) , but it is .
Factor of two is not a promise .
References
Rove let the cat out of the bag : it 's Michigan , stupid :
While all eyes were locked on Pennsylvania for the last six weeks , Clinton was quietly amassing delegates in the Wolverine State .
And she was rewarded this past weekend with a significant victory at the district conventions ...
Buoyed by party elder support , Clinton seems likely to capture more than 60 percent of the state 's 128 pledged delegates , according to an analysis by the Michigan Information & Research Service .
Including the 28 superdelegates , which lean heavily in the New York senator 's favor , she could win upward of 70 percent of delegates , provided that they 're seated with full voting power ...
It 's becoming apparent that Obama should have consented to a revote here .
He certainly would n't have lost by 15 percentage points or more ; polls have pegged the pair in a dead heat .
But Obama seemed spooked that Clintonites put forth the plan and the money , so he quashed the do - over last month .
Now Obama is paying the price in delegates , starting with the Michigan Democratic Party 's 15 district conventions on Saturday .
The Clinton battle plan was flawlessly executed with an eye toward a contested convention .
Their delegate roster is crammed with big names like former Gov. Jim Blanchard and Lansing Mayor Virg Bernero .
It 's no laughing matter , but damn this is funny shit .
NEW YORK , April 22 ( Reuters ) -
The euro extended gains on Tuesday and traded above $ 1.60 for the first time since its 1999 inception amid growing expectations that the European Central Bank ’s next move may be a hike in benchmark interest rates .
In midmorning trading in New York , the euro rose as high as $ 1.6002 , a record , according to Reuters data .
It last traded 0.5 percent higher at $ 1.5981 EUR = .
( Reporting by Vivianne Rodrigues ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis )
PENSACOLA BEACH , Florida ( Reuters ) -
For decades opposition to oil drilling off Florida ’s coast was one of the few issues uniting the state ’s Democrats and Republicans , who agreed that shielding the environment and the huge tourism industry came first .
Not now , as oil prices rise and U.S. motorists are paying serious prices at gasoline pumps .
Last week Florida Gov. Charlie Crist , a Republican who often sounds like a Democrat , shattered the consensus by calling for an end to a federal moratorium on oil and gas drilling along the country ’s outer continental shelf .
His decision follows the stance of Republican presidential candidate John McCain on an emotional issue before November ’s election .
Two Republican Florida congressmen also backed Crist .
What some see as a crack in the protective shield for Florida ’s $ 57 billion tourism industry has drawn howls of protest from Democrats and environmental groups .
They worry that the long battle against oil drilling in the Sunshine State has entered a new phase as spiraling gas prices threaten the status quo .
“ There have been some cracks in that wall of opposition ( to offshore drilling ) .
There ’s no doubt about that , ” said Mark Ferrulo , director of Progress Florida , a nonprofit organization that supports environmental and liberal causes .
“ It ’s primarily because the oil industry has been extremely strategic about their efforts to change public opinion , ” Ferrulo said , citing the effectiveness of oil companies ’ advertising campaign to promote energy independence .
For coastal oil drilling to resume , the U.S. Congress would have to lift a national moratorium and then Florida ’s legislature would have to approve drilling in state waters .
Opposition to such a plan likely would be fierce .
Environment Florida , an anti-drilling advocacy group , said it got an unprecedented response from supporters to a write - in campaign after Crist changed his position .
“ This is an issue that folks care about , it seems to strike a chord more deeply than any other environmental issue in Florida , ” said Holly Binns , the group ’s director .
BLUE -GREEN SEA
Pensacola Beach barrier island , just a few hundred yards ( meters ) wide but 47 miles long , depends on tourism and stands to lose as much as anywhere if oil rigs spoil the view or oil slicks ruin the beach , according to business owners .
Sandy Johnston , executive director of the island ’s Chamber of Commerce , said she was unconvinced by arguments that high gasoline prices will hurt tourism and so efforts to lower prices down should be welcomed .
“ We ca n’t find anything positive about it , ” she said .
Johnston cited an informal survey the chamber conducted two years ago among similar associations along the Texas Gulf coast on how drilling had affected their shorelines .
They reported problems with water clarity , tar on beaches , garbage and the need for extra maintenance , quite apart from the possibility , however remote , of a major spill on the scale of California ’s Santa Barbara spill of 1969 , Johnston said .
The oil industry dismisses such concerns .
Technology used to extract oil has improved dramatically in recent decades , said David Mica , executive director of the Florida Petroleum Council , a lobbying group .
Public opinion started to move in favor of oil drilling off Florida after Hurricane Jeanne in 2004 forced many Floridians to wait in long lines for gas , Mica said .
Jeanne and other powerful hurricanes that battered Florida in 2004 and 2005 left millions of Floridians struggling to fill their gas tanks because of a lack of electricity to pump the fuel and difficulties getting fresh supplies into Florida .
Mica also said Hurricane Katrina in 2005 did not cause the disastrous damage to Gulf oil platforms some predicted before it smashed into the U.S. Gulf Coast and flooded New Orleans .
Katrina destroyed 123 oil and gas platforms in the Gulf , damaged dozens more , cut underwater pipelines and left a large swath of New Orleans covered in crude - tainted mud after swamping and damaging refineries onshore .
“ Public opinion is supportive ....
There is a considerable amount of people who are saying : ‘ It ’s time to give it a try ( drilling ) and watch it very closely , ’ ” Mica said .
A business group that supports oil drilling release a survey
on Thursday saying 61 percent of Florida respondents support increased exploration and production of oil and natural gas off the Florida coasts .
When asked in what underwater locations Florida should allow increased exploration 22 percent of respondents said “ anywhere ” while 24 percent said at least 125 miles from shore , in an apparent indication of environmental concerns , the survey by the Associated Industries of Florida said .
Seventeen percent said they wanted drilling at least 25 miles from shore , 18 percent said out of sight of shore while nine percent said at least 50 miles from shore and 10 percent had no opinion on the subject .
The survey of 685 registered Florida voters , conducted on Tuesday , had a margin of error of 3.6 percent .
The last well drilled off Florida ’s coast was at Pensacola in 1970 .
If drilling resumed it could be in waters farther east at Destin Dome , though efforts would be complicated by the proximity of offshore naval training facilities , Mica said .
The area may contain around 3 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in 12 leased areas about 25 miles off the coast .
The government bought back nine of the leases in 2000 , while Murphy Oil Corp.
owns three others , he said .
Using a revolutionary new camera , UK astronomers have a real chance of being the first to find Earth - like planets around other stars .
PhD student Neale Gibson of Queen ’s University Belfast will present the first results from the RISE instrument in his talk on April 2 at the RAS National Astronomy Meeting in Belfast .
RISE is a new fast camera designed by astronomers at Queen 's University , Belfast ( QUB ) in collaboration with Liverpool John Moores University and is now installed on the 2 m Liverpool Telescope on the Canary Island of La Palma .
Since the early 1990s , astronomers have found more than 200 planets in orbit around stars other than our Sun ( so - called ‘ extrasolar ’ planets ) .
These have been detected through two techniques that are particularly sensitive to massive planets in orbit close to their parent star .
Firstly , planets can be found through their gravitational pull on the star they orbit - as the extrasolar planet moves the star wobbles back and forth .
By measuring this movement astronomers can deduce the presence of a planet .
Secondly , the transit search technique looks for the dip in brightness of a star as a planet passes in front of it .
However , neither of these techniques is currently good enough to find small extrasolar planets similar to the Earth .
So far most of those found are so - called ‘ hot Jupiters ’ - large gas giant planets very close to their parent star .
The RISE camera is primarily designed to find Earth - mass planets in orbit around stars already known to host hot Jupiters .
With RISE , scientists will search for extrasolar planets using a technique called transit timing , which may provide a short cut to discovering Earth - like planets with existing technology .
Transit timing works on the principle that an isolated hot Jupiter planet orbiting its host will have a constant orbital period ( i.e. its ‘ year ’ remains the same ) and therefore it will block out the light from its parent star in a regular and predictable way .
During the planet ’s transit events , RISE can very accurately measure the rise and fall in the amount of light reaching the Earth from the parent star – the camera can be used to pinpoint the time of the centre of the event to within 10 seconds .
By observing and timing their transits , astronomers hope to detect small changes in the orbital periods of known hot Jupiters caused by the gravitational pull of other planets in the same system .
In the right circumstances , even planets as small as the Earth could be found in this way .
Gibson comments ,
“ The potential of transit timing is the result of some very simple physics , where multi-planet systems will gravitationally kick one another around in their orbits - an effect often witnessed in our own Solar System .
If Earth - mass planets are present in nearby orbits ( which is predicted by current Hot- Jupiter formation theories ) we will see their effect on the orbit of the larger transiting planets . ”
‘ RISE will allow us to observe and time the transits of extrasolar planets very accurately , which gives us the sensitivity required to detect the effect of even small Earth - mass planets ” .
The Paris based fashion house Louis Vuitton has filed charges against Nadia Plesner , a Dutch 26 year old student artist for selling posters and t- shirts of a Darfur victim , holding a designer bag inspired by a Louis Vuitton design .
All of the profits were going to charity .
Nadia said : “ I started this campaign because of the distorted way the media prioritizes between big and small world news .
How can Paris Hilton make more front covers than the genocide in Darfur ?
So , I “ pimped ” a victim , to see if it worked .
And it did ! ”
Louis Vuitton now demands $ 7,500 ( 5,000 Euro ) for each day she continues to sell Simple Life products , $ 7,500 for each day their letter is published on the website and $ 7,500 a day for using the name “ Louis Vuitton ” on her website .
In addition they want her to pay their lawyer costs and $ 15,000 to cover other expenses they have incurred in protecting their ‘ intellectual property ’ .
( Full )
More posts on The Road about Darfur .
Source : Torrent Freak
Picture courtesy Nadia Plesner .
Commend the Spectator !
We were astounded to the read the following article in the right - wing , often pro-Zionist ( previously owned by Conrad Black ) magazine the Spectator .
Gerald Kauffman , the ( Jewish ) MP much admired for his consistent legitimate criticism of Israel has once more written an excellent , balanced , thought - provoking comment ' Why not invade Israel ? '
He highlights the double standards of the US , their strategic support of many oppressive regimes , all the while taking the moral high ground and condemning other regimes whose actions are often even more objectionable .
No doubt Zionists will complain vociferously against this article .
Please read the article reproduced in full below and submit your appreciative comments at :
http://www.spectator.co.uk/articleComment.php3?table=old§ion=current&issue=2003-11-22&id=3761
___________________
Why not invade Israel ?
If rogue nations are to be brought into line by the US , should n't Israel be punished for ignoring UN resolutions ?
Gerald Kaufman is just asking ...
http://www.spectator.co.uk/article.php3?table=old§ion=current&issue=2003-11-22&id=3761
The unprecedented security measures for President Bush 's visit to Britain this week prove that the war against terrorism , launched by the United States two years ago , has certainly not been won .
If further proof were needed , the atrocious terrorist acts against two synagogues in Istanbul at the weekend provide blood - spattered confirmation .
But if the invasion of Iraq last spring was not about Saddam Hussein 's alleged links to international terrorism , what was its rationale and what was its justification ?
Tony Blair has proclaimed , with total sincerity I have no doubt , that one consideration was the danger of weapons of mass destruction .
From the outset , Bush was perfectly ready to rest his case on the need for regime change in Iraq .
Both Bush and Blair have argued that Iraq is a better country for the removal of Saddam and his odious regime , and , even taking into account the continuing death toll in Iraq ( nowhere near the number of deaths in the Vietnam war , to which certain cynics unjustifiably compare it ) , only someone either extremely naive or deliberately purblind could deny that the disappearance of that dictator is an indisputable benefit .
So , let it be accepted that , despite the death and destruction deplorably concomitant with the process , the removal of Saddam was an indubitably good thing .
But , if the removal by armed force of one disagreeable regime under one objectionable head of government is a good thing , why stop there ?
The world is full of horrible governments .
Would it not be a good idea to make a clean sweep of them ?
Where , then , do we start ?
There is a multiplicity of horrible or incompetent governments in central and west Africa , for example , in countries where the toll of dead and tortured far exceeds even the total gassed , executed and mangled by Saddam .
Their removal , and replacement by genuine democratic governments seeking to reconcile rather than repress , would be an indisputable benefit to humankind .
Even a relatively innocuous African government , that of Morocco , has been responsible for driving into squalid refugee camps in neighbouring Algeria the Sahrawi desert people , whose homeland of Western Sahara it has illegally occupied , and , through rigging the electorate by shipping in large numbers of Moroccans , has prevented a genuine referendum taking place to decide the country 's future - a referendum , moreover , to which the United Nations is fruitlessly committed .
And , if we are discussing rigged electorates , what about that in the illegal republic of Northern Cyprus , whose impoverished Turkish Cypriot inhabitants are being prevented from expressing their true will in a forthcoming general election because of the importation by the Ankara government of huge numbers of Anatolian Turks from the mainland , whose wishes and preferences are far removed from those of the Cypriot Turks themselves ?
While we are at it , we should take a penetrating look at Turkey itself .
For nearly 30 years its regime has illegally occupied 37 per cent of the territory of Cyprus , an occupation which has resulted in looting , illegal seizure and sale of precious art objects such as Greek Orthodox icons , and the creation of refugees who despair of ever getting their homes back .
The Turkish treatment - or mistreatment - of the Kurdish people , whom at the end of the first world war they prevented from getting their own homeland , set an example which Saddam was happy to follow .
Inside Turkey , there has been persistent violation of human rights .
For evidence , get hold of a DVD of Alan Parker 's film Midnight Express .
South of Turkey , there is Israel .
It is true that the United Nations Security Council resolutions of which Iraq was in violation for a dozen years were mandatory and carried penalties , while those criticising Israel were not .
That does not excuse successive Israeli governments during the past 36 years for failing to conform to Security Council and General Assembly resolutions .
They would have violated even more if the United States , otherwise so assiduous in stressing the importance of international order , had not vetoed them .
Since the present regime in Israel came to office , there has been unprecedented repression of the Palestinians who the Israelis govern .
The world is rightly horrified at the cruel and bloody deaths of Israeli civilians , including babies and small children , inflicted by terrorist suicide bombers .
Grievous though every one of these deaths most certainly is , it cannot be denied that during the three years of the Second Intifada the Israelis have killed three times as many Palestinians , some of them terrorists ( in illegal targeted assassinations ) but most of them innocent civilians , including babies and pregnant women .
Now the Israelis are building an illegal security wall , reaching far into Palestinian territory , which is equally illegally annexing that territory , separating farmers from their homes , students from universities , children from schools , and which will violate the sanctity of Bethlehem .
Roads into villages are being bulldozed , and the trenches which render them impassable are being filled with sewage .
Some Palestinians need written permission to live in their own homes .
There are 482 Israeli military checkpoints dividing Palestinian land into 300 small clusters .
It is not even as if these nasty measures are effective .
Last month 20 people , including a whole family from grandmother to baby grandchild , were among those murdered by a suicide bomber at a café in Haifa .
Last month , after visiting the Palestinian town of Qalqilya , which is being enclosed within a noose - like wall by the Israelis , I was driven back to Jerusalem via the Palestinian town of Tulkarm .
Next day a bomber attacked an Israeli administrative post outside Tulkarm .
No wonder that only three weeks ago the Israeli chief of staff , Lieutenant General Moshe Ya'alon , expressed concern about the building of the wall , said the Israeli government 's policies were ' operating contrary to our strategic interests , ' argued that the restrictions were increasing hatred of Israel and encouraging terrorism , and lamented : ' There is no hope , no expectations for the Palestinians in the Gaza strip , nor in Bethlehem and Jericho ' ( whose agricultural and horticultural economy is being ruined ) .
No wonder that a member of the Israeli government , the infrastructure minister , Yosef Paritzky , has said recently : ' The failure to differentiate between civilians and terrorists turns all the Palestinians into potential suicide bombers . '
Hey , wait a minute !
Surely Israel does not qualify as a suitable case for invasion .
Surely Israel is a democracy .
Surely Israel 's Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was democratically elected , and even re-elected .
Such undeniable facts do not detract from the record .
Sharon was the prime mover in the only war that Israel has ever lost , the invasion of Lebanon .
The Kahan commission inquiring into the Sabra - Chatilla massacre of Palestinians outside Beirut recommended that , for his connection with those events , Sharon should leave the Israeli Cabinet .
It was Sharon who triggered the Second Intifada in 2000 by his provocative visit to the Temple Mount .
And is it not members of the Sharon family , including the Prime Minister himself , who have been the object of investigations by the Israeli legal authorities ?
And would it not be poetic justice to invade the invaders ?
After all , the Israelis , who illegally invaded Lebanon until they found the going too tough and got out ; the Turks , who illegally invaded Cyprus and even aspire to be a member of the European Union when in illegal possession of part of a country which is due to become a member of the European Union less than six months from now ; the Moroccans , who continue to thwart the will of the United Nations with every moment their troops and immigrants remain in the Western Sahara - surely they could not have the effrontery to object to invasion , which they have practised without qualm , simply because they would be at the receiving end .
If the United States is keen to invade countries that disrupt international standards of order , should not Israel , for example , be considered as a candidate ?
But , quite apart from the hard fact that even the rich and powerful US does not possess enough dollars and manpower to invade and occupy the countries I have mentioned ( plus other rogue states , too many to list ) , is the US suited to maintaining international law ?
After all , has not the United States , on the basis of dubious legality , invaded nearby countries on the American continent , such as Panama and Grenada ?
Has it not got a questionable human rights record , with the level of capital punishment , including the execution of mentally retarded prisoners , one of the worst in the democratic world ?
Is it not keeping a collection of prisoners in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , whose detention appears to have no legal basis whatever ?
And does it not have a president who was never elected , but appointed by the Supreme Court after electoral finagling in the electorally clinching state which just happens to be governed by that president 's brother ?
Who , then , should invade the United States ?
The despised United Nations ?
Download
Video and more from Media Matters :
In a June 4 article headlined " Judge tosses school official 's lawsuit against Fox News , " the Associated Press reported on the dismissal of a school superintendent 's lawsuit against the Fox News Channel and Fox & Friends co-hosts Steve Doocy and Brian Kilmeade for repeating as fact an online parody news report of a school prank that included fabricated quotes attributed to the superintendent .
The judge called Doocy and Kilmeade " gullible , " as the AP noted , and while he dismissed the lawsuit , the Fox & Friends segment in question marked at least the third time since 2004 that Fox News has issued a retraction and apology for airing a fake news report that repeated false information .
In fact , the segment aired after Fox News ' Vice President for News John Moody reportedly warned staff in January 2007 that " seeing an item on a website does not mean it is right .
Nor does it mean it is ready for air on FNC . "
In dismissing the suit , U.S. District Court Judge D. Brock Hornby wrote :
When you look at the current unemployment rate of 5 percent , you would think that our economy would be humming along .
Yet the way that they calculate the official unemployment rate is such a joke , you are almost left guessing how many people are really out of work .
Are you looking for work and simply can’t find a job and gave up ?
Consider yourself not counted in the numbers .
Are you working part - time although you want full - time employment ?
Guess what ?
You are not counted either !
It is patently absurd and frustrating to see what kind of gimmicks the government uses to massage the unemployment data .
Mish over at Global Economic
Trend analysis on a monthly basis has to dig into the data to point out the stupidity of the unemployment numbers :
It is such an utter disturbance that people are quoting 5 percent as the unemployment rate when 9.2 percent of our population is either underemployed , working part - time , or flat out given up and not working .
Also , what about all the people in finance , construction , lending , or any fields associated to the credit bubble that are now receiving a lot less simply because they are commissioned based or depend on their being easy credit ?
These people are still hanging on by a thread with a massively reduced income yet they are still counted as fully employed .
That is the issue with our current unemployment rate .
So if our current rate is closer to 10 percent , would n’t that change the perception of our current economy ?
This is part X in our continuing Great Depression series :
1. Personal Story by a Lawyer from a Previous Asset Bubble .
Can we Learn from the Past and How will the Housing Decline Impact You ?
2. Lessons From the Great Depression : A Letter from a former Banking President Discussing the Bubble .
3. Florida Housing 1920s Redux : History repeating in Florida and Lessons from the Roaring 20s .
4. The Menace of Mortgage Debts : Lessons from the Great Depression Series : Part IV : Where do we go After the Housing Crash ?
5. Business Devours its Young : Lessons from the Great Depression : Part V : Destroying the Working Class .
6. Crash !
The Housing Market Free Fall and Client # 10 Contagion .
7. Winston Smith and the Bailouts in Oceania : Lessons from the Great Depression Part VII .
8. Sheep Back to the Slaughter : Lessons from the Great Depression Part VIII : All the Change and Bear
Market Rallies .
9. A Bubble That Broke the World
It may help to take a look at the unemployment rate during the Great Depression :
* Soucre : Gold Ocean
“ The Great Depression began in 1929 when the entire world suffered an enormous drop in output and an unprecedented rise in unemployment .
World economic output continued to decline until 1932 when it clinked bottom at 50 % of its 1929 level .
Unemployment soared , in the United States it peaked at 24.9 % in 1933 .
It remained above 20 % for two more years , reluctantly declining to 14.3 % by 1937 .
It then leapt back to 19 % before its long - term decline .
Since most households had only one income earner the equivalent modern unemployment rates would likely be much higher .
Real economic output ( real GDP ) fell by 29 % from 1929 to 1933 and the US stock market lost 89.5 % of its value . ”
The chart above is disturbing .
Yet you also need to remember that the job losses came fast and furious during this time .
If you were unemployed , you were unemployed .
In today ’s market , anyone can get a minimum wage job with our so - called service industry yet struggle along as a walking zombie .
What happens when you go from a $ 100,000 a year real estate career to earning $ 9 an hour in a service sector job ?
If you dig into the previous jobs report from the BLS you ’ll notice that the larger increase of jobs is in service oriented jobs that pay less than the other important sectors such as finance and manufacturing .
Either way , the sham of the current job report is that it covers up the true reality of the situation .
You may also be shocked to hear that California now has the nation ’s third - highest unemployment rate only behind Michigan and Alaska :
“ ( LA Times ) Although April ’s unemployment rate was unchanged from March , it represented a full percentage point increase above April 2007 .
Almost 200,000 more people were out of work than last year , giving the state the third - highest unemployment rate in the nation , behind Michigan and Alaska .
California lost 800 nonfarm jobs in April from the previous month .
But seasonally adjusted numbers for the month were up slightly — 0.2 % — over a year earlier , according to the Employment Development Department . ”
The Great Depression also hit hard throughout the country on farmland that was mortgaged and many local banks going into default .
But we had a backup plan then .
We were a lender as a nation !
Now we are a massive debtor .
We also witnessed deflation during the Great Depression which we are already seeing asset deflation with real estate :
“ Another unusual aspect of the Great Depression was deflation .
Prices fell 25 % , 30 % , 30 % , and 40 % in the UK , Germany , the US , and France respectively from 1929 to 1933 .
These were the four largest economies in the world at that time .
To put the severity of the depression in modern perspective , consider the following .
Real US GDP went down 4.4 % in the five years that it declined since 1959 , all added together !
Unemployment has never exceeded 9.7 % and we have not had one year of deflation .
Maybe you ’re thinking , “ what ’s wrong with a little price deflation ? ”
Depending on how much and how unexpected , deflation can be a devastating economic event .
Imagine wages falling by 30 % and the value of debts simultaneously increasing by that much .
In the great depression it would have been nice if the suffering had been so evenly distributed .
Instead the deflation caused bankruptcies , which in turn led to , more bankruptcies !
Millions of people and companies were wiped out completely .
The lack of adequate social programs left people of all social strata depending on relatives and friends for charity .
Spending became paralyzed with fear as the downturn was so unexpected , so severe , and the bad news just kept coming for years .
Many did not realize how severe the downturn was until 1932 or 1933 when the economy had technically hit bottom and even begun to chug forward .
People ’s resources were depleted by then and so were many of their friends ’ .
So the human misery caused by the Depression really started in the mid-1930s . ”
The problem inherent in today ’s market is as follows :
First – Unemployment is understated by underemployment and shadow workers ( those that have given up looking for work ) .
It also does not reflect the loss of income in once high paying jobs .
Second –
The FDIC although providing protection to depositors has created a sort of moral hazard .
If you look on sites like Bankrate , you ’ll notice that the highest savings rates normally come from the most capital impaired institutions .
Many on the list will probably go bankrupt in 1 or 2 years .
Now why would anyone invest their money in these institutions if they knew that their money was n’t protected ?
If it were n’t for the FDIC , these lenders would be bankrupt and rightfully so ; they have horrible and flawed business models and should be allowed to fail .
Instead , they offer you a nice yield on a 6 month CD .
Third – Underemployment is just as bad as unemployment .
In terms of economic data and spin , it is probably worse since it gives many a false sense of security .
We are not at a 5 percent unemployment rate .
It is simply an absurd number and even the fact that the CPI told us last month that energy prices dropped , I think that even the lay person now gets that there is something rotten in Denmark .
If you look at the report , how can you consider someone working part - time but wanting full - time employment as part of the official unemployment number ?
The current number that should be quoted is the 9.2 percent number .
As we ’ve gone along , we ’ve managed to allow the Ministry of Truth to massage out every kink out of the most important statistics of our economy .
Forth – Banks are being propped up on a crutch .
There will be more bank failures .
Think this is just hyperbole ?
Then why is the FDIC bringing out folks from retirement who lived through the S & L collapse to gear up for the next phase of the debt crisis ?
“( MarketWatch ) He ’d built a new home by a lake in Texas , bought a boat and was working on his golf game .
While taking on some part - time work , Holloway also traveled for months across the U.S. with his wife , from Seattle to Washington D.C. , catching up with old friends and family .
That life of leisure abruptly changed about six weeks ago when Holloway got a phone call from his former employer , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , or FDIC , which regulates U.S. banks and insures deposits .
Holloway , a 30 - year FDIC veteran , had worked extensively with failed lenders in Houston during the savings and loan crisis in the late 1980s and early 1990s , when thousands of thrifts collapsed .
Earlier this year , the FDIC began trying to lure roughly 25 retirees like Holloway back to prepare for an increase in bank failures .
It ’s also hiring about 75 new staff .
Holloway quickly went back to work .
ANB Financial N.A. , a bank in Bentonville , Ark. with $ 2.1 billion in assets and $ 1.8 billion in customer deposits , was failing and an expert like Holloway was needed to value the assets and find a stronger institution to take them on . ”
No problem folks !
Any comparison to the Great Depression is doom and gloom .
Listen .
I know that folks like to make light of this but the problem of complacency and mind numbing control from drones on the media is that people are now content to be under slavery to debt .
Do you really own that car ?
Try missing a payment .
Do you really own that $ 700,000 McMansion ?
Try missing your mortgage payment .
The false guise of security is that consumer inflation is non-existent ( hello $ 4 gas ! ) , that unemployment is at 5 percent ( you mean I can kick back at home and watch Montel and not be considered unemployed ? ) , and finally assuming that things from the past cannot occur again .
Simply from looking at the data it looks like we are going to have our own lost decade like Japan .
The data has gotten so out of whack , that you have rely on other measures like income to triangulated your assumptions .
If we are simply to look at the CPI and employment numbers from the government we ’d assume the economy is perfect like a bowl of warm porridge .
I ’m not the only one that is waking up to this insanity :
“ ( Harper ’s Magazine ) If Washington ’s harping on weapons of mass destruction was essential to buoy public support for the invasion of Iraq , the use of deceptive statistics has played its own vital role in convincing many Americans that the U.S. economy is stronger , fairer , more productive , more dominant , and richer with opportunity than it actually is .
The corruption has tainted the very measures that most shape public perception of the economy - the monthly Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) , which serves as the chief bellwether of inflation ; the quarterly Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) , which tracks the U.S. economy ’s overall growth ; and the monthly unemployment figure , which for the general public is perhaps the most vivid indicator of economic health or infirmity .
Not only do governments , businesses , and individuals use these yardsticks in their decision - making but minor revisions in the data can mean major changes in household circumstances - inflation measurements help determine interest rates , federal interest payments on the national debt , and cost - of - living increases for wages , pensions , and Social Security benefits .
And , of course , our statistics have political consequences too .
An administration is helped when it can mouth banalities about price levels being “ anchored ” as food and energy costs begin to soar . ”
So the most relied upon measures for the health of the economy are completed screwed up .
Like the entire ownership society myth that was pushed ( and by the way homeownership is now back to 2002 levels , pre-dating the ownership society speech in 2003 ) .
The problem that is going on is we have a silent destruction of our treasured U.S. Dollar and our productive base is being dismantled piece by piece .
People were placated since they felt somehow that pushing papers around and flipping houses was somehow going to keep us competitive with nations that are pumping out engineers and scientist on an incredible basis .
Time to rethink our numbers and demand the truth be reflected but it would appear that most folks simply want access to a credit card , a television , and a burger in the hand .
Time to get real and focus on improving the balance sheet of our country .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information
Fiction as Hypnosis : The Mesmerizing Effect of Literature
All fiction readers want to be tricked by an author .
Outside of the literary world , other people have realized humanity 's need for stories and have exploited it .
In the 18th century , Franz Mesmer began practicing medicine .
Mesmer has been called a master and a hack , a scientist and a huckster , and he is best known for establishing the proto - philosophy which hypnosis is based on : Mesmerism .
Mesmer postulated that a fluid moves throughout the universe ( he referred to it as " magnetisme animal , " magnetism of the ) that controls human interaction , and he and others possessed the ability to control this magnetism to different degrees .
He also found out that he could convince a lot more people of his fiction with elaborate stage costumes and by swinging the magnet back and forth .
Thedefines hypnosis as " an artificially produced state in which the subject appears to be in a deep sleep , without any power of changing his mental or physical condition , except under the influence of some external suggestion or direction . "
Fiction is similar : it also produces this artificial state and gives the reader external suggestions and directions for imagining .
Where does it differ ?
Hypnosis requires an induction , a method of lulling a subject into a frame of mind where they are susceptible to the hypnotist .
This is an elaborate process , traditionally incorporating wristwatches or necklaces .
But when authors publish fiction , there is no induction ; they assume that their readers want to be tricked .
Mesmer 's art was a joke scientifically .
He would " search for magnetism " in patient 's bodies while his eyes locked with theirs , sometimes for hours on end , lulling them into a near - sleeping state , in a spectacle not unlike certain contemporary performers .
Modern hypnotists have picked up on Mesmer 's techniques and use the power of words to convince patients what they are feeling and should feel .
Hypnotic subjects are guided through their subconsciouses until the hypnotist gets the information they want or plants a subliminal trigger .
To do this , the hypnotist will often use a narrative .
A subject is asked to envision imagery and environments that are either familiar or alien to them , and this accordingly affects their overall consciousness .
Why a narrative ?
Because historically , humans have been receptive to being taken in by a narrative .
In areas such as recovered memory therapy , some hypnotherapists have even been accused of actually implanting false memories into their patients ' minds .
You know that beautiful young starlet that you remember seducing you on Friday night ?
Yeah , we made that shit up .
Using a satellite navigation system is rather like undergoing a modern , scalpel - free lobotomy .
It requires so little brain power that most people simply put their neurons on sleep mode - and only fire up them up again when their lorry gets stuck down a cul - de- sac and they can only turn around by taking big chunks of the village green with them .
Interesting , then , that this week brought news of a novel way of using a satnav , which seems to encourage drivers to engage with their surroundings rather than simply tell them how to get from A to B and let them daydream ( metaphorically , of course ) through anything in between .
Called 230 Miles of Love , it is billed as the world 's first " satcom " - a free series of comedy sketches you can download to your satnav or GPS mobile phone , which automatically play at relevant points along the M6 .
It was made using a programme called Geovative , which allows users to plot a GPS tour that can contain audio , images and text .
Though it sounds complicated , it is just a step up from the programme many satnav owners use to alert them to the location of speed cameras .
When the first skit kicked in around Catthorpe , just after junction one of the M6 , it was quite a shock - partially because I did n't think it would work , but mostly because I had the volume turned up to horse - scaring volume , lest I miss anything .
After a shaky start , the satcom first made me laugh after junction three near Birmingham , when drivers are weighing up whether to pay the £ 4.50 for a speedy toll road .
Ever the cheapskate , I plumped for the free road , and just as my heart was sinking after spying a sea of brake lights ahead , another sketch kicked in telling me what a terrible choice I had made .
The site - specific gags were always the best - passing a service station I particularly enjoyed an argument about how to pronounce Ginsters ( does the " gin " rhyme with bin ? ) .
It was no more of a distraction than listening to a radio play , apart from the odd unexpected squeak and a sketch that seemed to be referring to a sign that I just could n't see , even when I craned my neck and scared the car behind .
Though 230 Miles of Love ( named after the length of the M6 and available at 230 milesoflove.com ) is apparently the first attempt at using satnavs for art , it is not the first example of someone using the systems for more than speed camera warnings and route planning .
Last year amateur historian Daniel Taylor launched roadtour .co.uk , offering history guides that drivers could download to their satnavs for information on 600 castles , parklands , battlefields , monuments and stately homes .
The Good Pub Guide has produced a satnav version , which alerts drivers to the best watering holes nearby , and on the TomTom website , users can log in and share their own routes and recommendations , for example the best greasy spoon cafes in the north - west , or the most accommodating hotels for bikers .
All are examples of " locative media " , ideas which aim to exploit developments in " locative technologies " - GPS standalone systems , GPS mobile phones , wireless networks and satnavs .
Hi-tech storytelling
Rider Spoke
Blast Theory 's interactive theatre piece , at the Brighton Festival from May 8 to 11 , combines cycling , hide and seek and WiFi technology .
The audience cycles around while equipped with a handheld computer to answer questions .
blasttheory.co.uk/bt/work_rider_spoke.html
We Tell Stories
Penguin has teamed up with virtual - reality experts Six To Start to take their back catalogue to the digital age .
Modern authors , including Charles Cummings and Toby Litt , retell the classics with the help of modern technology .
wetellstories.co.uk
' Ere be the Dragons
A virtual reality game controlled by your heartbeat .
The game 's virtual world responds to the physical activity of the players , measured by heart - rate monitors .
lansdown.mdx.ac.uk/dragons
Lock Security Pro
Lock Security
Pro are the best locksmith solution provider that ’s just not a promise but a guarantee .
You can call us anytime ; we will come to you to help any locksmith service you required .
Our team of techs are experienced and trained to handle any kind of worst situation .
They have that experience to handle any worst situation in a very calm manner .
We train our employees from office staff to field techs with great care and experience .
Let them also concern about your happiness also .
We used to cater all types of locksmith services .
We have become the one of the topmost locksmith company around .
Need an emergency lockout call ?
Need to schedule an appointment ?
Or Need a Professional advice on a particular situation ?
Do n’t worry ; you can trust us for all locksmith services .
We are a well known worldwide locksmith firm who is licensed , certified and insured .
Our staff and techs have up to date knowledge about the latest high security locks and keys system .
Unlike other locksmiths , we provide you the 24*7 service at the same cost and with no extra charges for weekends .
We are just a call away , pick up the phone and call us for any locksmith related problems .
Does Religious Belief Increase Happiness ?
Todd 's excellent recent post on academics and happiness also raises the much broader question of whether religious belief causes happiness .
Some studies , including Arthur Brooks ' recent important work , do claim to show a correlation between the two .
However , the argument that this proves that being religious makes you happier has two serious flaws .
I. Correlation vs. Causation .
First , even if we prove that there is a correlation between religious belief and happiness , that is not the same thing as proving causation .
It could be that people who are happy for reasons unrelated to religion are more likely to be religious .
There are a number of plausible scenarios under which this theory would be true .
For example , it may be that a tendency towards social conformity makes people happier because they clash less with social norms and the people around them .
And conformists are more likely to be religious than nonconformists ( at least in an overwhelmingly religious society such as the US ) .
An interesting test of this hypothesis would be to see whether religious believers are ( controlling for other variables ) happier than atheists in majority - atheist societies such as Denmark , Japan , and the Czech Republic .
II .
Measuring Religious Belief vs. Measuring Attendance at Religious Services .
Second , and much more important , the studies do not in fact find even a correlation between happiness and religious belief .
What they show is a correlation between happiness and attendance at religious services .
For example , Brooks , in the article linked above , shows that " religious " people are much more likely to report being " very happy " in surveys than " secular " people .
However , he defines " religious " people as those who say they " attend houses of worship at least once per week " and " secular " as those who say they " never " attend houses of worship .
This is a crucial distinction .
It is highly likely that all Brooks ' work and other similar studies have shown is that religious believers who go to services regularly are happier than those believers who never do so .
Brooks ' " secular " category includes some 20 percent of the American population .
Yet other survey data shows that atheists and agnostics make up only about 3 to 9 percent of the population .
Even if all the atheists and agnostics in Brooks ' survey were counted as " secular , " it would still be the case that the vast majority of his " secular " respondents ( at least 55 % ) , are in fact religious believers who do n't go to services .
Moreover , many atheists and agnostics do attend religious services at least occasionally ( e.g. - for family or social reasons ) , and so would not be included in Brooks ' " secular " category .
Some would even be categorized as " religious . "
I have an atheist friend who regularly attends religious services with her believer husband .
In Brooks ' study , she would be considered " religious , " even though she denies the existence of God and does n't believe that the precepts of her husband 's religion ( or any religion ) are actually true .
Why would believers who attend services be happier than those who never do ?
There are many possible reasons , and some of the most plausible ones do not apply with equal force to nonattendance by atheists and agnostics .
For example , attendance at religious services is a social activity .
We know from a great deal of social science evidence that people who build up " social capital " by participating in social and community activities tend to be happier than those who do .
Understandably , religious people with high social capital will tend to participate in religiously - oriented groups .
Equally understandably , atheists and agnostics will tend to focus on secular ones .
For a religious believer , never attending services is a strong indication of low participation in social activities more generally .
For an atheist or agnostic , it might just be an indication that he participates in secular activities instead .
Similarly , many religious people believe that they have a duty to attend services .
Those who believe they have such a duty but never live up to it may well be down on themselves for what they perceive to be their own immoral conduct .
Almost by definition , atheists and agnostics do not believe they have any moral duty to attend religious services .
So they are extremely unlikely to engage in self - recrimination for failing to do so .
III .
Limitations of the Argument .
It 's important to be clear about the limitations of my argument .
I 'm not saying that the evidence shows that atheists are happier than religious believers .
I 'm not even saying Brooks ' hypothesis that religious belief makes one happier is provably false .
All I 'm suggesting is that the evidence he presents does n't substantiate it .
I 'm also not suggesting that the lack of a connection between religious belief and happiness proves that religion is false .
The validity of belief in God is independent of whether nor not such belief makes people happy .
The same is true for the validity of atheism .
I am an atheist because I think logic and evidence support the conclusion that God does n't exist , not because I think that being an atheist will make me happy .
In fact , it 's perfectly possible for belief in imaginary beings to increase happiness .
For example , many children are probably happier because of their belief in Santa Claus or the Tooth Fairy .
When they learn the truth , they tend to be disappointed , and their level of happiness declines ( at least for a time ) .
By contrast , belief in real beings is sometimes more unpleasant than blissful ignorance of their existence .
For example , many Americans might be happier if they did n't know about Osama Bin Laden and therefore did n't have to worry about the threat he poses .
The truth may set you free .
But it wo n't always make you happy .
UPDATE : In his article linked above , Brooks also notes that " people who pray every day are a third likelier to be very happy than those who never pray , whether or not they attend services . "
To my mind , this means of measuring religiosity is not sufficiently distinct from attending services .
Like attendance at services , regular prayer is also often a social activity ( e.g. - many people do it with their families and friends ) , and is thus likely to be correlated with " social capital . "
Similarly , many of those who say they " never " pray are likely to be religious believers rather than atheists or agnostics .
They may simply belong to religions that do n't require prayer ; or they doubt its effectiveness despite belonging to denominations that hold otherwise .
Thus , Brooks ' use of the prayer variable likely proves only that religious people who pray regularly tend to be happie than those religious people who do n't .
Brooks himself offers a plausible explanation for this result when he notes ( in a different context ) that " what makes some religious people unhappy is an image of God as severe , unloving or distant . . . regular churchgoers who feel ' very close to God ' are 27 % more likely to be very happy than churchgoers who do not feel very close to God . "
If you are religious and believe that God is likely to answer your prayers , that may well make you happier than you would be if you believed in God but thought that he is - in Brooks ' words - " severe , unloving , or distant . "
But that fact says little about the effects on happiness of not believing in God at all .
FT : George Soros on Credit Crunch , Bear Stearns , China , Commodities & Obama
My South African friend Prieur du Plessis sent me an email over the weekend that this was must see financial tv :
George Soros , of Soros Fund Management , has just launched a new book “ The New Paradigm for Financial Markets : The Credit Crisis of 2008 and What it Means ” , which will arouse considerable interest .
Coinciding with the launch , Chrystia Freeland , US managing editor of Financial Times , conducted a three - part video interview with Soros on a variety of highly topical issues .
Part 1
Soros talks about the credit crunch and the recession , and says the Fed was right to rescue Bear Stearns .
click for video
After you launch part 1 , Look to the right of the video for parts 2 and 3 on FT 's site .
In Part 2 Soros discusses the incipient commodities bubble , and believes there will be a need for a new Basel accord on banking supervision .
He also discusses China and believes that the US housing market problems are just building up .
In Part 3 Soros talks about the US dollar , US leadership in the world and his support for Barack Obama , who he feels is the candidate who will create the most change for America ’s future .
Source : Financial Times , April 4 , 2008 .
Hat tip Prieur du Plessis
Monday , April 07 , 2008 | 03:00 AM | Permalink | Comments ( 19 ) | TrackBack ( 0 )
add to de.li.cious | digg this !
| add to technorati | email this post
Comments
Through this post , there is real literature , pre Columbian sculpture and human comedy
Posted by : Philippe | Apr 7 , 2008 3:39:32 AM
This error message is only visible to WordPress admins
Error : API requests are being delayed .
New posts will not be retrieved .
There may be an issue with the Instagram access token that you are using .
Your server might also be unable to connect to Instagram at this time .
Error : API requests are being delayed for this account .
New posts will not be retrieved .
There may be an issue with the Instagram Access Token that you are using .
Your server might also be unable to connect to Instagram at this time .
Error : No posts found .
Make sure this account has posts available on instagram.com .
A t 6 , Betty Makoni was raped .
She was a child labourer , selling candles in her village .
A neighbour invited her and nine other girls into his house , locked them in a room and sexually violated each one .
That was her introduction to life as a female in Zimbabwe .
At 7 , she asked her mother why women never spoke out when men brutalized them .
" Sh ! " her mother warned .
" These things are private . "
At 9 , after one particularly vicious episode of domestic abuse , she lost her mother .
" I grew up with questions and anger , " she said .
" But I was a clever girl .
I started to fight . "
She fought her way through school .
She fought to protect her siblings .
She fought to become self - supporting .
At 24 , with two university degrees , she got a job as a teacher .
" I felt strongly that one day I would break the silence about rape . "
The chance came sooner than she expected .
Barely had she settled into the classroom when the girls started dropping out .
Over the school year , two - thirds stopped coming .
They 'd been raped , infected with AIDS , turned into outcasts .
So Makoni started a club where girls could talk about their lives and learn to defend themselves .
Ten girls attended the first meeting .
But word spread quickly .
Before long , girls ' clubs were popping up in schools across Zimbabwe .
By 1999 , there were so many clubs that Makoni gave up her teaching job to run the Girl Child Network .
There are now 689 clubs and three " empowerment villages " where survivors of rape can seek refuge and rehabilitation .
The network has helped more than 60,000 girls and women in its nine - year history .
The youngest was a 1 - day - old baby .
The oldest was 94 .
" As I speak now , I know a woman is getting killed in Zimbabwe , " Makoni said this week at briefing hosted by the Stephen Lewis Foundation .
" There 's a silent genocide going on . "
The Girl Child Network is one of more than 100 grassroots organizations supported by the foundation Lewis established five years ago .
The former UN Special Envoy for HIV / AIDS in Africa was so devastated by what he saw and so frustrated by the world 's lethargic response , that he decided to pour his passion and eloquence into raising money for groups on the front lines in Africa .
Lewis describes Makoni as " a powerful and leading figure in her country . "
She describes herself as a victim who became a leader because no one else would help Zimbabwe 's girls .
She has been jailed .
She receives death threats constantly .
Her husband , an engineer , worries about her safety .
In an interview , Makoni shared a letter she had just received from one of her supporters .
" Please do n't come back ( to Zimbabwe ) , " it says .
" Things are worse .
People are being beaten to death . "
She will go back , after a conference organized by the Stephen Lewis Foundation to raise global awareness of " sexual terrorism " in Africa .
It will bring together doctors and trauma counsellors and aid experts .
Makoni will speak as a victim , a survivor , a teacher and a mother .
But she is more than that .
She has changed attitudes in Zimbabwe in a way that no one thought possible .
Girls who attend her clubs know how to say no to boys who demand sex .
They do n't retreat into the kitchen or lower their gaze in the presence of men .
Their body language is confident and assertive .
If necessary , they can fight aggressively .
They compete vigorously with boys in school .
So many have gone on to become doctors , lawyers , teachers and community leaders that fathers now urge their daughters to join the network .
" We are challenging the whole patriarchal structure , " Makoni says .
She remembers the nine girls with whom she was raped 31 years ago .
None lived to tell the story .
She visits her mother 's grave whenever she can .
" I always tell her : ` There was nothing you could have done .
But I can . ' "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
And she thinks she hears her mother say : " Go girl . "
Carol Goar 's column appears Monday , Wednesday and Friday .
Rep. Stupak : “ You know you ’re hitting a nerve when the halls are flooded with their lobbyists . ” | John Shinkle / POLITICO
Dems ready for revenge on drug companies
Once Democrats seized the committee chairmanships on Capitol Hill , the big drug companies sharply aligned with Republicans knew a period of reckoning was coming .
Now it has begun .
Advertisement
The Democrats ’ investigations range from the drug- approval process to television advertising to the bilking of Medicare .
And their targets include the world ’s largest drug makers — and the Food and Drug Administration itself .
“ You know you ’re hitting a nerve when the halls are flooded with their lobbyists , ” Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - Mich . ) , chairman of the House Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce Committee , said as he prepared Tuesday for his fifth hearing on the drug approval process .
“ The whole safety net designed to protect the American consumer has been shredded . ”
Since the Democrats took power , the subcommittee has sent out 39 requests for information from drug companies and the agencies that oversee them , and has also issued two rounds of subpoenas .
Drug industry lobbyists are not surprised by the scrutiny .
“ We generally expected that when the Democrats regained control of Congress , that they would closely scrutinize some of the industries that they believed had been particularly favored by the Republicans and unreasonably benefited in certain ways , ” said Bret Koplow , a pharmaceutical industry lobbyist at Patton Boggs .
“ There was the perception that certain industries , including pharmaceuticals , were getting away with a lot , ” he said .
The broad nature of the inquiries , though , has the drug industry nervous .
As another industry lobbyist put it : “ Once they start asking for things , you do n’t know where it will go . ”
Faced with a seemingly daily barrage of headlines about lawsuits and investigations into the drug industry , the pharmaceutical manufacturers ’ trade association has adopted a conciliatory stance .
“ I do n’t fault my former colleagues for looking into these cases .
I ’d be looking at them , too , if I was chairman , because they are such highly publicized cases , ” said former Rep. Billy Tauzin ( R - La. ) , who in 2004 stepped down as chairman of the House Commerce Committee to head the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America .
“ We are not only anxious but anxious and willing to make some changes to these real or perceived problems . ”
Despite its conciliatory stance , the drug industry lobbying group maintains one of the most potent posses of hired guns in Washington .
PhRMA has 36 lobbying firms on retainer and spent more than $ 10 million on legislative advocacy last year , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
One lobbyist for a company under investigation , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , attributed the barrage of investigations to “ pent - up hatred by the Democrats for the long - standing bankrolling of the Republicans by the pharmaceutical industry . ”
The Democrats dismiss the idea they are acting out of spite , as does their former colleague Tauzin , and say they are trying to protect the public interest .
Still , there is no doubt that the industry has given overwhelmingly to Republicans over the years :
Over two - thirds of the more than $ 90 million the drug industry has contributed to Congress since 1994 went to Republicans , according to the campaign finance watchdog group .
And the pressure is not just coming from Democrats .
The House Commerce Committee has had bipartisan cooperation in its investigations .
And in the Senate Finance Committee , the ranking Republican , Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa , has been leading the charge , continuing investigations that began when he was chairman .
Amid all of the scrutiny , the industry is seeking allies where it can find them .
Industry lobbyists said they are looking to members in New Jersey and New York with substantial pharmaceutical companies in their districts to defend them , at least behind the scenes .
Among the hoped - for allies , according industry lobbyists , are Democratic Reps. Edolphus Towns of New York and Frank Pallone Jr. of New Jersey and Republican Reps. Joe Barton of Texas , Mike Ferguson of New Jersey and Michael Burgess of Texas .
But finding allies may be difficult in an industry as embattled as pharmaceuticals , which even the Republican presidential front - runner , Arizona Sen .
John McCain , recently referred to as “ the bad guys . ”
“ Sometimes the political downside for coming to an industry ’s defense is too strong for even the most ardent supporter , ” noted a senior GOP staffer for an oversight committee .
“ You do n’t want to be seen as obstinate , ” the aide said .
“ You do n’t want to be the one to catch their attention . ”
Tuesday ’s
House oversight hearing focused on the fraud scandal surrounding the drug Ketek , an antibiotic that in some cases was found to cause liver damage .
After the clinical trials conducted by the drug ’s manufacturer , Sanofi-Aventis , were found to have been fraudulent , Congress started asking who knew what — and when .
“ There were sirens , red flags and bull horns , but it looks like the company and the FDA kept earplugs and blinders on , ” said Grassley , who testified before the committee about his investigation into Ketek when he was chairman of the Senate Finance Committee .
“ I smelled a coverup . ”
The House Commerce Committee chairman , Rep. John Dingell ( D - Mich . ) , was particularly incensed about evidence that the FDA knew about the fraud and tried to hide it — particularly from his committee .
In his opening statement , Dingell said the committee had “ repeatedly been stonewalled , ” and the administration had engaged in “ bad faith and obstruction . ”
Paul Herbert Chew , president of research and development at Sanofi - Aventis , told the committee that the company has since revised its drug research procedures .
The company has “ undertaken a comprehensive review of the lessons learned , ” Chew said .
“ In retrospect , Aventis could have been more proactive in bringing the issues ” to the FDA ’s attention .
Officials and lobbyists for the various drug companies insist they are being fully open with congressional investigators .
But Stupak said most of the companies are far from cooperative .
They are playing “ What nut is the pea under ? ” he said .
“ They ’re always moving it around .
You have to try to figure it out .
It ’s a constant dance . ”
One of the committee ’s most high - profile investigations has focused on one of the industry ’s cash cows , an anti-cholesterol drug , Vytorin , which last month was revealed to perform no better than a cheap generic — a fact that committee investigators say the companies covered up for more than 18 months .
Meanwhile , the investigators say , the drug was being heavily marketed , earning the Merck / Schering - Plough joint venture an estimated $ 5 billion last year .
“ It was obvious there was a coverup going on , ” Stupak said , noting the committee ’s investigation forced the revelation of the data .
In the wake of the revelations , Schering - Plough ’s stock dropped by 25 percent and Merck ’s , by 15 percent , according to news reports .
Stupak said that affecting the companies ’ share price was not a goal , but he does not regret it .
“ If it does affect their stock price after the stuff becomes public , I guess that the only pressure point the American public has , ” he said .
His subcommittee is also looking into whether company executives made millions of dollars by selling off stock options ahead of the release of the results .
The drug ’s makers said the study was time - consuming and took longer than they had anticipated .
Among the troubling findings were “ biological implausibilities , ” that made it difficult to interpret the data , said Skip Irvine , a spokesman for the Merck / Schering - Plough joint venture that produced the drug .
“ We have received a series of letters from the committee .
We are cooperating fully with the committee , and we stand behind our products , as we have done nothing wrong , ” Schering - Plough said in a written statement .
The two drug companies have also revealed they are facing more than 50 class action lawsuits alleging fraud , which they say they intend to fight .
The companies have taken out a national “ patient education ” campaign in local and national newspapers trying to reassure consumers .
At the same time , they “ temporarily ” suspended its television and Internet ad campaign .
April 3 , 2020
How do you revive characters we have n’t seen in nearly twenty years , from a show that itself is over thirty …
Brad Jayakody changed his T - shirt before boarding the flight A man wearing a T - shirt depicting a cartoon character holding a gun was stopped from boarding a flight by the security at Heathrow 's Terminal 5 .
Brad Jayakody , from Bayswater , central London , said he was " stumped " at the objection to his Transformers T - shirt .
Mr Jayakody said he had to change before boarding as security officers objected to the gun , held by the cartoon character .
Airport operator BAA said it was investigating the incident .
Mr Jayakody said the incident happened a few weeks ago , when he was challenged by an official during a pre-flight security check .
I was just looking for someone with a bit of common sense
Brad Jayakody
" He says , 'we wo n't be able to let you through because your T - shirt has got a gun on it ' , " Mr Jayakody said .
" I was like , ' What are you talking about ? ' . " [ The official 's ] supervisor comes over and goes ' sorry we can't let you through and you 've a gun on your T - shirt ' , " he said .
Mr Jayakody said he had to strip and change his T - shirt there before he was allowed to board his flight .
" I was just looking for someone with a bit of common sense , " he said .
" It 's a cartoon robot - what threat is it to security or offensive to anyone at all ? "
A BAA spokesman said there was no record of the incident and no " formal complaint " had been made .
" If a T - shirt had a rude word or a bomb on it , for example , a passenger may be asked to remove it , " he said .
" We are investigating what happened to see if it came under this category .
" If it 's offensive , we do n't want other passengers upset . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Clinton attacks Vanity Fair
The Clinton camp responded today to Vanity Fair 's long article on Bill with its own 2,476 - word memo , which includes attacks on the magazine 's " penchant for libel , " on editor Graydon Carter , and on writer Todd Purdum and his wife , former Clinton aide Dee Dee Myers .
The memo ( after the jump ) calls the piece " journalism of personal destruction at its worst " and singles out , among other things , Purdum 's suggestion that Clinton 's heart surgery changed his personality .
Purdum " is not an MD , " the memo points out .
The memo , provided by Clinton aide Jay Carson , also singles out Myers for this unexplained criticism :
Purdum 's disclosure of [ his marriage ] in the piece does not , as Vanity Fair apparently concluded , remove the obvious conflict of interest .
It 's a conflict that would likely not be contemplated at more reputable publications , especially considering that , as a result of this relationship , at least one source 's anonymity was revealed to others .
The memo also lists Bill Clinton 's post - presidential accomplishments .
" Most revealing is one simple fact : President Clinton has helped save the lives of 1,300,000 people in his post - presidency , and Vanity Fair could n't find time to talk to even one of them for comment , " it says .
Full memo after the jump .
See Also
TO : Interested Parties
FROM : Office of President Clinton
RE : Vanity Fair Article on President Clinton
DATE : June 1 , 2008
A tawdry , anonymous quote - filled attack piece , published in this month 's Vanity Fair magazine regarding former President Bill Clinton repeats many past attacks on him , ignores much prior positive coverage , includes numerous errors , and ultimately breaks no new ground .
It is , in short , journalism of personal destruction at its worst .
Any balanced account of President Clinton 's post - presidency - which other publications have referred to as one of " a great philanthropist ; " the face of " the power of philanthropy " and " a major force in fighting the pandemic [ HIV / AIDS ] " - would recognize that the lion 's share of his work is his multi-million dollar charitable foundation , which works in almost 50 countries around the world .
[ The Economist , 9/23/06 ; Fortune Magazine , 9/7/06 ; The Wall Street Journal , 1/14/04 ]
Vanity Fair , however , has chosen to publish thousands of words on former President Clinton , but to devote only a single paragraph to his enormous charitable accomplishments .
The piece also takes gratuitous and baseless shots at President Clinton 's longtime Counselor , Doug Band , a key architect of the post - presidency , in sections that are rife with mistakes and which , in particularly galling taste , go as far as to criticize Band 's wife , who started , and is the CEO of a multi-million dollar global company .
The article even criticizes his wedding .
The critiques of Band are baseless , and President Clinton has credited Band with being the originator of CGI and has noted that " I could n't have done half of what I have done in my post - presidency without him . "
The author , Todd Purdum , acknowledges speaking to over 50 people ( almost all of them anonymous Washington insiders ) before contacting President Clinton 's office about his piece .
Though he researched the piece for several months , his first contact with President Clinton 's office was several weeks before he closed the story .
Most revealing is one simple fact : President Clinton has helped save the lives of more than 1,300,000 people in his post - presidency , and Vanity Fair could n't find time to talk to even one of them for comment .
Below are facts and information for those who want to know the real story .
Information below :
I. The Real Facts about President Clinton 's Post - presidency
II . Vanity Fair's Troubling Ethical History
III .
Fact versus Fiction About this Piece
I. THE REAL FACTS ABOUT PRESIDENT CLINTON'S POST - PRESIDENCY
Ø In six years , the William J. Clinton Foundation has grown from a small staff with two offices in the U.S. into a leading global non-governmental organization , with over 800 staff and volunteers in 44 nations with the mission to strengthen the capacity of people throughout the world to meet the challenges of global interdependence .
Ø The Clinton Foundation is made up of seven initiatives that address some of the most pressing global challenges , including HIV / AIDS , climate change , childhood obesity in the United States and economic development around the world .
Ø The Clinton HIV / AIDS Initiative ( CHAI ) is focused on expanding access to HIV / AIDS care and treatment .
Through the Clinton HIV / AIDS Initiative :
ü 1.4 million people - nearly half of all people on treatment - have access to HIV / AIDS treatment at reduced prices reflecting CHAI negotiations .
ü Over the last two years , prices for pediatric ARVs have been reduced by 89 % .
CHAI has achieved 7 breakthrough price reductions on ARVs and diagnostics in four years , often reducing their cost by 50 % .
Ø The Clinton Climate Initiative ( CCI ) is working with 40 of the world 's largest cities to reduce greenhouse gas emissions through a variety of programs , including building retrofits and improvements in transportation and waste management .
Additionally , CCI 's purchasing consortium for energy efficiency products is accessible by more than 1,300 cities .
Ø The Clinton Global Initiative ( CGI ) provides an innovative , meaningful , and tangible platform to help the public and private sectors work together to devise and implement solutions to some of the world¹s most pressing challenges .
CGI has inspired nearly 1,000 Commitments to Action to improve over 200 million lives in 100 countries .
Ø The Alliance for a Healthier Generation - a partnership between the Clinton Foundation and the American Heart Association - is working with over 2,000 schools nationwide to create healthier school environments .
The Alliance has brokered agreements with 30 companies and trade associations in the beverage , food & dairy industries , resulting in a 41 % decrease in calories in the products shipped to schools .
Why did Vanity Fair fail to include any of this information in its post - presidency piece ?
Much lies in the sources they elected to pursue .
Who did VF call for this piece ?
* Dozens of Clinton " watchers , " " former aides , " and " senior aides " who refused to be identified .
Who did n't VF call ?
* The more than 800 staffers and volunteers in 44 nations who work for the Clinton Foundation .
* The 200,000,000 people in 100 countries whose lives will be impacted by commitments made by Clinton Global Initiative members .
* The 700 students from around the world who have made a commitment to act when they gathered for the first annual Clinton Global Initiative University .
* The more than 1,300 members of the Clinton Global Initiative who are leaders in government , including 36 Heads of State and 15 Former Heads of State , business and non-governmental organizations who have made commitments to action .
* The 1.4 million people with HIV / AIDS around the world who are benefiting from the Clinton Foundation 's successive price reduction .
* The more than 20 national governments that the Clinton Foundation 's HIV / AIDS Initiative works with around the world .
* The 7 pharmaceutical companies that have completed agreements with the Clinton HIV / AIDS Initiative allowing 67 countries to buy AIDS medicine at drastically reduced prices .
* The more than 750,000 kids from more than 1,000 schools in 44 states who are part of the Healthy Schools Program , which the Clinton Foundation launched with the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation to combat childhood obesity .
* The 30 companies and trade associations that the Clinton Foundation and American Heart Association 's Alliance for a Healthier Generation has brokered agreements with in the beverage , food and dairy industries , resulting in a 41 % decrease in calories in the products shipped to schools .
* The 425,000 people in eastern Rwanda and the 584,000 people in Malawi who the Clinton Hunter Development Initiative are helping reach economic self - sustenance through improved agricultural productivity , access to clean water , and stronger health - care systems .
* The hundreds of thousands of people in the Gulf Region who have been the beneficiary of over $ 130 million in grants given by the Bush Clinton Katrina Fund .
* The hundreds of thousands of people in Asia who have benefited from the $ 12 million in grants from the Bush - Clinton Houston Tsunami Fund .
* The New York City small businesses who received more than 65,000 hours of pro-bono technical assistance to help them stay competitive in an increasingly competitive environment .
* And at least two Nobel Peace Prize winners who have praised the President 's foundation :
* " The ( Clinton ) Foundation has already proven to be a unique vehicle for Bill Clinton to continue working on the issues he cared about most as president .
I congratulate the former president on establishing the Clinton Foundation and on the excellent work he has already done through it . "
- Nelson Mandela
* And Wangari M. Maathai , MP
II .
VANITY FAIR : A LONG HISTORY OF LIBEL AND A LOOSE RELATIONSHIP WITH THE FACTS
This piece was written by Todd Purdum , who is married to Dee Dee Myers , former White House Press Secretary .
Purdum 's disclosure of this in the piece does not , as Vanity Fair apparently concluded , remove the obvious conflict of interest .
It 's a conflict that would likely not be contemplated at more reputable publications , especially considering that , as a result of this relationship , at least one source 's anonymity was revealed to others .
It is , however , but an example of Vanity Fair 's ethical challenges .
Since 1992 , media outlets have reported on the magazine 's penchant for libel , which has led to numerous lawsuits .
The suits came from a wide range of people including : a former chess prodigy , Julia Sarwer ; Mohamed Fayed ; and American bio-weapons specialist and outed - anonymous source , Steven Jay Hatfill .
In 2004 , one of the magazine 's " premier " writers , Dominick Dunne , was accused of paying a woman to lie for his stories .
And in late 2006 , the conservative author David Frum took to the pages of Huffington Post to explain how , " [ i ] n short , Vanity Fair transformed a Washington debate over " how to correct course and win the war " to advance obsessions all their own . "
[ Huffington Post , 11/4/06 ]
Furthermore , several new outlets including the New York Times and the Los Angeles Times reported in 2004 on Editor in Chief Graydon Carter 's capitalization on his position at Vanity Fair to explore consulting and investment deals .
Specifically , they examined connections between Carter 's personal consulting deals with movie companies and Vanity Fair 's coverage .
It was revealed that Carter had received a $ 100,000 consultant fee for suggesting to Hollywood producer Brian Grazer that Sylvia Nasar 's book , A Beautiful Mind ( which had been excerpted in Vanity Fair ) , be adapted into a movie .
[ Columbia Journalism Review , Jan / Feb 2007 ]
Carter 's actions were condemned by Ed Kosner , a former editor of Newsweek , New York and Esquire : " When you 're running an important magazine , there 's an ethical line you just can't cross .
You do n't do any business on the side with people you 're covering .
You do n't pitch projects to people your magazine is covering .
You do n't accept gifts , " said Kosner .
" This is not a personal decision one makes as an editor .
It 's a journalistic code , something that 's very well known . "
The New York Observer concluded , " What Mr. Carter did was unconscionable . "
[ LA Times , 5/14/04 ; New York Observer , 5/24/04 ]
III .
VANITY FAIR VS .
THE FACTS
VF Claims : Based on the opinion of a single doctor , VF claims President Clinton had heart surgery that has led to him behaving erratically .
The Facts : Purdum , who is not an MD , quotes one doctor who has never examined President Clinton and who provides a hypothetical analysis ( from at least several hundred miles away ) to support this claim .
This theory is false and is flatly rejected by President Clinton 's doctors who say he is in excellent shape and point to his vigorous schedule as evidence of his exceptional recovery .
VF Claims : President Clinton had a negative impact on his wife 's campaign .
The Facts : Independent observers continue to praise President Clinton 's abilities on the stump : " I have always said that Bill Clinton is still par excellence among all of them [ speakers on the stump ] . "
[ Michael Smerconish on MSNBC , 5/12/08 ]
In his role as spouse / surrogate , Bill Clinton is still the gold standard : " And a spouse who I think gives the best stump speech of any spouse I`ve seen , with the exception of Bill Clinton . "
[ Mark Halperin on Charlie Rose , 5/6/08 ]
The New York Times has praised President Clinton 's " command of language , " " appreciation of the urgency " of the campaign , ability to boil down a subject to its essence resulting nodding heads , and " political skills and fighting style . "
[ New York Times , 5/5/08 ]
Finally , the data shows that Sen. Clinton won by huge margins in several rural counties that her husband visited : 44 percentage points in Armstrong County , 44 points in Cambria County , 48 points in Carbon County and 50 points in Greene County .
This compares with an edge of 26 points for Hillary among rural voters statewide .
In Bucks County , a Philadelphia suburb that Mr. Clinton visited , Sen. Clinton won by 26 points , compared with only three points in suburban Philadelphia as a whole .
[ WSJ , 4/26/08 ]
VF Claims : " As disclosures about his dubious associations piled up .his wife 's reluctance to release their income - tax returns created crippling and completely avoidable distractions for Hillary Clinton 's own long - suffering ambition . "
The Facts : The Clintons have made public thirty years of tax returns , a record matched by few people in public service .
None of Hillary Clinton 's presidential opponents have revealed anything close to this amount of personal financial information .
VF Says :
There is ample evidence that his eight - year absence from a political workplace that has changed .
The Facts :
To suggest that President Clinton has sat idly watching campaigns play out for the last eight years is irresponsible .
In June 2006 , under the headline : Clinton is the Life of the Democratic Party , the New York Times wrote : " In what promises to be his most intensive campaign since he left office , former President Bill Clinton is scheduled to appear at more than two dozen fund - raisers for Democrats around the country , hoping to collect at least $ 20 million for his party 's drive to recapture Congress . "
[ New York Times , 6/6/06 ]
VF Says :
For one thing , she lent her campaign $ 11.4 million this year , and because the Clintons ' finances are commingled .
The Facts : Bill and Hillary Clinton have been married for over thirty years , yet the article makes it seems as though there is something suspicious about a husband and wife who have a joint financial account .
This is ridiculous , and only serves to promote the opaque financial arrangements that the McCain campaign has relied on to deny the public information about his wife 's finances .
VF Says : Since 2001 , Clinton has received more in almost every category - pension , staff salaries , supplies - than any of his colleagues in that smallest of clubs .
Before Ronald Reagan and Gerald Ford died , Clinton 's telephone and rent expenses came close to exceeding the comparable expenses for all four then living former presidents combined .
The Facts : 1 . President Clinton receives the same pension amount as the other former presidents .
2 . The difference in cost for President Clinton 's office is attributable to location .
Real estate in New York City is more expensive than in other cities .
The rent for President Clinton 's office is comparable to that of Social Security Administration , a federal agency with an office in the same building .
3 . The numbers referenced by VF are GSA allocations , not actual amounts spent .
Funds are allocated in accordance with the Former 's Presidents Act .
Under the Act , GSA allocates funds based on previous years allocations and GSA 's projections .
For Fiscal years 2005 , 2006 and 2007 the President 's office did not spend the full amount allocated by GSA .
VF claims : Band showed poor judgment
The Facts :
In fact he is the originator of CGI , which has raised over $ 30 billion and impacted over 200 million people globally ; helped raise $ 100 million with President Bush to help tsunami victims in Asia in addition to $ 20 million for the families of 9 - 11 victims to go to college ; helped lead president Clinton 's effort to put more than half of the developing world 's HIV patients on life saving treatment , and his efforts to develop programs that fight climate change with the world 's 40 most prominent mayors , childhood obesity and promoting citizen service .
VF Claims : President Clinton 's Counselor Doug Band was involved in a deal involving Ron Burkle and Raffaello Follieri .
The Facts : Band was not involved in and did not receive remuneration for this deal .
Beckham 's Have Touching Moment ( Photos )
and his wife , have been accused of looking disgruntled when photographed out and about .
We 've got photos that seem to prove the point .
We 've also got some shots of the couple inside their limousine sharing an intimate moment .
Scope out this ultra serious couple as they reach out and touch .
Perhaps they are inhibited by the paparazzi and that is what is making their gestures look so stilted .
Check out the pictures on the next page .
We 've also thrown in a surprising photo of Scary Spice as she cops a feel of Posh Spice .
Hmmmm .
Members of the European Parliament are routinely accepting gifts , wages and hospitality from companies they are charged with regulating .
Although , under pressure to improve EU decision - making transparency , MEPs this week agreed a plan for a mandatory register for the estimated 15,000 lobbyists in Brussels , they have avoided taking action to curb possible abuses of their own .
Among senior British MEPs who admit taking gifts , money and hospitality from businesses is the West Midlands Conservative MEP , Malcolm Harbour .
He is a leading figure in the debate on carbon dioxide and fuel efficiency in Brussels .
Since 2004 , Mr Harbour has been loaned 18 cars by the industry .
Also courtesy of the car industry , he has attended Grand Prix races and received cross-country driving instruction .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Provided they declare any interest , MEPs are not breaking any regulations .
Mr Harbour says he drives cars because he needs " to understand what is going on , and I declare it as I feel that I have nothing to hide " .
Another self - declared beneficiary of the car industry 's generosity is Martin Callanan , a Conservative MEP for the North - East .
In 2006 , he was given a discount by Ford when buying a new car .
Along with a colleague , he recently tabled a crucial amendment to a report on CO2 emissions for cars .
It gave manufacturers three extra years to prepare for the limit , a move described as " disastrous " by Green MEPs .
Mr Callanan says his discount was available to all MEPs but that he declared it " to avoid any accusation of conflict of interest " .
Giles Chichester , Tory leader in the parliament , is also president of the European Energy Forum , which promotes the interests of the oil , gas and nuclear industries .
In May 2007 , he was the guest of nuclear company Areva at the America 's Cup race off Valencia .
Mr Chichester says the trip had no bearing on his long - held pro-nuclear views .
Conservative Scottish MEP John Purvis , vice - chairman of the influential Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , is a non-executive chairman of Belgrave Capital Management , a recruiting arm of a Swiss company that invests in hedge funds .
In 2003 , Mr Purvis was the rapporteur who proposed a " light - handed EU - wide regulatory regime " for the hedge - fund industry .
He sees no conflict of interest : " The whole of my career has been in banking and finance , so at least I know something about it . "
Sharon Bowles , a Liberal Democrat MEP for the South - East , is a leading patent lawyer .
She is a member of the parliamentary committee of the Chartered Institute of Patent Attorneys , whose role includes lobbying the parliament .
She says there is no conflict of interest as she is not practising .
She admits that it is " valid " to think there might be a conflict of interest " and would be happy to come off " .
Chris Davies , a Lib Dem MEP for North - West England , said : " The European parliamentary rules are 20 years behind those of Westminster .
They really are a scandal waiting to happen . "
Peter Facey , director of Unlock Democracy , added : " It is welcome that MEPs are requiring lobbyists to be transparent ; now they must do more themselves .
It is high time we began the process of comprehensive reform .
Otherwise public confidence in European institutions will continue to slide . "
By Eric Peters , Automotive Columnist
Some things you should never tell the guy trying to sell you a car .
Such as ?
1 ) How Much You Like The Car
Never show emotion ; it ’s the surest way to paying too much .
It lets the seller know you really , really , really want that particular car and are probably not thinking clearly and are thus willing to overlook a lot of things — including the price — in order to make it yours .
The smart policy is to feign indifference .
The car ’s ok .
But you ’re not attached to it — and do n’t mind buying a different car on another day .
Maybe from someone else .
If your will is weak — or you need moral support — bring a trusted friend or spouse to help keep you in line .
As the saying goes , think about England ( or baseball ) … .
2 ) How Much You Can Afford To Spend
Keep that card close to your chest .
Once the salesman knows your price point , he will try to steer you toward cars that cost about that much , but never less .
On the other hand , if the dealer is n’t sure what you can afford or want to spend , he may be more inclined to show you some better deals , first .
3 ) How Little You Know About The Car
Ignorance is rarely bliss .
And one sure - fire way to encourage skullduggery is to let on that you do n’t know much about cars , generally — or the car you ’re looking at , specifically .
Keep your mouth shut — and let the salesman talk .
It ’s even more important that any questions you ask sound informed and intelligent .
You do n’t have to be a “ car guy ” to do that , either .
But you do have to spend a little time researching the make / model vehicle you ’re looking at ( along with competitor models ) so that you know enough about it ( and them ) to not sound like a babe in the woods when you start talking with the salesman .
If you ’re totally clueless about cars , bringing along a knowledgeable friend / spouse is a smart move .
If you do n’t have any such car - savvy friends / family members , consider a buying service .
These will handle the negotiation process for you — and while there is a fee involved , you ’ll know what it is up front and it ’ll probably be lower than what you could have achieved on your own through “ haggling ” with a sales shark .
4 ) Never Discuss The Monthly Payment
Related to the point about not letting on how much you want to spend overall — but potentially even more damaging — is avoiding any discussion about the monthly payment .
It ’s very easy for a clever salesman to get an unsophisticated buyer to focus on that Low Low monthly payment — obscuring ugly facts about the total purchase price ( and interest ) he ’s about to saddle you with .
For example , by extending a loan from three or four years to five or even six years , the monthly payment can be lowered — but the actual purchase price may have been jacked up by thousands .
And you could be paying additional thousands in unnecessary interest payments , too .
( This is how some unlucky people end up “ upside down ” — owing more in payments than the vehicle is actually worth . )
Negotiate the purchase price first — and the monthly payment will take care of itself .
5 ) Be Coy About Your Trade - in Plans
A common mistake some buyers make is to arrive at the dealer with their old car — and get sucked into a discussion about its trade - in value before negotiating the price of the new car .
Why is this a problem ?
Simple .
It ’s an old car salesman trick to make the buyer feel he has the edge by giving him what seems like a great deal on his trade — while making up the difference on the price of the new car .
If you plan to trade , it ’s smart to avoid any discussion of what your plans are until after you ’ve settled with the dealership on the sales price of the car you ’re buying .
Then bring up your trade .
Tip : Drive to the dealership in a vehicle other than the one you intend to trade .
This way , the dealer has no clue about the potential value of your old car until later on — which makes it harder for them to manipulate you over the price of the car you ’re trying to buy .
Comments ?
www.ericpetersautos.com
Image Credit : bonkedproducer
Mr. Obama hardly created this moment , with its potent brew of Bush loathing and sweeping generational change .
He simply had the vision to tap into it .
Running in 2008 rather than waiting four more years was the single smartest political decision he ’s made ( and , yes , he ’s made dumb ones too ) .
The second smartest was to understand and emphasize that subterranean , nearly universal anticipation of change rather than settle for the narrower band of partisan , dyspeptic Bush - bashing .
We do n’t know yet if he ’s the man who can make the moment  and wo n’t know unless he gets to the White House  but there ’s no question that the moment has helped make the man .
For five years boomers have been asking , “ Why are the kids not in the streets screaming about the war the way we were ? ”
The simple answer : no draft .
But as Morley Winograd and Michael D. Hais show in “ Millennial Makeover , ” their book about the post - 1982 American generation , that energy has been plowed into quieter social activism and grand - scale social networking , often linked on the same Web page .
The millennials ’ bottom - up digital superstructure was there to be mined , for an amalgam of political organizing , fund - raising and fun , and Mr. Obama ’s camp knew how to work it .
The part of the press that ca n’t tell the difference between Facebook and , say , AOL , was too busy salivating over the Clintons ’ vintage 1990s roster of fat - cat donors to hear the major earthquake rumbling underground .
The demographic reshaping of the electoral map , though more widely noted , still is n’t fully understood .
From Rust Belt Ohio through Tuesday ’s primaries , cable bloviators have been fixated on the older , white , working - class vote .
Their unspoken ( and truly condescending ) assumption , lately embraced by Mrs. Clinton , is that these voters are Reagan Democrats , cryogenically frozen since 1980 , who come in two flavors : rubes who will be duped by a politician backing a gas - tax pander or racists who are out of Mr. Obama ’s reach .
Image Credit ...
Barry Blitt
Guess what : there are racists in America and , yes , the occasional rubes ( even among Obama voters ) .
Some of them may reside in Indiana , which has n’t voted for a national Democratic ticket since 1964 .
But there are many more white working - class voters , both Clinton and Obama supporters , who prefer Democratic policies after seven years of G.O.P. failure .
And there is little evidence to suggest that there are enough racists of any class in America , let alone in swing states , to determine the results come fall .
As the Times columnist Charles Blow charted last weekend , Mr. Obama ’s favorable and unfavorable ratings from white Democrats are both up 5 points since last summer in the Times / CBS poll  a wash despite all the hyperventilating about Mr. Wright and Bittergate .
( By contrast , Mrs. Clinton ’s favorable rating among black voters fell 36 points while her unfavorable rating rose 17 . )
Gallup last week found that after the Wright circus Mr. Obama ’s white support in a matchup against Mr. McCain is still no worse than John Kerry ’s against President Bush in 2004 .
But this is n’t 2004 , and the fixation on that one demographic in the Clinton - Obama contest has obscured the big picture .
The rise in black voters and young voters of all races in Democratic primaries is re-weighting the electorate .
Look , for instance , at Ohio , the crucial swing state that Mr. Kerry lost by 119,000 votes four years ago .
This year black voters accounted for 18 percent of the state ’s Democratic primary voters , up from 14 percent in 2004 , an increase of some 230,000 voters out of an overall turnout leap of roughly a million .
Voters under 30 ( up by some 245,000 voters ) accounted for 16 percent , up from 9 in 2004 .
Those younger Ohio voters even showed up in larger numbers than the perennially reliable over - 65 crowd .
Advertisements
Ralph Nader continued his tour of the West Coast recently in Oakland , CA .
Nader declared that the United States is running under a corporate fascist economic system .
“ We ’re living in a country whose democracy is beyond the breaking point .
The extent of corporate control has developed into corporate fascism , ” Nader said .
He said only small businesses still practice capitalism , “ We do n’t have a capitalist economic system – it ’s corporate fascism .
Every major tenet of capitalism is violated by corporate power .
Only small businesses still practice capitalism .
We used to be able to challenge corporate influence in Washington , but they have so much power now that we can ’t .
The corporations are laughing at us .
They ’re daring us to try to take away their power . ”
See this is why we need people like Ralph Nader and Mike Gravel in the race .
It astounds me when my fellow Democrats talk about the need for voters to have ballot access and fair elections , then turn around and criticize Ralph Nader as if he is doing something wrong by running for president .
Advertisements
The ultimate check and balance in our governmental system is the freedom of the minority to question the views of the majority .
Clinton , McCain , and Obama are all taking corporate dollars .
The only difference from previous elections is that they are bundling them as individual donations .
If any of the major party candidates were serious about saving our democracy , the first thing that they would do is promise to work towards the public funding of our elections .
Only when elections are publicly funded , is playing field level and we can talk about issues again .
If Nader can raise awareness about this problem , then I say more power to him .
Nader quotes came from here .
By DANIEL MARTIN
Last updated at 22:28 14 February 2008
Middle - class women who smoke in early pregnancy do almost no harm to their unborn baby , researchers claimed last night .
Only women from poorer backgrounds damage their babies by smoking , because they tend to combine it with alcohol and a poor diet .
The study by the London School of Economics also casts doubt on the traditional view that smoking during early pregnancy does the most harm to the baby .
If women stop smoking by the fifth month the impact on the baby is negligible - and even if they carry on it has surprisingly little impact on birthweight .
Scroll down for more ...
The study may come as a relief to mothers such as Kerry Katona and Kate Garraway , who have come under attack for smoking while pregnant .
But it was criticised last night by charities , which said earlier research clearly linked smoking with an increased risk of miscarriage , premature birth and cot death , as well as breathing problems .
The Government advises pregnant women not to smoke but 20 per cent do .
The babies of mothers who smoke weigh an average 7 oz less than those born to mothers who do not .
Children with low birthweight are more likely to die early or have developmental problems .
But the author of the LSE study , Emma Tominey , says smoking in early pregnancy makes little difference and most damage is done in the final third of pregnancy , when babies gain the most weight .
She claims that if all pregnant women quit smoking , the number of low birthweight babies would fall only by an eighth .
Miss Tominey , research assistant at LSE's Centre for Economic Performance , said : " Other behaviours of the mother play a large role , over and above her smoking .
" Not only is it the low socio - economic status mothers who choose to smoke but they are also the mothers bearing the greatest burden from the smoking .
" Any solution must offer help to these mothers , to target those with the worst habits and poorest records of child health . "
She said that rather than just telling mothers not to smoke , the Government should highlight the importance of other lifestyle factors .
And they should target " stop smoking " services towards the lowest social groups .
Miss Tominey used the National Child Development Study , which recorded smoking habits and family information for 3,368 women and the birthweight and gestation period for their 6,860 children from 1973 to 2000 .
She said smoking throughout pregnancy shortens the gestation period by little more than a day and reduces birthweight by 5.6 per cent .
However , other factors make a significant difference .
Among women with a healthier lifestyle , diet and alcohol consumption , the effect of smoking on birthweight falls to 1.8 per cent , while the reduction in gestation becomes negligible .
Professor Robert West , of Cancer Research UK , said : " The vast body of research shows that smoking is harmful throughout pregnancy and stopping at any stage will be good for your baby .
" This study is focused on birthweight but many other studies have found smoking in pregnancy is linked to an increased risk of miscarriage , premature birth and cot death , as well as breathing problems .
" Pregnancy is the perfect time to stop smoking .
Giving up is the best way to reduce the risk of cancer and many women who give up during pregnancy remain smoke free after birth . "
This computer graphic image shows the planned Bombardier CSeries airliner , which is planned to fly in 2013 .
Damaged aircraft could repair themselves automatically , even during flight , by mimicking healing processes found in nature , a researcher said this week .
One method could be as simple as a resin that oozes into cracks on demand .
Not only might such a breakthrough lead to safer planes , but it could also lead to lighter craft that would save fuel , drop costs and reduce global warming gas emissions as well .
" At oil approaching $ 130 a barrel , if you can strip weight off , you could save money , " said researcher Ian Bond , a materials scientist at the University of Bristol in England .
Damage common
Aircraft routinely suffer damage from day - to - day use .
A great deal of aerospace research goes into materials that can resist damage .
" You would be surprised how often trucks drive into aircraft when parked at airports , " Bond told LiveScience .
" And then you have tools dropped on planes at maintenance hangers , or hailstones when flying through storms .
Very subtle damage , little dings and cracks and bangs that , if left undetected , could grow into something serious .
At aircraft hangers , a lot of time is spent trying to find these defects . "
Aircraft designs that nowadays help cope with damage end up adding weight .
" The idea is that you 'd want what structure you 'd have left after damage to be able to sustain all the loads you'd be likely to see , " Bond said .
" This ends up adding weight , which as you can imagine is at a premium with aircraft . "
Humans do it
A system that could help planes repair themselves " would definitely help with safety , and by not worrying as much about damage , there could be huge savings in weight , " Bond said .
" The human body repairs itself all the time , sometimes after quite severe damage .
Why ca n't we make structures do the same sort of thing ? "
The key would be hollow fibers loaded with epoxy resin and hardener .
Such vessels could be embedded in any part of the structure of the aircraft — its fuselage , wings , nose or tailfin — and would bleed out when cracked to seal any hole , mimicking scabs over a wound .
The damaged material could recover up to 80 to 90 percent of its original strength , comfortably allowing a plane to function .
Dye mixed into the resin could make repaired damage show up as colored patches that could easily be spotted during subsequent ground inspections , so that full repairs could be carried out if necessary .
Such dye would not show up in normal lighting conditions , only visible when exposed to ultraviolet light .
This way , the system will " complement rather than replace conventional inspection and maintenance routines , which can readily pick up larger - scale damage , caused by a bird strike , for example , " Bond said .
These resin-loaded fibers could find use wherever fiber - reinforced polymer composites are used .
Such lightweight , high - performance materials are proving increasingly popular not only in aircraft but also in cars , wind turbines and even spacecraft .
The new self - repair system could therefore have an impact in all these fields .
Circulating scheme
The scientists are also developing systems where the healing agent is not contained in individual fibers , but can actually move around in a network of tubes , " just like the circulatory systems found in animals and plants , " Bond said .
" Such a system could have its healing agent refilled or replaced and could repeatedly heal a structure throughout its lifetime , " he added .
" Furthermore , it offers potential for developing other biological - type functions in man-made structures , such as controlling temperature or distributing energy sources . "
Currently Bond and his colleagues are working with hollow glass fibers loaded with an off - the - shelf resin .
They are currently developing a custom - made resin optimized for use in the system .
" Current epoxy systems have to be mixed in precise ratios , such as two parts of one ingredient with one part of another , " Bond said .
" We 'd need the resin to be much more tolerant of different mix ratios , because we can't control the situation in the air . "
" And we 'd need it to be low viscosity , and fairly stable — it needs to last a long time , " he added .
" It could be sitting in an aircraft 's structure for quite long periods of time , maybe years , and still needs to be reactive when called upon . "
The resin would need enough time to ooze into any crack before hardening , yet ideally work quickly enough to have an effect when the aircraft is still flying .
Control of the hardening of the resin would get complicated by the cold temperatures found in the high altitudes that planes typically fly at .
" I think such a resin is achievable , " Bond said .
" It 's just that no one 's ever been asked to make such a resin . "
A working system could be up in the next five years , Bond suggested .
The scientists received funding from the United Kingdom 's Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council .
REST .
What is it , and how can it be used to design better web applications ?
A presentation at RailsConf did me a great service by first pointing out all the things REST is not .
It is n't CRUD .
It is n't pretty URLs .
It is neither a protocol nor an architecture , but it can play a role in your implementation of all of the above .
REST itself though , is less concrete than all of that .
It is a theoretical framework , a way of thinking about designing distributed software systems .
For me , the first step in absorbing its principles is to forget about the database and focus on the fundamentals .
This article will start there , then drill down to show how these ideas can help organize the development of your Rails applications .
REST encourages a focus on resources .
A resource is anything that can be named , and your system can have as many resources and corresponding names as you want .
Conversely , there is a limited set of operations defined on those resources .
Unlike objects in object - oriented programming languages , which support very diverse , rich interfaces , resources in a RESTful system are relatively uniform .
So how can a sophisticated API be developed if REST requires a fixed and limited number of operations that resources can support ?
The answer : add more resources !
Lets play with an example .
Say I 'm writing a web application that has a collection of shapes that can be moved to new locations .
In an object oriented program , I might have a move method defined on each shape , but in this RESTful API , I have assigned consistent semantics to a limited set of operations supported by the HTTP protocol .
I can show ( GET ) , create ( POST ) , update ( PUT ) , and destroy ( DELETE ) my resources .
Nowhere in the HTTP specification is the a MOVESHAPE method defined .
A naiive approach to remedying this limitation is to shoehorn this operation into the protocol by abusing URLs .
http://againstgrain.com/shapes/move/1I call this abuse because URL stands for uniform resource locator , and it's very hard to see this imperative - style command encoding as much of a resource .
This is an API decision that fights the nature of the protocol it uses .
How can the API go with the flow ?
There are many potential solutions .
Let me outline two , the first very simple , the second more sophisticated .
The first solution is to recognize that a move operation is just a change to the location of an object .
If we expose this location as a resource and allow it to be updated , we 'll implement movement in a natural way without contorting URLs to name things that are n't actually resources :
So we combine one of the four standard operations : update , represented by an HTTP PUTWith a resource : http://withgrain.com/shapes/1/locationUpdating the location of the shape will naturally equate to moving it .
But what if we want the movement to be relative to the objects current position , so that the client can say that they want a shape to move 5 pixels up and 10 pixels to the right without needing to know the objects current position or do any computation ?
To solve that problem , we apply a technique I learned doing computational semantics : reification .
Reification means that we give solid form or objecthood to something formerly fleeting or ephemeral .
Anything can be reified .
The fact that I am named Nathan Sobo can be thought of as my NathanSoboness , which is an ( albeit abstract ) conceptual object .
Here we 'll apply the technique in a more conservative fashion , and say that shapes are associated with a history of movements .
This movement history is a collection , which is itself a resource .
http://withgrain.com/shapes/1/relative_movementsNow say we want to move the shape .
We combine the above resource locator with one of our standard operations , create , implemented as an HTTP POST .
By posting a new movement to a shapes history , we cause the shape to move .
Now we 're working with HTTP rather than around it .
So how does this transfer to the design of Rails applications ?
Embracing resource oriented application development means you 'll be writing more controllers with fewer , more consistent methods .
Lets work through a potential implementation of the shape API in Rails .
It will all start in the routes file , with map .
resources ...
Lets say we want to expose both the relative and absolute means of moving a shape .
First we 'll start with a shapes resource .
map.resources : shapes
This represents the collection of all shapes in our system .
It assumes the existince of a corresponding ShapesController and will set up a series of routes and url - generating methods to help reference the actions therein .
Note the controller and its standard complement of methods below.class ShapesController < ActionController :: Basedef indexenddef showenddef createenddef editenddef updateenddef destroyendendBut with map .
resources , the actions on the controller do not play a critical role in the url .
They merely name the operations to which a given pairing of HTTP request method and URL will map .
GETting / shapes will execute index .
POSTing to / shapes will execute create .
GETting / shapes / : id will execute show .
PUTting to / shapes / : id will execute update , and DELETEing / shapes / : id will execute destroy .
So even though there are 5 actions , there are really only two url patterns , one referencing the resource that is the collection of all shapes , and another referencing resources that are members of that collection .
We can reference these urls with automatically defined methods : shapes_urlshape_url( @square ) or shape_url ( @square.id )
By pairing these with the correct HTTP method , we can access every operation we need .
Now lets add relative movement : map.
resources : shapes do |shape|shape.resources :relative_movements , :name_prefix => ' shape_'end
This again assumes the existence of a RelativeMovementController with all of the standard methods defined on it .
Except the resources supported by this controller are nested within shape resources , so the URL patterns look like this :/ shapes/1/relative_movements/shapes/1/relative_movements/4Because of the : name_prefix we supplied ( which will no longer be needed at some release of Rails in the future ) , we can refer to these URLs with helper methods that look like this : shape_relative_movements_url( @triangle ) to get / shapes/1/relative_movementsshape_relative_movement_url( @triangle , 4 ) to get / shapes/1/relative_movements /4All of the same rules about HTTP method choice allow access to the RelativeMovementController 's actions .
Now a cool twist : Singleton resources .
Lets add the nested position resource to shapes.map.resources : shapes do |shape|shape.resources :relative_movements , :name_prefix => ' shape_'shape.resource :position , :name_prefix => ' shape_'endAnd a corresponding controller , this time with a different complement of methods : class PositionController < ActionController :: Basedef showenddef editenddef updateendendBecause position is a singleton resource nested inside of shape , this controller is designed to deal with a single resource rather than a collection of them , so there is no need for an index action .
The HTTP verb / URL combination mappings are also different .
So PUTting to / shapes / 1/ position will invoke the update action .
None of these changes are Earth - shattering , but the simple act of focusing on resources is a force that will organize your application .
Rather than growing a hodgepodge of actions on ever fattening controllers , you 'll instead create a greater number of controllers that are more circumscribed in their responsibilities .
What does this say about your model ?
Not much .
I used to think that it was important to have a controller for every model object , and I no longer do .
Controllers are responsible for supporting the exposure of resources to a remote API .
This collection of resources is , in a sense , your remote client 's model .
Whether your resources map precisely onto your underlying data model is your business .
For example , you might expose resources that have no direct correspondence in the model layer .
Or you might have model objects that you do n't choose to expose as resources .
But regardless , REST finally provides an organizing principle for the controller layer .
Even if you do n't plan on exposing a RESTful API as a service , thinking in terms of resources will help you build more consistent applications and help you make fewer decisions .
I realize that this article has by no means covered every aspect of REST , but I hope it fills a gap that I felt as I was learning all of this .
Japanese Used Car Auction
We have been exporting the highest quality Japanese used cars to more than 150 countries .
Firms now do much of their business off the balance sheet .
The swashbuckling Bear Stearns was a party to $ 2.5 trillion  no typo  of a derivative instrument known as a credit default swap .
Such swaps are off - the - books agreements with third parties to exchange sums of cash according to a motley assortment of other credit indicators .
In truth , no outsider could understand what Bear ( or Citi , or Lehman ) was committed to .
The thought that Bear ’s counterparties ( the firms on the other side of that $ 2.5 trillion ) would call in their chits  and then cancel their trades with Lehman , perhaps with Merrill Lynch and so forth  sent Wall Street into panic mode .
Had Bear collapsed , or so asserted a veteran employee , “ it would have been the end : pandemonium and global meltdown . ”
Image
Perhaps .
Or perhaps , after some bad weeks or months , Wall Street would have recovered .
What is scary is the degree to which the Fed assimilated the alarmism on the Street : “ These guys are so afraid of an economic cycle , ” a hedge - fund manager remarked .
And without public airing or debate , it stretched the implicit federal safety net under Wall Street .
To question intervention is not to dispute that markets need rules .
But for nearly two decades , Washington has trimmed its regulatory sails .
The repeal of Glass - Steagall , which once separated banks from securities firms , and the evolution of new instruments that circumvent disclosure rules have loosened the market ’s moorings .
Huge pools of capital have been permitted to operate virtually unregulated .
Mortgages have been written to the flimsiest of credits .
Swelling derivative books have made a mockery of disclosure .
The relaxation of oversight has implied an unholy bargain : let markets operate unfettered in good times , confident that the feds will come to the rescue in bad .
In 1998 , the Fed intervened to cushion the collapsing hedge fund Long - Term Capital Management ; dot - com stocks immediately began their dubious ascent .
Then , when the tech meltdown led to a recession and the Fed cut rates to 1 percent , adjustable - rate mortgages became as hot as the iPod .
One rescue begets the next excess .
It is true that Bear ’s shareholders have suffered steep losses .
But the Fed went much further than in previous episodes to calm the waters .
Notably , it announced it would accept mortgage securities as collateral for loans  enlarging its role as lender of last resort .
( Wall Street jesters had it that the Fed would also be accepting “ cereal box - tops . ” )
Then the Fed extended a backstop line of credit to JPMorgan to tide Bear over ; finally , it agreed to absorb the ugliest $ 30 billion of Bear ’s assets .
Government rescues are as old as private enterprise itself , but we are well beyond the days of guaranteeing loans to stodgy manufacturers à la Chrysler and Lockheed .
Those cases were contained ; the borders of finance are more nebulous .
However pure of motive , Bernanke & Co. are underwriting overleveraged markets whose linkages , even today , are dimly understood .
The formula of laissez faire in advance and intervention in the aftermath has it exactly wrong .
Better that the Fed , with Congress ’s help if need be , ensures that regulators and markets have the tools to know what companies are worth before the trouble hits .
Charles Edwards , a 95 - year - old former coal miner and farmer , travelled with his family for three - and - a - half hours from his home in Union Hall , Virginia , to attend the launch of Barack Obama 's general election campaign .
Edwards spent more than half his life suffering the indignity of discrimination .
Speaking after Obama 's speech , Edwards recalled coming off a nightshift in the coal mines of West Virginia and ordering ham and eggs in a restaurant .
" The waitress said she did not serve coloureds in the restaurant and told me to eat in the kitchen .
I said ' keep the food ' and walked out , " he said .
That is why he travelled to see Obama , why he was so delighted when he won the Democratic nomination against Hillary Clinton on Tuesday night and why he hopes to see him make it to the White House .
" It is time we got a black president .
I was afraid it would not be in my lifetime , " Edwards said .
The election is Obama 's to lose .
The mood in the country is strongly anti-Republican , and the party is more divided than the Democrats .
Many conservatives are saying they will not support the party 's presidential candidate , John McCain .
Many believe Obama is an inspirational speaker - and that McCain is not - and has a powerful organisation behind him , efficient in getting votes .
But there are five months to go , and the Republican attack machine will be much nastier than Clinton 's campaign team .
Will Michelle Obama make an unguarded remark ?
How close were his links to extremist groups such as the Weathermen ?
And , above all , how racist is America ?
Obama , for the launch of his campaign on Thursday , visited the Appalachian mountain region that has been the most resistant to him : predominantly white , working - class , and a stronghold of the Republicans .
The Appalachian states had the highest ratio of voters in the country who admitted to having voted for Clinton , rather than Obama , on race grounds .
He held the first public meeting of the campaign in Bristol , a small town that straddles the Virginia - Tennessee border and styles itself as the birthplace of country music .
Over the next two weeks , he will continue to target areas such as these that proved so unproductive for him in the race with Clinton and that he needs to win in the general election : Ohio , Pennsylvania and Florida .
Obama fought an unusual campaign to win the nomination , going for states that the Democrats do not normally bother with .
His team say he is going to repeat that for the November election , competing in 50 states rather than just the swing ones .
He will have the funds to do that .
Robert Gibbs , Obama 's communications director and a long - time adviser , watching Obama from the sidelines in Bristol , said : " We will compete heavily in the traditional swing states like Florida and Ohio .
But we have shown we can bring into play more than just the traditional states . "
And one of the targets is Virginia , which has voted Republican in the presidential election for more than 40 years .
" Our strategy on John McCain is to boil it down to a single theme of change versus more of the same , a turning point versus McCain - Bush , " Gibbs said , adding that Obama would not make the age difference an issue .
McCain is 71 and Obama 46 , Obama does not have to mention the gap : it will be obvious every time they stand together , whether in the town hall meetings McCain proposed in the next few months or the three debates in autumn .
Although Iraq , Iran and other foreign policy issues will dominate the campaign , Obama will concentrate , as he did in Bristol , on domestic concerns : introduction of universal healthcare , which is popular , and tax increases for those earning more than $ 100,000 ( £ 50,000 ) , which is risky .
Politicians do not like spontaneity .
But Obama showed in Bristol he can handle it .
It was Edwards who inadvertently tested him .
His daughter stood to say her father was 95 and had travelled a long way to see him .
Edwards then rose to his feet , went to the podium and gave Obama his walking stick , which he had made himself , as a present .
Obama was initially unsure .
He said how well Edwards looked for his age .
He looked at the stick , and described it as beautiful .
Still struggling , he mumbled about how it looked like maple .
And then he found the poise that may yet see him win .
He waved the stick about , dancing about .
If members of Congress tried to block his healthcare bill , he would take the stick to them , he shouted .
" I 'll whoop em !
That 's right .
I 'll have that stick , " he said .
Introduction
Opera has consistently defied expectations about what a browser ( and browser company ) can accomplish .
Begun back in 1994 as a research project at the Norwegian research company Telenor , the Opera browser was first released as version 2.0 in 1996 , and ported to multiple platforms in 1998 .
Originally a paid - for browser , Opera became ad - supported with version 5 , but the ads were removed in the 8.5 release , bringing the browser to completely free status .
Version 9 offered many improvements , and now the company has released a second beta preview of version 9.5 , which Ars first took a look at last year , back when it was in alpha .
I should say at the outset that I am a huge Opera fan , and I use the browser on my home computer , although at work I use a combination of IE7 and Firefox 2 ( for testing purposes ) , and I am very impressed with the latest beta of Firefox 3 .
Each browser has its own strengths and weaknesses .
However , I have found Opera ( since version 9 ) to be a strong contender for the best all - around web browser , and 9.5 looks better still .
Installation
Opera 9.5 Beta 2 is a 4.4MB download on Windows , a surprisingly small file size considering the plethora of features that Opera has to offer ( in comparison , Firefox 3 Beta 5 is a 7.2 MB download , and Safari comes in at 18.7MB ) .
The installer is short and sweet — earlier versions of Opera exhibited occasional pixelation in the clipart models of happy people who graced the various screens , but this new version simply has a placeholder graphic :
The browser installs in a separate directory from 9.0 , allowing users to test out the beta while still running the current released version ( 9.27 at the time of this writing ) at the same time .
The beta can be uninstalled at any point while still leaving 9.0 — including any customizations and enhancements — untouched .
Performance
Opera remains one of the fastest browsers on the planet : extensive tests of Opera 9 done a couple of years ago found it to blow away all contenders in a suite of tests that measured startup time , CSS rendering , table rendering , image display , browser history , and JavaScript speed .
I ran some JavaScript speed benchmarks on Opera 9.5 Beta 2 on my home system ( Core2 Duo at 1.8GHz , 2GB RAM , 256MB graphics card ) to test how well it stacked up against version 9.0 , and also against the latest versions of other popular web browsers .
The benchmark I ran is fairly old , but seemed to produce reliable and repeatable results .
On my system , Opera 9.5 Beta 2 was definitely the new speed champion , finishing the tests in 0.44 seconds .
Opera 9 got a score of 0.86 seconds , with Firefox 2 coming in at 1.3 and the latest Firefox 3 Beta 5 coming in at a respectable 0.82 seconds .
( I tested Safari for Windows , but because Safari reports JavaScript timers in a different way than all other browsers , the results could not be compared ) .
In essence , Firefox 3 has caught up with where Opera 9 was in terms of JavaScript rendering speeds , but Opera 9.5 is , in some cases , up to twice as fast !
New features
User interface enhancements abound in Opera 9.5 .
For starters , there is a toggle on the bottom right of the status bar to show images or view only cached images , which can speed up loading of often - viewed sites in some cases .
There is also a control on the status bar to quickly change the zoom mode , which scales up text and smoothly rescales graphic images remarkably quickly .
The shortcut keys Ctrl + Left and Ctrl + Right can now be used on all platforms to substitute for Back and Forward .
There are some new configurable options , such as the ability to set the behavior when closing a tab to switch to the last active tab , the next tab , or the tab that originally opened the tab being closed .
The Sync feature , which imports bookmarks and Speed Dial between computers and mobile devices , has been improved and now includes " Notes " , a neat feature where users can add personal notes to any text field on a web page .
The often - neglected Mail component of Opera has been significantly upgraded , with multithreaded background searching , automatic saving of message drafts , and improved message filtering .
A future for Opera ?
Opera has always proved the naysayers wrong by surviving even when many pundits did n't give it a chance .
However , the folks at Opera Software ASA have to be wondering just what it will take for their browser to ever exceed the tiny 1 percent market share that it has held steadily for many years .
Much of the company 's efforts in recent years have been aimed at the mobile market , and Opera has found great success on the Nintendo DS and Wii , and on Windows Mobile devices .
One wonders , however , if development of the desktop version has n't suffered in the meantime .
For my part , I have found that Opera suffices for all my browsing needs , although I have found it somewhat worrying that some new " Web 2.0 " sites may wind up not being fully supported on Opera .
While Opera is running neck and neck with its competitors to pass web standards tests such as Acid3 , and any site that works on Firefox tends to work just fine on Opera , the fact is that as web sites get more complicated , there are more opportunities for sites to exhibit weird bugs and behaviors .
Most site authors only test on Firefox and IE , so any issues with Opera are up to Opera to fix .
The other issue that Opera has is that its extensibility is relatively limited compared to Firefox , which has grown a large community of extensions that scratch every conceivable itch .
For example , there is an extension called Showcase Sidebar that will display thumbnails of all open tabs on the left - hand side of the screen , and one called It 's Just Text that adds a formerly Amiga - only feature of letting the user edit form text in any editor or word processor .
Other features that Opera pioneered , like Speed Dial , have been quickly copied by the extension community .
These extensions are hugely useful , and have helped Firefox 's popularity grow .
Opera might want to consider opening up the browser to user - added extensions in the future .
( NaturalNews )
A non-psychoactive chemical that occurs naturally in the marijuana plant may prevent breast cancer from spreading , according to a study published in the journalResearchers found that a chemical called cannabidiol ( CBD ) affects the activity of a gene known as Id - 1 in patients with hormone - independent breast cancer .
In embryos , Id - 1 is responsible for helping cells grow and spread , but is supposed to remain inactive in adults .
In human adults , it is found only in metastatic cancer cells , or cancer cells that are spreading throughout the body .
" When [ the Id - 1 genes ] wake up , they are very bad , " said senior researcher Pierre Yves - Desprez .
" They push the cells to behave like embryonic cells and grow .
They go crazy , they proliferate , they migrate .
" According to Desprez , shutting off the activity of Id - 1 can make cancer far less lethal .
Tumors , Desprez says , can be " removed easily by surgery , " but if the cancer is spreading then the disease becomes much more difficult to contain . "
[ Id - 1 is like ] an [ orchestra ] conductor , " Desprez said .
" If you shoot the violinist , the orchestra just continues to play . "
" In this case , you shoot the conductor , and the whole orchestra is going to stop , " he said .
Because CBD occurs in only very small quantities in the cannabis plant , the researchers do not recommend smoking marijuana as a cancer treatment .
To be effective , CBD will either have to be artificially synthesized or extracted and concentrated .
The chemical 's major advantage , according to the researchers , is its apparent non-toxicity .
" Right now we have a limited range of options in treating aggressive forms of cancer , " co-author Sean D. McAllister said .
" Those treatments , such as chemotherapy , can be effective but they can also be extremely toxic and difficult for patients .
This compound offers the hope of a non -toxic therapy that could achieve the same results without any of the painful side effects .
"
The researchers also expressed hope that CBD will also prove effective against other cancers that rely on Id - 1 , including brain , colon and prostate cancer .
A frightening accident at a popular Baltimore restaurant have been caught on tape .
The crash at Regi's American Bistro in Federal Hill , have some who have seen the footage , questioning the driver 's claims that he was trying to park when he lost control .
The video came from surveillance cameras at a Thai cuising restaurant next door to Regi's .
The pictures showed a car jumping the curb in the 1000 block of Light Street before plunging through tables of the outdoor eating section at Regi's .
Eight patrons suffered minor injuries , but investigators said the result could have been far worse .
" When I saw the video it was absolutely horrific , " said Victor Chungsakoon who works at the Thai restaurant next door .
" I saw the tables flying the people rolling off running for dear life and my heart really goes out to them .
"
The injuries included minor leg injuries , cuts and scrapes .
Alan Morstein , the owner of Regi's American Bistro , said he and his wife were nearly speechless after seeing the images of the chaotic crash into their restuarant .
" I can't believe it , I have goose bumps , " said Morstein .
He added , " I 'm in a state of shock .
I saw the aftermath but I did n't see it occur .
"
In an effort to bring humor to what could have been a tragic situation , Morstein has added a new item to the menu at Regi's .
" It 's my sense of humor , " said Morstein .
" So , on the menu we now feature drive - thru dining .
" Although the driver told police he was trying to park when something went wrong , some patrons are hoping police will be able to use the video tape to determine more .
WASHINGTON  A prominent Illinois Republican Party leader may have tried to use his friendship with the former White House political aide Karl Rove to push for the ouster of the United States attorney in Chicago , a federal prosecutor said in court on Wednesday .
The accusation came in the trial of a Chicago - area political fund - raiser and businessman , Antoin Rezko , who is facing bribery charges as part of a wide - ranging corruption investigation that has been a source of embarrassment to both Democrats and Republicans in Illinois .
Mr. Rezko ’s former business partner is cooperating with the authorities and is expected to testify that Mr. Rezko told him in 2004 that the Illinois Republican Party official was “ working with Mr. Rove to have Mr. Fitzgerald removed so that someone else can come in , ” and perhaps terminate the investigation , an assistant United States attorney , Carrie Hamilton , said in court on Wednesday , referring to Patrick J. Fitzgerald , the United States attorney in Chicago .
The Republican official who is accused of seeking Mr. Fitzgerald ’s ouster , Robert Kjellander , is a longtime friend of Mr. Rove .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - A meandering stream appears to play a powerful role in filtering out pollutants like nitrogen , and understanding this role could help prevent oxygen - depleting blooms of algae that threaten fish and shellfish downstream , researchers said on Wednesday .
A man looks at a stream near an emerald mine in Muzu , northern Colombia , in this photo taken April 10 , 2003 .
A meandering stream appears to play a powerful role in filtering out pollutants like nitrogen , and understanding this role could help prevent oxygen - depleting blooms of algae that threaten fish and shellfish downstream , researchers said on Wednesday .
REUTERS / Eliana Aponte
The research was part of a project to determine whether rivers actively process pollutants and remove them from the ecosystem , or simply act as drain pipes that flush polluted waters into lakes or out to sea .
“ They are most definitely processors , ” said Stephen Hamilton , an aquatic ecologist at Michigan State University in Lansing , who led one of several teams studying the problem .
The study , which appears in the journal Nature , looked at how 72 streams across eight regions in the United States and Puerto Rico neutralize nitrogen .
“ There is a remarkable amount of processing that takes place , ” Hamilton said in a telephone interview .
“ We were able to see how streams vary in that nitrogen processing . ”
If overloaded , however , they found the streams were less efficient at removing the nitrogen that enters the stream through agricultural runoff , acid rain and human waste .
Too much nitrogen in the water can cause excessive growth of algae and aquatic plants in lakes and coastal marine waters , which deplete oxygen stores , killing fish and other marine life .
Such so - called “ dead zones ” already are seen in the Chesapeake Bay , the Gulf of Mexico and the Baltic Sea .
NOT SO LAZY RIVER
To measure this clean - up effort , the researchers added a small amount of a harmless , radioactive isotope of nitrogen into the streams .
This acted as a tracer , allowing the researchers to track its path .
Hamilton ’s team stationed itself in the headwaters of the Kalamazoo River , dribbled the tracer into the water , then field workers took samples as it made its way downstream for a distance of about 3,000 feet .
“ Most of the nitrogen we found in a stream was taken up by the stream organisms in a fairly short distance downstream , ” he said .
The nitrogen was gobbled up by tiny organisms such as algae , fungi and bacteria .
But , a large portion of it was permanently pulled from the streams by a process known as denitrification , which converts nitrate to nitrogen gas that escapes into the atmosphere .
“ We were able to quantify the fate of how much nitrogen goes into each of these potential pathways , ” he said .
“ That allows us to understand how some streams do better than others and that opens up the possibility of understanding how we can manage streams to promote denitrification or importantly , how we are managing them to discourage it , ” he said .
Hamilton said the trick is to allowing lazy , meandering rivers to do their job instead of diverting them into straight drainage ditches that act more like water pipes and less like filters .
“ We ’ve been very industrious and successful in draining vast amounts of wetland .
We ’ve re-engineered our streams to conduct the water and any nutrients in the water out as fast as possible , ” he said .
“ We think it ’s fair to say as a group there are a lot of ways we could do that better . ”
Eurosport has just released its inaugural European Power Ranking and Manchester United are on top .
Intern Milan had led these rankings for much of the season but have dropped to fourth place after their recent stumbles is Serie A .
Europsport uses a mathematical formula based on based on points per game in domestic league and European games .
What I cannot understand is how Arsenal are ranked higher than Chelsea .
Chelsea finished higher than then in the Premiership and went two rounds further in the Champions League .
Somehow the last - minute goal they conceded against Bolton cost them a place .
And I thought the BCS formula was confusing !
European Power Rankings ( previous position in brackets )
1 (1 ) Manchester United – 23.95
2 ( 3 ) Arsenal – 20.92
3 ( 2 ) Chelsea – 20.77
4 ( 4 ) Internazionale – 20.46
5 ( 5 ) Sevilla – 20.24
6 ( 7 ) Liverpool – 20.00
7 ( 5 ) Barcelona – 19.90
8 ( 9 ) Roma – 19.45
9 ( 6 ) Porto – 19.10
10 ( 11 ) Everton – 18.55
11 ( 10 ) Fenerbahce – 18.17
12 ( 12 ) Real Madrid – 17.96
13 ( 13 ) Milan – 16.99
14 ( 17 ) Werder Bremen – 16.84
15 ( 14 ) Olympiacos – 16.83
16 ( 16 ) Bayern Munich – 16.81
17 ( 15 ) Hamburg – 16.15
18 ( 16 ) Lyon – 16.12
19 ( 19 ) Fiorentina – 15.66
20 ( 20 ) Rangers – 15.56
Books are one of our greatest resources , but many times in history books have been written which are misleading or untrue .
In some cases this has lead to widescale death and destruction and evil governmental regimes .
This is a list of ten of the worst books of this type – books that have done more harm than good .
The common thread in all of these books is deception – invariably not intentional , but the consequences are the same regardless .
I have intentionally left off some of the more obvious choices – as they will almost certainly come up in the comments .
This list is in no particular order .
10 Malleus Maleficarum Heinrich Kramer and Jacob Sprenger , 1486
On the list because :
It inflamed witch hunts across Europe
Malleus Maleficarum ( The Hammer of Witchraft ) was a manual for witch hunters and judges to catch witches and stamp them out .
It came out just prior to the protestant reformation and it was one of the most popular books amongst the reformers who were wanting to smash “ evil ” out of their countries .
Between 1487 and 1520 , twenty editions of the Malleus were published , and another sixteen editions were published between 1574 to 1669 .
This book single - handedly launched centuries of witch hunts .
9 Coming of Age in Samoa Margaret Mead , 1928
On the list because : it turned out to be a creation of her own sexual confusions and aspirations
Margaret Mead was an American cultural anthropologist who traveled to Samoa to answer the questions on sexuality posed in America in the 1920s ( particularly with reference to women ) .
Unfortunately for Mead , the youths she interviewed in Samoa told her wild tales of sexual promiscuity and Mead reported it all as fact .
One of the girls later said : “ She must have taken it seriously , but I was only joking .
As you know , Samoan girls are terrific liars when it comes to joking .
But Margaret accepted our trumped up stories as though they were true . ”
If challenged by Mead , the girls would not have hesitated to tell the truth , but Mead never questioned their stories .
According to Wikipedia : “ The use of cross-cultural comparison to highlight issues within Western society was highly influential , and contributed greatly to the heightened awareness of Anthropology and Ethnographic study in the USA . ”
Interestingly , Mead was a highly regarded academic and had a large part in the formulation of the 1979 American Book of Common Prayer ( Church of England ) .
8 The Prince Niccolò Machiavelli , 1532
On the list because : it was the inspiration for a long list of tyrannies ( Stalin had it on his nightstand )
The Prince is a treatise meant for rulers who had shed all scruples – to a point that they might see evil as potentially more beneficial to society than good .
Machiavelli hoped to start a revolution in the hearts of his readers , and he certainly achieved that .
He proudly stated things that others before him had only dared to whisper , and he whispered things that had not even been considered .
According to Machiavelli “ it is not necessary for a prince to have all the above - mentioned qualities [ merciful , faithful , humane , honest , and religious ] , but it is indeed necessary to appear to have them .
Nay , I dare say this , that by having them and always observing them , they are harmful ; and by appearing to have them they are useful . ”
Some of the people inspired by this book are Stalin , Hitler , Mussolini , and Napoleon I of France .
7 Mein Kampf Adolf Hitler , 1925
On the list because : it helped spread Hitler ’s genocidal anti-Semitism
In Mein Kampf , Hitler outlined his racist plan for a new Germany which included mass murder of Jews , and a war against France and Russia to make living space for Germans .
At the time of publication the book was largely ignored , but once Hitler rose to power that changed .
It is believed that over 10 million copies were in circulation in 1945 .
The book is largely influenced by The Crowd : A Study of the Popular Mind by Gustave Le Bon ( 1895 ) which suggested propaganda as a means to controlling the irrational behavior of crowds .
In addition , Hitler drew on the fabricated Protocols of the Elders of Zion to give support for the need for his anti-semitic plans .
Hitler speaks of “ The Jewish Peril ” which he believed was a conspiracy by Jews to take over the world .
The book outlines the racial worldview in which people are classified by race as superior or inferior .
In 2003 the sequel to Mein Kampf , Zweites Buch , was published in English for the first time .
Zweites Buch ( Second Book ) expands on the original ideas of Mein Kampf and outlines further plans for a war with the United States and the British Empire for entire world domination by Germany .
6 The Pivot of Civilization Margaret Sanger , 1922
On the list because : it preaches eugenics
Margaret Sanger is the mother of modern contraception and the founder of Planned Parenthood .
In her 1922 book , The Pivot of Civilization , she outlined her theories of eugenics ( control of the human race by selective breeding ) and racial purity ( 3 years before Hitler did the same in Mein Kampf ) .
The basis of her support of contraception was entirely due to her belief that inferior humans should be killed to enable a superior race to appear over time .
Sanger did not just entertain popular ideas of her time – she was the champion of the cause .
In her book she says : “ the most urgent problem of to - day is how to limit and discourage the over - fertility of the mentally and physically defective . ”
She goes on to say : “ possibly drastic and Spartan methods may be forced upon American society if it continues complacently to encourage the chance and chaotic breeding that has resulted from our stupid , cruel sentimentalism . ”
Birth control was , in her mind , “ the greatest and most truly eugenic method . ”
Needless to say , Planned Parenthood today have tried very hard to distance themselves from their founder .
5 Democracy and Education John Dewey , 1916
On the list because : it convinced the world that education is not about facts
In Democracy and Education , Dewey disparages schooling that focuses on traditional character development and endowing children with hard knowledge , and encourages the teaching of thinking “ skills ” instead .
His views have had great influence on the direction of American education –particularly in public schools .
This book could be considered to be the anti-classical education manifesto .
And the consequence ?
A generation of youths with an inferior education which lacks a founding in solid facts and knowledge .
Dewey was one of the three founders of the philosophical school of Pragmatism – a school of thought which proposes that “ truth ” is made and can change .
The current curriculum in New Zealand is one which would please Dewey immensely as it is largely founded on his principles .
4 Baby and Childcare Benjamin Spock , 1946
On the list because : it caused deaths through bad advice
Regardless of whether you agree with the methodology of Spock , no one can deny that many children probably died of cot death as a result of his advice to put babies to sleep on their stomachs .
This advice was extremely influential on health - care providers , with nearly unanimous support through to the 1990s .
Spock believed that babies on their back can choke on their own vomit – leading to death .
Scientists eventually found that Spock ’s advice actually lead to more deaths by suffocation .
Estimates of the number of deaths caused by this bad advice are as many as 50,000 .
Spock also advocated a method of child raring that moved away from discipline based methods .
Previously , experts had told parents that babies needed to learn to sleep on a regular schedule , and that picking them up and holding them whenever they cried would only teach them to cry more and not to sleep through the night .
Spock taught the exact opposite .
3 The Protocols of the Elders of Zion Unknown
On the list because : it was a propaganda book designed to incite racial hatred
The Protocols of the Elders of Zion is a booklet that purports to describe a plot by world Jewry and Masonry to take over the world .
Despite the fact that the booklet is a hoax , it was spread wide and far and believed by most Europeans to be true .
Many people today still consider it be factual .
It was instrumental to Hitler ’s anti-Jewish efforts in Germany and it was used after the Russian Revolution to perpetrate hatred and violence against Jews .
The booklet continues to be published and disseminated in many Middle Eastern states which are political enemies of Israel .
2 The Manifesto of the Communist Party Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels , 1848
On the list because : it could win the award for the most malicious book ever written
This book has inspired some of the most brutal regimes in man ’s history .
Regardless of whether there has been a state which is a true Marxist state , this book has inspired so many evil actions that it can not be left off a list of this nature .
Some of the principles found in the manifesto are the abolition of private ownership of land , confiscation of property of emigrants , heavy taxes , and the abolition of inheritance .
1 Darwin’s Black Box Michael Behe , 1996
On the list because :
It fuels fundamentalist attacks on Science
By arguing against aspects of Darwin ’s theories , this book has given fuel to the fundamentalists who argue that a literal interpretation of the Book of Genesis is the only possible manner in which the earth was created .
Despite much refutation from the Scientific community , many fundamentalists still use this as a “ source ” for proof that evolution is not true .
The book itself was not peer reviewed as Behe claimed under oath , and the Science community has overwhelming rejected it .
It should be noted that Behe himself is not a fundamentalist and does not believe in a literal interpretation of the Bible .
MIAMI 
The federal government is showering households with tax rebates to spur spending and invigorate a troubled economy .
But many Americans are so consumed with debt and the soaring price of gasoline that they are opting to save the money or use it to pay bills , according to surveys , sales data and interviews with people from Florida to California .
Between late April and the end of last week , the Treasury handed out more than $ 50 billion of the $ 100 billion in tax rebates it plans to distribute to 132 million households .
But only once in the last six weeks have chain stores registered an increase in sales , according to the International Council of Shopping Centers , whose weekly sales survey is a widely watched barometer .
“ The initial sense is that people are not running out to the malls to spend their checks , ” said Stuart G. Hoffman , chief economist at the PNC Financial Services Group in Pittsburgh .
“ It ’s not quite proving to be a hot potato that ’s burning a hole in people ’s pockets . ”
Here in Miami , where the economy remains stuck in the orbit of plummeting real estate prices , Guillermo Gonzalez is one of those using their tax rebates to dig out of debt .
HEMORRHOIDS TREATMENT GUIDE
Hemorrhoids can be defined as a common condition when blood veins around the anus , rectal tunnel , or lower rectum gets swollen and inflamed .
Sometimes , known as piles the disease is associated with pain , itching and bleeding .
Seen broadly there are two types of hemroids and those are external and internal hemroids .
As their names suggest internal hemroids attacks the inner lining of the anus whereas external hemorrhoid can be seen on the surface near the anus .
Causes of Hemorrhoid
Knowing the causes of hemroids is very vital as it can help in preventing and treatment of hemroids .
Generally it is caused by excessive strain on the veins of the anorectal area .
There are few cases when people suffer from this disease as they are born with a genetic predisposition to weak vein and valve walls .
In addition , there are various other factors and theories that cause this disease like mental stress , abdominal disorders , tobacco - chewing , inadequate intake of fiber , sleeplessness , lack of physical exercise , obesity , constant sitting , pregnancy and many more .
Hemorrhoids Symptoms
Usually hemroids are not hazardous or life threatening .
Many people do have this disease , but not all experience its symptoms .
However , rectal pain or bleeding during bowel movement is common symptoms of hemorrhoids .
Though in case of internal and external hemorrhoids the symptoms also get differ .
The most common symptom of internal hemorrhoid is rectal bleeding .
You may see red streaks of blood on the toilet paper or in the toilet bowl after having a normal bowel movement .
Other symptoms of internal hemroid may include skin irritation , itching or pain that generally arises when hemorrhoids get swell or squeezed by the muscles that control the anus .
Apart from this , the symptoms of external hemorrhoids include painful swelling or a hard lump around the anus that happens when a blood clot forms .
This condition is known as a thrombosed or clotted external hemorrhoid .
Moreover , you may also see stripes of blood on the toilet paper after straining to pass a stool .
Hemorrhoids Treatment
It is important to understand that though most hemorrhoids can be easily treated by implementing simple changes to daily diet but most do not require surgery or other treatment process .
So it is always sensible to follow the appropriate treatment procedure depending upon the type and stage of development of hemorrhoids .
Proper prescribed drugs like VENAPRO , ZENMED Ziro Cream and AVATROL can help in curing this disease very soon .
With its capacity to treat both internal and external hemorrhoids , these drugs are readily available off the shelf and also online .
Emphasizing upon the key advantages of these drugs are they have no side effects and their healing effect is long - lasting and effective .
Apart from this , some of the major types of hemorrhoids treatment include : Coagulation therapy
Injection therapy
Rubber Band Ligation
Hemroidectomy
Make sure to spot hemorrhoids symptoms in early stage so that suitable treatment procedure can be administered immediately .
can be defined as a common condition when blood veins around the anus , rectal tunnel , or lower rectum gets swollen and inflamed .
Sometimes , known as piles the disease is associated with pain , itching and bleeding .
Seen broadly there are two types of hemroids and those are external and internal hemroids .
As their names suggest internal hemroids attacks the inner lining of the anus whereas external hemorrhoid can be seen on the surface near the anus .
Knowing the causes of hemroids is very vital as it can help in preventing and treatment of hemroids .
Generally it is caused by excessive strain on the veins of the anorectal area .
There are few cases when people suffer from this disease as they are born with a genetic predisposition to weak vein and valve walls .
In addition , there are various other factors and theories that cause this disease like mental stress , abdominal disorders , tobacco - chewing , inadequate intake of fiber , sleeplessness , lack of physical exercise , obesity , constant sitting , pregnancy and many more .
Usually hemroids are not hazardous or life threatening .
Many people do have this disease , but not all experience its symptoms .
However , rectal pain or bleeding during bowel movement is common symptoms of hemorrhoids .
Though in case of internal and external hemorrhoids the symptoms also get differ .
The most common symptom of internal hemorrhoid is rectal bleeding .
You may see red streaks of blood on the toilet paper or in the toilet bowl after having a normal bowel movement .
Other symptoms of internal hemroid may include skin irritation , itching or pain that generally arises when hemorrhoids get swell or squeezed by the muscles that control the anus .
Apart from this , the symptoms of external hemorrhoids include painful swelling or a hard lump around the anus that happens when a blood clot forms .
This condition is known as a thrombosed or clotted external hemorrhoid .
Moreover , you may also see stripes of blood on the toilet paper after straining to pass a stool .
It is important to understand that though most hemorrhoids can be easily treated by implementing simple changes to daily diet but most do not require surgery or other treatment process .
So it is always sensible to follow the appropriate treatment procedure depending upon the type and stage of development of hemorrhoids .
Proper prescribed drugs like VENAPRO , ZENMED Ziro Cream and AVATROL can help in curing this disease very soon .
With its capacity to treat both internal and external hemorrhoids , these drugs are readily available off the shelf and also online .
Emphasizing upon the key advantages of these drugs are they have no side effects and their healing effect is long - lasting and effective .
Apart from this , some of the major types of hemorrhoids treatment include :
Make sure to spot hemorrhoids symptoms in early stage so that suitable treatment procedure can be administered immediately .
" Unto you Shall Return " Wooden Icon £ 24.99 Sold Out
By Matt McGrath
BBC science correspondent
The cave is beneath the ancient church of St Georgeous Archaeologists in Rihab , Jordan , say they have discovered a cave that could be the world 's oldest Christian church .
Dating to the period AD33 - 70 , the underground chapel would have served as both a place of worship and a home .
It is claimed that it was originally used by a group of 70 persecuted Christians who fled from Jerusalem .
These early Christians lived and practised their faith in secrecy until the Romans embraced Christianity several hundred years later .
' Beautiful things ' Rihab is in Northern Jordan .
The cave is beneath the ancient church of St Georgeous , itself one of the oldest known places of worship in the world .
According to Dr Abdul Qader Al - Hassan , the director of the Rihab Centre for Archaeological studies , the cave site shows clear evidence of early Christian rituals that predate the church .
Dr Al - Hassan says that steps lead down into the chapel which is approximately 12 m long and seven metres wide .
There is a circular area of worship with stone seats separated from living quarters .
This circular element , called an apse , is important says Dr Al - Hassan because there is only one other example of a cave with a similar feature , which was also used for Christian worship .
Dr Al - Hassan said : " We found beautiful things .
I found the cemetery of this church ; we found pottery shards and lamps with the inscription ' Georgeous ' " .
In the cave there is also a tunnel that leads to a cistern which supplied water to the dwellers .
An inscription in the floor of the church above refers to the " 70 beloved by God and the divine " whom the archaeologist believes were refugees from religious persecution in Jerusalem .
Dr Al - Hassan says that excavation of the tunnel and the cistern may yield yet more evidence about the lives of these early Christians .
" From the tunnel to the cistern is very important .
We want to clean it and make an excavation inside it .
We found a very old inscription beside it and coins also , and crosses made from iron . "
Other experts say they are cautious about the claim .
They want to examine the artefacts and see clear dating evidence .
The earliest confirmed examples of churches date from the third century , they say .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Senate Hits Bush , Cheney on Iraq Intel President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney knowingly lied to Congress and the public about the threat that Iraq posed to the United States in the months leading up to the March 2003 invasion , according to a long - awaited report from the Senate Intelligence Committee .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly Separately , a second report said former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld set up an intelligence office within the Defense Department known as the Office of Special Plans " without the knowledge of the Intelligence Community or the State Department " to promote alleged links between Iraq and al - Qaeda and cooked intelligence about Iraq 's weapons cache .
The Office of Special Plans was headed by Douglas Feith , former Undersecretary of Defense for Policy and a chief architect of the Iraq War .
“ Before taking the country to war , this administration owed it to the American people to give them a 100 percent accurate picture of the threat we faced .
Unfortunately , our Committee has concluded that the administration made significant claims that were not supported by the intelligence , ” said committee chairman , Sen. John D. Rockefeller IV , D - West Virginia .
The Senate report is the first document to state that Bush and Cheney knowingly made false allegations about the threat posed by Saddam Hussein , the Iraqi dictator who was overthrown in April 2003 and executed in December 2006 .
“ There is no question we all relied on flawed intelligence .
But there is a fundamental difference between relying on incorrect intelligence and deliberately painting a picture to the American people that you know is not fully accurate , " Rockefeller said in a statement .
The Senate report confirms British intelligence assertions that surfaced in a document widely known as the Downing Street Memo that the facts against the threat posed by Iraq were being “ fixed ” around the Bush administration 's desire to invade Iraq .
The Senate report singled out erroneous statements that Cheney made during the run-up to war that the Vice President knew was not supported by the available intelligence , such as allegations that Mohammed Atta , the lead 9/11 hijacker met an Iraqi intelligence officer in Prague in 2001 .
John Dean , former counsel to President Richard Nixon , made a case for impeaching Bush if he intentionally misled Congress and the public into going to war with Iraq , which is what the Senate Intelligence Committee report suggests happened .
" To put it bluntly , if Bush has taken Congress and the nation into war based on bogus information , he is cooked , " Dean wrote in a June 6 , 2003 column for findlaw.com .
" Manipulation or deliberate misuse of national security intelligence data , if proven , could be ‘ a high crime ’ under the Constitution 's impeachment clause .
It would also be a violation of federal criminal law , including the broad federal anti-conspiracy statute , which renders it a felony ‘ to defraud the United States , or any agency thereof in any manner or for any purpose . ’ ”
However , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - California , announced before the congressional elections in 2006 that " impeachment is off the table . "
Jason Leopold has launched a new Web site , The Public Record , at www.pubrecord.org
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
OWEN SOUND -
When she took part in a local fundraiser for cancer research , all Stacey Fearnall thought she had to lose was a full head of hair .
Instead , the 36 - year - old waitress at Nathaniels restaurant in Owen Sound , who raised more than $ 2,700 for the charity Cops for Cancer in exchange for her locks , was laid off when she showed up for work earlier this week with a shorn head .
“ She had been a little nervous all day long , but I think she was still hoping in her heart that she ’d walk in there and they ’d be like , ’ Oh , wow — you look great , ” ’ Fearnall ’s husband John said in an interview today .
“ But that ’s not the reaction she got . ”
The mother of two , who was told by her boss to go home after she refused to wear a wig , was in tears when she returned home Tuesday just a half hour into her shift .
“ When she went in she felt like there was something wrong with her , ” her husband said .
“ Nobody would really look at her , make eye contact .
They did n’t really say anything and it made her feel kind of less than human . ”
It was a slow night so she came home early , but when she called to say she ’d be in the next day , she was told not to bother , he added .
Nathaniels owner and chef Dan Hilliard defended his decision , saying the restaurant has certain standards .
He prohibits male staff from wearing earrings and requires employees keep their hair at a reasonable length .
Fearnall is still on the payroll and she can return to work once she grows her hair back , he said , adding she was offered the summer off to spend time with her kids .
Fearnall , who also works in a plant nursery and as a caterer , told The Owen Sound Sun Times she was shocked by what happened .
“ I honestly ca n’t believe this is happening , ” she said .
“ It ’s ridiculous that I would be punished for doing a good thing . ”
The restaurant owners said they told Fearnall well in advance they would n’t be pleased if she participated in the fundraiser and suggested she could have found other ways to support the cause .
But Fearnall said she never got a clear answer when she asked if she ’d still have a job if she went through with her plan .
Fearnall decided to take part in the popular fundraiser because cancer has struck close to home in recent years .
Her father died of the disease five years ago and a cousin and close friend are currently battling the disease .
John Fearnall said it would be nice if his wife got an apology and noted she ’s not likely to return to the job , even when her hair grows back .
“ She was surprised by the treatment .
( The owners are ) nice people .
They ’re good people .
It ’s just surprising the way that they treated her and I think that was what hurt her so much . ”
He said he called the Ontario Labour Relations Board and was told the family has little recourse but to consider filing a human rights complaint .
“ I think the court of public opinion is going to be enough , perhaps at this point , ” he said .
Hilliard admitted the story is n’t great PR for the restaurant , but as far as he ’s concerned , it ’s an internal staff problem .
Besides , he said he ’s already heard from some customers who agree with him and say they would have been “ appalled ” to have been served at Fearnall ’s table .
Still , not everybody agrees .
The incident has left some fellow restaurateurs shaking their heads .
“ I ’m totally shocked .
I ’m actually totally shocked as well as all of my customers , ” said Wanda Doubt , who owns the nearby restaurant Wanda ’s and Mike’s .
“ That ’s absolutely ridiculous .
Cops for Cancer , there could n’t be a better charity . ”
Jen Wright of the Bluewater Cancer Society said she ’s never heard of anything like this .
“ It apparently has not happened anywhere across Canada , according to the Canadian Cancer Society , ” she said .
“ We support her and thank her and all the participants for all the money that they have raised over the years . ”
Drought with Chinese Characteristics , 2005 Droughts will also become more common in some areas , like the one that gripped Guangdong Province in China in 2005 and dried up wells and ponds that had served for centuries .
© 2007 by Gary Braasch
On this day in 1882 , the US adopted a law including these provisions :
Whereas , in the opinion of the Government of the United States the coming of Chinese laborers to this country endangers the good order of certain localities within the territory thereof [ we ’re looking at you , California ] :
Therefore … until the expiration of ten years next after the passage of this act , the coming of Chinese laborers to the United States be , and the same is hereby , suspended … .
That hereafter no State court or court of the United States shall admit Chinese to citizenship [ . ]
Actually , it ’s much longer , going on for almost three pages in the Statutes at Large , beginning at 22 Stat. 58 , including all kinds of provisions for controlling immigration .
It was America ’s first legal definition of an entire nationality as unassimilable .
There are several ways to think about this law .
One is , it was part of a global movement among white settler colonies to exclude Chinese : what did Canada , Australia , and the US have in common ?
Aside from British - inflected culture and government .
No , aside from frontiers .
No , aside from gold strikes and boom - and - bust frontiers .
No , aside from frontier war against the aboriginal inhabitants .
No , aside from relying on immigrant labor .
YES , bigotry against immigrant laborers !
If you want to find your trans - oceanic community of policy - making , look at the immigrant - haters .
Victoria , in Australia , had a Chinese exclusion law in 1855 ; other Australian governments followed suit , so that by 1887 there were such laws all over Oz .
The US passed its law in 1882 ; the Canadians did not outright exclude Chinese until 1923 but in the meantime had a variety of measures , including a head tax and a highly discretionary system of immigrant admission , that kept down Chinese immigration .
The pattern of Japanese immigration restriction is similar ; Queensland made a “ gentleman ’s agreement ” with Japan to keep down immigration in 1897 , while the US did its deal with Japan in 1907 and Canada did its in 1908 .
( Why were the Chinese excluded by law while the Japanese were excluded by bilateral negotiation ?
The Chinese were quasi-colonized , while the Japanese had a navy modeled on Britain’s . )
Another way of looking at the law is to see it functioning within the history of American immigration restriction .
Chinese exclusion invented something like the concept and business of modern illegal immigration .
As a journalist wrote in 1891 ,
There is no part [ of the Canadian border ] over which a Chinaman may not pass into our country without fear of hinderance ; there are scarcely any parts of it where he may not boldly walk across it at high noon .
The law and its successor of 1892 also made necessary for the first time the modern machinery of immigration and residency control and documentation .
And what was made for the Chinese eventually extended to other immigrants as well — not just the Japanese , but eventually all “ Asiatics , ” excluded by the 1917 law .
And also Europeans : in the decades around 1900 , Americans found lots of ways to define various nationalities of immigrants as undesirable owing to “ health ” problems .
Somehow , the taxonomy of health problems mapped onto certain ethnicities and national origins , as Howard Markel and Alexandra Minna Stern find ; Jews were “ neurasthenic , ” Italians “ criminally minded . ” 2 Medical opinion underwrote racism , allowing the redefinition of people previously considered “ white ” and thus A - OK , as excludable along with the “ Asiatics . ”
What starts as the “ Yellow Peril ” can become the merely sallow peril .
Say , you ’re looking a little peaky there , yourself … .
1 Cited in Erika Lee , “ Enforcing the Borders : Chinese Exclusion along the U.S. Borders with Canada and Mexico , 1882 - 1924 , ” Journal of American History 89 , no. 1 ( June 2002 ) : 54 - 86 .
The discussion here also relies on Mae Ngai , “ The Architecture of Race in American Immigration Law : A Reexamination of the Immigration Act of 1924 , ” Journal of American History 86 , no. 1 ( June 1999 ) : 67 - 92 , and the various works of Roger Daniels , including his good survey of immigration law , Guarding the Golden Door .
2 Howard Markel and Alexandra Minna Stern , “ Which Face ?
Whose Nation ?
The Construction of Disease at America ’s Ports and Borders , 1891 - 1928 , ” American Behavioral Scientist 42 , no.
9 ( June / July 1999 ) : 1314-1331 .
An ancient Japanese Buddhist temple which cancelled its role in the Olympic torch relay has been vandalised .
The Zenkoji Buddhist Temple in the city of Nagano was to have been the starting point for the Olympic torch relay in Japan next Saturday .
But last week monks withdrew permission for the staging of the relay at the heritage listed site in support of Tibetan Buddhists and because of security concerns .
Overnight the temple has been struck by vandals who used white spray paint to mark patterns on doors and pillars at the 1,400 - year - old temple .
Police say they are investigating whether the vandalism is related to the torch relay decision .
Security has been stepped up for Saturday 's event with up to 3,000 police mobilised , many of them riot squad officers .
" Art teaches nothing except the significance of life . " ( Henry Miller )
" Life is full of obstacle illusions . " ( Grant Frazier )
" Life 's a game , all you have to do , is know how to play it . "
" The time to relax is when you do n't have time for it . " ( Sydney J. Harris )
" One should eat to live , not live to eat . " ( Moliere )
" People who never make mistakes must get tired of doing nothing . "
" Those who desire to give up freedom in order to gain security will not have , nor do they deserve , either one . "
( Benjamin Franklin )
" Stolen kisses are always sweetest . " ( Leigh Hunt )
" It is the nature of the ego to take , and the nature of the spirit to share . " ( Proverb )
" There are always flowers for those who want to see them . "
( Henri Matisse )
" You cannot litigate personal choices and lifestyles . " ( Mike Rogers )
" There is no shame in not knowing ; the shame lies in not finding out . " ( Russian Proverb )
" A little help is worth a great deal of pity . " ( Proverb )
" We find comfort among those who agree with us - growth among those who do n't . "
( Frank A. Clark )
" Celebrate the happiness that friends are always giving , make every day a holiday and celebrate just living ! " ( Amanda Bradley )
" The real friend is he or she who can share all our sorrows and double our joys . "
( Barry C. Forbes )
" I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies ; for the hardest victory is over self . "
( Aristotle )
" A baby is an angel whose wings decrease as his legs increase . "
" God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers . " ( Proverb )
" When children are doing nothing , they are doing mischief . " ( Henry Fielding )
Depicting the events after the Gamma Bomb .
' The Incredible Hulk ' tells the story of Dr Bruce Banner , who seeks a cure to his unique condition , which causes him to turn into a giant green monster under emotional stress .
Whilst on the run from military which seeks his capture , Banner comes close to a cure .
But all is lost when a new creature emerges : The Abomination .
Written by Graham Kroon
Friday , 06 Jun , 2008 Offbeat
New York City is planning to create an ambulance that will rapidly arrive to newly deceased to preserve their bodies for further organ transplant .
Though this initiative can raise a number of ethical issues and can be considered hideous , medical officials are convinced that this can considerably increase the number of donors .
Usually , only people who die at hospitals were allowed to become organ donors , because doctors have the necessary equipment to remove the organs before they become unsuitable for transplant .
It can take just a few hours or less for a doctor to remove the vital organ such as liver , or kidneys to save someone 's life .
The " organ removal " ambulance is the first of its kind plan in the US , while in several areas of Europe this system proved to be quite successful .
The ambulance will arrive at place after several minutes of the individual 's death .
The doctors will immediately take efforts to preserve the body for further organs removal .
Preservation will not require the approval of the family members or the previous wishes of the deceased regarding organ donation .
In spite of the fact , that organs will be taken for transplant only with the approval of the relatives in the hospital , some problems with the procedure are still likely to occur .
Maxwell Mehlman , director of the Law - Medicine Center at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland explained that many family members could be scared by the fact that the ambulance takes such rapid measures and question whether paramedics made enough efforts to save the patient before death .
Religious disapproval by the families of the deceased is also likely to occur .
Medical and other officials , working on the initiative , say that they will take some precautions when introducing the program .
Paramedics involved in lifesaving efforts and transplant ambulance will not connect with each other and a separate supervisor will call the ambulance for organ recovery .
The ambulance team will include a counselor , who will try to persuade the family members of the deceased to agree with the organ recovery .
Researchers said that no steps would be taken if the New Yorkers , including religious groups and members of the Manhattan disagree with the program .
Dr. Richard O'Brien , an emergency physician at Moses Taylor Hospital in Scranton said that a great number of people die every month because they have no organ donors to save their lives and the new plan can make a difference in this situation .
Powered by www.infoniac.com
by
The other morning on my way to work , I was flipping through some radio stations when I heard one morning DJ talking about how low gas prices were before President Bush took office in 2001 and how high they had become since .
Because I have a natural distrust for most morning radio personalities ( I think they ’re sensationalists and just try to gain listeners by being outrageous and over the top ) , I decided to look into these claims and see what I could come up with .
Obviously , there are plenty of conspiracy theories out there regarding President Bush and how his administration has helped to manipulate gas prices to help out his Big Oil buddies .
Personally , I do n’t believe that this is the case ( just so you know my bias ) , however , I think that he has tried to help out his buddies with a very relaxed tax code .
Regardless , we can save this conversation for another time .
In the meantime , let ’s get back to actual data regarding gas prices .
When President Bush took office on January 20 , 2001 , the national average gas price was $ 1.46 per gallon .
Six and a half years later , on August 27 , 2007 , the national average gas price had jumped to $ 2.76 , roughly 89 % higher .
Compounded annually , this represents about a 10 % jump each year Bush has been in office .
Now , let ’s compare the numbers over the same time period for President Clinton .
When Clinton took office on January 20 , 1993 , the national average gas price was $ 1.06 per gallon .
six and a half years later , the national average gas price had jumped to $ 1.22 , roughly 15 % higher .
Compounded annually , this represents about a 2 % jump each year .
Even when you compare all of Clinton ’s term ( 38 % jump overall ) against the first six and a half years of Bush ’s term , the overall jump in gas prices between the two presidents is n’t even close .
In order to meet Clinton ’s “ numbers ” gas prices would have to fall to $ 2.02 per gallon – or roughly 36 % .
While these numbers are pretty staggering , I ’m of the belief that you ’d have to be pretty nuts to think 1 ) Bush would have the ability to do this and 2 ) the President of the United States would want to harm the country like this .
No matter what you think of Bush ’s policy , when you look at it through a clear lens , I ’m sure you ’d come to the same conclusion .
To me , it seems pretty safe to argue that the main reason behind the oil and gasoline price jumps has far less to do with the Bush administration and more to do with a much higher worldwide demand for oil / gas than what was seen during the Clinton administration .
With China and India needing more and more oil to keep their economies growing – not to mention the fact that U.S. demand has only recently dropped – prices were bound to go up at some point .
It just so happens that it occurred during Bush ’s time in office .
I ’m sure there are plenty of you out there who disagree with me .
However , all I ask is you remove any political bias you may have ( either for or against the current administration ) , look ALL of the facts , and then make your own decision .
“ These are tough times .
The economy shed more than 80,000 jobs in two months .
Prices are up at the gas pump and in the supermarket .
Housing values are down .
Hard - working Americans are concerned . ”
It might not seem obvious , but these words from George W. Bush in a recent speech at the Economic Club of New York were meant to reassure the public and investors that the U.S. economy was fundamentally sound and would continue to grow .
But as Bush pointed out , consumer confidence is rapidly tanking .
For working families , a skyrocketing grocery bill is one of the most ever - present of reminders that they have been making do with less .
Each week , it seems , the price of staple food –everything from eggs to milk to cereal–edges up higher .
“ I ’ve spent $ 300 in a matter of two weeks , ” one shopper , Roseann Fede , told the New York Times as she left a Bloomfield , N.J. , supermarket .
“ It used to be like $ 150 .
Milk , eggs , nonperishable things –everything has gone up in price . ”
According to U.S. government figures released earlier in March , grocery costs increased 5.1 percent over the past 12 months .
The U.S. is undergoing the worst grocery inflation in close to 20 years , and the U.S. Department of Agriculture predicts prices will climb another 3 to 4 percent this year .
The problem is especially obvious when you look at the cost of individual goods .
According to the Labor Department , milk prices are up 17 percent .
Prices for dried beans , peas and lentils are up the same amount .
Cheese is up 15 percent , rice and pasta 13 percent , and bread 12 percent .
And the price of eggs has risen 25 percent since February 2007 – and 62 percent in the last two years .
In all likelihood , food inflation will continue , driven by a number of factors , including the rising price of oil–hitting as high as $ 112 a barrel recently –which has raised the cost to deliver food and run farm and factory equipment ; increases in the cost of farm commodities like milk , corn and wheat ; and the declining value of the dollar , which is encouraging exports of U.S. crops and food products .
Increased government mandates for ethanol production are not only driving up the price of corn used for making it , but are pushing up prices for other staple foods–since , for example , land is being diverted from staples like wheat and soybeans to produce corn .
By the end of the 2006 - 07 crop year , 19 percent of harvested corn was made into ethanol–a 30 percent increase in just one year .
Increased demand for ethanol helped boost the price of a bushel of corn from $ 2 in 2005 to $ 3.40 in 2007 .
The grim result of the increase in food prices is a record number of requests for help at food pantries around the country .
Eileen O’Shea , director of member services for the Greater Boston Food Bank , told the Boston Herald that more and more working - and middle - class families are showing up at food pantries and soup kitchens .
When O’Shea recently visited the St. Francis House homeless shelter in Boston , she noticed people in suits and business attire entering the soup kitchen to eat lunch .
In January 2006 , for example , the Sacred Heart Parish Outreach Food Pantry in Middleboro served 39 families a month .
This past January , reported the Herald , it served 203 families .
“ It ’s working - class people who no longer have a job , ” pantry President Bill Pye said .
“ Builders are n’t building , so they do n’t need plumbers , they do n’t need electricians , they do n’t need painters , they do n’t need carpenters .
And when their unemployment runs out , what do they do ?
They come to the food pantry –reluctantly , most of them . ”
According to the New York Times , for two weeks last November , the New Hampshire Food Bank was forced to distribute supplies usually reserved for emergency relief .
Demand was up 40 percent from 2006 , and supply was down 30 percent–an especially striking fact considering that New Hampshire is the state with the lowest reliance on food banks in the U.S .
While things may be bad for many working and poor families in the U.S. , in many parts of the world , it is even darker .
According to the UN ’s World Food Program ( WFP ) , global food reserves are “ at their lowest for 30 years and commodity markets extremely volatile , subject to sudden spikes and speculation .
The situation has been exacerbated by the falling value of the dollar , which is the currency in which all major commodities are traded . ”
Globally , wheat prices have surged 83 percent in the past year .
Earlier in March , in Asia , rice prices were at a 20 - year high .
“ When you see those kinds of increases , [ people ] are simply priced out of the food markets , ” WFP Executive Director Josette Sheeran recently told BBC News .
The WFP reports that a staggering 854 million people in the world are food “ insecure , ” and 170 million children are undernourished .
But UN officials say they may have to begin rationing international food aid because of spiking costs .
In West Africa , alone , the WFP ’s food and operations costs are now 30 percent higher than at the same time last year because of price increases for basic food commodities .
Sheeran says that the hardest hit so far are people in developing countries who live on less than $ 1 a day .
Some 80 to 90 percent of their paltry incomes was already being spent on food .
In Haiti–where a recent Associated Press report described “ containers full of food … stacking up in the nation ’s ports because of government red tape , leaving tons of beans , rice and other staples to rot under a sweltering sun or be devoured by vermin ” –food prices have increased so much that some of the country ’s poor have begun eating cookies made of dirt as a regular source of food .
“ When my mother does not cook anything , I have to eat them three times a day , ” Charlene , a 16 - year - old woman with an infant , said of the cookies that are made of salt , vegetable shortening and a form of edible clay that is sold by the bag .
According to the Associated Press , two cups of rice now sell for 60 cents , up 50 percent from a year ago .
Beans , condensed milk , and fruit have gone up by a similar amount–and even the price of the edible clay has risen over the past year by almost $ 1.50 .
Even middle - class people and those living in traditionally stable urban areas in countries like Indonesia , Yemen and Mexico are increasingly being priced out of the food market–or forced to sacrifice education and health care in order to feed their families .
Some governments have begun food rationing .
The Indian government is having difficulty maintaining a food price subsidy system , and both the Chinese and Russian governments have moved to impose price controls in the wake of rampant inflation .
Shortages and price increases have sparked demonstrations in Burkina Faso , Mexico , Italy and elsewhere–and food riots in Namibia , Zimbabwe , Cameroon , Morocco , Yemen , Senegal , Uzebekistan and other countries .
“ The risks of food riots and malnutrition will surge in the next two years as the global supply of grain comes under more pressure than at any time in 50 years , according to one of the world ’s leading agricultural researchers , ” the British Guardian reported .
“ Recent pasta protests in Italy , tortilla rallies in Mexico and onion demonstrations in India are just the start of the social instability to come unless there is a fundamental shift to boost production of staple foods , warned Joachim von Braun , the head of the International Food Policy Research Institute . ”
As Von Braun told the Guardian , “ The first sign was the tortilla riot in Mexico City , where 70,000 took to the streets .
I think that was only the beginning –there will be more .
For a year or two , countries can stabilize with stocks .
But the risk comes in the next 12 to 24 months .
The countries that cannot afford to buy will be the losers , while those with huge foreign exchange reserves will bid up the world market . ”
WASHINGTON — Democratic
Party officials met privately for five and a half hours late Friday night to discuss the Michigan and Florida delegations to the party ’s convention but did not resolve their differences .
The officials , who are members of the party ’s rules committee , are to begin an all - day public session Saturday to try to settle one of the most contentious issues that has developed during the presidential primaries between Senators Barack Obama and Hillary Rodham Clinton — whether to seat the delegations from Michigan and Florida and if so , in what proportion .
During the private meeting , Harold Ickes , who is Mrs. Clinton ’s chief delegate counter , repeatedly pressed the Clinton view that the full delegations from both states be seated , with full votes , committee members said .
They also said that Allan Katz , a lawyer from Florida , emerged as the chief advocate for Mr. Obama , who has said he wants the delegates seated , but has not specified how or in what proportion .
“ It was a full discussion , we ’ll see what happens , ” Mr. Ickes said afterward .
“ And I think there was some agreement on some issues and still some disagreement on others . ”
Mr. Katz told reporters : “ There ’s a strong push from the Clinton campaign to try and make believe that those primaries were real primaries , that everyone competed in them like they did in everything else .
And there ’s a strong push back from the Obama campaigns that , well , the rules were that this is not how we were going to select the delegates . ”
They took a few straw votes , but those votes were “ so close as to be meaningless , ” one committee member said .
One of the biggest points of dispute , committee members said , was over how to apportion the delegates from Michigan , where Mr. Obama ’s name was not on the ballot .
The committee is also wrestling with how to bring voters from these two battleground states into the party fold while still upholding party rules and signaling to other states that they will be punished if they do n’t abide by the calendar .
The private dinner , at a hotel here , stretched from 8 p.m. Friday to 1:30 a.m. Saturday .
Of the 30 members of the committee , 28 attended the dinner , as did Howard Dean , the party chairman .
Some told reporters they expected to reconcile their differences during the public session on Saturday , but they offered little evidence of how they would do so .
“ There are some really , really tough issues across the board , ” said Martha Fuller Clark , a committee member who is a state senator from New Hampshire and backs Mr. Obama .
She said they discussed their options and the implications of them , adding , “ there was no clear pathway at the end of this evening . ”
The discussions left them bleary - eyed and somewhat bedraggled .
After more than three hours , they took a break and a few of them could be seen hugging each other in a hallway .
Told later that the meeting lasted for five and a half hours , Thomas Hynes , a lawyer from Illinois who supports Mr. Obama , said , “ It felt like five and a half weeks . ”
He said that discussion ranged from barring the two states from seating any delegates to seating their delegations in full .
“ A consensus has not been forged , ” he said , but said he expected it would be on Saturday .
The lengthy private session “ gave us a chance to find out where everyone was , ” he said .
James Roosevelt Jr. , one of the co-chairmen , called the meeting “ productive , ” adding , “ it was not unpleasant or heated . ”
He said it gave the committee members a chance to step back and examine the implications of the various options .
“ I ca n’t predict that it will be unanimous , ” he said of any decisions reached on Saturday , “ but I can predict that it will be unifying for the party . ”
At the Saturday session , representatives from Florida and Michigan will present their cases , as will the two campaigns , which had originally both agreed to the decision to strip the two states of their delegates .
The committee then expects to break for lunch and begin its own discussions in the afternoon .
The Irony of Holland 's Smoking Ban You can Still Have Your Joint , but Only if it 's Pure
In July , the Dutch government will introduce a nationwide smoking ban in bars , cafes and restaurants , aimed at protecting workers .
But it will also make life a lot harder for the country 's infamous coffee shops , where customers will only be allowed to smoke pure cannabis .
Von Frederik Hartig
Claim : A B - 17 damaged on a bombing raid over Germany reached England safely after a German pilot declined to shoot it down .
Status : True .
Examples : [ Collected via e-mail , March 2008 ]
Charlie Brown was a B - 17 Flying Fortress pilot with the 379th Bomber Group at Kimbolton , England .
His B - 17 was called ‘ Ye Old Pub ’ and was in a terrible state , having been hit by flak and fighters .
The compass was damaged and they were flying deeper over enemy territory instead of heading home to Kimbolton .
Charlie Brown was aFlying Fortress pilot with the Group at Kimbolton , England .
Hiswas called ‘ Ye Old Pub ’ and was in a terrible state , having been hit by flak and fighters .
The compass was damaged and they were flying deeper over enemy territory instead of heading home to Kimbolton .
After flying over an enemy airfield , a pilot named Franz Stigler was ordered to take off and shoot down the B - 17 .
When he got near the B - 17 , he could not believe his eyes .
In his words , he ‘ had never seen a plane in such a bad state ’ .
The tail and rear section was severely damaged , and the tail gunner wounded .
The top gunner was all over the top of the fuselage .
The nose was smashed and there were holes everywhere .
Despite having ammunition , Franz flew to the side of the B - 17 and looked at Charlie Brown , the pilot .
Brown was scared and struggling to control his damaged and blood - stained plane .
Aware that they had no idea where they were going , Franz waved at Charlie to turn 180 degrees .
Franz escorted and guided the stricken plane to and slightly over the North Sea towards England .
He then saluted Charlie Brown and turned away , back to Europe .
When Franz landed he told the c/o that the plane had been shot down over the sea , and never told the truth to anybody .
Charlie Brown and the remains of his crew told all at their briefing , but were ordered never to talk about it .
More than 40 years later , Charlie Brown wanted to find the Luftwaffe pilot who saved the crew .
After years of research , Franz was found .
He had never talked about the incident , not even at post - war reunions .
They met in the USA at a 379th Bomber Group reunion , together with 5 people who are alive now — all because Franz never fired his guns that day .
Research shows that Charlie Brown lived in Seattle and Franz Stigler had moved to Vancouver , BC after the war .
When they finally met , they discovered they had lived less than 200 miles apart for the past 50 years !!
Origins :
The basic framework of this tale about a memorable act of gallantry in wartime is true :
In December 1943 , the Ye Olde Pub — a B - 17 commanded by 21 - year - old Lt. Charles L. “ Charlie ” Brown — took heavy damage while on a mission to bomb a factory in Bremen , Germany .
While attempting to head back to England with a crippled plane and an injured crew , Lt. Brown encountered a German who , rather than shooting down the B - 17 , instead saluted its crew and disappeared .
Nearly fifty years later , Brown located and met up with that German pilot .
Aside from pointing interested readers to a more comprehensive article covering these events ( such as the one here ) , we do n’t have much to add other than noting that the shortened version of this tale which has circulated widely on the Internet ( as reproduced in the “ Example ” block above ) may include some fanciful embellishments intended to heighten the drama of the story :
After flying over an enemy airfield , a pilot named Franz Stigler was ordered to take off and shoot down the B - 17 . …
When Franz landed he told the c/o that the plane had been shot down over the sea .
We could n’t find any account ( including those to which the two pilots contributed ) that stated German fighter ace Franz Stigler had been dispatched specifically to shoot down Lt. Brown ’s B - 17 , or that he afterwards lied to his commanding officer about having shot it down .
However , Brown did mention to at least one interviewer that his “ heart sank ” after he flew directly over a Luftwaffe fighter base , so it ’s possible Stigler did take to the air with orders to shoot down the B - 17 .
Aware that they had no idea where they were going , Franz waved at Charlie to turn 180 degrees .
Franz escorted and guided the stricken plane to and slightly over the North Sea towards England .
Again , no other account of this event we ’ve found verified the claim that Lt. Brown ’s B - 17 was lost and flying the wrong way until Franz Stigler helped turn it around .
The following excerpts ( from two other accounts ) both indicate Brown had already headed his B - 17 towards England when he noticed Stigler ’s plane flying alongside him :
It seems amazing that the heavily damaged B - 17 remained in the air .
But it did , and Brown turned it toward the North Sea , hoping to keep it flying until he reached the shores of England 250 miles away .
It seems amazing that the heavily damagedremained in the air .
But it did , and Brown turned it toward the North Sea , hoping to keep it flying until he reached the shores of Englandaway .
Glancing out the cockpit window , Brown saw a German fighter plane , a Messerschmitt 109 , flying alongside .
Still partially dazed , Lieutenant Brown began a slow climb with only one engine at full power .
With three seriously injured aboard , he rejected bailing out or a crash landing .
The alternative was a thin chance of reaching the UK .
While nursing the battered bomber toward England , Brown looked out the right window and saw a BF - 109 flying on his wing .
Some accounts do state that Stigler “ escorted ” the B - 17 partway across the North Sea before turning back .
Research shows that Charlie Brown lived in Seattle and Franz Stigler had moved to Vancouver , BC after the war .
When they finally met , they discovered they had lived less than 200 miles apart for the past 50 years !
Brown and Stigler did finally find each other in 1989 ( and eventually met ) after Brown placed an advertisement in a newsletter and discovered that Stigler was living in Canada near Vancouver .
However , every news article we ’ve found describing the reunion mentioned that since his retirement from the Air Force in 1972 , Brown had been living in Miami , not Seattle ( which would have put him about 3,500 miles away from Stigler ’s home ) :
After the war , Brown remained in the Air Force , serving in many capacities until he retired in 1972 as a lieutenant colonel and settled in Miami as head of a combustion research company .
But the episode of the German who refused to attack a beaten foe haunted him .
He was determined to find the enemy pilot who spared him and his crew .
After the war , Brown remained in the Air Force , serving in many capacities until he retired in 1972 as a lieutenant colonel and settled in Miami as head of a combustion research company .
But the episode of the German who refused to attack a beaten foe haunted him .
He was determined to find the enemy pilot who spared him and his crew .
He wrote numerous letters of inquiry to German military sources , with little success .
Finally , a notice in a newsletter for former Luftwaffe pilots elicited a response from Franz Stigler , a German fighter ace credited with destroying more than two dozen Allied planes .
He , it turned out , was the angel of mercy in the skies over Germany on that fateful day just before Christmas 1943 .
It had taken 46 years , but in 1989 Brown found the mysterious man in the ME - 109 .
Careful questioning of Stigler about details of the incident removed any doubt .
Stigler , now 80 , had emigrated to Canada and was living near Vancouver .
After an exchange of letters , Brown flew there for a reunion .
The two men have visited each other frequently since that time and have appeared jointly before Canadian and American military audiences .
The most recent appearance was at the annual Air Force Ball in Miami in September [ 1995 ] , where the former foes were honored .
In his first letter to Brown , Stigler had written : “ All these years , I wondered what happened to the B - 17 , did she make it or not ? ”
She made it , just barely .
But why did the German not destroy his virtually defenseless enemy ?
“ I did n’t have the heart to finish off those brave men , ” Stigler later said .
“ I flew beside them for a long time .
They were trying desperately to get home and I was going to let them do it .
I could not have shot at them .
It would have been the same as shooting at a man in a parachute . ”
Franz Stigler passed away on 22 March 2008 .
Charlie Brown passed away on 24 November 2008 .
Last updated : 11 March 2009
Sources :
Freedman , Wayne .
It Takes More Than Good Looks ( to Succeed at Television News Reporting ) .
Santa Monica , CA : Bonus Books , 2003 ISBN 1-566-25188-5 ( pp. 57-61 ) .
Frisbee , John L. “ When an Enemy Was a Friend . ”
Air Force Magazine .
January 1997 .
Russell , James .
“ A Life in the Balance is Spared Aloft . ”
Geert Wilders has called Islam 's holy book a " fascist " text Dutch right - wing politician Geert Wilders has posted a controversial film critical of Islam 's holy book , the Koran , on the internet .
The opening scenes show a copy of the Koran , followed by footage of the attacks on the US on 11 September 2001 .
The 17 - minute film was posted on video - sharing website LiveLeak .
Its planned release had sparked angry protests in Muslim countries .
Dutch PM Jan Peter Balkenende said the film wrongly equated Islam with violence .
" We believe it serves no purpose other than to offend , " he said in a statement .
" But feeling offended must never be used as an excuse for aggression and threats . "
The film is called " Fitna " , a Koranic term sometimes translated as " strife " .
Dutch broadcasters have declined to show the production by 44 - year - old Freedom Party ( PVV ) leader Mr Wilders , who lives under police protection because of earlier death threats .
' Spiteful ' Graphic images from the bomb attacks on London in July 2005 and Madrid in March 2004 are shown .
Cartoonist to sue over film Relief over Islam film Pictures of a woman being stoned , scenes from a beheading and images of the Dutch director Theo van Gogh , who was murdered by a radical Islamist in 2004 , are also included .
And pictures appearing to show Muslim demonstrators holding up placards saying " God bless Hitler " and " Freedom go to hell " also feature .
The film shows a young girl in a headscarf making derogatory comments about Jewish people .
It also displays a graph showing how the number of Muslims in the Netherlands and Europe has grown .
The film ends with someone turning pages of a Koran , followed by a tearing sound .
A text that appears on the screen says : " The sound you heard was from a page ( being torn from a ) phone book .
" It is not up to me , but up to the Muslims themselves to tear the spiteful verses from the Koran . "
The film concludes : " Stop Islamisation .
Defend our freedom . "
Two years ago the publication in Denmark of cartoons depicting the Prophet Muhammad sparked protests across the Muslim world .
But Brahim Bourzik , a spokesman for a Dutch Moroccan group , told Reuters news agency he did not believe Mr Wilders ' film would spark fury from Muslims in Holland .
" It is not a film , it is propaganda , " he said .
" All the elements have been seen before , there is nothing new in it . "
The UK - based website which allowed the film to be posted online defended its decision on Thursday .
" LiveLeak.com has a strict stance on remaining unbiased and allowing freedom of speech so far as the law and our rules allow , " it said in a statement posted online .
Your comments
Of course the film should be posted on the internet .
Freedom of speech needs to be protected .
" I do not agree with what you say but I will defend to the death your right to say it " .
Siobhan Cooney , Dublin , Ireland I 've seen the film and while it 's distasteful , it'll give the moderate Muslims a chance to speak out .
The negative image concerning Islam could in my opinion largely be counteracted by the moderate speaking out against radicalism , which is not happening enough .
Erwin Kuipers , Hoogeveen , The Netherlands I believe it should not have been posted .
Every human on God 's earth has the right to choose his or her religion and beliefs and as fellow humans it is our duty to respect that .
Why should anyone make fun of anyone else 's beliefs ?
Syed Kazmi , London , UK
As a law abiding Muslim being born and raised in the West I think this film is appalling .
I am all for freedom of speech , every human being has the right to be heard but as the saying goes with power comes responsibility .
This film has no other purpose but to perpetuate a growing sense of division in an already deeply divided world .
Lena , Luton , UK
Of course , they should be posted .
We , in Western Europe , have won our rights to freedom of speech and we need to retain and defend these rights .
Charles Roffey , Amsterdam , The Netherlands
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The owner of six Los Angeles - area medical marijuana dispensaries was arrested by federal agents Tuesday after an investigation sparked by a traffic accident in which a motorist allegedly high on one of the dispensaries ’ products plowed into a parked SUV , killing the driver and paralyzing a California Highway Patrol officer .
In the aftermath of the Dec. 19 accident , investigators found “ a large amount of marijuana and marijuana edibles ” in the pickup truck driven by the suspect , Jeremy White , 20 , of Paso Robles , Calif. , according to federal authorities .
White allegedly admitted to being under the influence of marijuana that he said he obtained from a dispensary in Compton .
Investigators traced the marijuana to the Holistic Caregivers facility in Compton , one of six dispensaries owned and operated by Virgil Grant , 41 .
Grant ’s other facilities are in Gardena , Los Angeles and Van Nuys .
Advertisement
Drug Enforcement Administration agents set up undercover buys at each of the facilities , in which an operative with a doctor ’s recommendation but with “ no serious medical ailments ” was sold medicinal marijuana , according to an affidavit filed in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles .
In one transaction , a dispensary employee sold the informant a pound of marijuana for $ 5,700 out of the back door of the facility , the affidavit states .
Grant and his wife , Pshyra , 33 , were arrested Tuesday morning at their home in Carson after being charged in a 41 - count indictment returned by a federal grand jury last week .
Virgil Grant was charged with drug conspiracy , money laundering and operating a drug - involved premises within 1,000 feet of a school .
Pshyra Grant was charged with drug conspiracy and 22 counts of money laundering .
Advertisement
At a bond hearing Tuesday , Assistant U.S. Atty .
Mark Childs asked that Virgil Grant be held without bail , noting that he had previous conviction on drugs - and weapons - related offenses .
Bond was set at $ 250,000 for Virgil Grant , and $ 50,000 for his wife .
Virgil Grant ’s attorney , Roger Rosen , said his client would plead not guilty , but declined to comment further .
Also indicted was Jerome Cole , 39 , the employee who allegedly sold the pound of marijuana to the DEA operative .
Cole was being sought by authorities .
The sale of marijuana for medical purposes is allowed under state law .
But federal law prohibits its sale under any circumstances .
Given that difficult legal landscape , federal authorities tend to prosecute cases in which dispensaries are n’t in compliance with state law or in which there is some other aggravating factor .
Advertisement
Even before last week ’s indictment , Compton officials were “ trying to rid the city ” of Grant ’s dispensary , according to court papers .
A deputy city attorney told DEA agents that Grant initially obtained a business license for an “ herbal ” retail store .
Only later did city officials learn that he was operating a medical marijuana dispensary , the court papers allege .
His license has since expired , but Grant continued doing business , despite being cited by code enforcement officers for operating without a license .
The accident that prompted authorities to begin investigating Grant occurred after CHP Officer Anthony Pedeferri had just pulled over Andreas Parra , a 20 - year - old motorist from Phoenix , during a routine traffic stop .
Pedeferri had dismounted his motorcycle and was talking to Parra when White ’s pickup drifted out of the northbound lanes of the 101 Freeway near Ventura and careened into Parra ’s SUV .
Parra was killed .
Advertisement
Pedeferri , a triathlete and the father of two girls , was knocked out of his boots and thrown 20 yards into brush along the side of the road , according to news reports .
He was left paralyzed by his injuries .
White was charged with gross vehicular manslaughter and is awaiting trial .
At his preliminary hearing in April , a Ventura County sheriff ’s forensic expert testified that there was a high concentration of marijuana in White ’s blood at the time of his arrest , according to an article in the Ventura County Star .
“ It ’s one of the highest levels I recall seeing , ” Dea Boehme , a supervisor with the Ventura County sheriff ’s Forensic Sciences Laboratory , testified .
--
Advertisement
scott.glover@latimes.com
Obama and McCain : One Political Junkie 's View ( June 4 , 2008 )
Our politics , like everything else , is shaped by our experience .
The danger , not just in politics but in life , is to become prisoners of our own experience : that is , to become certain about an uncertain world .
The usual political exchange of ideas skims the surface of opinion and belief , and the inescapable result is a circular argument that goes nowhere , as each side 's " prison of experience " remains hidden and unassailable .
Thus any fruitful political exchange must begin by trying to lay bare the hidden " certainties " each side has drawn from their own experience .
This can be a very painful process because it is essentially a form of self - analysis .
We as a nation desperately need to go through just this sort of painfully honest self - analysis .
To start the ball rolling , here is one political junkie 's attempt at that sort of honesty .
A good place to start is by disclosing the experiences that have already pre-defined one 's most cherished , perhaps even subconscious positions .
Disclosure # 1 : I am a political junkie .
Hi , my name is Charles and I am a political junkie .
I became a junkie at the age of sixteen and have accepted that it is part of my life .
As burdensome as this monkey on my back is , I know I will have to carry it for the rest of my days .
( And I have the collection of old Ramparts and Liberation magazines to prove it . )
Disclosure # 2 : I have already voted for both McCain and Obama .
I registered as a Republican in 2000 in order to vote for McCain in the California primary , as I thought he was the far better man than Bush .
I would like to claim I already knew just how destructive Bush would be , but I did n't ; I only detected his smarmy , hypocritical drunken - frat boy veneer of bonhomie that failed to conceal a life and attitude of high privilege .
I voted for Obama in the 2008 California primary .
Disclosure # 3 : Obama and I graduated from the same high school : Punahou School in Honolulu , Hawaii .
Yup , " Barry " and I are part of the Punahou Family .
Punahou is avowedly , promiscuously elitist .
The oldest private school west of the Rockies ( founded 1845 ) , it has long educated Hawaii 's Caucasian elites .
Now it also educates Hawaii 's non-Caucasian elites ; Caucasians make up less than half of its student body .
In other words , the school now roughly reflects the population of Hawaii , which is predominantly Pacific - Island / Asian and mixed ( " hapa " ) ethnic heritage .
Punahou is a weird combination of monied privilege and meritocracy .
If you 're a wealthy alumni , and your kids are n't too bright , well , then they wo n't be able to get in later on academic excellence , so you try to get them in Kindergarten .
Once in , they wo n't be kicked out for being a few cards short of a full deck .
The majority of the students are accepted in higher grades , based on a rigorous metric of academic potential / accomplishment .
Like any elite school , it 's tough to get admitted , and anxious parents try to get their young offspring into Hana ' hou ' oli School , a private elementary academy a block or so from Punahou which successfully grooms many students for acceptance to Punahou .
Children from unprivileged households are accepted on scholastic or athletic scholarships .
In other words , it 's like an elite East Coast prep school with palm trees and lava - rock walls .
So how did a fool like me get accepted ?
My stepfather joined the faculty , and as a result they let me and my brother in without much of a fuss .
The reason I describe this school is I think it is emblematic of Obama 's experience .
Obama is a Cosmopolitan , by which I mean someone who has lived in a variety of locales and who grew up with a variety of people .
He is comfortable with a diversity of ethnic and class groups , and able to navigate a meritocracy .
He is of mixed racial heritage , something which has long been common in Hawaii .
As longtime readers of this site know , my nuclear family also has mixed - race members ( black / white , just like Obama ) as well as Asian - American and Mexican - American members .
So my family is also Cosmopolitan is a way which is hardly unique in urban America now but which remains exotic in ethnically undiverse areas of the U.S.
In my experience , America is cosmopolitan .
If you arrive at San Francisco International Airport ( SFO ) and take the BART train downtown , you will find the car filled with an amazing variety of multi-colored human beings ( I'm the sunburned one ) .
When you travel abroad , and return home in this train car , it is a profound experience , for most of the world is undiverse and not at all cosmopolitan except in little islands of certain neighborhoods in large cities .
The generation of Americans under 20 years of age lives in a far more cosmopolitan world than most of its elders .
Many of their classmates are mixed - race , and many more have various ethnicities in their families : adopted kids from China , stepsisters and brothers , etc .
If you live in urban America and attend functions at your kids ' public schools , you already know this .
Disclosure # 4 : I have lived in locales where I was an extreme minority .
Detroit , 1968 , and the island of Lanai , 1969 - 70 .
I had good experiences in African - American Detroit and polyglot Hawaii as one of the few Caucasian faces around .
These experiences profoundly shaped my view of America and race / ethnicity / class as well as of privilege / entitlement / resentment .
How could they not influence me ?
We have friends and acquaintances who are Muslim ( from Turkey , Iran and Indonesia ) , as well as Hindu , Buddhist and Christian friends ( and a few Chinese Communists ) ; the main lesson I have drawn from this experience is to be wary of assuming people belong to monolithic blocks of religion , ethnicity , nationality , class , etc .
It ai n't that easy .
And since we 're on the subject : Obama has certainly heard the formulaic litany of resentment / entitlement / victimhood from the pulpit of his church , but he did n't grow up hearing it .
And that is a key point to understand .
Disclosure # 4 : I come from a military family .
My grandfather , father , first stepfather , stepsister : Navy .
Uncle , second stepfather , cousin : Air Force .
Other cousins : Army .
My second stepfather was career Air Force , and rose from enlisted to retire as Lieutenant Colonel .
He served in Vietnam as navigator and had the nightmares that went along with getting shot at in service of one 's country .
I did not join , nor was I drafted .
I was in the draft lottery in 1973 , at the end of the Vietnam War , and could have been called up for service if my lottery number had been reached .
As a CO ( Conscientious Objector ) I would have served in a noncombatant role .
As a result , I respect everyone who acts on their core beliefs .
Those who joined to fight for their country have my deepest respect , as do those who were COs who served in noncombatant roles .
We do n't have to like each other 's positions , but if they come from core beliefs then we can at least respect each other 's view .
My objection to President Bush is that he evaded combat just as surely as did President Clinton , only Bush did something just as squirrelly , if not more so , than Clinton 's " behind the scenes please , pretty please do n't let me be drafted " act : he purposefully conjured up a simulated warrior act , in which a few weekends of service between drunken debaucheries allowed him to fly around Texas while his non-privileged confreres were flying and getting shot down in ' Nam .
Bush is the worst sort of chickenhawk , the hypocrite who arranges for cushy REMF duty and then claims the mantle of warrior .
Meanwhile , John Kerry , as flawed and pompous as he may be , joined and served in combat .
Karl ROve and Bush saw fit to tarnish and besmirch Kerry 's service with " Swift Boat " poison .
For that they both deserve to rot in Hell forever .
OK , so maybe Kerry collected a bogus Purple Heart ; but the record is clear that he did swim out under gunfire and save a crewmember .
Which leads me to McCain .
Hotshot flyer who was shot down and suffered deprivation and torture that is beyond the experience of the rest of us .
War fought at 500 knots and 2,000 feet is a lot different than humping a 60 - pound pack through a steaming , unbearably hot booby - trapped jungle , and we should be respectful of the grunts who did n't get the glory but also respectful of those who endured long , long years in the Hanoi Hilton .
The U.S. has had military presidents , Poor U.S. Grant , who rose to his highest level of incompetence , and Dwight Eisenhower , who successfully herded cats to win World War II in Europe and who was a nuanced , quiet president who never veered beyond the bounds of the cautious possible .
McCain is not a general or admiral who proved himself capable of orchestrating a vast , winning campaign as both Grant and Eisenhower did .
His service , and the torture he endured in service to his country , have marked him in ways we can only guess .
( Another reason Bush and Rove richly deserve to rot in Hell for eternity is their smear job on McCain in 2000 , when the Bush campaign unsubtly suggested all that torture had sent McCain round the bend , i.e. made him too crazy to be president .
So while McCain was living in a Hell beyond imagination , Bush was getting drunk with his good - time buddies -- and that qualified him to be president ? )
Here 's the key thing about the next president : he will have to inform the American public that the nation is broke , and can't afford to pay everyone 's Medicare and other benefits , and support a giant , out - of - control bureaucracy and continue fighting two foreign wars .
The U.S. public and the U.S. government at all levels are spoiled children : just gimme what I 'm owed , and I do n't care where or how you have to borrow the money , just gimme mine right now !
I do n't care about future generations , I 'm entitled !
The next president will have to discipline the unruly , spoiled brat , firmly and with wisdom ; he will have to break the " bad news " and chart a path to fiscal and political health , which first and foremost requires plain honesty .
If you read about the Hanoi Hilton , it 's difficult to believe John McCain does n't harbor the strength of character needed to state the plain truth to a whiny , spoiled adolescent America .
Perhaps Obama has the inner strength to be extremely unpopular , too ; it 's hard to tell because this campaign is the most grueling test he's had to run , and it is nothing like the Hanoi Hilton or governing a nation careening down the path to fiscal insolvency .
Treasury bills are our national credit card , and Bush has rung up trillions of dollars in new credit charges .
Now we owe that money , and the next president will have to force the nation to live within its means , even as those means deteriorate rapidly .
I know all about McCain 's volcanic anger ; he is certainly not alone amongst presidents in possessing this trait .
It is not a metric I consider applicable .
Even Jesus blew up when he cleaned the money - changers out of the temple .
Disclosure # 5 : I think Bush is the worst sort of politician , a conniving , arrogant liar who actually believes his own lies .
After winning an election on the phrase " I 'm a uniter , not a divider , " he promptly led the nation into a bitterly divisive , poisonous eight years .
Peggy Noonan , a speechwriter for President Reagan and no friend of liberals , recently made this observation about Bush : McClellan dwells on a point that all in government know , that day - to - day governance now is focused on media manipulation , with a particular eye to " political blogs , popular web sites , paid advertising , talk radio " and news media in general .
In the age of the permanent campaign , government has become merely an offshoot of campaigning .
All is perception and spin .
This mentality can " cripple " an administration as , he says , it crippled the Clinton administration , with which he draws constant parallels .
" Like the Clinton administration , we had an elaborate campaign structure within the White House that drove much of what we did . "
His primary target is Karl Rove , whose role he says was " political manipulation , plain and simple . "
Mr. McClellan 's portrait of Mr. Bush is weird and conflicted , though he does not seem to notice .
The president is " charming " and " disarming , " humorous and politically gifted .
But the implication of his assertions and anecdotes is that Mr. Bush is vain , narrow , out of his depth and coldly dismissive of doubt , of criticism and of critics .
And we now know the consequences of making Karl Rove your right - hand man and being dismissive of critics , and indeed , reality .
What the nation needs above any ideology is an honest president , one who is n't constantly " spinning " the media in order to falsely sell the American public on a war and other disastrous policies ( G.W. Bush ) or maintain high personal popularity ( Bill Clinton ) .
We have two wild - card candidates , if you will --a Republican maverick who has made mis-steps ( Keating 5 ) and who has alienated his Party leadership by working across Party lines , and a largely unknown Cosmopolitan senator whose life experiences are much more sympatico with young Americans ' lives than with their elders .
The nation is on the precipice of harrowing fiscal insolvency ; most of its citizenry are in denial , plain and simple , about the government 's inability to pay all the entitlements and payroll and interest which has been promised .
Like spolied children , they do n't want to hear about sacrifice ; they feel entitled , victimized , resentful , and afraid they 're not going to get what 's coming to them - - a volatile , dysfunctional cocktail of emotions which will not endear them to the " parent " who has to explain reality and insist on some discipline .
For this political junkie , it comes down to who is best qualified , by character , experience and skillset , to " stay the course " set by fiscal and geopolitical reality , regardless of the firestorm of protest , wailing and complaint he is sure to encounter every day of his term as POTUS -- President of the United States .
NOTE : contributions are acknowledged in the order received .
Your name and email remain confidential and will not be given to any other individual , company or agency .
Thank you , T. Simms ( $ 25 ) , for your unexpected and very generous donation via mail to this site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
For more on this subject and a wide array of other topics , please visit my weblog .
All content , HTML coding , format design , design elements and images copyright © 2008 Charles Hugh Smith , All rights reserved in all media , unless otherwise credited or noted .
I would be honored if you linked this wEssay to your site , or printed a copy for your own use .
Tags
Voiceover : " The Federal Reserve System virtually controls the nation 's monetary system , yet it is accountable to no one .
It has no budget ; it is subject to no audit ; and no Congressional Committee knows of , or can truly supervise , its operations . "
These are the words of the late professor Murray N. Rothbard , economist and academic advisor of the Ludwig von Mises Institute .
The institute is dedicated to the ideals of a free market and sound money .
This program is dedicated to the memory of Murray N. Rothbard and his prolific work on money and banking .
For more than twenty years , the living standards of middle class Americans have steadily declined ; incomes have remained flat or falling and the opportunities and security we once took for granted have begun to fade .
For most families , one income no longer pays the bills ; it requires two or more incomes to afford a home , pay medical and childcare expenses , and put children through school .
Unless present trends change , young workers are unlikely to ever live as well as their parents .
Good jobs with a future are harder to come by ; education does n't count for what it once did ; taxes continue to rise while social security is going bankrupt .
Private pensions are no longer reliable ; economic volatility and uncertainty are on the rise .
Politicians espouse numerous theories about the cause of this country 's economic woes ; seldom however do these officials look below the surface : the roots of our economic ills can be traced to central banking and our present monetary system .
The Federal Reserve claims to manage our money ; instead it makes our money worth less and less every day .
It has generated continuous and worsening business cycles and lowered our living standards .
Money , Banking and the Federal Reserve Video of Money , Banking and the Federal Reserve
Lew Rockwell :
It 's really no different from a burglar in your house wanting to steal your money .
That 's what the Federal Reserve does .
It depreciates your savings ; it takes away your economic security ; and it ought to be treated as an institution that does that , rather than something of alleged benefit .
Voiceover : Money is supposed to serve as a reliable standard of economic value , not a source of instability .
Until we restore sound money and take away the government 's ability to debase it , we have little hope of restoring the freedom and prosperity that made America great .
Lew Rockwell :
And we really have a choice of what we want in money .
Do you want money that is going to be losing its value every year , or do you want money that is going to be gaining in value ?
If you are happy with your money losing value , then you want the present system .
If you want money to increase in value , then you want a gold standard .
Voiceover :
What is money ?
As the good that makes exchange possible , it 's the foundation of every economic activity .
In the earliest times , people traded goods and services directly .
This form of exchange is known as " barter . "
Joseph Salerno :
That is , if a fishing tribe desired to have maybe wheat , which they themselves did not produce , they would seek out other individuals that produced wheat , and then they would exchange theirs for fish .
Voiceover : But barter had limitations in the marketplace .
Joseph Salerno :
Well , actually people perceived pretty quickly problems with that direct exchange : if you wanted , for example , fish and you had wheat , but the people who had fish did n't desire the wheat , you were stuck .
Unless you went out and found some other good , possibly berries , that everyone in that society consumed .
Then you would trade the wheat for the berries in full confidence that you could turn around and trade the berries for the fish or anything else you desired .
Voiceover : Eventually , the most widely accepted goods in a society became valued for their use in indirect exchange .
Money is simply another name for the most generally accepted medium of exchange .
Through our history , many goods have served as money .
Feathers from the Quetzal birds were used for exchange by the Mayan Indians up to the 15th century in Central America .
Tealeaves compressed into bricks were traded in East Asia through the 1800s .
Wampum shells were money to North American Indians , while early American colonists traded beaver pelts , which had a high value both at home and abroad .
Metal coins first emerged in Greece and Asia Minor during the 7th century BC .
Gold and silver were valued for their use in beauty and jewelry and the decorative arts .
They were durable , easily divisible , and limited in supply .
These precious metals also had a high value - to - weight ratio , making them easily transportable .
Joseph Salerno :
You might think back , we can think back to a time when iron was used as money , for example in Africa , but imagine going into the Sears - Roebuck and trying to purchase , say , a lawnmower for $ 350 .
That would take a ton of iron , whereas it only takes an ounce of gold .
Voiceover :
In 1536 , less than fifty years after Christopher Columbus set foot on the American soil , a Spanish mint in Mexico City struck the first coins made in the New World .
These silver coins eventually found their way into the British Colonies .
Great Britain 's mercantilist policies deliberately tried to keep precious metals out of America , so the Spanish milled dollar became the unofficial currency .
It was often divided into eight pieces for smaller transactions , hence the term " pieces of eight , " with 1 / 4 of the coin being " two bits . "
In 1792 , Thomas Jefferson adopted the dollar as this country 's official monetary unit .
Lew Rockwell : He looked around .
He investigated to see what the American people were using , and that was the dollar .
So that 's why the dollar became the standard in the United States .
And we went onto a gold and silver standard , and started minting gold coins with the American eagle , a $ 10 gold coin .
Voiceover : Jefferson in particular spoke eloquently of the dangers of paper money .
During the war for independence , the continental Congress printed vast sums of paper money out of thin air to finance the army .
The diluted money supply naturally depreciated to almost nothing , leading to the phrase " not worth a continental . "
Lew Rockwell :
The people who held onto these notes , who tended to be patriotic Americans concerned about wanting America to be free of British control , lost everything whereas the Tories , who wanted nothing to do with this American - government money and immediately got rid of it , were benefited .
And Pelatiah Webster , one of the first American economists , and others who looked to this , saw that this paper money unbacked by gold was extremely dangerous .
Voiceover :
As early as the 16th century in Europe , goldsmiths stored gold coins for their customers for a fee and issued receipts for the gold to the depositor .
Thus began the use of paper as money .
Joseph Salerno :
In other words , if you came in and deposited 10 ounces of gold for safekeeping , you got back receipts in the amount of 10 gold ounces and those receipts entitled you to instantaneously redeem that gold .
Voiceover :
These receipts soon became widely accepted as means of exchange , since it was easier and safer to use the receipts for significant transactions .
This was the origin of banknotes as money substitutes .
These first bankers then took that process one step further .
Joseph Salerno :
In effect , if the goldsmith had 1,000 ounces of gold and 1,000 ounces of legitimate receipts being held by the depositor of that gold , he could increase his profits by merely printing another thousand ounces worth of receipts , and lending them out .
In which case he would effectively get fifty - percent reserve banking , or fractional reserve banking .
Only a fraction — 50 % of the receipts — were now backed by gold .
Voiceover :
There was no longer a one - to - one ratio of paper to gold .
Now there could be three or four pieces of paper in circulation for every unit of gold in the vault .
These bankers were no longer simply storing or warehousing gold for a fee , they were artificially inflating the money supply and loaning out these phony receipts at interest .
This system became known as " fractional reserve banking " and was later transported to the early American colonies .
It formed the root of the American commercial banking and ultimately the Federal Reserve System .
Lew Rockwell :
This is a fraudulent system , it 's not allowed in any other business .
If you had a grain warehouse that had loaned out the grain it was supposed to have in storage , that 's considered criminal , and the guy would go to jail .
But the banks are the one industry that 's allowed to get away with this and to profit from it .
Voiceover : Alexander Hamilton became the first treasury secretary and in 1791 set up the first Bank of the United States as America 's central bank to expand the supply of paper money for the benefit of the government and the commercial banks .
Joseph Salerno : Alexander Hamilton believed in a strong central government and he saw a central bank as one of the means by which the government could be centralized and by which its power could be expressed .
Voiceover : Thomas Jefferson opposed this view .
He saw a central bank as an undemocratic tool of the northeastern banking establishment .
It was dismantled after twenty years .
Joseph Salerno : Jefferson was an opponent of the strong central government and at all costs wanted to remove the central bank .
Voiceover :
In 1816 , the federal government made another attempt to set up an inflationary central bank , but this Second Bank of the United States was denounced by president Andrew Jackson as a " monster bank , " for benefiting a few at the expense of many .
Joseph Salerno :
They inflated the money supply , which brought about a boom initially , that is prosperity for the country , followed by a bust ; when they stopped inflating the money supply many businesses that had depended on the low interest rates that were introduced or induced by the initial inflation went out of business .
Voiceover : Jackson succeeded in abolishing the second central bank in 1836 .
But by then , speculators had set up hundreds of new private banks with little or no gold to back the notes they issued .
The nation 's monetary system became more stable when the United States introduced the gold standard in 1834 .
The dollar was worth approximately one - twentieth of an ounce of gold .
Joseph Salerno :
The gold standard was understood by the founding fathers , by Andrew Jackson and others , as being a money of the people .
That is , it was a hard money , a money that could not be tampered with , that could not be inflated to permit government expenditures skyrocketing .
Voiceover : But by 1862 Abraham Lincoln needed to fund his invasion of the South .
So , once again , the government began to print up paper money .
Joseph Salerno : Basically the United States went off the gold standard in order to finance the Civil War .
And you 'll find in history that almost every large war , every major war , has involved a departure from the gold standard , because the gold standard put strict limits on government financing .
Voiceover : Lincoln 's notes became known as " greenbacks " because they were printed in green ink rather than the usual black ink on the reverse side .
These so - called fiat notes were deemed legal tender by the government , but they were not redeemable in gold .
Lew Rockwell : Lincoln , under cover of war , issued tremendous numbers of greenbacks .
Gold was still circulating but people were forced to accept these greenbacks as if they were at par with gold .
Voiceover :
The government 's power to print unbacked paper notes would later become the pillar of the Federal Reserve System .
After the Civil War , the nation 's monetary system became sounder , when the US adopted a gold standard .
Lew Rockwell :
We were back on the gold standard in 1879 , and had probably the greatest period of growth and prosperity ever in the country 's history .
Voiceover :
For nearly twenty years , the total output of goods and services grew at an unprecedented rate of 4 % per year .
Joseph Salerno :
The reason being that with the sound money and without the ability to manipulate the interest rate , we had a lot of genuine saving and investment , which then led to more capital goods and higher labor productivity in the United States .
Voiceover :
In the midst of this prosperity , the big industrialists and financiers were plotting to expand their empires with the help of government .
With the passage of the Interstate Commerce Act of 1887 , the large railroads succeeded in blocking their smaller competitors through regulation .
Joseph Salerno :
The ICC was put in place in order to protect the railroad owners from competition .
It was not the case that it was going to protect consumers or shippers .
In fact , consumers were hurt because ultimately , with higher railroad rates , they were forced to pay higher prices for the goods and services that were shipped across the country .
Voiceover :
By 1896 , they were poised to do the same thing with the banks .
Two camps emerged as leaders in this economic war .
They were led by J.P. Morgan , the world 's most powerful private banker , and John D. Rockefeller , the oil tycoon .
Morgan and Rockefeller were great adversaries , but , despite their business differences , they both favored a central bank .
They wanted cheap credit and an inflated money supply to finance the expansion of their empires .
Together , they led the campaign to sell the idea to the American public , which later led to the founding of the Federal Reserve .
Joseph Salerno :
If the American people got wind of the fact that this bank was not in their interests … in fact , if they understood instead it was in the interests of the financial elites who would use it to inflate the money supply and , in doing so , increase their own revenues , there would have been hell to pay .
Legislation would have never passed under those conditions .
So it had to be sold to the American people as a way of making their currency more " elastic . "
Voiceover :
The bank reform campaign received a boost in 1907 , when there was a run on some of New York 's biggest banks , thanks to their fractional reserves .
Panic spread among depositors who got wind of the bank 's insolvency and tried to withdraw their money .
The Knickerbocker Trust failed , and two other institutions went to the brink of bankruptcy despite a $ 35 million bailout from J.P. Morgan .
Wall Street swiftly adopted the fear of bank failures to sell the idea of a central bank , or lender of last resort , to the American public .
Lew Rockwell :
And so the Federal Reserve was to be the lender of last resort , in case any bank had any trouble .
They would n't have to worry : they would get the cash from Washington DC .
Hans Hoppe :
The question is , however , whether it really is desirable to have such a thing as a lender of last resort .
The correct position appears to me that every single bank should be responsible for its own debts and contractual obligations , and if banks through imprudent policy then go bankrupt , this should not be considered a bad thing , but in fact considered to be a magnificent thing , because bankruptcies or the danger of bankruptcies is precisely what makes banks adhere to sound policies .
Voiceover : Bank runs and failures continued at an alarming rate .
In 1908 , the National Monetary Commission — headed by John D. Rockefeller Jr's father - in - law , Senator Nelson Aldrich — was set up to push for a central bank .
In November of 1910 , under the guise of a duck - hunting trip , six men took a secret train ride to an exclusive private club on Jekyll Island , Georgia , to write a Central Banking Act .
The classified gathering read like a who 's who of American banking .
There were two Rockefeller men : Aldrich and Frank Vanderlip of the National City Bank of New York ; two Morgan men : Henry P. Davison from Morgan Bank and Charles D. Norton , president of Morgan 's First National Bank of New York ; Paul Walberg , a Kuhn - Loeb partner ; and Assistant Treasury Secretary A.P. Andrew , who was friendly to both camps .
They spent a week at the luxurious club as Morgan 's guests , crafting the proposal that would form the basis of the Federal Reserve System .
It would be three years before their vision was realized .
Just before Christmas 1913 , the Federal Reserve Act was passed by Congress and signed by President Wilson .
It established a Federal Reserve System to oversee monetary policy and regulate the commercial banks .
Lew Rockwell :
It 's no coincidence that the Federal Reserve System was established by the Wilson administration .
This was the height of the Progressive Era , a time of tremendous government expansion of special interest deals in Washington .
Voiceover :
There are twelve regional reserve banks concentrated in the East and in the Midwest .
The board of governors of the Federal Reserve controls and coordinates their activities .
The board is made up of seven members appointed by the president .
Even though there were twelve regional banks , Wall Street soon ran the show .
As president of the New York Fed , Morgan protégé Benjamin Strong seized control of the board 's Open Market Committee operations .
Strong would remain the dominant force at the Fed until his death in 1928 .
The Federal Open Market Committee , now based in Washington , directs the Fed 's most important instrument of monetary policy : the purchase and sale of government securities on the open market .
To increase the supply of money and credit , that is " to inflate , " the Fed buys government securities from a few handpicked firms with newly created money .
To tighten money and credit , the Fed sells securities .
In this , it can act on its own discretion .
Joseph Salerno : Every government wants the ability to create new money : it 's an alternative to raising taxes .
Taxes , when they are raised , tend to evoke a lot of resistance among the public .
It 's much less [ painful ] to increase the money supply .
The effects , the negative effects do n't occur until six months , a years , two years later — at which time the increasing prices can be blamed on other factors : the weather , speculators , and so on .
Voiceover : Another device the Fed uses to control the amount of money in circulation is setting the discount rate : this is the interest rate charged to member banks when they borrow short term from the so - called " discount window . "
If the Fed lowers the discount rate for its loans , commercial banks will likely borrow more from the Fed .
This increases the amount of funds banks have to lend .
Bank credit thus becomes cheaper , as reflected in lower interest rates on bank loans and credit cards .
The increase in funds available for banks to lend also increases the amount of money in the economy .
The Fed can also manipulate the nation 's money supply by raising or lowering the reserve requirement .
Banks are required to set aside a percentage of their deposits as reserves to meet depositors ' demands .
When the Fed was established in 1913 , it cut reserve requirements in half over the next four years , doubling the money supply by the end of World War I .
But the Fed 's real power lies in its monopoly to create money .
Although the US was still on the gold standard in 1913 , it was quickly eroded as the Fed continued to expand the money supply .
The first step was backing Federal Reserve notes by only 40 % in gold , allowing the money supply to be increased two and a half times .
The inflationary effect to fractional reserve banking was also heightened by the central bank .
Hans Hoppe :
The commercial banks are permitted to create checkbook money on top of Federal Reserve notes .
That is to say , the commercial banks are only obliged by law to hold reserves , in the form of Federal Reserve notes , of 10 % to back all demand deposits that they have .
Ninety percent of their demand deposits are backed by nothing .
Voiceover : The Federal Reserve System adds another inflationary layer to an already unstable banking system .
For example if the central bank has $ 100 worth of gold reserves in its vaults and a 10 % reserve requirement , it can print up $ 1,000 of new notes in deposits , which become the reserves of the commercial banks .
The commercial banks take this $ 1,000 and , if they 're required to hold 10 % again in reserve , they can multiply the $ 1,000 into $ 10,000 through fractional - reserve loans .
So an inverted pyramid is created with $ 100 worth of gold , or real money , at the bottom and $ 10,000 of inflated paper money at the top .
As this $ 10,000 of new paper money circulates in the economy , it drives prices up , therefore reducing the buying power of ordinary citizens .
Lew Rockwell :
When they spend that money , the people who get the new money first and are able to buy products with it benefit , and the people who get it at the end lose because , when they go to spend it , the prices have already gone up , and so they 're able to buy less .
And so there 's a transfer of wealth and of power from some segments of the economy to others because of the actions of the central bank .
And basically , those who benefit are the government itself , big banks , government contractors , and anybody who is a closely associated with the federal government .
Voiceover :
By making enormous amounts of credit easily available , the Fed can also drive down interest rates , sending out the wrong signals to investors .
It sets in motion an unsustainable investment boom that carries with it the seeds of its own destruction .
It 's this business cycle that is ultimately responsible for economic disasters such as the Great Depression .
Soon after the Federal Reserve was established , the US entered World War I .
Once again , the government temporarily abandoned the gold standard to print more money to finance the war effort .
The US government borrowed heavily and the national debt ballooned from $ 1 billion to $ 27 billion .
A sharp spike of inflation followed ; this set off a cycle of rapid expansion and contraction in the economy .
To dampen the overheated economy , the Fed halted its inflation , causing interest rates to nearly double over the next 18 months .
By 1921 , the market begun to recover : new technology helped to increase productivity ; markets developed for new cars and appliances .
The 1920s were a period of extraordinary growth but , behind the scenes , much of this growth was distorted by a Fed - generated inflationary credit expansion .
Joseph Salerno :
These were the " Roaring ' 20s " — this was a period of increasing affluence .
That hid the inflation from American economists .
Voiceover : The Fed - generated bubble burst in the Wall Street crash of October 1929 .
Speculators who had borrowed money to buy shares when bank credit was readily available saw the stock market lose one third of its value .
Bank loans totaling $ 7 billion were outstanding .
As the speculators defaulted on their loans , bank failures spiraled , and the Great Depression set in .
Joseph Salerno : Depositors lost their bank accounts , both their savings deposits and checking deposits .
They saw them disappear into thin air .
Voiceover : In 1932 , Franklin D. Roosevelt was elected president and quickly implemented a New Deal policy of " spending us to prosperity . "
Even though we needed lower taxes and lower spending , his administration would seek unprecedented amounts of money to finance its big - government programs .
In his inaugural speech of March 4 , 1933 , Roosevelt vowed to put an end to poverty and the unemployment lines and get people back to work .
It did n't work : the Depression got worse , thanks to increased central planning .
FDR only succeeded in making the monetary system even less sound .
Just after taking office the president declared a four - day nationwide bank holiday , absolving the bankrupt fractional - reserve banks of any need to repay their depositors .
But before the banks reopened , the Roosevelt administration had to come up with a scheme that would lead people to believe that new deposits would be safe .
It created the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to lull the public into a sense of security .
In reality , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation holds just half of 1 % of all the deposits it ensures , but what people are counting on is that the Fed , as the lender of last resort , would step in and print whatever money would be necessary to prevent a massive bank run .
By the mid-1930s control of the Fed by the New York bankers was drawing to a close .
The Morgan era ended when President Roosevelt , who was no friend of the Morgans , appointed Marriner Eccles as its governor .
Eccles , a Republican from Utah , moved the activities of the Open Market Committee to Washington .
President Roosevelt was on hand for the dedication of a new $ 3 ½ million building to house the Fed .
F.D. Roosevelt : I dedicate this building today to progress .
To progress toward the ideal of an America in which every worker will be able to provide his family at all times with an ever - rising standard of American comfort .
Voiceover : Nineteen thirty - three also marked the beginning of the end for the gold standard , there was no end to Roosevelt 's appetite for spending on such New Deal programs as the gigantic $ 13 billion Tennessee Valley Authority , which flooded vast areas of productive farmland to provide government - subsidized electricity , and the Works Progress Administration , which spent $ 11 billion on make - work jobs and pork - barrel public works .
But the US currency was tied to gold , which limited the amount of money the Fed could print to pay for these costly projects , so the government scrapped the gold standard for American citizens in 1933 , and then Roosevelt confiscated the people 's gold .
As in World War I , the warring parties in the Second World War abandoned the gold standard to finance the war with central - bank - generated inflation .
After the war there was an attempt to use the prestige of the gold standard to establish a global inflationary system .
The world 's financial leaders met at Bretton Woods in New Hampshire , under the direction of the famous economist John Maynard Keynes .
Their idea was to set up a new international monetary system that would have both gold and inflation .
Joseph Salerno :
Under this system , the US dollar would be redeemable in gold , but only for foreign official institutions — central banks and foreign governments — at the rate of $ 35 per ounce .
All other currencies would have fixed exchange rates with the US dollar and they would be redeemable in US dollars .
Voiceover : The New York Times editorialist Henry Hazlitt was one of the first to realize that this " semigold standard " would not succeed .
Ron Paul :
Even from the very beginning , it was doomed to failure .
And this very outstanding journalist at that time , Henry Hazlitt , predicted it would n't work , because , he says , the temptation will always be that the government will print more money , because they will accept these dollars and they wo n't demand the gold and wo n't hold the government in check .
And he was absolutely right .
Voiceover : During the 1960s , the US government was trying to meet the cost of massive social welfare programs at home and the Vietnam War abroad .
By printing more money , President Lyndon Johnson believed , the US government could accomplish its goals without raising taxes , which may have caused a taxpayers revolt .
In other words : it could have both guns and butter .
Lyndon Johnson :
We will make sure that every dollar is spent with the thrift and with the commonsense which recognizes how hard the taxpayer worked in order to earn it .
Voiceover :
But the more money the US printed , the more it eroded the value of the dollar : nervous foreigners began redeeming their dollars in gold as they were entitled to do under the Bretton Woods agreement .
After paying out billions in gold , the US was left with $ 36 billion worth of outstanding debt to foreign creditors and gold reserves worth just $ 18 billion .
Rather than stop the inflation , in 1971 , President Richard Nixon refused to redeem any more dollars .
Richard Nixon : I have directed Secretary Connally to suspend temporarily the convertibility of the dollar into gold or other reserve assets , except in amounts and conditions determined to be in the interest of monetary stability and in the best interests of the United States .
Voiceover :
It was the death now for the Bretton Woods semigold standard and a triumph for the Federal Reserve .
The dollar would no longer have even the illusion of a fixed value against other currencies : it would float against them causing even more dislocation in foreign trade and massive uncertainties for businessmen .
Worse , the final check on dollar creation disappeared , creating endless possibilities for inflation .
It 's running at more than 300 % since 1971 thanks to the Fed 's power to create money out of thin air and to insure deposits .
No US federal budget has been balanced since it abandoned the gold standard .
Joseph Salerno : I do n't think that that 's something that enhances the efficiency of our economy .
I believe that the best money is a market - determined money , such as we had under the gold standard .
In order to get back to a market - determined money , the Fed has to be abolished .
Voiceover :
There is not now , nor has there ever been , any direct control over the Fed by the president or Congress .
The meetings of the Federal Reserve Board are held in secret , and nobody knows exactly what goes on .
If you watch the business report every night , commentators are constantly speculating about what the Fed might do :
News speakers :
All eyes were on Washington today as the Federal Reserve met to decide the future direction of interest rates .
Most economists expect the Fed to leave monetary policy unchanged .
Voiceover :
It has born a whole industry of Fed watchers who try to second - guess the Fed .
Lew Rockwell : The Federal Reserve has been surrounded by secrecy over since its planning , its installation , and its operations to the present day .
And the reason is because they can't tell the truth ; if they told the truth , there would be a revolution ; there would be a bunch of Americans that are ready to go and toss them out of the building .
Voiceover : A recent attempt to open the Fed to public scrutiny came in 1993 .
The head of the House Banking Committee , Rep. Henry Gonzales from Texas , called for an independent audit of the Fed 's operations ; he wanted the proceedings of the Open Market Committee videotaped , with detailed minutes released within a week instead of vague summaries issued several weeks later .
Gonzales also proposed that the president chooses the twelve heads of the Fed 's regional banks instead of powerful bankers .
Predictably , Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan resisted the changes .
What was surprising was President Bill Clinton 's position : he declared the reform would " run the risk of undermining market confidence in the Fed . "
After the Mexican government inflated and devalued the peso in 1995 , the Mexican economy went into a tailspin .
Alan Greenspan lobbied Congress and the Clinton administration for a $ 52 billion bailout .
As it turned out , the Fed 's member banks held as much as $ 26 billion in Mexican debt .
With no choice in the matter , American taxpayers and savers paid the bill .
Ron Paul :
The congressmen themselves , from my experience there , are pretty naive and they do n't understand .
But the few that have to — like the chairman of the banking committee , who is aware of this and goes along with it — continue to perpetuate this myth that the Federal Reserve brings about stability and they do good things for economic growth even though they are the culprits ; they are the ones who caused all the problems ; they are the ones who caused the recession and unemployment and the downsizing of big businesses and all the ill effects that we have to witness .
But their PR job is excellent because they have convinced most congressmen that they are very necessary to maintain stability and economic growth and all these wonderful things they claim credit for .
Voiceover :
It is clear that the United States cannot rely on Alan Greenspan or any other Fed chairman to fight the chronic inflation that has wrecked our savings , distorted our economy , redistributed income and wealth , and brought us devastating booms and busts .
Despite the established view , Greenspan , the Fed , and big commercial bankers are not the inflation fighters they pretend to be .
The Fed and its allied banks are not part of the solution to inflation in the business cycle : they are the problem itself .
To limit chronic inflation and boom - bust business cycles , the currency must be backed 100 % by gold .
That would remove the Fed 's ability to print money , which amounts to no more than legalized counterfeiting .
Instead there would be a monetary system where gold serves to anchor the dollar rather than the fiat reserves created by the Fed .
Lew Rockwell :
If we were to establish a real gold standard , the average American family would benefit tremendously : first of all there would be more jobs , better jobs , more secure jobs , more business opportunities , no more business cycle , no more recessions and depressions ; people 's savings would be secure ; you would not have to worry if you put away money for your old age that its value would be stolen by the central bank and by the central government , as they are today .
Voiceover : Under a 100 % gold standard there would be no place for fractional - reserve banking .
For checking accounts and other demand deposits , the banks would keep reserves on hand to meet depositor 's claims ; banks would receive a fee from their customers for keeping their gold .
In loan banking , investors would hand over their money for a fixed period of time to earn interest .
Once the gold standard is in place , individual bank depositors would always have access to their money , and investors would be kept informed through their balance sheet , and , at a national level , a tight rein would be kept on government spending .
Ron Paul :
You have , relatively , price stability .
You have a stable purchasing power for the money .
You eliminate the business cycle .
You have reasonable interest rates rather than gyrating interest rates , and you get rid of the political manipulation of interest rates and the political manipulation of the money supply .
And this , then , preserves wealth and builds wealth and allows for economic growth .
Voiceover :
It 's as simple as this : sound money means economic prosperity and limited government ; unsound money means inflation , recessions and depressions , and big government .
What sort of system do we want for our families ?
Do n't we want prosperity and security that we can hand on to future generations ?
Transition to a gold standard will not be easy , but as Murray Rothbard put it , " The alternative is much worse . "
THE TREE SHOW 58 The Apology
Oil on Canvas , 2006
Size : 24 " x 32 " 60 California Brown Bear
Oil on Canvas , 2006
Size : 20 " x 16 " 77 General Sherman
Oil on Canvas , 2006
Size : 36 " x 14 " 62 Ghost Girl
Oil on Canvas , 2006
Size : 20 " x 24 " 57 Girl Eaten by Tree
Oil on Canvas , 2006
Size : 12.75 " x 19.75 " 64 Goodbye Bear
Oil on Canvas , 2006
Size : 9.75 " x 8 " 66 Logging Truck
Oil on Canvas , 2006
Size : 12 " x 26 " 59 Allegory of the Four Elements
Oil on Canvas , 2006
Size : 28 " x 36 " 63 The Tree of Life
Oil on Canvas , 2006
Size : 66 " x 42 " Yoshi
Oil on Canvas , 2007
Size : 36 " x 48 " 61 Fetal Trapping in Northern California
Oil on Panel , 2006
Size : 9.25 " x 12.25 " 65 Nurse Sue
Oil on Wood , 2006
Size : 16.5 " x 10.25 " 68 Stump Baby
Oil on Wood , 2006
Size : 13 " x 9.75 "
By Matthew Phenix
Volkswagen has at last finished working on its 60 mpg Jetta BlueTDI diesel , and not only does it look great , but it 's coming to America later this year .
The company announced at this week 's International Vienna Motor Symposium in Austria that the new diesel Jetta uses an updated version of the 2.0 - liter four - cylinder turbocharged engine with common - rail direct injection that made its debut last fall in the European - market Tiguan .
Dubbed BlueTDI , the engine produces 138 horsepower and 236 pound - feet of torque .
It 's good for 60 mpg on the highway , a 12 - percent improvement over the 2006 Jetta TDI .
And thanks to some emissions tweaks - an engine - management system that mitigates toxic nitrogen oxide production by limiting combustion temperatures , and a maintenance - free trap that converts the remaining NOx to nitrogen and water - the Jetta BlueTDI meets the EPA 's Bin 5 / LEV 2 emissions standards .
That means it 's 50 - state legal without the need for urea injection .
Even Californians get one .
The Jetta BlueTDI arrives in Volkswagen showrooms late this summer .
Look for a price about $ 2,000 higher than its gasoline counterpart , which starts at $ 16,990 .
Photos courtesy of Volkswagen .
There 's more after the jump .
Evans is renowned for his love of cars
BBC DJ Chris Evans has paid more than £ 5 m for a Ferrari - making it the most expensive car ever sold at auction .
The star bought the 250 GT SWB California Spyder , once owned by Hollywood actor James Coburn , in Maranello , Italy .
Evans , 42 , paid twice the estimated price for the car at RM Auctions ' Ferrari Leggenda e Passione event .
The auction house said the car was sold for 7.04 m euros ( £ 5.09 m ) .
It had been estimated to fetch 3.4 m - 3.8 m euros .
Coburn , who appeared in The Great Escape , sold the car in 1987 and it has since had a number of private owners .
' Determined '
RM Auctions founder Rob Myers told the BBC News website that the car 's link to Coburn was a factor in pushing up the price .
" I think it was a very valuable piece of the car 's history and it seemed like the potential buyers were more than usually interested in the car because of that history .
" Chris Evans seemed very determined to have it , but a couple of other people were very determined as well , which drove it to that level .
" We had high expectations for the car , but not that high . "
For makers of wearable video displays — essentially , nose - mounted miniature video monitors with supporting frames , capable of letting you watch an iPod ’s video without squinting at a tiny Apple screen — it has long been believed that mainstream popularity will come at a point when pricing and aesthetics become comparable to a good pair of sunglasses , rather than an expensive pair of goggles .
Major strides have been made over the last several years , as companies such as Myvu and Vuzix developed lightweight dual - screen displays that looked like little more than an anonymizing black plastic bar in front of your eyes and ears , selling in the $ 200 to $ 300 range .
While not attractive in the strictest sense of the word , the displays have become increasingly neutral , and by the end of last year rested on the fine edge of public tolerance .
This year , for better or worse , manufacturers decided to design their way out of visual neutrality .
While Germany ’s Carl Zeiss turned to design house FROG Design for what regrettably became the uber - nerdy Cinemizer , Myvu partnered with Korea ’s INNO Design to develop more stylish frames that might meet with greater popular interest , or at least spark discussion about what is and is n’t good display design .
The results are two new products called Shades 301 ( $ 200 ) and Crystal 701 ( $ 300 ) , which despite internal similarities have turned out to be substantially different products .
Neither is a truly mainstream product , but Crystal comes closer to that mark .
Both are designed to work with current - generation iPod nano , classic , and touch models .
Shades and Crystal both include the same general components .
Open each box and you ’ll find one pair of sunglass - like goggles with permanently attached dangling earbuds , a remote control unit for toggling volume , brightness , and power , plus a Dock Connector cable to attach to your iPod .
You also get a simple fabric carrying bag , a USB cable for recharging , and three sets of silicone tips for the integrated Ultimate Ears - branded earbuds .
Myvu also sells a Standard Edition of each headset with video cables that work with non-iPod devices , and a Universal Myvu Connection Kit for $ 25 to adapt the iPod version for more devices .
Regardless of whether you use the iPod cable or something else , an issue common to Shades and Crystal is that there ’s a lot more cable bulk here than in prior Myvu iPod goggles — a step backwards in convenience and tangle for the user .
Myvu previously used a single cable to run from the goggles to the remote , with another cable running to the iPod .
Now there are two cables connecting the headset to the remote , which Myvu attempts to manage with a magnetic cable manager that we would n’t want to store next to a hard disk - based iPod .
The remote connects somewhat loosely to the headset with an unsecured , Dock Connector - esque blade of pins , too .
Each of these parts struck us as tolerable , but not up to the generally improving design standards of the company ’s earlier Personal Media Viewer Solo Plus Edition .
Shades and Crystal differ in three primary ways : frame design , display technology , and battery life .
Both are designed to be usable while you ’re doing other things — say , walking — and thereby give you the ability to see around the displays rather than trying to completely engross you with huge images .
Shades ’ frames position the monitors below eye level , with dark lenses at eye level , in a shell that oddly evokes the sunglasses favored by Kim Jong Il .
Crystal ’s frame design instead looks like earlier Myvu wearable displays , only significantly pinched in the middle and chromed on the sides .
Both have a single rubber - coated nose piece that uses flexible metal inside to resize for different nose shapes .
While neither of these frame designs is spectacular , Crystal ’s is better .
Like virtually every other wearable display we ’ve ever tested , Crystal worked properly from moment one , requiring only the slightest nose piece adjustment to rest evenly and be viewed as intended .
By comparison , we literally went through three pairs of Shades 301 goggles in an effort to find one that worked properly , only to discover that they had been designed in a manner that will work for some viewers and not others : the screens inside are on an offset , “ peer down on us ” angle that this reviewer found impossible to use , seeing the top 1/3 to 1 / 2 of the screen , but not the rest .
Another iLounge editor could wear the same goggles and see the screens properly , but it will be a toss - up from user to user depending on the shape and relative locations of your nose and eyes .
This is the first time we ’ve experienced this in a wearable display , and hopefully , it ’ll be the last .
The other key differences between Shades and Crystal are in display technology and battery life .
Shades uses twin 320×240 displays — the same as what ’s in Solo Plus — but now benefits from 10 hours of battery life versus the original Myvu ’s 6 and Solo Plus ’s 4 .
Crystal uses superior 640×480 displays that draw more battery power , restricting this model ’s performance to 4 hours of run time .
If the frames and screens were otherwise equivalent , we might think that the tradeoff was in Shades ’ favor , but again , there ’s no question that Crystal is better .
When both units are viewed properly , Crystal video looks better than Shades video in numerous ways .
Whereas Shades produces an image that looks like just an iPod classic being held perpetually underneath your nose , minus a little color balance , Crystal presents a larger - looking screen with more detail , rendering on - screen text more readable and other fine details more visible .
If you ’ve created , downloaded or converted videos at 640×480 resolution , the spec generally offered by the iTunes Store , you ’ll be able to see more detail on Crystal ’s screens than you can on an iPod’s .
Crystal ’s brightness and contrast settings enable its picture to look more vivid and colorful than Shades ’ screen , as well ; frames aside , the lower priced model is good , but not the rival of current iPods in display quality .
It is worth noting that Crystal is a generally significant advance over the aforementioned Zeiss Cinemizer , as well .
Though Cinemizer also has 640×480 display technology , Myvu sells Crystal for less , offers considerably superior styling , the video does n’t look washed out , and the earpieces are better .
Both units contain four - hour batteries ; the only way in which Cinemizer may be better for some users is its integrated diopter adjustment system , which in our view did not compensate for its washed - out colors , but did enhance sharpness .
With Crystal , what you see the first time you look inside is pretty much what you get , and depending on your eye positions , you may notice some blurring or mirror imaging — unlike Shades , we found this model to be pretty good in these regards overall , with minor blurring on the edges of the screen .
It ’s our view that a more adjustable nose piece would have improved the experience for some viewers .
Sonically , both Crystal and Shades use Ultimate Ears - branded earbuds that are more than adequate for video viewing purposes .
By comparison with other headsets we ’ve tested , most of which screw up even simple audio with large , awkward earbuds that stick out on plastic pipes , these are very comfortable .
With the right size of silicone eartips attached , they provide enough bass and isolation to let you hear the clomping of dinosaur feet and low parts of music , as well as screening out most of the world around you while watching your video .
You can adjust volume both on the iPod and through the included remote control ; tweaking the relative levels may be necessary to achieve optimal sound quality .
Overall , though Shades was a fairly major disappointment for us — a model that we would n’t prefer or recommend over its Solo Plus predecessor , despite battery and other enhancements —
Crystal is the best 640×480 wearable display we ’ve yet seen for the iPod .
It suffers more from increased cable clutter and genre - wide price and design concerns than anything fatal in its actual performance , so although we would hope to see an even more refined version in the future , Crystal 701 and the earlier Solo Plus would be our top recommendations if you ’re looking for a good wearable display right now .
Our Rating
C+ Average
Company and Price
Company : Myvu
Website : www.myvu.com
Model : Shades 301 iPod Edition
Price : $ 200
Compatible : iPod 4G ( photos only ) , 5G , classic , nano 3G , touch
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
The U.S. government paid more than $ 1.7 million in defense contracts over the last decade to companies owned by leaders of Warren Jeffs ' polygamous sect , with tens of thousands allegedly winding its way back to Jeffs and his church .
The Pentagon had contracts with three companies with ties to Warren Jeffs ' polygamous sect .
In fact , some of the deals were made after Jeffs was named to the FBI 's " Most - Wanted List " and remained in place while he was on the run .
CNN has learned that between 1998 and 2007 , the United States Air Force and Defense Logistics Agency purchased more than $ 1.7 million worth of airplane parts from three companies owned by members of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , which practices polygamy .
Those companies are Utah Tool and Die , Western Precision and NewEra Manufacturing .
Today , the companies all operate under the name NewEra Manufacturing , a company based in Las Vegas , Nevada , that says it supplies precision components " for the aerospace , military , medical , recreational and other commercial entities . "
" It was my understanding that Western Precision was paying roughly $ 50,000 a week into the coffers of the church , " former sect member Richard Holm said .
" It would have been close to $ 200,000 a month . "
Holm said he helped build Western Precision .
A court affidavit signed by a man whose father was the president of Western Precision makes similar allegations .
Polygamy Hearing CNN 's Anderson Cooper follows all the latest details from Texas
10 p.m. ET see full schedule »
" During 2003 , the amount being sent to the storehouse and the FLDS was around $ 100,000 per month , " John Nielsen said in the October 26 , 2005 , affidavit .
" I have personal knowledge that checks sent to the FLDS Church / Warren Jeffs by [ Western Precision ] are payable to the FLDS Church and / or Warren Jeffs . "
Private investigator Sam Brower , who monitors the sect , said money earned through business dealings with the U.S. government was used to build Jeffs ' compounds across the country , including the one recently raided in Eldorado , Texas .
More than 400 children , including teenage girls , were removed from that ranch amid claims of child abuse and forced marriage and motherhood .
Watch a mom plead : ' We need our children ' »
Brower says dozens of companies tied to FLDS are working on contracts with federal or local governments .
The Pentagon would confirm only it had contracts with three .
A man who answered the phone at NewEra Manufacturing said it had no comment .
The companies have not been charged with wrongdoing .
Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell emphasized that point .
" The Department of Defense awards contracts on the basis of who can most effectively meet our requirements for supplies or services at the most reasonable cost to the taxpayer , " he said .
" We do not consider religious affiliation or marital status when selecting vendors , but illegal activity is certainly cause for termination of a contract and perhaps even debarment , which could prevent a contractor from doing business with department ever again . "
He added , " However , DoD is not aware of any criminal allegations against anyone managing the companies in question . "
Bob Maginnis , a retired Army lieutenant colonel who now works with a contractor for the Pentagon , said the department does background checks before signing contracts .
" The DoD is obviously abiding by the law , and if we want them to look deeper and discriminate on religious or other activities we need to tell them . "
But he added , " If there was a direct line between Jeffs and this company , and his name was associated with a contract , then that should have come to attention of those that were bidding contract . "
It 's unclear whether Jeffs ' name was on any contract , but other senior members of his church were managing the companies .
What might taxpayers think of it all ?
" They 're just going to shake their head and say here 's another example of our tax money going down the drain to support this polygamist in Texas who abuses children and women , " Maginnis said .
" They 'll be appalled and rightly so . "
Jeffs is serving time in Utah after his 2007 conviction for being an accomplice to rape , charges related to a marriage he performed in 2001 .
He also faces trial in Arizona on eight charges of sexual conduct with a minor , incest and conspiracy .
See a timeline of Jeffs ' life »
The Mormon Church , which gave up plural marriage more than a century ago , has no ties to Jeffs ' group .
E-mail to a friend
All About Criminal Trials • Warren Jeffs
As a business owner in the United States , how has the price of gas affected your business ?
And how is it affecting your customer ’s buying decisions ?
Some U.S. businesses have put plans in place to address the issue .
Dodge has a program called Refuel America which guarantees a price of $ 2.99 for the first 12,000 miles with the purchase of a new car .
Donatos , a U.S pizza chain , ran a special promotion in Cleveland , Ohio where they deducted the price of a gallon of gas from your pizza purchase if you just brought in your gas receipt .
As a freelance writer , I am now questioning the need to meet in - person with a prospect rather than conducting the initial interview over the phone .
Has the price of gas influenced how you do business or what you offer your customers as an incentive ?
And how do you get costs of operating a vehicle , under control ?
Let ’s look at company cars .
Do you provide vehicles for your employees or do you pay for their gas expenditures ?
Ned Averill - Snell recently wrote a guide to Automotive Purchasing for Business .
Ned offers a few unique ideas like buying vehicles at auction for those providing employees a car .
He also offers suggestions on auto financing .
But the simplest suggestion he offers is bringing new life to worn vehicles with something as simple as a car seat cover .
If the engine still works and the tires have tread , why trade in a car because of ripped seat covers ?
How about the expensive of operating the car ?
Betty Stark has a Guide to Mileage Deductions for Business Travel .
Betty talks about ways to make the most of your mileage deductions and her best advice — which many neglect — is keeping great records for the IRS .
I use a regular pocket calendar .
I keep the calendar in the driver ’s side pocket and each morning I write the starting miles , the names of the companies I plan to visit and any car expenses I incur during the day .
I enter the information in a spreadsheet which my accountant uses at the end of the year .
If I did n’t write the information down each day — it would be nearly impossible to recreate at the end of the week or month .
So what is the current IRS mileage deduction ?
It was raised to 50.5 cents per mile for 2008 .
That ’s a huge increase since the 36.5 cents per mile in 2002 , but is it enough ?
If gas surpasses $ 4.00 / gallon this year in the United States ( as of today it already has in a few larger cities ) will that be enough to cover gas and car maintenance ?
How can you stretch the gas further to meet your needs ?
Jacqueline Mitchell wrote an article that appeared in the LA Times entitled Sneaky Ways to Get Better Gas Mileage .
She offers 10 Sneaky Ways to Save on Fuel , but she offers one non-sneaky way we can save starting today :
One immediate step a driver can take is observing the speed limit .
Aggressive drivers can save as much as 49 cents per gallon if they ease up on the gas and brakes , according to the Car Care Council .
You can save about 10 cents a gallon by observing the speed limit and using cruise control during highway driving .
As a small business owner , is the rising price of gas now eclipsing the pain of rising healthcare costs ?
Daniel Kehrer has put together a guide for Coping with High Gas Prices geared toward the small business owner .
He offers the obvious “ pay as little as possible for gas and take advantage of discounts ” but he also talks about saving money with more efficient scheduling :
Pay attention to scheduling .
Many small businesses can save money by doing a better job of scheduling trips to visit clients or run errands .
Group stops and appointments so you do n’t end up going back and forth to the office three or four times a day .
And if you can accomplish more of your business by phone or online , avoid the driving altogether .
No matter your strategy — we need to turn a fiscal eye toward the cost of gas for our employees and our customers .
What have you done already to control gas costs for your organization ?
Is there a way you can save the price of gas for your customer ?
Please share your tips here !
Thanks .
WAS the Orange Revolution of 2004 - 2005 a sinister western plot ?
Many Russians , particularly those close to the Kremlin , say so , and a new book called “ Orange Webs ” tries to confirm that view .
It is the first piece of work by the new “ Institute of Democracy and Co-operation ” , which aims to provide Russian answers to the West 's democracy - promotion efforts .
The new institute 's founders say it will open offices in New York and Paris , but to date it does not even have a website .
“ Orange Webs ” has not yet been formally published , though extracts have been quoted on the website of Russia Today , a pro-Kremlin television channel .
But the question of how to deal with the new outfit is already a tricky one .
Some Kremlin critics look forward to having new opponents to engage with .
Others think that the new venture is so ludicrous that it is better ignored .
Reuters
Only a Western song ?
That would be a mistake .
Weaknesses in Western political systems — whether gerrymandering in America or the scandalous extent of phoney postal voting in Britain — are numerous and deplorable .
If outside criticisms are wrong , they can be refuted .
If they are true , then they are a spur to action .
Communist propaganda during the cold war encouraged Western leaders to think harder about their decisions .
The lack of an overt ideological challenge since then has led to complacency and smugness .
It is hard to argue that Western politics has become healthier over the past two decades .
But the real point is a bigger one .
The main argument made by the Kremlin so far is not based on the theoretical advantages of “ sovereign democracy ” ( or whatever the current label is ) .
Instead , it is on the practical results .
Put crudely , it goes like this : Russia was not ready for democracy in the 1990s .
The result was chaos and looting , perhaps encouraged by the West , which wanted to weaken Russia .
Vladimir Putin's Kremlin has restored the balance , bringing back stability and self - respect .
Growth and living standards have rocketed ; most Russians are delighted .
Disproving that involves arguing , among other things , that the prosperity of the past eight years is superficial , and that Mr Putin 's popularity is the result of rigged elections and a controlled media .
Reasonable people can disagree about these issues .
But when the Kremlin shifts its attack to issues of “ democracy ” ( ie , political freedom and the rule of law ) things may become trickier than its propagandists realise .
If the Orange Revolution in Ukraine was really just a stunt pulled by clever outsiders , why have the results proved so durable ?
Nobody is trying to put the deposed Leonid Kuchma back in power .
Politics may still be chaotic and corrupt , but they are also open and unpredictable and largely settled by the electorate .
Contrast that with the mystifying question of the future relationship between Mr Putin and his hand - picked successor , Dmitry Medvedev , which is being settled by backstairs intrigue rather than the voters ' verdict .
Any attempt to elevate the Russian system is likely to seem highly unconvincing to an outside audience .
Alexander Shokhin , a reformer in the 1990s and now an ardent supporter of the Kremlin , told the Financial Times last week that Russia was “ an island of stability ” , with a “ single programme for economic development until 2020 ” .
By contrast , he said scornfully : “ We do n't know the name of the next US president , let alone the policies which are going to be developed , ” he said .
If the new institute criticises open elections and a free press , people will laugh at it .
And if it praises them , people will ask : “ Why not in Russia too ? ”
Hits
Internet Explorer ( IE )
Introduced 1995
Introduced 1995
Media Center
Introduced 2002
Introduced 2002
MS-DOS
Introduced 1981 , discontinued 2000
Introduced 1981 , discontinued 2000
Office
Introduced 1989 ( on Mac ) , 1990 ( on PC )
Introduced 1989 ( on Mac ) , 1990 ( on PC )
Peripherals
Introduced 1982
Introduced 1982
Windows 3.1 / NT 3.5
Introduced 1992 and 1994
Introduced 1992 and 1994
Windows 2000 and XP
Introduced 2000
Windows CE / Mobile Windows CE / Mobile
Introduced 1996
Introduced 1996
Xbox and Xbox 360
Introduced 2001 and 2005
Introduced 2001 and 2005
Visual Basic
Introduced 1991 , discontinued 1998
Misses
Auto PC
Introduced 1998 , discontinued 2001 *
Introduced 1998 , discontinued 2001 *
Microsoft Bob
Introduced 1995 , discontinued 1996
Introduced 1995 , discontinued 1996
Cairo
Introduced 1991 ( but never released )
Introduced 1991 ( but never released )
MSN Music and URGE
Introduced 2004 and 2006 , both fully discontinued 2008
Introduced 2004 and 2006 , both fully discontinued 2008
Origami / UMPC
Introduced 2006
Note : Intel , please join Microsoft on stage to accept this award
Introduced 2006 Note : Intel , please join Microsoft on stage to accept this award
OS /2
Dates : introduced 1987 , discontinued 2006
SPOT watches and MSN Direct
Introduced 2004 , discontinued 2008
Introduced 2004 , discontinued 2008
Windows Activation
Introduced 2001 Introduced 2001
Windows ME
Introduced September 2000
Introduced September 2000
Windows Vista
Introduced 2007
It 's really easy to simply remember " Internet Exploder " as the standards - breaking , web - forking , buggy , monopoly - causing app that helped shape Bill 's old image as the evilest baron of all technology companies .
But it 's also the app that led to the creation Ajax - based web apps through the XMLHttpRequest spec , and the kludgey early popularization of CSS .
Love it or hate it , IE 's gotten more people on the web over the years than any browser , and that 's definitely got to count for something .
Despite TiVo's DVR dominance and competitors that came and went over the years , Media Center has always been an underrated standout product .
Even Bill admits that the company 's long struggled with usability , but Media Center is a beacon of hope not only for 10 - foot UIs everywhere , but also for the company 's ability to create powerful , advanced , user - friendy products .
Between its online integration , extensible plugin architecture , ability to stream shows to nodes around the house , and now CableCARD support , the only real downside to Media Center is the fact that you still need a full - blown PC to run it .
It was arcane and nigh - unusable to mere mortals -- but the early cash - cow was one of Bill 's most strategic moves , and helped Microsoft define the concept of software licensing .
It also helped launched Mossberg 's career as crusader of user - friendly technology .
But most importantly , MS - DOS was still the OS an entire generation grew up learning , so del crticsm .* for a second because our autoexec.bat and config.sys were so very well crafted , and extensively tweaking Memmaker for a few extra KB of usable RAM definitely ranks amongst our top most formative geek moments .
Word , Excel and PowerPoint certainly did well enough on their own , but when Microsoft combined 'em into the tidy ( and pricey ) package that is Office -- first on the Mac in 1989 , interestingly -- it had a selling point that would prove irresistible to many a productivity - obsessed middle manager even today .
The addition of Outlook and its support for the ( for some ) nigh - indispensable Exchange only further solidified its foothold in the corporate computing world , and that 's where Bill knew the real money was .
That 's certainly not to say that it has n't been without its share of problems and annoyances , though -- we 're looking at you , Clippy .
Microsoft has always been a software company first , but it 's been cranking out high - quality peripherals for over 25 years -- long before the Xbox and Zune were even a twinkle in Bill 's eye .
Not only that , but it 's been a reliable innovator in the field , with a string of devices that were first , early , or just simply popularized technologies like the wheel mouse , force - feedback joysticks and controllers , the modern optical mouse , and the ergo - keyboard .
The division has gone through some bumpy times -- the SideWinder line was killed off for a while there , and there 've been some questionable designs along the way -- but it 's been riding high as of late , and it does n't show any signs of slowing down soon .
It took a few versions to come into its own , but by the time Windows hit 3.1 , Microsoft finally had a product that was able to pull PC users away from the command line ( for some of the time , at least ) and give them a real taste of things to come .
Windows NT may not have had quite the same appeal with the average consumer , but it did bring the operating system into the 32 - bit world and pave the way for enterprise desktop computing as we know it today .
( Plus , it had the NT file system ( NTFS ) , which to this day continues to carry on the legacy in its own little way . )
We really wish they 'd made a sequel to the Pirates of Silicon Valley , because we'd love to have seen the dramatization of Bill overseeing the first popularized verions of Windows -- especially ' 95 , which came out just a couple of years later .
When thinking of Microsoft and the new millennium , few people are able to keep the crinkles out of their nose .
Thankfully , Windows ME was n't the only thing that arrived in late Y2 K , as Windows 2000 rushed in to rock the socks off of suits everywhere .
The whole Win2 K thing went over so well that Gates and company decided to base its next consumer OS , XP , off of it .
Some may argue that the resulting product still stands as the last great OS to ship out of Redmond .
As two of the most ubiquitous projects to come out from under Bill 's command , both Windows CE and Windows Mobile are almost impossible to avoid when it comes to handhelds or phones .
What began as a mishmash of small components has grown into the adaptable -- though sometimes maddening -- mobile OS that resides on just about every kind of device you can think of .
Really , we mean every kind of device , from PMPs to enterprise - level stock - keeping systems .
The slimmed down and restructured micro-Windows is at the very least one of the more flexible offerings the company has ever produced .
Say what you will about its usability , there 's no denying the massive impact it's had on portability and convergence .
Back in 1999 , Bill was all about multimedia convergence , and he said that a new gaming / multimedia device would be Microsoft 's trojan horse into the world 's living rooms with something coined the " DirectX - box . "
In 2001 , the original Xbox entered gaming territory dominated by Sony 's PlayStation with Nintendo's N64 .
But the clunky machine brought with it the first easy to use multiplayer console service , Xbox Live , as well as a developer - centric model that helped turn the tables .
Of course , things look quite a bit different today : the Xbox 360 leads the former market leader 's PlayStation 3 in spend and attach rate , and with the relative success of media and content sales on Xbox Live , it seems Bill 's dream of dominating the living room was n't just a pipe - dream after all .
It 's hard to underestimate the impact of Visual Basic .
While the average user might have never heard of the original VB that Microsoft released way back when , the simplicity of the language and its graphical toolset made just about any power user a potential app developer , powering the flood of third party application development Microsoft operating systems enjoyed throughout the 90's .
Sadly , Visual Basic met its demise at the hands of more modern languages and toolsets , but with a legacy of making programming accessible to the masses , its place in the history books and in Bill 's pocketbook is undoubtedly secure .
DirectX , Flight Sim , Portable Media Center , Solitaire and MinesweeperRiding high on its previously - introduced sister products -- the Handheld PC and Palm PC platforms , now dead and transformed into Windows Mobile , respectively -- Microsoft 's Auto PC initiative was promised to herald a revolution for in - car entertainment and productivity .
There 's no question it was well ahead of its time ; in fact , many of the features debuted in Auto PC have gone on to become standard fare in today 's cars .
Problem was , when it launched your ride was already pimped with a mere CD player .
In - car navigation , voice recognition , and MP3 support were still the stuff of science fiction in those dark days ( particularly at the four - digit asking price ) , and the whole thing was doomed to a geeky , spendy niche .
Though products were initially expected from several manufacturers , Clarion ended up being the only one to actually produce a head unit .
* The Auto PC lived on in spirit as Clarion 's Joyride , but Microsoft 's heart was no longer in the project and Clarion had switched to a generic Windows CE - based core to build the product .
Poor Bob .
No one ever gave him a chance .
Maybe it had to do with the fact that he was really annoying .
And as it turns out , Bill was dating Melinda French , Bob 's program manager .
Which is n't to say there was any nepotism involved -- Bob suffered an early death in 1996 due to general hatred for the little bastard .
Bill offered this to a column in January , 1997 , " Unfortunately , [ Bob ] demanded more performance than typical computer hardware could deliver at the time and there was n't an adequately large market .
Bob died . "
Thankfully , Billinda 's blossoming relationship lived on .
Oh , did you hear ?
They 're like the world 's greatest philanthropists now .
Ask folks to pick one word to describe Microsoft 's technology roadmap in the 1990s and you 'll commonly get " Cairo " in response .
Announced before Windows NT 3.1 was even released , Cairo was occasionally an operating system , occasionally a collection of new technologies -- it depended entirely upon who and when you asked -- but at its core , it was intended to guide Microsoft on the path beyond the architecture introduced by NT .
After throwing countless dollars and man-hours at the ambitious project , Cairo was ultimately canned ( though mentions of the storied buzzword continued even into this decade ) .
Although Windows 2000 eventually became NT 's heir apparent , the fruits of Microsoft 's labor were n't entirely for naught , as various Cairo features found themselves implanted into various versions of Windows throughout the years .
Even the WinFS file system can trace its roots back to the project -- fitting , because it too has become such an albatross .
When MSN Music -- Microsoft 's effort to build its own PlaysForSure - based subscription music based store -- imploded , headstrong Bill did what he usually does : rebrand , and launch again .
When he got up at CES 2006 and announced MSN Music would become URGE with MTV , we were all a little skeptical -- after all , the problem was n't really the service , it was the overbearing DRM and the fact that consumers simply were n't ready for subscription music .
Of course , eventually URGE died as well , and MTV shunted customers to Rhapsody America ; naturally , Microsoft had a third PlaysForSure - based store waiting in the wings with Zune , which does n't appear to be going anywhere any time soon .
UMPCs ... what can we say ?
Sure , Scoble liked them , but even from day one we never saw the market potential .
Fueled by an early and too - successful hype - generating viral campaign of Microsoft 's own making , there was no way that these first generation Origami devices would achieve their promise .
Overpriced , underpowered , desktop OS - laden ( with Microsoft 's Touch Pack add - on ) , and poor battery life all helped ensure drown UMPCs in the wave of " ultramobile lifestyle PC " - hysteria they rode to market .
And as UMPCs begin to fade , the shrinking niche between smartphones and laptops can look forward to the sweet release of MIDs -- though that 's already been two years ... and counting .
What began as a collaboration between Microsoft and then - partner IBM blossomed into what looked like -- for a time at least -- the logical successor to the DOS / Windows empire .
The advanced OS showed early signs of greatness with it 's incorporation of the HPFS file system , improved networking capabilities , and a sophisticated UI .
But cracks in the relationship between the two powerhouse corporations would ultimately lead to its downfall .
With Windows 3 a sudden success , IBM 's reluctance to go hardware neutral , and Microsoft 's increasing displeasure with code which it called " bloated " ( ahem ! ) , the project was eventually swept aside by Gates and the gang to make way for what would become the omnipresent operating system you know and love and / or hate today .
When the concept of an information - enabled watch that automagically received content over unused FM radio subcarriers was first conjured up by Microsoft in the early part of the decade , it seemed like a fabulous idea .
So much so , in fact , Bill personally took the project under his wing .
But by the time it had launched , it was already doomed by a perfect storm of problems : the devices were uglier than sin and comically oversized , the bizarre ad campaign featured frighteningly hairy cartoon arms , and -- as the mobile web was just starting to pick up steam at that time -- virtually anyone who would 've been interested in that kind of product had already discovered ways to get the same information from their phone .
The underlying data network Microsoft built out to support the watches , MSN Direct , lives on to this day and sees plenty of use in Garmin 's nüvi line , but will it ever be used to beam weather , news , and MSFT stock reports to wrists other than Bill's ?
Not bloody likely .
Depending on who you talk to , Windows Product Activation is a serious privacy violation , a headache , minimal protection against piracy , or all of the above .
Lucky for us , Microsoft is finally seeing ( some of ) the folly of its overbearing ways , and has gone with a more permissive nagware method with Vista SP1 .
This as opposed to the regular method of routinely locking users out of their systems , which , would n't you know it , tended to hurt legitimate users more than pirates .
Perhaps the best example of Windows Activation 's legacy was the great WGA outage of 2007 , which left 12,000 systems out in the cold due to a few downed servers at Microsoft .
It did n't take long for the servers to bounce back , but any shred of reputation the service had at that point went out the window with the uptime .
It 's not exactly clear what the point of Windows Millennium Edition was -- our guess is that Microsoft needed to keep up with that year - based product naming scheme it had going at the time , and cranked out this half - baked update to ' 98 in order to capitalize on the turn - of - the - millenium frenzy .
Unlike the NT - based Windows 2000 released at the same time , Windows ME retained its MS - DOS - based core , while managing to somehow get even more slow and unstable than its predecessors 95 and 98 .
And to add insult to injury , it restricted access to shell mode , rendering many MS - DOS apps incompatible .
Thankfully , Windows ME was only inflicted upon consumers for little over a year ; it was replaced by indomitable Windows XP in 2001 .
Vista does n't suck .
Let 's just get that off our chests .
In fact , it 's a quite capable , secure and sexy OS when you get right down to it .
Unfortunately , its problems just loomed too large for many folks to overlook .
A multitude of delays and a rapidly diminishing feature list soured people right out of the gate , and once the dust settled people just were n't happy with the minor improvements they were getting in exchange for their hard - earned monies and fairly mandatory RAM upgrades .
Mix that in with the standard driver incompatibilities of any Microsoft OS upgrade , and you 've got a whole bunch of disgruntled downgraders on your hands -- and plenty of bad press to fill in any remaining gaps .
Sadly , improvements to Media Center , aesthetics and even that quirky little sidebar got overlooked in the process .
Microsoft 's already scrambling to get Windows 7 together to capture the multitude of users that 've decided to skip Vista altogether , let 's just hope it 's not too late .
Actimates , Pocket IE , Games for Windows - Live , Xenix ( yeah , Microsoft actually did a Unix at one time ! )
And that ’s why they ’re not called the Super Luigi Bros .
I still have n’t picked up a copy of Super Smash Bros .
Brawl , yet .
Sorry , Shawn .
Not sure when I ’ll be picking up a copy .
I will inevitably get one .
Just not sure when .
But Nintendo does n’t care about that .
Super Smash Bros .
Brawl is the fastest selling Nintendo game EVER !
1.4 million copies sold in North America during the first week and a day alone .
With almost 23 million
Wii owners in the world and the game still not available in many countries ( sorry guys ! ) , it ’s also a very good possibility that the game will have the highest attachment rate for a non -console - bundled game as well .
But only time and statistics will tell .
miowpurr writes to tell us that a draft of the ACTA ( Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ) has been posted on Wikileaks .
Among others , Boing Boing 's Cory Doctorow has weighed in on the possible ramifications of this treaty .
Nearly one in 10 men pay for sex according to research
By Finlo Rohrer
BBC News Magazine
The conviction of Steve Wright for the murder of five prostitutes in Suffolk has again thrown the light on prostitution .
The debate about its legal and social status is as current as ever , but what do the men who visit prostitutes think about what they do ?
Patrick , Pete and Mark have some things in common .
They are all successful , professional men , who work long hours and have to travel away from home .
But what really unites them is that they all use prostitutes and are utterly unashamed about it .
Patrick , an IT worker in his 50s , dislikes the coverage of the issue .
He dislikes the pieces written by feminists like Julie Bindel in the Guardian , who describes prostitution as " abuse " .
Patrick also dislikes the tabloids .
BUYING SEX Nearly one in 10 men pay for sex Men aged between 25 and 34 are most likely to use prostitutes
Men who pay for sex are most likely to be single In UK brothels 85 % of prostitutes are from overseas Source : University College London and Home Office " They hate punters and want to bring in laws making the man a criminal , " he says .
" Take the Sun newspaper , they sell sex but as soon as they find someone being caught out with a prostitute , there 's double standards . "
Despite the negative coverage , there is not a granule of remorse in Patrick 's voice .
He can not see any reason why there should be .
" I 've been totally monogamous in my life , with one partner .
I wanted to know what is it like to have sex with somebody who is n't your partner . "
After his first encounter , in an Edinburgh sauna , Patrick felt happy .
" I was quite elated afterwards .
From the sexual side , which was better physically than what I would normally get at home , and also the conversation with the woman . "
He does not appear to have a problem leading a double life with his partner .
Fantasy " She does n't know .
I do n't believe it 's changed my relationship with her in any way .
To some extent I feel closer to her .
" I do n't have to demand things that maybe I was demanding from her , like oral sex and things like that .
She did n't like doing that .
Now I no longer have to ask . "
Management consultant Pete , 40 , from Oxfordshire , is blunt about his motivation for buying sex .
" I 've not had sex with my wife for at least five years , " he says .
" In simple terms , it 's how I get sex .
I 've not noticed a change in our relationship at all .
I 'm distributing my wealth to people who do n't have it
Patrick " There is no emotional involvement [ with the prostitutes ] .
At the risk of sounding cruel and heartless I do n't think I do have a moral issue with it .
If I did I would n't have done it . "
Having visited prostitutes for 18 months ,
Pete says he was attracted while surfing on the internet .
" I 've been leading up to it ; using pornography and looking at various websites .
Rather than being a fantasy it was someone you could have sex with . "
Mark says he used to spend a lot of time trying to pick women up in clubs and bars .
Now the 31 - year - old business consultant from London does n't have the time .
Forming friendships
" It is a mixture of the convenience and the time aspect .
I work very , very long hours . "
He recognises there is a stigma , but it is one he utterly rejects .
" Some of my friends are fully aware that I visit prostitutes .
Many of them do themselves .
There is this fear that it is in some way abusive .
I would disagree with the idea that nobody chooses to do it for a living . "
Patrick views it as a totally mundane transaction between adults .
They seem to enjoy my company , several have moved onto more of a friendship aspect
Mark " I see us as adults .
I want to pay and someone wants to sell .
As long as I 'm not hurting them in any way what harm am I doing .
I 'm distributing my wealth to people who do n't have it . "
During his trial , Wright explained that he moved from visiting massage parlours to using street prostitutes because they were cheaper .
Patrick , Mark and Pete say they only use parlours or escorts .
The trio all use a website where " punters " - the men who visit prostitutes - go to discuss their encounters .
On these message boards the implication is that there are two classes of punter .
Pete suggests the world of street prostitution is " probably the grubbiest , grimiest bit " .
Patrick says he is not tempted , saying it is " risky and not comfortable " .
Mark 's view is also revealing : " There is a slightly exploitative element to street prostitution . "
Camaraderie Instead , the men speak of forming friendships with the women in the parlours and saunas .
" There 's always a lot of girls that I know , " says Patrick .
" We have a good camaraderie .
I treat them as my friends and I feel to some extent they confide and talk to me . "
Mark says he enjoys similar friendships .
" They seem to enjoy my company , several have moved onto more of a friendship aspect .
There are a couple who have phoned me for advice on tax matters . "
For some prostitutes are a progression from internet porn
And there is one aspect of the media coverage that all three men find irritating - the idea that trafficked or coerced women make up a significant proportion of prostitutes .
Patrick , Mark and Pete say they have never encountered a trafficked woman and that conversations with prostitutes lead them to believe it is rare .
" The perception is that everybody is trafficked , " says Mark .
" The figures bandied around for the numbers of trafficked women are absurd . "
Mark 's position is clear .
If he did meet a woman he suspected was trafficked he would do something about it , there and then .
Criminalisation " I 've never come across one , " says Patrick .
" All the people I 've seen , they have always been happy , we have talked beforehand . "
All three men are , needless to say , opposed to the Swedish model , now gaining currency in the UK , where the act of buying sex is criminalised .
" Like any other form of prohibition it just does n't work , " says Mark .
" The more you criminalise , the more criminals can profit . "
The real root of prostitution is in the economic system and not the criminal laws , says Patrick .
" There are a lot of single mothers who feel that 's the only way they can make money .
If you want to get rid of prostitution the way is to reform the welfare system . "
Some names have been changed .
Send us your comments using the form below .
Some of the comments about this subject are a horrifyng insight into how some men view women and sex .
It would appear that some will go to any length to obtain sex instead of working on a more fulfilling relationship with their partners .
If you cant enjoy a sexual relationship fully with your wife / partner then why not try to mutually improve it or accept you are not compatible and end the relationship rather than betray them ?
Sadly I think because most men deep down have little respect for women .
SW , Dundee K from South Yorkshire ; there is one little thing missing from your diatribe , evidence !
And the whole point about decriminalising prostitution is so that organised criminal gangs do n't profit from it !
Sean , Belfast I have a friend who works in a ' massage parlour ' to supplement her income .
Sometimes she enjoys her work and sometimes she does n't .
But she is unskilled and it pays better than her ' regular ' job in a shop .
Obviously women who are trafficked or otherwise exploited should be protected .
But surely the clients know when a prostitute is unwilling as opposed to making the choice ?
If those who used trafficked girls were prosecuted for rape , then the demand would dry up and the business would go back to willing sex workers such as my friend .
Abi , Brighton I have on occasion used what is euphemistically called an ' escort service ' .
The last lady was an NHS nurse supplementing a very poor income .
Did she give the impression of being ' abused ' ?
No .
We had a nice bottle of wine , a good laugh and afterwards both went off happy .
Legalise and control - do n't drive it further underground where women who choose ( many more than forced into it ) are at risk from nutters .
Na Breithne , London
These men do not seem to be able to make the connection between themselves and trafficked women .
Their " lawful " purchase of sexual services increases the overall demand for women in the sex industry which in turn creates the demand for trafficked women .
I view the buyer of sex as the ultimate perpetrator .
Real sexual relationships are not hard to find .
There are plenty of adults of both sexes who are willing to have sex if someone treats them well , and asks .
But there lies the problem .
Some people do not want an equal , sharing relationship .
They do not want to be nice .
They do not want to ask .
They like the power involved in buying a human being who can be made to do almost anything .
Louise , London
My sister started an escort agency a few years ago as a sideline to her main job , until it 's now become her main job .
Almost all of her girls are students , looking earn a bit of extra cash .
She 's friends with all of them , to the extent she goes on holiday with some of them .
No one is exploiting them - they choose this as a way of making great money without too much risk .
She 's never came in contact with organised crime , trafficked girls or anything other than the occasional ' weirdo ' who her local police liaison officer is more than happy to hear about .
John , London
In this day and age , where pretty much anything goes and everything is accepted , on what basis is the government criminalizing prostitution ?
It is harmless business transaction between consenting adults .
Why is it criminal because money is involved when the government would completely accept it if there was no money involved ?
There do n't seem to be too many clear thinkers in government these days .
GuyInCT , USA Prostitution is never going to be stopped and frankly I do n't see anything wrong with it .
The girls that work on the streets do so to fund a drug habit the parlours and agencies wo n't employ them .
The street girls are the cheapest form of prostitution and just a very small percentage of this industry .
In every hotel every night of the week women are working as prostitues with business men .
Most of these women get paid around £ 150 an hour .
The real problem is how to we solve the rampant drug problem this country has and stop women having to work on the streets .
Helene , Bristol I would like to ask a couple of questions of men who use prostitutes : why are you interested in having sex with a woman you do n't know and with whom you have no emotional involvement ?
Furthermore , do you have no qualms whatsoever that the woman in question might be unwilling ?
That she may only be doing this for money rather than enjoyment ; or , worse , that she will be severely punished if she does n't participate ?
How does this constitute a sexually satisfying experience ?
Lucy , Suffolk I have lived in the Far East , where prostitution is not seen as anything other than a service .
It is an accepted part of the culture .
I knew many of the girls as friends and for most of these , prostitution was a means to an end - they wanted out of their situation and this gave them financial means to do that .
Personally I have never had the " need " to use the service , but I would have no moral problem if the need did arise .
This concept of the girls being exploited I think is rubbish - anybody that has to work for a living is being expoited by the owners of that company .
If you wish to look at expolitation then look at the youngsters starting out in life being paid £ 4.25 / hour ( or less ) for work that nobody else will do .
Gary , Farnborough
A lot is made of the superior morals regarding treatment and equality of women in the West over the so - called ' barbaric ' , ' misogynistic ' Islamic cultures of the east .
If the West 's idea of freedom for women is encouraging selling your body for sex then in all honesty you can keep your freedoms .
Abi , London
As was pointed out by one of your interviewees , criminalising the buying of sex will only create greater opportunities for criminals ; whilst doing nothing to increase the safety of those women who make their living within the sex trade .
The sole reason the " Swedish Model " is supposedly gaining currency in the UK is due to the fact that the public is being bombarded with propaganda ; largely based on biased studies and tabloid scare stories , rather than being provided with the facts on the issue .
In reality , all independent studies indicate that the Swedish policy has been a failure , increased dangers to sex workers and done nothing to tackle the problem of trafficking .
Glen Parry , Manchester , UK I found some of the comments quite shocking , especially the comment about demanding oral sex from a partner and not getting it .
I 'm sure most women would n't dream of visiting a prostitute when their male partner does n't satisfy their fantasies or demands .
Cheryl Evans , Oldham , Greater Manchester I 'm single , 50 , and consider myself fairly normal and attractive .
But for whatever reasons , most women I try and chat up are not in the slightest bit interested in me - or just want me as their ' friend ' .
Usually the kind of friend that pays for everything .
So I have used prostitutes several times , usually from websites , as otherwise I would not have had sex for years .
These girls are all far more gorgeous ( and youthful ) than any woman I could go out with and offer a stupendous sexual experience - with none of the payback that I have had with girlfriends in the past .
I have not got the impression that any of them have been unwilling or trafficked , but nearly all of them have been foreign .
Sad to have to do this you might think , but true .
Steve , London , UK
If these three ' gentlemen ' are so unashamed of their behaviour , why is their identity witheld .
Who are they protecting ?
Certainly not the women with whom they have relations .
Have they thought about their partners at all in this ?
H Fulton , Inverness Prostitution should be legalised so that women have rights like other workers .
Then there will be no shame in it , and people who want sex can find people who are comfortable selling it .
Our society is still plagued by outdated ideas that sex is in some way dirty and wrong , and the criminalisation of prostitution strengthens this mentality .
Tom , London
After reading this I do n't think that I 've ever felt so ashamed of being male .
Steve , Exeter
There may be an element in this article of men justifying what others think is wrong , but as a happily married woman I would prefer my husband to visit a prostitute for sex than he have an affair for sex which might ruin my marriage because of his emotial involvement with another woman .
Hilary Davies , Portsmouth
Its sad that people will always believe what they want to believe .
The idea these women are not vulnerable is so wrong .
I know a girl well ... and her background is frightening .
Abuse at a young age , leading to drugs to forget about it , and now she thinks she cannot do anything else , other than having sex for money .
Being mixed up with the drugs she can be very confused and she can be taken advantage of .
It is sad that people out there do not help women like her who need help .
Richard , Reading Sounds to me like these men have created a lot of ways to justify their actions ... I mean , the welfare system ?
Laughable .
Claire , Lincoln I must admit , I do feel that what takes place between two consenting adults , is personal and none of anyone else 's business .
Why right does the state have to interfere ?
No doubt those that would like it to interfere on this issue , would be first to call " nanny state " on a host of other issues .
Greg , London
Men paying for sex is as old as the human race .
True .
However it 's supply and demand .
If there was no demand , the supply would die off .
I support the Swedish model , stop criminalising the women .
I very much doubt that when those women first left home their highest ambition in life was to be come a prostitute .
The men in the article are making feeble excuses for what they do for pleasure .
And if it is a perfectly harmless pastime , well , they should let their wives know .
Before they give them an STD as a loving gift .
Maria , Harrogate I agree entirely with prostitution being illegal and the men being punished for it , that is not to say the women need to be somehow taken out of that life of exploitation and abuse , be it a jail sentence or a rehabilitation process .
I highly disagree with the final comment , the welfare system needs to be vastly reduced , surely all the free money given to people who havn't the drive to get a real job fuels the desire to get some tax free pay by prostituting your body .
Peter Collinson , Dundee
You ask " How do [ the men ] justify it ? " .
Why should they have to justify it ?
The majority of prostitutes are not trafficked , not violently forced into prostitution .
They do n't like the job ?
Most of us do n't like our jobs .
But , like them , we do it willingly and for the money .
And we do n't blame our customers for that .
Sandy , Reading
Do these men seriously believe that every penny they hand over goes to the women they encounter .
Money is taken from these women by pimps or " escort agency fixers " much of it being used to fund organised crime .
As for not coming across any trafficked women they are delusional if they think the women are going to tell them , these women are physically abused time and time again , they are mentally traumatised and live in terror of their abusers 24/ 7 .
Admit it , you are exactly what the press portray you as .
K , South Yorkshire Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
newswire article reposts united states 9.11 investigation | media criticism Larry Silverstein to sue Marvin Bush author : Jerry Mazza
Suing the airline security company Securacom run by the little publicized Bush family member Marvin Bush , who oversaw Dulles airport security , Boston Logan and the WTC complex itself .
This is a complete media blackout of epic proportions .
" Lucky " Larry Marvin shying from the camera Lucky Larry wants $ 12.3 billion more for 9/11
Jerry Mazza
Online Journal
April 3 , 2008
Like the proverbial bad penny , Lucky Larry Silverstein keeps popping up .
He 's back and he 's bad again .
Not content with the nearly $ 4.6 billion in insurance payments he received to cover his losses at the World Trade Center , he is now seeking $ 12.3 billion in damages from the airlines and airport security companies for the 9/11 attack in a suit filed in 2004 .
Not tainted enough by the fact that Silverstein & Partners took out a lease for 99 years in July of 2001 on the WTC , two months before the attack . . . not content Larry & Partners upped the insurance at that time to $ 3.5 billion and ( presciently ) to cover potential hits by airliners flown by " terrorist hijackers " . . .
Not content that Silverstein & Partners subsequently sued the insurers for $ 7 billion , considering the attack a double strike because separate liners hit Towers One and Two .
Not content that Larry spent the next six years in litigation with the insurance companies , only to have the deal fortunately settled , brokered by then Governor Spitzer in 2007 , yielding $ 4.55 to Lucky Larry and Partners . . .
Not content either that his personal stake in the lease was only some $ 14 million , the balance supplied by his partners .
Not content that he made another $ 500 million on the destruction of his Tower 7 , which he owned and quickly rebuilt bigger and better .
Not content that no liner hit Tower 7 and that the fires were out , he announced at 3:30 p.m. on 9/11 that there had been so much pain and suffering that he and the NYFD decided to " pull it "  Tower 7 . . .
Not content that in fact at 5 p , m , , not even two hours later . . .
Tower 7 went down at the freefall speed of gravity in a matter of seconds neatly into its own footprint , a classic " internal demolition . "
Not content that you can't set up an internal demolition on a 47 - story steel - framed building in less than two hours or two days , or even two weeks .
Not content that his " smoking gun " has attracted the attention of every 9/11 critic around the world . . .
Not content that the BBC made an incredible gaffe as a TV journo of theirs , supposedly in New York , reported that Tower 7 had fallen , that is , 26 minutes before it actually fell and with a News24 " time stamp " video to prove it .
Not content that even Google had to pull the video . . .
Larry Silverstein , the Oliver Twist of 9/11 disaster , is back , asking for more , sir , more please .
Incredible !
What colossal chutzpah !
But hey , Larry 's got reasons ; boy , does he have reasons .
His lawyers aired them in the United States Southeastern District Court in Manhattan , the same court in which the 9/11 victims families have been plaintiffs for cases to sue the airlines and security companies , and by the way , where 90 families have been turned down for lawsuits and only two remain who have n't taken the money and shut up , and where Ellen Mariani has been consistently turned down and continues to be . . .
Yet , Larry 's lawyers have come to ask the wonderful Judge Hellerstein for more , the same Hellerstein who asked all the families to take the money and " move on " and told them that " money was the universal lubricant . . . "
What goes around comes around .
By the way , the total claims involved come to about $ 23 billion .
Silverstein's chunk could endanger claims from other businesses and property owners , defense lawyers say .
Why , Donald Migliori himself , the lawyer for the victims ' families , said he was confident " that their claims would not be affected because they would take priority over the property claims , " as reported by the New York Times .
So they wo n't be taking food from widows ' and children 's mouths to feed Larry , not this week at least .
Nevertheless , Desmond Barry , a lawyer for the airlines , said that if Lucky Larry won his claims , " He could push the total claims beyond the amount of insurance that the airlines and security companies have available .
' There ain't that much insurance , ' Mr. Barry said . "
Silverstein 's laundry list for the $ 12.3 billion goes like this , " $ 8.4 billion for the replacement of destroyed buildings and $ 3.9 billion in ' other costs , ' including $ 100 million a year in rent to the Port authority and $ 300 million a year in lost rental income , as well as the cost of marketing and leasing the new buildings . "
Mr. Barry , the Times tells us , reminded Silverstein 's folks that he " had been more than compensated by the nearly $ 4.6 billion insurance settlement , reached after almost six years of litigation .
He argued that Mr. S. was entitled to the market value of the property , which he said had been established by the $ 3.2 billion . "
Judge Hellerstein was skeptical about Mr. Silverstein 's claim , and asked why he had n't sucked up his losses by just " walking away . "
Hellerstein asked , " What 's the nature of your recovery , " to which Larry 's lawyer , Mr. Williamson , answered , " For damages suffered by the events of 9/11 , not value .
Damages . "
He claimed the lease required Silverstein to rebuild and keep on paying rent .
Hellerstein retorted , " And so I 'm putting to you if you walked away from the lease , you would lose the value of the lease . . .
Would you have a further obligation to pay money ? "
Williamson answered , " You have to examine that question . . .
But to me that 's not the test of what are our damages . "
When Hellerstein pressed for a dollar figure on damages , not the " precise amount , " i.e. , " some order of magnitude would be appropriate , " Williamson balked .
Barry said , " I think their claim is $ 12.3 billion . "
Williamson added , " Plus prejudgment interest , " To which Hellerstein " tartly replied , ' We should n't forget that . ' "
They wo n't let you , Alvin .
Plaintiffs ' lawyers added that even after many settlements , there are seven wrongful death and two injury cases remaining from the more than 90 filed .
Migliori , the victims ' survivors ' lawyer , felt that the claims with property damage , including Lucky Larry and some insurance company looking to recoup payments , should allow the death and injury cases priority of payment of damages .
Fair enough .
Judge Hellerstein passed on setting a trial date .
He said that would be " fictitious , " yet set a deadline for fact - finding for Silverstein to offer more documentation of his claim  or risk losing it .
Any trials , by the way , seem to be more than a year away .
The real caveat here is that to win a case of that size for damages , Silverstein would have to go to court for discovery .
Meaning his lawyers could bring in every fireman who heard a blast , Silverstein himself for his " pull " remark , and even Hizzoner Rudy Giuliani for saying that morning , at 9:15 to ABC 's Peter Jennings , on the street that someone told him the towers were coming down .
In short , you could grill ass like the devil until you found out what really happened .
Bottom line , Larry could get a billion dollar bone thrown at him , a take - the - money and - shut - up bone .
Or Larry could end up in cement shoes , for real or legally .
After all , Larry knew , going into the lease purchase that the Towers were asbestos - laden bombs , the first 60 floors sprayed with the building material when built from 1968 to ' 72 .
And they were supposed to be taken down eventually , according to a 1971 New York Council ban on asbestos .
Obviously , the buildings could n't be legally taken down by explosion or implosion .
They would have to be taken down piece by piece .
The cost would be in the billions by today 's standards .
But there was another way to take them down , was n't there ?
contribute to this article add comment to discussion view discussion from this article
If you think everything that could have been written about the iPhone already has been written , prepare to be surprised .
One vital aspect of Apple 's strategy has been overlooked - with multi-billion consequences for complacent network operators .
Over at Telco 2.0 , the blog of analysts STL Partners , we learn that networks who partner with Apple must install Apple gear at the data centre to support its services - specifically , the Push Notification service that wakes up the Jesus Phone .
Forget the revenues from sales of extra server gear - the key point is that Apple now sits in the middle of the data stream , capturing the customer 's data .
The analyst outfit describes the iPhone as a potential " poison " for the networks .
STL wrote this week :
" Apple can data mine the application message stream — and it ’s been a telco ’s dream for years to mediate such flows . "
Nokia sell two out of every five mobile phones in the world , and they 've ruled the roost for a decade now .
But they 've failed to convert that market clout into mobile data revenue - for themselves , or the operators .
When you discount application - specific services such as RIM's Blackberry Connect and new music services such as Omnifone 's MusicStation , mobile data use is negligible .
Because the iPhone makes mobile browsing more of a pleasure than a pain , for the first time , this is changing .
And because de facto standards are defined where the people are , this means Apple , not one of the traditional incumbents , could call the shots .
Or as the STL boys put it :
" ... it does n’t take massive market share ( stimulated by the new low price point ) for the iPhone to de facto become the mobile web . "
So , sorry , Nokia and Microsoft - you may have turned out to be the Osborne and the Altair of the 21st Century .
And bang go the commercial prospects of turning the bitstream into money :
" You do n’t have to be too bright to realise that one of the most likely things to be pushed to a phone in future is an advert , mediated again by Apple , " they add .
STL tempers this possibility with the very sensible point that the iPhone has may have limited it appeal .
Apple has yet to prove it can break out of the niche in which it reigns supreme .
Indeed the biggest threat to mass market adoption of the iPhone may yet be Apple itself , by refusing to add a numeric keyboard or hard - QWERTY keyboard .
But if there 's growth at the high - end , it will reaped by Apple , with its superior , easier to use technology which is now sensibly priced .
Yet the mere prospect of Apple sitting in the middle of their network , capturing customer data must make a mobile operator 's blood run cold .
They 're unlike to accept a cuckoo in the nest - but who can help them ?
Alas , the operators ' strongest potential ally has decided to have a mid-life crisis .
That 's Nokia , of course , which is in a stronger position than ever after acquiring most of Siemens ' COM division in 2006 .
Nokia can help with both back - end and devices , but it 's decided that it , too , wants to shaft the operators .
It 's splurging on services such as music and maps that cut revenue opportunities for the networks .
As STL wrote last year in an excellent summary :
" The way Ovi has been positioned at its announcement could prove to be a mistake .
It will confound Nokia ’s efforts to address and bring to market answers the most important unmet user needs .
Ovi annoys Nokia ’s most important go - to - market partners for any new and better personal communications services . "
Just when you need a friend ... ®
Treasury yields are screaming lower .
And although the stock market made a significant correction yesterday , the yield curve is still showing signs of extreme credit dislocations .
Curve Watcher ’s Anonymous is noting something unusual today .
Let 's take a look .
click on chart for sharper image
Note that treasuries are staging a big rally on the front end and back end while selling off slightly in the middle .
Somewhere there is a big duration mismatch .
Alternatively there is a mad scramble by players wanting to get in on the deflation trade .
The second thing noteworthy is yields on T - Bills .
Prior attempts at this level have not held , but should we close here ( and it is by no means certain ) , this will be the lowest close ever at the short end of the curve .
Note :
In the brief time that it took to finish the post , yields are now headed lower across the board but the very long end and very short end are still outperforming the middle of the curve .
3 - month T - Bill yields are at .61 % and falling .
For more implications on excessively low short term yields please see Negative Yields On Treasury Funds .
This could be premature , but efforts to increase liquidity seem to be failing already .
Let 's recap actions to date .
Recap Of Fed Sponsored Facilities
The TAF ( Term Auction Facility ) failed to restore liquidity .
The TSLF ( Term Securities Lending Facility ) failed to restore liquidity .
See The Fed 's Swap Meet for more on the TSLF .
The PDCF ( Primary Dealer Credit Facility ) will be the next " facility " to fail .
See Fed Fails To Halt Debt Meltdown for more on the PDCF .
Treasuries Are Safer Than Cash
Deflationists do n't generally believe in buying gold , because they believe cash is king
How Cash Can Lose In Deflation
Cash may be worth less in term of other currencies .
Cash may be worth less in terms of gold .
Cash ( above the FDIC limit ) can be defaulted on .
eventually
To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
HERMITAGE , Pa. ( AP ) 
Police have linked the large - scale theft of diesel fuel from a western Pennsylvania convenience store to a specially equipped pickup trailer with a trap door and a vacuum hose .
No one has been charged , but the truck and trailer were found on the property of a man who owns a small asphalt and trucking company in Ohio , police said .
NEW MOVE : Thieves drilling into gas tanks to steal ' liquid gold '
" It 's a very ingenious way of doing things and I 've never seen anything like this , " said Hermitage Deputy Police Chief Edward Holiga .
Holiga said his department is investigating whether the truck is linked to at least three thefts since 2005 .
In the latest , about $ 4,500 worth of diesel fuel was reported stolen April 28 from the underground tanks of the Tic Toc Food Mart in Hermitage .
Police issued a surveillance photo of the pickup and trailer believed to be involved in the thefts and received a tip that led them to a property in North Bloomfield , Ohio , about 30 miles northwest of Hermitage .
Police spotted the truck and trailer on the property Tuesday and obtained a search warrant that was executed Wednesday .
The trailer contained a straw wall that concealed a wooden partition .
The partition hid a siphoning mechanism and an empty 15 - foot long propane tank .
Police believe someone inside the trailer would siphon diesel fuel from underground tanks at fuel stations by lowering a hose through the trap door and using the pickup 's engine to power a vacuum that drew the fuel into the tank , Holiga said .
Police also found several storage tanks on the Ohio property , including a 5,000 - gallon tank containing about 500 gallons of diesel fuel .
Holiga said police in Ohio are investigating at least one theft there , too .
Because police are continuing to investigate the thefts , Holiga said he does n't expect his detectives to file charges until next week .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Click to viewNetflix 's first streaming box is finally here and it's pretty damn brilliant of a setup .
First of all , the box is 99 bucks , and designed by Roku .
It 's fanless and quiet ; has HDMI and optical outputs ; and is about the size of five CD cases stacked together .
Any Netflix disc mailing plan over $ 9 gets you unlimited streaming of almost 10,000 titles .
Unlimited ! 10 K titles !
Take that Apple TV and Vudu !
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Install
You boot up the box , set the network to wireless or Ethernet connectivity .
You get a five digit code , head over to netflix.com / activate using a browser on a PC or other device , log into your Netflix account and enter the code .
The Roku box gets your queue and the movie / show cover art .
There are HDMI and optical connections on top of the standard video outs , but those cables are not included .
Advertisement
Using
The box itself does n't have menus .
No , instead , you use Netflix 's brilliant website to load up your queue .
You just use the remote to scan through your instant viewing queue ( now separate from the disc queue ) select a movie and play .
It starts streaming .
( Remember , there 's no download / purchase program here and the device has no HDD , just 64 MB of buffer . )
The box is completely quiet , again , due to its fanless design .
Movies stream in at different VC - 1 bitrates of 500kbps , 1 Mbps , 1.6 Mbps and 2.2 Mbps , depending on connection speed .
Quality is not great , even at 2.2 Mbps , but I 'm happy enough considering viewing is instantaneous .
Note : Unlike Apple TV , scrolling between cover art is not done in an animated way .
HDMI res is 480 p , while all the other outputs are 480i .
Fast forwarding is handled by key - framing movie content every 10 seconds , so you can FF to parts of the movie that have n't been downloaded yet , at three speeds .
Once you hit play , the movie buffers for a few seconds and resumes .
Speaking of resuming , the player itself does remember where you left off last in a movie and will continue playing from that point .
One nice touch :
You can score movies from the movie detail page .
One bad thing :
You can't search the Netflix website specifically for instant titles .
Choices
While appearing to have double the collection of Apple TV or Vudu , what do you get in Netflix 's 10,000 movie collection ?
Basically , you get a lot of back catalog ( classic movies ) and a lot of TV shows ( unheard of in rental situations ! ) right as they hit the market .
But you do n't get the same blockbusters on day one release that you 'd get from Apple TV or Vudu .
That makes the Netflix box and disc system a great supplement to those systems , which seem to specialize in new releases .
( Kudos to Saul from the NYTimes for discovering this initially . )
The business model behind a flat rate unlimited streaming system is unheard of .
Sure , they 're taking a lot of older content , which is inherently cheaper .
But think of it this way :
For a nine - dollar - a - month account , you can hold off on buying older DVDs or watching TV shows .
A box set of Ghost in the Shell or 30 Rock costs over 50 bucks on DVD or by renting individual downloads , but you can stream many of these episodes for nine bucks a month .
Buying the Karate Kid , an old movie not on many download services , costs a few bucks on DVD , but I can just watch it whenever I want as long as I 'm a Netflix customer .
( And consider that the number of great back catalog titles like that will probably outpace new releases you 'd find on Vudu or Apple TV . )
It 's basically the same as Netflix 's current model , but instead of being limited by the postal service , you 're limited by your spare time and interest in older titles .
( And do n't forget Netflix 's disc - by - mail service , which still covers new titles . )
Advertisement
The Future
Netflix is planning HD streaming , and this box will support it .
When Netflix gets HD streaming content , they 'll update the box by firmware to support HD resolutions at higher bitrates of 4 - 6 mbps , including 5.1 surround ( everything is stereo now ) .
The menus will also be upgraded to HD res , too .
In the future , the Roku - branded box will be upgraded to accept non-Netflix content , too .
( And btw , the update on the Mac client situation is that they 're just trying to sort out the DRM issues , or lack of a suitable system they can stream to Macs on . )
The box will be sold on Roku 's website directly .
Worth buying if you 're a Netflix customer ( or thinking of becoming a Netflix customer ) and can find enough titles for Instant Viewing on their site .
[ Roku and Netflix ]
NETFLIX TEAMS WITH STREAMING MEDIA INNOVATOR ROKU ON PLAYER
THAT INSTANTLY STREAMS
MOVIES FROM NETFLIX DIRECTLY TO THE TV
Priced at Just $ 99.99 and Available Starting Today ,
The Netflix Player by Roku™ is Compact ,
Easy to Set Up and Intuitive to Use
LOS GATOS and SARATOGA , Calif. , May 20 , 2008 - Netflix , Inc. ( Nasdaq : NFLX ) , the world 's
largest online movie rental service , and Roku , Inc. , an innovator in digital media streaming
technology , today announced the introduction of The Netflix Player by Roku™ , a device that
enables Netflix subscribers to instantly stream a growing library of movies and TV episodes from
Netflix directly to the TV .
Priced at just $ 99.99 , the player is available for purchase starting today at
www.roku.com/netflixplayer.
The player is simple to install , easy to use and gives Netflix members instant access to more than
10,000 movies and TV episodes .
" We 're excited to bring the first Netflix ready device to the market , " said Anthony Wood , CEO and
founder of Roku .
" The seamless integration of the Netflix service into our player has resulted in
true ease of use for the consumer .
Now , streaming video is n't limited to people sitting in front of
the PC ; it 's ready for the TV in the living room . "
" The key breakthroughs of The Netflix Player by Roku are simplicity and cost , " said Reed Hastings ,
chairman and CEO of Netflix .
" First , it allows consumers to use the full power of the Netflix Web
site to choose movies for their instant Queue , and then automatically displays only those choices
on the TV screen .
That 's a major improvement versus the clutter of trying to choose from 10,000
films on the TV .
Second , there are no
- more -
2-2-2-2-2-2
extra charges and no viewing restrictions .
For a one - time purchase of $ 99 , Netflix members can
watch as much as they want and as often as they want without paying more or impacting the
number of DVDs they receive . "
About The Netflix Player by Roku
The Netflix Player by Roku is surprisingly compact - roughly the size of a paperback book - and
can integrate easily into any home entertainment system .
All it takes is connecting the player to a
TV and to the Internet .
For homes with wireless Internet connectivity , the player is Wi-Fi enabled
and offers the ultimate in placement flexibility .
From the Netflix Web site , members simply add movies and TV episodes to their individual instant
Queues , and those choices are then displayed on the TV and available to watch instantly .
With
the player 's accompanying remote control , members can browse and make selections right on
the TV screen and also have the ability to read synopses and rate movies .
In addition , they have
the option of fast - forwarding and rewinding the video stream via the remote .
In all , the Queue -
based user interface creates a highly personalized experience that puts members in control .
Additional features of the product include optimization of the Netflix video streaming technology ,
which eliminates the need for a hard disk drive associated with video downloads , and built - in
connectivity for automatic software upgrades , which will keep the device current with service
enhancements .
Technical Details
In the Box
• The Netflix Player by Roku set - top box ( approximately 5 " W x 5 " D x 2 " H )
• Remote control ( including 2 AAA batteries )
• A/V Cable ( Yellow / Red / White RCA )
• Power Adapter
• Getting Started Guide
- more -
3-3-3-3-3
Video and Audio Connections
• HDMI
• Component Video
• S- Video
• Composite Video
• Digital Optical Audio
• Analog Stereo Audio
Network Connections
• Wired Ethernet
• Wi-Fi ( 802.11 b/g )
A cyst which grew on the same area of his back in 2002 was found to have malignant cells and the cancer continued to spread until , in June 2004 , it was found in his liver .
He underwent various chemical and surgical treatments , but none was found to stop the spread of cancer .
The Dream Gap Project Fund
To continue the brand ’s ongoing global initiative to # CloseTheDreamGap , Barbie donated $ 1 from every doll sold * in the U.S. during our 60th celebration to the Barbie Dream Gap Project Fund .
Nothing about Shelagh Rogers ' distinctively sunny voice sounds like depression .
But , for a long time , the CBC radio host of Sounds Like Canada has suffered bouts of what she describes as " sliding into caves of emptiness . "
She 'd just tell herself to buck up .
Then , in 2003 , off work to deal with high blood pressure , she fell more deeply depressed and even lost her voice .
" It tends to hit you where you live , " she says .
" I was terrified I 'd never go back to work . "
Diagnosed with clinical depression , she went on medication and returned to radio .
Now , weaned off drugs , she talks with a counsellor , tries to get eight hours of sleep a night and can recognize when symptoms first creep in , " like a low front . "
At the end of this month , Rogers , 52 , is leaving Sounds Like Canada to lessen her stress and develop other projects .
She has become an advocate for mental health issues , as a guest on radio shows and host of discussions .
" If this convinces one person to get help , " she says , " that would be marvellous . "
On Thursday , she and five others who have battled addiction or mental illness will receive Transforming Lives awards from the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health .
The awards ( previously named The Courage to Come Back ) go to those who have used their experience to help others or to people who have contributed to advances in mental health .
One recipient is former senator Michael Kirby , head of the newly minted Mental Health Commission of Canada .
He 's working to change public attitudes so mental illness is as acknowledged as breast cancer , a disease once not openly discussed .
That 's one reason for the awards , to tell those stories of hard - won recovery .
" They strike a substantial blow against the stigma surrounding mental illnesses and addiction , " says CAMH senior medical adviser David Goldbloom .
Here are the stories of the other winners :
In his youth , it was booze and pot .
In his 20s , cocaine , then crack .
And nobody close to him guessed that Andrew Galloway , a successful entrepreneur who started three companies , was a drug addict .
" I always thought I could handle it , " says Galloway , " and then it took my soul . "
Eventually , he found himself unemployed , financially strapped , lying on his bed crying , sure he was going to die .
He 'd collapsed a couple of times from the cocaine use .
" I yelled at God to end it for me , to put me out of my misery , " he says .
But God did n't .
Galloway woke up the next morning and realized he had to take action .
He told his parents and sister the truth and went into treatment .
His story is a happy one – he has gone seven years without alcohol or drugs , is married and the father of a toddler , and works as a substance abuse counsellor in Toronto .
Clara Locey was 15 and at summer school when she met the friends who introduced her to drugs and raves .
" I fell in love with the music scene , " says Locey , now 23 .
" I was very young and had no self - esteem . "
All in one year , she had a drug dealer boyfriend , progressed from ecstasy to crystal meth , dropped out of school , got beaten up and was sexually assaulted .
After that , she sought drug treatment .
Now a top student majoring in sociology at York University , she speaks to youth about her experiences .
" I learned what it means to respect yourself , " she says .
At age 21 , Montreal Canadiens draft pick Graeme Bonar suffered a badly injured ankle and was told his career was over .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
He refused to believe it , spending several years bouncing around the minors , turning to alcohol , drugs and sex .
" I became dependent on anything that would give me instant gratification , " says Bonar .
Finally , at age 31 , he went into treatment .
His first day out , he relapsed .
That terrified him .
He 's now been sober for 12 years , works as an addictions clinician in Guelph and speaks about his experience to groups .
Recovery , he says , is the toughest thing he 's ever done .
" You have to rip the tree out by the trunk .
You learn to live all over again . "
For six years , Earla Dunbar 's fears kept her housebound .
She depended on her husband to shop .
She 'd venture out to the garden , then scurry in if she saw a neighbour .
She was often afraid to use the phone and would n't answer the door .
She did , however , see a medical doctor and , gradually , talked a bit about her behaviour .
" Something in me wanted to start living , " says Dunbar , who had suffered panic attacks even as a child .
She was sent to a CAMH psychiatrist , whom she credits with saving her life .
" He gave me hope from the first day I saw him . "
Diagnosed with social phobia , panic disorder , agoraphobia and depression , she started on medication and cognitive behaviour therapy .
That included leaving the house every day and keeping a record of her thoughts .
She also had to volunteer at a seniors centre .
With encouragement from her psychiatrist , she founded a social phobia support group in 2001 that now boasts more than 100 members .
She leads the group 's weekly meetings at CAMH .
Dunbar , 54 , is also a committee chair for the Anxiety Disorders Association of Canada .
" No one should have to live in pain and suffer the way I did , " she says .
Alex Troeger , 50 , is clear about what has helped him cope : volunteering .
" The more I give back , the more I gain in my own recovery , " says Troeger , diagnosed with schizophrenia at 21 .
He 's president of the board of directors of a psychiatric survivors ' self - help group in Waterloo and frequently gives speeches on mental health issues .
Over the years , he has volunteered for the Waterloo Initiative for Supportive Housing , run bingos , been the emcee at a walk for schizophrenia .
" It gives me self - confidence and something to do so I do n't get bored and depressed , " he says .
If any moment could last foever let it be this one .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Corrected on 5/9/08 : An earlier version of this story misspelled the name of Bruce Mirken .
Today the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy sent out a clear message on teen pot use and depression :
They 're a bad combination .
Issuing a report that analyzes around a dozen studies about marijuana use and mental health , the policy office warned that teens who use marijuana to " self - medicate " may worsen their underlying depression or other mental health issues .
The intention of the report , says John Walters , director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy , is to " try to correct two misunderstandings :
That teen depression is not a problem and that teen marijuana use is not a problem — marijuana use is not safe . "
He advises parents to talk to their kids ' pediatrician if they see signs of depression and suspect drug use .
The report , entitled " Teen Marijuana Use Worsens Depression : An Analysis of Recent Data Shows ' Self - Medicating ' Could Actually Make Thing Worse , " cites statistics to support its warning message , but experts are quick to note that it should be interpreted with caution .
For example , the report 's statement , " One 16 - year study showed that individuals who were not depressed and then used marijuana were four times more likely to be depressed at follow - up , " suggests marijuana might cause depression .
That data from a 2001 study in the American Journal of Psychiatry was only statistically meaningful after the researchers adjusted for variables including age , gender , and antisocial symptoms , suggesting a weaker relationship between depression and marijuana before adjustments were made .
The study also showed that those who were not depressed when first surveyed and then used opioids were 228 times more likely to be depressed at follow - up — without any adjustments .
That statistic was not mentioned in the Drug Control Policy 's report today .
" Adolescent marijuana use may be a factor that triggers psychosis , depression , and other mental illness , " says Walters , acknowledging that " research about causality is still ongoing . "
Policy groups on the other side of the aisle believe the report is misleading .
" We agree that kids should n't smoke marijuana , but we simply have to be honest to teens and parents .
This report [ is ] deliberately confusing correlation with causation , " says Bruce Mirken , director of communications at The Marijuana Project , a Washington - based group that aims to remove criminal penalties for marijuana use and make medical marijuana available to seriously ill patients with doctor 's approval .
" This very week the British government 's official scientific advisors on illegal drugs issued a report saying they are ' unconvinced that there is a causal relationship between the use of cannabis and any affective disorder , ' such as depression . "
Mirken takes issue with the lack of warning about alcohol 's relationship to depression .
" Data linking alcohol to depression is much stronger and alcohol use by teens is greater than marijuana use , " he notes .
To be sure , experts believe marijuana carries risk , especially in the subset of teens who are more susceptible to substance abuse and mental health problems due to genetic makeup or environmental factors .
" Among treatment populations [ in ] youth with substance abuse , there 's a pretty high rate of clinical depression , " says Oscar Bukstein , associate professor of psychiatry at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine ; " many kids get high not to stay low . "
Perhaps most important , those people with co-existing substance abuse and a mental health disorder have worse outcomes than those with either problem alone , he adds .
For perspective , Bukstein notes that research has shown 1 in 10 kids who smoke marijuana go on to develop dependence , and about 1 in 10 kids who become dependent on marijuana have psychotic symptoms .
The bottom line , says Bukstein , is that mental illness and substance abuse very often go hand - in - hand .
Parents who spot signs of depression should have their child professionally assessed for mental health issues , he says , and also for substance abuse — and the reverse is also true .
As part of their development , kids are curious ( see our previous story on teens ' questions about drugs , addiction , alcohol and the like ) .
To lower the likelihood of experimentation with pot , he advises parents to :
Always monitor and supervise .
Know where your kids are going and with whom .
Set limits .
Be sure they 're not hanging out in homes where no adults are present .
Be consistent .
Discipline works only when it 's reinforced .
Seek professional help .
If you have a hunch something 's wrong , you 're probably right .
By Angela Hind
BBC Radio 4's Jatropha , the Wonder Plant
There is a bush which has grown across the Americas , Africa and Asia for centuries .
Could jatropha solve India 's energy problems ?
( All pictures copyright D1 Oils plc )
It has been used to make soap and candles , or as a remedy for constipation , high fevers and even malaria .
It is also highly toxic .
Just four seeds from its plum - sized fruit is enough to kill , while the milky sap from its bark can stain the skin and irritate it for days .
But the wild jatropha bush - spread across the world from Central America by Portuguese settlers in the 16th century - is now being seen as one solution to the world 's desperate search for new sources of energy .
Energy giant BP has just announced it is investing almost £ 32 m in a jatropha joint venture with UK biofuels firm D1 Oils .
Diesel plans
India is leading the way when it comes to cultivating jatropha on an industrial scale .
" There is no doubt about it , " says Sanju Khan , a site manager for D1 Oils .
" Those who are working with jatropha , are working with the new generation crop , developing a crop from a wild plant - which is hugely exciting . "
Although Indians have known about jatropha's more day - to - day uses , and its dangers , for years , the interest now is in its potential to transform the lives of millions of poverty - stricken farmers who are struggling to survive .
The key is in growing jatropha to be used as a biofuel .
Once dried out and crushed , these poisonous seeds yield oil which can be burned in almost any diesel engine - with no modification .
Growing anywhere
With the impacts of global warming becoming ever more apparent , countries all over the world are seeking out alternatives to fossil fuels .
The seeds are poisonous - but with rich energy potential
Biofuel plants like jatropha absorb carbon - dioxide while they are growing , effectively cancelling out the carbon dioxide they release when they burn .
What 's more , they could allow developing countries like India - where more than a million new cars were sold last year - to be self - sufficient rather than depending on oil and gas imports in a politically unstable world .
India invests more than $ 300 m a year in researching biofuels - more than many developed nations .
- and Jatropha is just one of a number of possible biofuel plants .
But the bush 's attraction lies in the fact that it can grow anywhere , even in the poorest soil , needs very little water to survive and will yield seeds for more than half a century .
Even jatropha's keenest supporters acknowledge that there remains much work to be done to find out which varieties of jatropha will thrive best in a whole range of climatic conditions .
But the most optimistic assessments suggest that one day , as much as half India 's 63 million hectares of wasteland could be suitable for the plant .
Export hopes
Already in India , 11 million hectares have been earmarked for jatropha growing .
Some see a danger that in a country where subsistence farming - growing food to eat - is still a widespread activity , jatropha could replace much - needed food crops , turning India into a monoculture .
The Indian government believes not .
Its plans call for cutting down conventional diesel use over the next six years by blending the fuel with 13 million tonnes of biodiesel .
That would be enough to power half a million cars to drive the length of India .
With jatropha , officials believe that might be possible .
Jatropha 's proponents say its oil can easily be blended with diesel
Moreover , it might help India become a leading world producer of biodiesel - although that would depend on whether India 's farmers could grow enough for both domestic use and for export .
Ambitions
Jatropha 's proponents have no doubt that the potential is there .
The European Union , for instance , wants 5 % of all fuel sold for use in transport to be biofuels by the end of this decade .
D1 Oils chairman Lord Oxburgh believes that jatropha will be part of this .
When does he think we will be using jatropha biodiesel in our cars ?
" In two years , " he says - just in time to meet the EU 's target .
Jatropha the wonder plant is on BBC Radio 4 at 2100 BST on Monday 9 July , then online for seven days at Radio 4 's Listen again page .
The Supreme Court yesterday ruled that states can require voters to show photo identification at the polls , delivering a win to Republicans who pushed for an identification law in Indiana and greenlighting other states to follow suit .
In a 6 - 3 ruling , the justices upheld Indiana ’s law , which has been called the strictest in the nation , saying that stopping the danger of voter fraud trumps the burden placed on elderly , minority and poor voters by requiring identification .
“ We cannot conclude that the statute imposes ‘ excessively burdensome requirements ’ on any class of voters , ” Justice John Paul Stevens wrote in the controlling opinion , joined by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justice Anthony M. Kennedy .
The court was weighing in on what has been a little - noticed but bitter struggle between Democrats and Republicans over fraud and voters ’ access to the voting booth .
In recent years , Arizona and Georgia also have enacted identification laws , and yesterday ’s ruling will likely push other states to follow suit .
“ It will give new impetus to our effort to have a moderate voter ID law , ” Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour told The Washington Times yesterday .
Mr. Barbour , a Republican , has so far been unable to get the Mississippi Legislature to pass such a law .
Elections analysts said they expect other states with Republican legislative majorities or new Republican governors to consider their own laws .
Voting rights groups and Democrats were outraged by the ruling , though with liberal stalwart Justice Stevens writing the controlling opinion , they were hard - pressed to blame partisanship .
Sen. Edward M. Kennedy , Massachusetts Democrat , said the “ silver lining ” was that the court left open the door for challenges , but only if plaintiffs could find actual instances of voters being disenfranchised .
He urged voters to try to spot and report any perceived problems this year .
“ Congress and the states must be vigilant to ensure that today ’s divided ruling is not exploited for partisan purposes in this election year , ” Mr. Kennedy said .
Republicans generally have favored tighter fraud controls , and both the Republican National Committee and the White House praised the court ’s ruling .
Democrats , meanwhile , have said rules are too tight , and have fought to expand ballot access through same - day registration and re-enfranchising felons .
In yesterday ’s case , Crawford v. Marion County Election Board , the justices all agreed states should try to limit voter fraud , and should be given leeway in conducting their elections .
The key issue was how much of a burden showing photo identification really is .
“ I believe the statute is unconstitutional because it imposes a disproportionate burden upon those eligible voters who lack a driver ’s license or other statutorily valid form of photo ID , ” Justice Stephen G. Breyer said , dissenting .
Justice David H. Souter wrote a separate dissent , joined by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg .
But three other justices said identification is not a hindrance .
“ The burden of acquiring , possessing , and showing a free photo identification is simply not severe , because it does not ‘ even represent a significant increase over the usual burdens of voting , ’ ” Justice Antonin Scalia wrote , joined by Justices Samuel A. Alito Jr. and Clarence Thomas .
Indiana ’s law requires voters to show photo identification or , lacking that , visit election officials within 10 days of the election to file an affidavit affirming their identity .
The law already had been upheld at the district and appeals court levels .
At trial , the state did n’t produce much evidence of a problem from in - person voter fraud , but the law ’s Democratic opponents did n’t prove that showing identification was much of a burden , either .
A Fox 5 / The Washington Times / Rasmussen Reports poll earlier this year found an overwhelming majority of voters see nothing wrong with showing identification at the polls .
Support was strong across both party and racial lines .
The court yesterday paid particular attention to the 2005 report from the commission on election reform led by former President Jimmy Carter and former Republican administration official James A. Baker III .
Mark F. “ Thor ” Hearne , an elections lawyer who was a staffer for the commission , said the court was giving a road map to states for how to go forward : “ Go out there , read the Carter - Baker report , look at those kinds of recommendations from a bipartisan , best - practices group , adopt those , and we will not overturn those . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The New York Times ran a fantastic front page article yesterday entitled " In Matters Big and Small , Crossing Giuliani Had Price " that goes into great detail about Giuliani 's tenure as mayor and his frightening authoritarian streak .
Would you believe St. Rudy of 9/11 had a man who complained about a questionable speed trap arrested on a 13 year old traffic - ticket warrant after he went to The Daily News with the story ?
That really should n't surprise you at this point , but I did learn a lot about this frankly terrifying candidate I did n't know .
Orangutan 's comment from the other day ( in which he quotes a 1994 Giuliani speech on crime ) pretty much says it all :
“ Freedom is about authority .
Freedom is about the willingness of every single human being to cede to lawful authority a great deal of discretion about what you do . ”
Paging Mr.Orwell . Mr. Orwell .
In my humble opinion , Rudy Giuliani is by far the most extremist and dangerous of the Republican candidates that could succeed George W. Bush .
Former NYC mayor Ed Koch wrote a book some years back titled " Giuliani : Nasty Man " that chronicles all the extremism to come out of City Hall during the 1990's .
Truly scary stuff .
Peak Coal as Early as 2025
April 24th , 2008 by Sarah Lozanova
With dwindling fossil fuel supplies , coal has been viewed as the energy source of last resort .
This outlook is changing as estimated global coal supplies seem to have been severely inflated .
Is coal ’s future in doubt ?
Many experts are saying yes .
Professor David Rutledge of CalTech believes that world coal reserves are grossly overstated and could be substantially exhausted this century .
This is in stark contrast to earlier forecasts .
Coal Reserves Inflated
In the last 20 years , official coal reserves have fallen by 170 billion tons .
To put this number in perspective , global coal consumption in 2007 was 6 billion tons .
Reserves figures are dropping far more quickly than actual extraction .
The European Commission ’s Institute for Energy in 2000 estimated global supplies of coal to last 277 years .
In 2007 , that number was lowered to 155 years .
This forecast may sound like plenty of time to adjust to meeting our energy needs in from other sources , but how accurate are these numbers really ?
The National Academy of Sciences Report on Coal , from June 2007 is n’t very encouraging .
“ Present estimates of coal reserves are based upon methods that have not been reviewed or revised since their inception in 1974 , and much of the input data were compiled in the early 1970’s .
Recent programs to assess reserves in limited areas using updated methods indicate that only a small fraction of previously estimated reserves are actually minable reserves . ”
To make matters worse , some countries , such as Vietnam and China have not changed their official reserves figures for decades .
This seems suspicious because billions of tons of coal have been mined during this period .
New Coal Discoveries Unlikely
While oil lurks below the surface and can be hard to detect , coal fields can be identified by outcrops .
This means that the locations of coal reserves are known and new coal discoveries are unlikely .
Coal Reserves and Policy
A 2007 report issued by Energy Watch anticipates global coal reserves to peak as soon as 2025 .
Policy - makers have been using forecasts issued by the International Energy Agency , which relies on official reserves figures .
It is certainly hard to create effective policy when reserve estimates vary so widely .
Good or Bad News ?
When taking climate change and air quality into account , smaller coal reserves are probably good news .
Supply constraints may cause the market to adjust without the need for climate change policy alone to decrease coal consumption .
Many people fear that declining supplies of oil could cause an increase in the use of coal as a last resort .
Perhaps coal is not a good last resort .
Sarah Lozanova is a freelance writer that is passionate about the new green economy and is a regular contributor to environmental and energy publications and websites , including Energy International Quarterly , ThinkGreen.com , Triple Pundit , Green Business Quarterly , Renewable Energy World , and Green Business Quarterly .
Her experience includes work with small - scale solar energy installations and utility - scale wind farms .
She earned an MBA in sustainable management from the Presidio Graduate School and is a co-founder of Trees Across the Miles , an urban reforestation initiative .
Related Posts on Alternative Energy :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
An increasingly bitter public debate over the role that corn- based ethanol has played in driving up food prices is pitting some of the nation 's biggest food manufacturers against each other , with hefty U.S. subsidies and mounting commodity costs at stake .
In the past week , meat and poultry producer Tyson Foods Inc. TSN , - 1.33 % and Pilgrim 's Pride Corp. PPC , - 1.79 % , the largest U.S. chicken producer , have lambasted a national standard requiring a certain portion of the nation 's transportation fuel come from renewable fuels .
They say the standard , which has driven up demand for corn used in ethanol , is the reason why food prices have shot up globally .
Archer Daniels Midland Co. ADM , - 1.11 % , the nation 's largest ethanol manufacturer , and smaller Pacific Ethanol Inc. PEIX , +18.55 % have defended the gasoline alternative , saying critics are grossly overstating the link between ethanol demand and higher food prices .
" The debate has left the realm of academia and moved into the realm of rough - and - tumble national discussion , " said Mark McMinimy , a biofuels analyst at the Stanford Group , a brokerage and wealth manager that follows public policy issues .
" There 's a search to find out who 's to blame for higher food prices , " he added .
Food inflation scapegoat
At issue is the Renewable Fuel Standard , a mandate to increase the volume of renewable fuels blended into gasoline to 7.5 billion gallons by 2012 .
It was created by 2005 U.S. energy legislation and expanded in last year 's energy bill .
Blenders of ethanol also get a 51 - cent tax credit for every gallon of ethanol they blend .
Most commodities analysts agree that these requirements and financial incentives are one reason farmers planted more corn last year than they had in over six decades .
They say ethanol has indeed played a role pushing up corn prices to record highs above $ 6 a bushel this year .
But most analysts , including senior officials at the U.S. Department of Agriculture , also cite a variety of factors for the run-up in corn and other grains -- including the high price of petroleum , a weak dollar that makes dollar - denominated commodities more pricey , droughts and increasing demand from emerging markets countries for meat and poultry .
Just over two weeks ago , Texas A&M University provided yet more fuel for debate with a study that found higher energy costs , not corn prices , are largely to blame for changes in the agriculture industry .
" This research supports the hypothesis that corn prices have had little to do with rising food costs , " it said .
Consternation over higher global food prices reached a fever pitch earlier this month at the World Bank and G7 meetings , with senior officials from some developing nations blaming the United States for supporting biofuels at the expense of the world 's poor .
Rice prices have gained about 50 % in the past year , corn futures have vaulted over 60 % and soybean contracts have surged a little less than 80 % .
' Misguided '
Some of ethanol 's biggest advocates will make their case on Wednesday .
The heads of the National Farmers Union , the National Corn Growers Association and the Renewable Fuels Association plan to hold an afternoon press conference in Washington , D.C. to " present the facts " on food price increases .
For Tyson CEO Richard Bond , those facts can be summed up in three words : higher feed costs .
Tyson said Monday it anticipates the costs of soybean and corn costs will increase $ 600 million this year .
Since 2006 , its outlays on these grains have doubled .
Tyson is raising prices , but not fast enough to keep up with higher input costs , and " it 's going to get much worse if we continue down this path of diverting corn to ethanol production , " said Bond in a conference call to discuss fiscal second - quarter earnings Monday .
" Congress must put an end to our misguided ethanol policy now , " he said .
But Patricia Woertz , the CEO of Archer Daniels Midland , on Tuesday called the attack on biofuels " misguided " and blamed surging food prices on a tight energy supply .
See full story
" Retreat from biofuels is just an empty gesture , " she said .
" That wo n't fill anybody 's stomach and wo n't fill anybody 's gas tanks . "
Texas ' governor , meanwhile , is trying to get the Environmental Protection Agency to grant the state a partial waiver from complying with the mandate to combine a certain portion of transportation fuel with ethanol .
The state is also arguing that the Renewable Fuels Standard is responsible for higher food and feed prices .
Sen . Kay Bailey Hutchison , R - Texas , is getting ready to release a letter signed by at least 20 senators urging the EPA to issue regulations for states to apply for waivers from the ethanol mandate , said Hutchinson spokesman Matt Mackowiak .
Those waivers may be tough to grant , said Stanford Group 's McMinimy .
Under the 2005 legislation , the EPA , in consultation with the Agriculture Department and Energy Department , can allow states to reduce their production of renewable fuels if they can prove implementing the requirement " would severely harm the economy or environment " or if there is an inadequate domestic supply .
" It does n't sound like something to be taken lightly , " McMinimy said .
Do You Really Know Who You Talk To? Here Are 7 Phishing Examples To Watch Out For in 2019
One would think that everyone was tech - savvy enough to avoid phishing scams by now .
As we stride into new digital ages , though , the work of scammers and hackers will only get more sophisticated .
It ’s understandable that a few well - intentioned people would get tricked by digital thieves and crooks .
It ’ll keep happening , too .
Phishing plays on the same human nature that Ponzi schemes , thieves , and bandits always have .
If phishing is going to stay , we have to adapt to it .
We ’ve compiled some phishing examples from the past year to let you know what you should look out for in 2019 .
Let ’s get to it :
Phishing Examples to Look Out For
As you ’ll soon see , it is n’t just unsuspecting individuals who get scammed .
Nope , the tech giants and leaders of industry that take hits as well .
It can happen to anyone , but what matters is that you know what to look out for .
A Lithuanian man slowly milked roughly 100 million dollars out of Google and Facebook , forging documentation that made him seem exactly like a manufacturer that the two regularly do business with .
He made exact replicas of email addresses , payment invoices , stamps , and correspondence in order to dupe the companies into regularly paying for computer supplies .
Naturally , the two companies did n’t want to release the fact that they had been scammed .
In fact , they went to great lengths to keep it a secret .
2. Free Tickets to Large Events
Each year holds the opportunity to attend a few colossal events .
The World Cup , the Olympics , the Superbowl , World Series , the list could go on .
Phishers like to take these events as opportunities to trick fans into thinking they have free tickets to travel to the games .
There are also scams regarding the industries that benefit from those games .
Vacation rentals around large events , for example , are prime territory for scammers .
In general , do n’t open or respond to any email that claims you won free tickets , free rentals , or anything else that you did n’t enter a raffle or sweepstakes for .
3. Infiltrating Your Account
While most phishers communicate with you to get the information they want or need to take your money , some will actually hack into your email account to get a better grasp of your business dealings .
Once they ’re at the helm of your ship they can steer it whichever way they want to .
There ’s been a rise in the number of account takeovers in the last couple of years .
Unfortunately , one of the few things you can do to prevent this is keeping a close eye on your accounts , your correspondence , and make sure you do n’t get any emails that seem to be responding to something you do n’t remember sending .
4. Social Media
Hackers have long been present in the social media world .
They ’re getting more sophisticated as user behavior changes , though .
A phisher might create content that references real events or topics that you ’re interested in .
Recent events , even local ones , are sometimes mentioned , offering a degree of credibility .
If a person seems as though they ’re knowledgeable about the things you are , most users give them the decency of a “ who are you ? ”
Sometimes simply responding is enough to get the ball rolling and open you up to a scam .
It ’s best not to respond to other users that you do n’t know on social media .
If someone is truly interested in talking to you , they ’ll make it clear how they know you , who your mutual friends are , and why they ’re talking to you in the first place .
5. Urgent Emails
The most common attacks are ones that are n’t likely to go away soon .
The lowest - level phishing scams generally involve an email that seems urgent and compels recipients to answer as soon as possible .
They might say that there ’s a problem with your bank account , your PayPal has been infiltrated , or some other falsehood that is supposed to give you anxiety .
never click on any of the links contained in those emails .
In fact , when you receive an email that is alerting you about one of your accounts , just delete it .
That is unless you receive that message from the company that holds your account .
If you ’re concerned that your information or money could be in jeopardy , just Google the phone number of the company you ’re worried about and ask them over the phone .
The email you received is most likely a scam if it is n’t directly from them .
When you reach customer service , they ’re probably going to know exactly what you talk about .
Email scams typically prompt a beehive of calls at the customer service call centers and representatives quickly become aware of what ’s going on with the attack .
6. Personalized Attacks
A number of email attacks get very personalized .
From the phisher ’s point of view , the more they can convince you that they know you , the better .
It is n’t all too difficult to find a person ’s information online these days , but how much information does a person need to fool you ?
Phishers will often use your address , phone number , position at work , company name , full name , and family member names to press you for information .
Companies should conduct phishing awareness training with all of their employees to prevent this activity .
Charlotte IT
Solutions has some great advice on how companies can do this .
7. Whaling
Whaling is very much the same as the personalized attacks listed above .
In this attack , though , the scammer goes after one of the company ’s head executives , even the CEO .
Most CEOs and executives are n’t required to take the phishing awareness training and do n’t know exactly what to look out for in fraudulent emails .
This makes them an easy target , and one that holds a company ’s most valuable information .
Need to Boost Your Tech Game ?
Hopefully , these phishing examples will give you some more confidence in your ability to avoid scams this year .
The world of technology is always changing , though , and it ’s important to keep up .
If you ’re looking to stay informed on the latest and greatest in the tech world , visit our site to learn more .
Posted on Jun 23 , 2008 in Across the US , Beltway Politics , Congress , Democrats , Economy , Government , Party Politics , Spending , Technology
Who is behind the Dodd Housing Bill Ebay Amendment ?
Sadly ,
It ’s a Republican
Sadly , its one of our own that has come up with one of the most ludicrous amendments to what is already seen by many as one horrible package of legislation .
It ’s none other than Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa that has developed the language that would essentially open the door to online merchants like Ebay , Amazon , Google Checkout , etc. reporting all of their transaction activity to the government .
First of all , it ’s important to note that this provision was packaged in the Housing Bill , which has absolutely nothing to do with online merchants .
The provision was buried amongst 600 + pages of legislation , making it more likely to be overlooked by tired Hill staffers .
For those who have n’t read the language , here it is ( source ) :
Payment Card and Third Party Network Information Reporting .
The proposal requires information reporting on payment card and third party network transactions .
Payment settlement entities , including merchant acquiring banks and third party settlement organizations , or third party payment facilitators acting on their behalf , will be required to report the annual gross amount of reportable transactions to the IRS and to the participating payee .
Reportable transactions include any payment card transaction and any third party network transaction .
Participating payees include persons who accept a payment card as payment and third party networks who accept payment from a third party settlement organization in settlement of transactions .
A payment card means any card issued pursuant to an agreement or arrangement which provides for standards and mechanisms for settling the transactions .
Use of an account number or other indicia associated with a payment card will be treated in the same manner as a payment card .
A de minimis exception for transactions of $ 10,000 or less and 200 transactions or less applies to payments by third party settlement organizations .
The proposal applies to returns for calendar years beginning after December 31 , 2010 .
Back - up withholding provisions apply to amounts paid after December 31 , 2011 .
This proposal is estimated to raise $ 9.802 billion over ten years .
It ’s quite clear to see the many problems that could be created if this piece of legislation was enacted .
Of course , after this was exposed , Kate Szostak , a staffer on the Banking Committee quickly tried to kill any doubts and / or concerns people had with the legislation :
“ This is not a controversial provision or a new one .
Republicans and Democrats on the Senate Finance Committee have supported it for months , and it has been included in the Administration ’s budget proposal for years .
This provision simply requires banks –not small businesses –to report sales transactions to the IRS each year and to merchants at the end of each day .
It makes the tax system fair for everyone , without burdening small businesses and without putting consumers ’ privacy rights at risk . ”
With all due respect to Kate , this is indeed a very controversial provision that could greatly effect how business is done online .
For example , let ’s say I sell 500 widgets on Ebay every month and at the end of each month , $ 20,000 or so is transferred into my bank account .
Stop .
That is basically what is going to be reported to the IRS and filed away under your EIN or SSN and it should be no surprise that they are going to be there at the end of the year waiting for you to pay taxes on it .
However , if you ’re a business owner , there is much more to this equation than the IRS would be seeing .
Nowhere in this reporting would Ebay or the IRS have any idea how much each of these widgets cost you .
Sure , you might have had $ 20,000 transferred to your account , but what if you had to spend $ 19,500 on acquisition and shipping of the widgets ?
This number has to first be deducted from the $ 20,000 before any accurate representation of income can be generated .
When you tack on other things like operating costs , it ’s even easier to see how the IRS is going to have skewed numbers .
I ’m sure many of you are now asking , so what , you ’ll report all of this on your tax forms and pay taxes based on that .
The reality is that even if this is the case , with the IRS having all of this data , they are going to be looking harder than ever for anyone that is cheating the system .
Any discrepancy on either end could potentially throw up a red flag and lead to an audit .
No matter what criteria they create , there is always going to be a discrepancy in numbers , simply because each small business operates in a different way , having different pricing structures , sales models , operating costs , exposure , etc .
With this legislation , I do n’t see how the IRS would be able to operate without a major expansion , and that ’s just to cover the oversight of this data .
There are many other arguments that people have brought up over this legislation , including privacy concerns and other important logistics , but for some reason , some of our elected officials do n’t want to bring this up for more debate and are hoping to end discussion of this in the next 48 hours .
So , that ’s where we come in and help disseminate information exposing America ’s # 1 R.I.N.O. , Senator Chuck Grassley .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eURvJmYT5X0[/youtube]
Here are some other bloggers that are also covering this topic , and have made excellent posts .
http://techliberation.com/2008/06/23/senate-housing-bill-to-require-collecting-of-online-payment-information/
http://blogs.courant.com/on_background/2008/06/credit-card-tracking-slipped-i.html
http://www.infowars.com/?p=2785
http://papundits.wordpress.com/2008/06/24/housing-bailout-bill-new-provision-report
http://osispeaks.com/
http://fetchingjen.blogspot.com/
http://www.oregonconservative.com
http://www.conservativerecord.com
Japanese bureaucrats apparently have the most amazing multi-tasking powers on earth .
Topping the dude who basically wrote the Gundam Wikipedia while at work , a 57 - year - old civil servant in Kinokawa was busted for beating it to 780,000 porn pages in nine months .
That 's 10,000 a day , 20 a minute at his most furious fapping .
All on the job ( maybe he could stop time , like Hiro ) .
He was finally busted when he had tech support look at his computer after he picked up a virus — his coworkers thought nothing of the weird noises emanating from his cubicle .
For nine months .
The best part ?
The dude was only demoted .
Probably for not being efficient enough .
[ The Inquirer ]
Advertisement
Security cam footage at gas station shows driver does n't realize his car rolling into a pond .
With a bunch of states finally getting around to banning text messaging while driving , I began to wonder what other bad - idea auto activities are illegal .
Actually , the only one I really care about - or engage in - is " road head " ( when the driver of a car receives oral sex , for those prudes / pedestrians out there ) .
It 's kinda mainstream , since it 's been featured in movies like Crash and friggin ' Parenthood , but I was thinking that since it is kinda dangerous , and potentially deadly , it must be moving violation .
Right ?
Advertisement
I could n't find any specific written laws ( by state , that is ) that says that road head is a no - no .
But that 's actually because in so many states , regular , plain ol '
BJs are totally illegal , no matter where you 're giving or receiving them .
Many states have ye olde tyme -y anti-gay rules that outlaw any sex that is n't penis / vagina .
Here are a list that I was able to put together .
Alabama ( not surprising , given their laws on sex toys ) Penalty = 1 year / $ 2,000
Florida Penalty = 60 days / $ 500
Idaho Penalty = 5 years to life … life !
Kansas Penalty = 6 months / $ 1,000 , ( only applies to same - sex acts )
Louisiana Penalty = 5 years / $ 2,000
Michigan Penalty = up to 15 years imprisonment , repeat offenders get life
Mississippi Penalty = 10 years
North Carolina Penalty = 10 years / discretionary fine
Oklahoma Penalty = 10 years ( only applies to same - sex acts )
South Carolina Penalty = 5 years / $ 500
Texas Penalty = $ 500 ( only applies to same - sex acts )
Utah Penalty = 6 months / $ 1,000
Virginia Penalty = 1 - 5 years
Advertisement
It 's good to know that of the three states ( that I can remember , at least ) I 've given and received road head - Pennsylvania , New Jersey , and New York - I was n't technically breaking the law .
But it is kinda dangerous to do .
I have n't done it in about a year or two , but that 's just because I do n't have a car and I have n't dated anyone with one since then .
This photographer has his own view of one of the most beautiful Russian cities and he expresses it with his photos .
photos by Alexander Petrosian via photopolygon.com
PROJECTS INCLUDE
Site of Craig Ranch Regional Park .
Site of Craig Ranch Regional Park .
The 132 - acre Craig Ranch Regional Park will be built in North Las Vegas , where there is now a golf course .
$ 85 million .
Site where Clark County Shooting Park will be built .
Site where Clark County Shooting Park will be built .
A sport shooting park , in far northwest Las Vegas Valley , will feature 700 to 800 acres of indoor and outdoor gun and archery ranges , surrounded by 2,100 acres of natural land .
$ 64 million .
Museum at the Springs Preserve .
Museum at the Springs Preserve .
Las Vegas Springs
Preserve is a focal point of the city 's cultural and natural history .
Museums , exhibits and trails illustrate this history and preserve natural land .
$ 49 million .
Federal land sale proceeds have helped pay for plans to ease the impact of development on endangered wildlife species .
$ 53 million .
A portion of proceeds is budgeted for purchase of environmentally sensitive land in Nevada .
So far , officials have bought more than 20,000 acres of ecologically valuable desert and upland property from private owners , protecting the land from future development .
$ 346 million .
A variety of conservation initiatives have been funded , among them trash dump reclamation , abandoned mine closures , water use planning projects and organization of law enforcement resources to protect natural resources in the rapidly growing region .
$ 181 million .
Red Spring Park .
Red Spring Park .
Red Spring , a small but popular park west of Las Vegas , is home to a rare snail species .
Federal money has paid for an elevated boardwalk , picnic tables and interpretive signs .
$ 1.8 million .
Restrooms at Boulder Beach in the Lake Mead National Recreation Area .
Restrooms at Boulder Beach in the Lake Mead National Recreation Area .
The federally managed Lake Mead 's average water level has dropped , exposing once - submerged portions of boat ramps .
Land sale money will pay for repairing erosion damage , augmenting asphalt construction with concrete and , in some cases , for building new ramps .
$ 52 million .
The popular Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area will undergo a major facelift , with a new administrative / visitor center , road and parking upgrades and improvements to wild horse and burro fencing .
$ 29 million .
Officials have earmarked $ 150 million from federal land sales for state education .
Interest from the fund has helped pay for teacher salaries , utility bills and textbooks .
$ 11 million in interest in fiscal year 2006 - 2007 .
Clark County School District buses at a staging and maintenance area .
The facility is on land that the school district bought from the BLM at a discount .
Clark County School District buses at a staging and maintenance area .
The facility is on land that the school district bought from the BLM at a discount .
The southern Nevada land program has also embraced the long - established practice of selling federal land to public bodies at heavy discounts .
Among the beneficiaries has been the Clark County School District .
685 acres for $ 6,349 .
U.S. GUILTY OF BANNED WEAPONS WAR CRIMES More Studies Confirm DU Weapons a Scourge By Pat Shannan
Six years after AFP first warned of the dangers of depleted uranium ( DU ) , the administration persists in claiming there is no conclusive evidence that it is a silent weapon of mass destruction that may harm U.S. troops and the alleged enemy .
However , the British government has long since attributed birth defect claims from a 1991 combat veteran to DU poisoning , and studies using cultured cells and laboratory rodents continue to confirm the likelihood of leukemia resulting from chronic exposure as well as the possibility of genetic , reproductive and neurological effects .
Vietnam veterans of a generation ago remember the similar symptoms that
affected so many of them from their contact with Agent Orange .
Some of their offspring carry daily reminders of what their future fathers inadvertently brought home with them and the eventual birth defects that were passed on .
A study by the Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry at Long Island University in New York found that uranium dust may do permanent damage to the lungs , resulting in chronic respiratory problems , and that uranium exposure also affects neurological function .
Rats exposed to uranium had impaired nerve cell function , and 1991 Gulf War I veterans who were excreting high levels of uranium in their urine showed impairment in cognitive function .
More minor health effects from lesser exposure may also include skin rashes , headaches , blurred vision , sensitivity to light and sound , localized numbness and urinary symptoms , such as kidney stones , increased urine volume and blood in the urine .
Nothing has changed , and until such issues are resolved with further research , the controversial use of DU by the military will continue .
Citing the effectiveness of DU in penetrating enemy armor and protecting U.S. forces , the military has rejected calls to ban its use .
In fact , some critics have even accused the Pentagon of working to limit the scope of testing for exposure to DU .
In 2004 , AFP reported , “ The U.S. government has knowingly violated conventions on war by subjecting our own troops and foreign civilians and soldiers to this weapon of mass destruction .
The U.S. military should immediately stop using shells and armor made with DU , and a thorough and independent probe of DU ’s environmental impact should be set up .
Moreover , a comprehensive study should be funded to test civilians in Iraq . ”
It was at that time that AFP reported that Doug Rokke , a retired Army officer and Ph.D. dedicated to exposing this coverup , demanded “ the end to the use of DU munitions . ”
Rokke again publicly deplored the government ’s inaction more than a year ago and pointed out that the DU situation had worsened and demanded that President Bush do something , but to no avail .
In early 2007 , Rokke said , “ The use of uranium weapons is absolutely unacceptable and a crime against humanity .
Consequently the citizens of the world and all governments must force cessation of uranium weapons use .
I must demand that Israel now provide medical care to all DU casualties in Lebanon and clean up all DU contamination .
U.S. and British officials have arrogantly refused to comply with their own regulations , orders and directives that require U.S. Department of Defense officials to provide prompt and effective medical care to all exposed individuals .
Israel must do so now . ”
Dr. Rokke was quoted earlier as saying , “ while U.S. and British military personnel continue using DU munitions , the ‘ dirty bombs ’ in the coalition arsenal , officials from the Army , Department of Energy and Department of Defense are using agents and hired guns to attack patriotic critics of DU weapons . ”
Rokke claimed then , and has seen no change , that his detractors continue to attempt to disrupt his efforts to ensure compliance with mandated medical care and environmental remediation requirements , because the Pentagon wants to be able to use the deadly DU munitions .
His complaints continue to fall on deaf ears — mainly because the corporate - controlled media continues to ignore the illegal use of DU and its long - lasting effects on the health of veterans and the public .
According to humanitarian law , the illegality of DU weapons is based on four criteria :
 The “ territorial ” test .
Weapons of war may only be used in the legal field of battle .
Weapons may not have an adverse effect off the legal field of battle .
 The “ temporal ” test , meaning that weapons may only be used for the duration of an armed conflict .
A weapon that continues to act after the war violates this criterion .
The territorial and temporal criteria are meant to prevent weapons from being “ indiscriminate ” in their effect .
 A weapon can not be unduly inhumane .
The Hague Convention of 1907 prohibits “ poison or poisoned weapons . ”
Because DU weapons are radioactive and chemically toxic , as the military knows , they fit the definition of poisonous weapons banned under the Hague Convention .
 The “ environmental ” test says that weapons cannot have an unduly negative effect on the natural environment .
Depleted uranium does not meet the requirements of any of the four .
This outrageous treatment of humanity by an elite few war profiteers has not changed .
The extent of adverse health and environmental effects of uranium weapons contamination is not limited to combat zones , but includes domestic facilities and sites where uranium weapons have been manufactured or tested including : the island of Vieques , Puerto Rico ; Colonie , N.Y. ; and the Jefferson Proving Grounds , Ind .
Medical care must be provided by the Department of Defense for all individuals affected by the manufacturing , testing or use of uranium munitions .
Thorough environmental remediation should be completed
without further delay .
Pat Shannan is the assistant editor of American Free Press .
He is also the author of several videos and books .
( Issue # 21 , May 26 , 2008 )
Warning : this new Protoype gameplay makes Grand Theft Auto 4 ’s gameplay look “ tame ” , so be warned for bloody killings .
Of course the lead character Alex Mercer does this to survive while he attempts to unravel who or what he is , but it ’s insanely violent since the game has “ no moral code ” .
This is one of those open - world sandbox games action game fans can’t wait to explore .
If after the new footage lined up below , you feel like playing it right away , then I ’m sorry to say you ’ll have to wait for its release on the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 and PC in America in October and a winter 2008 release in Europe .
Fight a 3 - way war in the first title to combine vampires , zombies , and fast - paced free running ( parkour ) .
Discover how this anti-hero is going to tear up New York City in this Sierra Gamers ’ Day 08 developer interview .
Want to see even more gameplay action ?
Gamespot got a 10 - minute Prototype demo :
Consume and become your enemies to take and wield their powers .
Watch a brief gameplay montage .
Share :
A new large , prospective population - based study confirms an inverse relationship between coffee consumption and liver cancer risk .
The study also found that higher levels of gamma - glutamyltransferase ( GGT ) in the blood were associated with an increased risk of developing the disease .
These findings are published in the July issue of Hepatology , a journal published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases ( AASLD ) .
The article and an accompanying editorial are also available online at Wiley Interscience ( www.interscience.wiley.com).
Researchers led by Gang Hu at the University of Helsinki set out to examine the associations between coffee consumption and serum GGT with the risk of liver cancer in a large prospective cohort .
Residents of Finland drink more coffee per capita than the Japanese , Americans , Italians , and other Europeans , so Hu and colleagues studied 60,323 Finnish participants ages 25 to 74 who were cancer - free at baseline .
The Finns were included in seven independent cross-sectional population surveys conducted between 1972 and 2002 and followed up through June 2006 .
The participants completed a mail - in questionnaire about their medical history , socioeconomic factors and dietary and lifestyle habits .
For a subset of participants , clinical data was available , including serum levels of GGT .
Data on subsequent cancer diagnoses was collected from the country - wide Finnish Cancer Registry .
Based on their answers to the question : " How many cups of coffee do you drink daily ? " the participants were divided into five categories : 0 - 1 cup , 2 - 3 cups , 4 - 5 cups , 6 - 7 cups , and 8 or more cups per day .
After a median follow - up period of 19.3 years , 128 participants were diagnosed with liver cancer .
The researchers noted a significant inverse association between coffee drinking and the risk of primary liver cancer .
They found that the multivariable hazards ratio of liver cancer dropped for each group that drank more coffee .
It fell from 1.00 , to .66 , to .44 , to .38 to .32 respectively .
" The biological mechanisms behind the association of coffee consumption with the risk of liver cancer are not known , " the authors point out .
They also found that high levels of serum GGT were associated with an increased risk of liver cancer .
The hazard ratio of liver cancer for the highest vs. lowest quartile of serum GGT was 3.13 .
" Nevertheless , " they report , " the inverse association between coffee consumption and the risk of liver cancer was consistent in the subjects at any level of serum GGT . "
An accompanying editorial by Carlo La Vecchia of Milan says that Hu's new study solidly confirms the inverse relationship between coffee drinking and liver cancer risk , though we still do n't know if it is causal .
" Furthermore , the study by Hu et al. provides original and important quantitative evidence that the levels of GGT are related to subsequent incidence of liver cancer , with an overall relative risk of 2.3 , " he says .
La Vecchia notes , however , that , " It remains difficult , however , to translate the inverse relation between coffee drinking and liver cancer risk observed in epidemiological studies into potential implications for prevention of liver cancer by increasing coffee consumption . "
###
Article : " Joint effects of coffee consumption and serum gamma - glutamyltransferase on the risk of liver cancer . "
Hu , Gang ; Tuomilehto , Jaakko ; Pukkala , Eero ; Hakulinen , Timo ; Antikainen , Riitta ; Vartiainen , Erkki ; Jousilahti , Pekka .
Hepatology ; July 2008 ; 10.1002/hep.22320 ; Published online 3/18/08 .
Editorial : " Cancer and liver cancer prevention : is it a fact or just a potential ? "
La Vecchia , Carlo .
Hepatology ; July 2008 ; 10.1002/hep.22309 ; Published online 6/20/08 .
Instructables has just posted its latest installment in its collection of HOWTOs inspired by my new novel Little Brother , a young adult book about hacker kids who use technology to win back their civil liberties from the Department of Homeland Security .
This week , it 's instructions for building a simple device that will let you spot hidden " pinhole " video cameras :
With one hand , hold up the toilet paper tube to your eye .
With your other hand , hold up the flashlight at about eye level and point it away from you .
With one eye , look through the tube and scan the room .
If there are any small points of light bouncing back , inspect it further .
It might be a camera .
Link , Link to feed of Little Brother Instructables
Marijuana is so ubiquitous here that everyone , from schoolteachers to kids , can tell you when a sinsemilla bud is ripe .
From late summer to fall , the county reeks with the skunk - like stench of ready - to - harvest weed .
The annual $ 1.5 billion pot crop constitutes two - thirds of Mendocino County 's entire economy .
" You tell people from other parts of the country that folks grow pot all over town , and they think this is just a freak show here , " said Ross Liberty , who owns a welding shop in Ukiah .
" They 're not far off . "
Earlier this year , Liberty and others who used to be benign about the issue decided enough was enough .
They put Measure B on Tuesday 's ballot to repeal the nation 's most liberal rules for growing pot , which for eight years have allowed anyone to grow up to 25 plants for personal use .
If Measure B is approved by a majority vote , the per-person limit will revert to the statewide limit of six plants .
But then there 's the other side .
Opponents of Measure B call it a meat - ax approach to an emotionally volatile issue and say that going after the weed in Mendocino 's backyards and spare rooms is wrongheaded at best , cruel at worst .
What is really needed , they argue , is a better effort to eradicate large - scale plantations that are hidden in the heavily forested mountains and guarded by thugs toting assault rifles .
The forces against Measure B are led by an ex-congressman 's daughter who was busted and later cleared for growing a medical pot garden .
" We need to harness this gigantic industry , not try to kill it , " said Laura Hamburg , whose arrest last fall so infuriated her that she decided to head up the anti-B push .
" There 's this caricature about this county that we 're all hippies sitting around smoking joints , but that 's the last thing from reality .
Medical users truly need this plant . "
The homegrown weed in most of those yards and rooms is medicine to be used by those who grow it , Hamburg said , or sold to the 400 medicinal marijuana clinics in San Francisco , Berkeley and the rest of the state .
These grow - farms are not the problem , she insisted - flashy out - of - towners are .
Problems with small farms
But that 's a key assertion with which Measure B advocates vehemently disagree .
And to illustrate how bad they think neighborhood pot farms have become , they point to a 2004 incident in Ukiah .
That 's when a would - be robber leaped the fence of Larry Puterbaugh 's backyard and shot and wounded his neighbor , Memo Parker .
The man was trying to steal from Parker 's pot farm , police said .
Puterbaugh had already complained for years about the stench from the hundreds of pot plants over his back fence - but even after the shooting , police did nothing about it .
Parker had doctor - signed cards authorizing medicinal growth on the farm .
Parker later pleaded no contest to cultivating too many plants in a separate case .
But in 2004 , all Puterbaugh could do was fume .
" That 's when I began thinking we have to do something , " Puterbaugh said .
" Why should we be scared in our own neighborhoods , in a quiet town like this ?
Measure B backers date the genesis of their troubles to 2000 , when 58 percent of the county 's voters passed Measure G , which allowed anyone to grow as many as 25 marijuana plants for personal use - far exceeding the state guideline of six plants per person for medicinal use only .
The " personal use " reference , in practice , has meant growing for medical use - but the kicker for critics was that each lot of 25 plants required only a doctor - signed permission card saying the grower would use the pot or that the grower was cultivating it for another patient .
Some houses began displaying as many as 12 cards , leading to complaints that the new rule was allowing people to grow commercially for cash , not medicine .
" It 's like we kicked the door open and said to the rest of the nation , ' Come on in and grow pot ! ' " said Mike Sweeney , an environmental activist who is helping direct the Measure B campaign .
" Now , what we want to do is slam that door shut .
We want people around the country to know that Mendocino has changed its ways . "
One who answered Mendocino 's siren call is Ukiah Setiva Morrison .
After hearing in North Carolina about the area 's legendary pot leniency , he changed his name from Ronald Matthews and , in 2005 , moved to Ukiah to run a short - lived church called the Hemp Plus Ministry .
" I really believe that cannabis is n't bad for you - stupidity is bad , " he said , standing in his garden of 11 outdoor plants in Redwood Valley .
Now he is running for county supervisor .
Measure B's proponents and opponents agree on one thing : the necessity for a prohibition on large pot-farming operations , some of which sport as many as 500 plants , no matter where they are .
But as for crimping everything back to a six - plant limit ?
A popular local T - shirt speaks for Measure B opponents .
" Let It Grow , " it reads below a jaunty pot -leaf drawing .
Hamburg points to her own 39 plants - which were ripped out by police last fall - as an example .
They were used as medicine for an intestinal condition as well as for her cancer - survivor mother and two others , and she had doctor - signed growing cards to justify the garden - which the search warrant did n't note , an omission that led a judge to throw out the case in March .
It was a typical - size " grow " for the county .
However , Hamburg 's political profile was anything but typical , and she thinks that 's why she was targeted .
Hamburg 's father , former Democratic Rep. Dan Hamburg , helped lead the 2000 campaign that liberalized the county 's pot laws , and she spearheaded the 2004 drive that passed the nation 's first local ban on growing genetically altered food .
Hamburg also worked as a reporter at The Chronicle in 1997 and 1998 .
" I was n't going to be ' the pot girl , ' leading this campaign , but that all changed when 11 deputies tore out my plants and locked me out of my own house , " she said .
" Now I just want to make sure that never happens to anyone else . "
Push to legalize pot
Hamburg and other Measure B opponents say that instead of limiting pot , Mendocino should be a beacon for the decades - old movement to legalize the $ 3,000 - a- pound weed .
The county 's liberal guidelines are just that - guidelines tacitly respected by federal officials who still operate elsewhere under U.S. law banning pot of any quantity .
But if it were legalized instead of demonized , Hamburg 's group maintains , the economically struggling county could tax that $ 1.5 billion crop and become hugely prosperous .
" This whole fight is like Prohibition , " said artist Catherine Magruder , a cancer survivor who says smoking pot erased the pain of chemotherapy .
" You can't squish marijuana out of existence , it 's too late .
So why not figure out , together , how to make it work for all of us ?
And why not start that movement right here in Mendocino ? "
Not surprisingly , considering how firmly pot culture is laced through this county , even Measure B proponents - who include virtually every elected or law enforcement official - say they support medicinal marijuana .
The Board of Supervisors and many of those pushing for the rollback supported the lenient rules when they passed in 2000 .
But now they say Hamburg and her backers - mainly patients , small - time growers , doctors , the San Francisco office of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Law ( NORML ) and a former county prosecutor - are deluded .
" What really got to me was when I tried to hire some teenagers for my shop , and they laughed at me , " said Liberty .
" They said they make so much money harvesting pot for growers that they do n't need my $ 8 - an - hour jobs .
" Look , they can make $ 30 an hour , and I see them driving $ 50,000 tricked - up trucks all over town , " he said .
" I can't compete with that .
Nobody can .
How in the world can we attract new business when the workforce just wants to grow or harvest pot ? "
There 's more at stake here than just local regulations .
" This is the only battle going on in the entire country about marijuana cultivation , and anyone who cares about this issue in the United States is watching it very closely , " said Dale Gieringer , California director of NORML .
' Emerald Triangle '
Marijuana has been a significant presence in this county since the 1970s .
Though grapes are the big legal crop here , Mendocino , Humboldt and Trinity counties are fabled as the " Emerald Triangle , " considered by many to be the premier pot -growing region in the nation .
But at the same time , the area has an outdoorsy charm that draws not just environmental progressives , but also families hunting the kind of solitude that can be found only in a Rhode - Island - size county with 88,000 residents and four small incorporated communities .
With the collapse of the local timber industry , poverty here is slightly worse than the state average , but the restored Victorians and tidy ranch houses in most towns and on county roads reflect recovery more than despair .
The only immediate sign to outsiders that there 's more going on here than simple rural living is the preponderance of shops selling pot-growing equipment and the occasional sign extolling the virtues of the herb .
One of the first sights greeting drivers rolling into Ukiah is the Adopt - A - Highway sign proudly proclaiming cleanups by the " Medical Marijuana Patients Union . "
" We definitely go our own way , " said longtime resident Randy Bream , leaning against the till at his Mendocino Hobbies shop in Ukiah .
" Look , I call myself a conservative , and I do n't care who grows pot as long as they do n't push it on me or my kids .
" What matters for me is that there are friendly people here .
On Memorial Day , the city puts flags up and down the main street .
All this fighting over pot ?
I wish they 'd just hurry up and decide whether it 's legal so we can stop talking about it . "
Inside
Uphill battle : Authorities are able to seize only 20 percent of the county 's marijuana crop .
A8
FEBRUARY 5--A 19 - year - old man was arrested Sunday night for singing the lyrics to a profane rap song as he walked on a Florida street .
Christopher Holder was nabbed after a woman complained to police that her two children ( ages five and 14 ) heard Holder repeatedly reciting the words ' mother fucker , ' according to a Hernando County Sheriff 's Office report , a copy of which you 'll find here .
When questioned by deputies , Holder ' immediately began arguing that he did nothing wrong , ' and explained that he was merely covering a song by Louisiana rapper Lil ' Boosie , whose most recent album , ' Bad Azz , ' includes cuts like ' My Nigga ' and ' Fuck You . '
But Holder , pictured in his mug shot , added that he ' agreed that he did not believe children needed to hear language such as that being hollered down the road . '
Holder was charged with disorderly conduct , a misdemeanor .
( 3 pages )
The Khmer Rouge 's chief interrogator came face to face with survivors of the former Cambodian regime 's notorious S - 21 prison today as part of his trial charges of crimes against humanity .
Kaing Guek Eav , better known as Duch , returned to the prison where he allegedly ordered thousands to be tortured and executed during the 1970s .
His visit to S - 21 as part of Cambodia 's genocide tribunal is the first since the Khmer Rouge regime was toppled in 1979 .
The site , known as Tuol Sleng , is now a genocide museum .
Figures suggest that 16,000 men , women and children were held at S - 21 ; only 14 are thought to have survived .
Duch was joined by several witnesses and survivors of S - 21 today .
Speaking before the visit , three said they did not feel angry towards
Duch but wanted answers about why they had been captured and tortured .
Bou Meng , 67 , said he and his wife , Ma Yoeun , were both put in S - 21 prison in 1977 and his wife was later executed .
" I just want to ask him what she may have done wrong that they had to kill her .
Where is my wife ? " he said .
" Duch is revisiting his past atrocities although he is not going to see blood stains or hear the scream of prisoners any more , " said Youk Chhang , director of the Documentation Centre of Cambodia , a group researching atrocities carried out by the Khmer Rouge .
Duch yesterday broke down in tears as he led judges from the tribunal on a tour of the " killing fields " peppered with the mass graves of his alleged victims .
He has been charged with crimes against humanity for his role as commandant of the regime 's largest torture facility .
He is one of five former high - ranking Khmer Rouge officials being held for trial by the tribunal .
An estimated 1.7 million people died during the 1975 - 79 communist regime as a result of policies that caused starvation , overwork , lack of medical care and execution .
MAY 13 -- We 're not sure who authored the Foo Fighters 2008 tour rider -- frontman Dave Grohl , the production manager , a witty roadie -- but whoever is responsible for the document deserves much praise .
The rider , an excerpt from which you 'll find here , is filled with jokes about flatulence , fat roadies , leftovers from " last night 's Dio show , " and the provision of " big ass kielbasas that make men self conscious . "
While we 've used red arrows to point out some of our favorite lines , a close read of the rider is suggested , since we 've surely missed a few jokes .
While the document claims it is " not as funny as the Iggy Pop rider , " that is , in TSG 's opinion , pure modesty .
The 2008 document is every bit as amusing as the Iggy rider ( which you 'll find here ) and eclipses an earlier Foo Fighters rider , which can be found here .
( 9 pages )
Test Negative --
A look at the " evidence " justifying illicit - drug tests
What underlies the broad acceptance of a practice that conservative Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia has called a " needless indignity " ?
One factor may be the alarming statistics cited by testing advocates to demonstrate the high costs of drug abuse .
Examination of some of these claims suggests they do not always accurately reflect the research on which they are based .
In fact , some of the data could be used to " prove " that drug use has negligible or even beneficial effects .
Consider these examples .
Last year President George Bush declared that " drug abuse among American workers costs businesses anywhere from $ 60 billion to $ 100 billion a year in lost productivity , absenteeism , drug - related accidents , medical claims and theft . "
Variants of this statistic abound in discussions about drug abuse and are commonly repeated without qualification by the media .
Yet all such claims derive from a single study , one that " was based upon assumptions which need additional validation , " according to an assessment last year by NIDA , the chief federal agency sponsoring research on substance abuse .
The study grew out of a survey of some 3,700 households by the Research Triangle Institute ( RTI ) in 1982 .
The RTI group found that the average reported income of households with at least one person who admitted to having ever used marijuana daily ( 20 days or more in a 30 - day period ) was 28 percent lower than the average reported income of otherwise similar households .
The RTI researchers defined that difference in income as " loss due to marijuana use " ; the total loss , when extrapolated to the general population , came to $ 26 billion .
The researchers then added on the estimated costs of drug - related crime , health problems and accidents to arrive at a grand total of $ 47 billion for " costs to society of drug abuse . "
This figure - " adjusted " to account for inflation and population increase - represents the basis of Bush 's statement , according to Henrick J. Harwood , who headed the RTI study and is now in the White House drug - policy office .
The RTI survey included questions on current drug use ( at least once within the past month ) .
Yet according to Harwood there was no significant difference between the income of households with current users of any illegal drug - including marijuana , cocaine and heroin - and the income of otherwise similar households .
Does this mean that current use of even hard drugs - as opposed to perhaps a single marijuana binge in the distant past - does not lead to any " loss " ?
" You would be on safe ground saying that , " Harwood replies .
Officials of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce have testified before Congress and at national conferences on drug abuse that employees who use drugs are " 3.6 times more likely to injure themselves or another person in a workplace accident ... [ and ] five times more likely to file a workers ' compensation claim . "
The pharmaceutical giant Hoffmann - La Roche , which is leading an anti-drug campaign among businesses ( and has a big share of the drug - testing market ) , also promulgates this claim in " educational " literature .
In fact , the study on which the claim is based has " nothing to do with [ illegal ] drug users , " according to a 1988 article in the University of Kansas Law Review by John P. Morgan of the City University of New York Medical School .
Morgan , an authority on drug testing , has traced the Chamber of Commerce claim to an informal study by the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company of employees undergoing treatment for alcoholism .
In an interview with SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN , J. Michael Walsh , who heads NIDA 's applied research division and is a strong supporter of workplace testing , singled out two studies that he said showed drug users are more likely to cause accidents , miss work and use health benefits .
The studies were done at two utilities : the Utah Power and Light Company and the Georgia Power Company .
The 12 workers in Utah and the 116 in Georgia who served as the primary research subjects were tested " for cause " : they had either been involved in accidents , exhibited other " problem " behavior ( commonly , high absenteeism ) or submitted to treatment for alcoholism or drug abuse .
Critics point out that it should not be terribly surprising if these subjects exhibited the cited traits at a higher - than - average rate .
What may be surprising is that , according to a report published by NIDA last year , Utah Power and Light actually " spent $ 215 per employee per year less on the drug abusers in health insurance benefits than on the control group . "
Those who tested positive at Georgia Power had a higher promotion rate than the company average .
Moreover , Georgia workers testing positive only for marijuana ( about 35 percent of all positives ) exhibited absenteeism some 30 percent lower than average .
Nationwide , Morgan says , marijuana accounts for up to 90 percent of all positive findings , both because it is by far the most widely used illegal drug and because it persists in urine for up to a month ( compared with two days for most other drugs ) .
Perhaps the study most publicized of late by testing proponents involves employees of the U.S. Postal Service .
The service tested 4,396 new hirees in 1987 and 1988 and - keeping the test results confidential - tracked the performance of positives ( 9 percent of the total ) and negatives .
By last September , the service reported , 15.4 percent of the positives and 10.5 percent of the negatives had been fired ; the positives had also taken an average of six more sick days a year .
This study may be distorted by more subtle biases - related to race , age or gender - than those displayed by the utility studies , according to Theodore H. Rosen , a psychologist and a consultant on drug testing .
Indeed , Jacques L. Normand , who headed the study , acknowledges that minority postal workers tested positive at a much higher rate than nonminority workers and that previous studies have shown minorities to have higher absenteeism .
Morgan points out , moreover , that the Postal Service study ( like all those cited above ) has not been published in a peer - reviewed journal .
In fact , he says , only one study comparing the work of drug - test positives and negatives has passed peer review .
Last year , in the Journal of General Internal Medicine , David C. Parish of the Mercer University School of Medicine in Georgia reported on a study of 180 hospital employees , 22 of whom had tested positive after being hired .
Parish examined supervisor evaluations and other indexes and found " no difference between drug - positive and drug - negative employees " at the end of one year .
He noted , however , that 11 of the negatives had been fired during that period and none of the positives .
There just seems no end to all the bad news generated by the pandemic ....
Posted by Prof. Goose on May 3 , 2008 - 10:00 am
First off , here is JHK on Colbert ( Flash required , methinks ) .
It 's smart , it 's funny , and it 's worth your time ( 6 min ) .
For those of you in Canada , the video can also be seen on youtube here .
And , Jim has sent us a reply to the critics of World Made By Hand ( link to Amazon ) ... it is posted here in its entirety .
I do n't intend to mount a " defense " against all your complaints , but would like to make a few brief points :
The facts support the position that the Y2 K computer situation was a serious problem .
Billions of dollars and untold man-hours were spent correcting it .
It was , however , a very limited problem , and it is fatuous to assert that just because it was successfully corrected means that we should n't have taken it seriously .
Complaints have come from many quarters that in my novel the feminist revolution appears to have been discontinued , or that my female characters are not sufficiently valorized .
To me , these complaints show an impressive incapacity to imagine that social arrangements might be different under very different practical circumstances .
In " World Made By Hand , " the corporate milieu no longer exists .
Issues of " glass ceilings " and " equal pay " tend to be irrelevant .
All the people in the novel are essentially working within their competence .
But the divisions of labor are not what they used to be in the age of WalMart and Time Warner .
The major female characters are treated sympathetically as real people with pretty complicated lives .
The supernatural elements in the novel were introduced for a purpose : to suggest that the consensus about reality defined by Enlightenment ideas is yielding to a different consensus about reality -- one less grounded in empiricism and logical positivism .
I went this way because it seemed probable that socio-economic changes so profound would have to produce changes in fundamental views of reality .
Robert Rapier 's recent review ofcan be found here
PRESS RELEASE
Where Does McCain Stand on Petraeus Violating Military Chain of Command ?
April 25 , 2008 ( EIRNS ) — This release was issued yesterday by the Lyndon LaRouche Political Action Committee ( LPAC ) .
Now that Gen. David Petraeus has been appointed as the head of the U.S. Central Command ( CENTCOM ) , military leaders are expressing a grave concern that this will even further destroy the chain of command in the U.S. military by extending the direct " stovepipe " from Petraeus to President George Bush that has been operating in Iraq .
The appointment of Petraeus to this post , and the resignation of Admiral William Fallon , his predecessor , were both forced by Dick Cheney , report informed Washington sources .
Lyndon LaRouche asks , " Where does John McCain stand on this issue of the chain of command ? "
As a veteran , former officer , and former prisoner of war , McCain is well - aware of the folly of making military deployments based on political agendas , especially from this White House , which forced out competent military leaders like Army Chief of Staff , Gen. Eric Shinseki because he dared to warn that the U.S. was going into Iraq with insufficient troops .
McCain blindly supports Cheney 's agenda in Iraq — especially the " hundred year " occupation .
Petraeus , while he was commander of the U.S. forces in Iraq , had a direct line to the White House , bypassing the CENTCOM commander , the Secretary of Defense , and the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and thereby avoiding and bypassing the concerns of seasoned and experienced military leaders .
As CENTCOM commander , Petraeus will oversee all of Southwest Asia , including Iran , Afghanistan , Pakistan , and parts of Africa .
He would be the lead military figure if Dick Cheney is able to implement his goal of war against Iran before this administration leaves office .
More than a year after it was pulled from Antarctica 's icy depths , the world 's largest squid ever captured is finally expected to be closely examined this month .
The squid , weighing 495kg and estimated to be six to eight metres long , has remained on ice at the Te Papa Tongarewa museum in Wellington since it was pulled from the Ross Sea by New Zealand fishermen last February .
A statement from the museum today said scientists from New Zealand and Japan have been invited to lead the examination of the specimen on April 30 , which is from a species known as colossal squid .
TheGardenLady received this question from Rachel :
I ’m at college studying floristry and I ’m trying to find the seasonal availability for Aspidistra but can not find it anywhere .
I was wondering if you could help me on that one please .
The Aspidistra is a plant that is a native of the Eastern Himalayas , Taiwan , China , and Japan .
In the US it is grown as a houseplant unless you live in Zones 7 ( preferably 7 b ) and warmer climates .
In the warmer climates the Aspidistra plant is grown outdoors as an evergreen foliage plant .
( You can attempt to grow it in Zone 6 b provided you do n’t have temperatures dropping too low because a hard winter will knock the leaves off , or , although they probably will grow back by June because the root is so tough , will look ratty if frozen . )
( In 6 b you can attempt to grow Aspidistra outdoors if you put a wire container around it and fill it with a mulch of something like leaves or boughs of evergreens to a depth of a few feet during the winter . )
Aspidistra is a tough plant that will take lots of abuse and still live , especially as an indoor plant , thus the name Cast Iron Plant .
The people of the Victorian period loved this hardy plant and now it is making somewhat of a comeback in people ’s homes .
However , as indicated at this website , because it is such a slow grower , a lot of nurseries do n’t want to raise Aspidistra plants .
If you want to buy the plant you can get it anytime if you buy it on line .
A great source is this site for buying aspidistra .
Asiatica Nursery owner Barry Yinger says that his Aspadistra plants are available anytime you see the photos on his website .
Mr. Yinger is a lovely person to contact if you have any questions about Aspidistras or other Asiatic plants that he sells .
He is extremely knowledgeable about the plants he sells and has traveled to Asia numerous times and knows many of the areas where the plants are native .
Any questions you have about the Aspidistra plant not answered on his site , he will happily answer : for example , he told me that he divides his Aspidistra clumps in the late summer or fall , though he said they are so tough that you can probably divide them at other times .
Here is another website for the care of Aspidistra when you ’re growing the plant indoors .
Be Sociable , Share !
Related Content :
Oh , those wretched " disruptive " passengers !
Poor British Airways .
They can't even ship off a crying man to Nigeria with the boys in blue to keep him quiet without passengers objecting and disrupting and disturbing their lovely aeroplanes .
No wonder all the economy - class passengers were chucked off flight BA075 to Lagos on 27 March rather than have them object to the deportation of a crying man .
Quite right , too .
Indeed , having long ago abandoned British Airways – arrogant check - in staff and Roxy usherette stewards and stewardesses – I 've always thought the airline should be broken up and left with a core institution .
Deportation Airlines , for example , or – if that sounds a trifle downmarket – Guantanamo Airlines , or even Rendition Airlines .
Of course , it 's easy to be snotty with an airline that can be so haughty that it regards its own customers as an inconvenience .
I wo n't recount the episode some years ago when I was asked at Heathrow if I had any sharp implements in my hand baggage .
I do not have any sharp implements in my hand baggage , I replied .
That was not good enough .
" Answer ' yes ' or ' no ' , Sir , " I was admonished .
My God , what had I done wrong ?
Was I in danger of suffering something worse than capital punishment : for instance , the British Airways " life ban " which has apparently been imposed on Ayodeji Omotade , who was arrested , stripped of his cash and abandoned at Heathrow because he objected to the deportation of the young man – anonymous , of course – on BA075 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
What quite took my breath away was the outrageous letter that Jim Forster wrote to The Independent this week .
Rejoicing in the title of " Manager , Government [ sic ] and Industry Affairs , British Airways , " Jim Forster wrote with apparent indifference to passengers ' feelings , which I consider symbolise his awful airline .
For it seems that quite a lot of the other 136 passengers in economy class were also distressed at the way in which the deportee was being treated .
Indeed , Jim admits in his letter that the deportee 's presence " led to a large number of passengers causing such a serious disturbance that it required the intervention of 20 uniformed police officers to regain control of the situation .
Given the level of disruption it was not possible to pinpoint which passengers were the most involved ... "
Now hold on a minute , Jim .
Do you mean that 20 coppers – in addition to the four or five already keeping your deportee quiet , though crying – all marched into economy class to repress those " disruptive " passengers ?
Or did they hang around at the gate , thereby exaggerating the extent of the " disruptiveness " ?
And I do n't mean to be rude , but – after the catastrophe of Terminal Five – do n't you realise that the most disruptive institution at Heathrow is called British Airways ?
But I get the point .
It 's okay to ship thousands of your passengers ' checked baggage items off to Milan – but they 've got to shut up when you allow a weeping man to be dragged aboard for deportation .
Then there 's the killer line at the beginning of your letter .
" British Airways , like all other UK airlines , is required by law to carry deportees at the Government 's request . "
Not so , Jim .
A pilot has full discretion not to fly if a passenger – even a mere deportee – boards in a state of distress .
You did , of course , choose not to mention in your letter that passengers ( no doubt highly " disruptive " ) objected to the treatment of a female detainee forced aboard a Sabena flight at Brussels airport some years ago .
The pilot refused to fly her , the police restraining her were ordered off the plane and the passengers commended the crew .
I can see why this would n't factor into your own letter because – and again , I am sure you are aware of this – the woman deportee subsequently died from her treatment at the hands of the Belgian police .
Then there 's your unpleasant reminder that " we also have a zero - tolerance approach to any type of disturbance an aircraft ... "
Well yes , I would hope so .
But then explain to me , please , what kind of " disturbance " Salman Rushdie was causing on your planes when you banned him from British Airways after Ayatollah Khomeini uttered a death threat against him ?
Remember , Jim ?
British Airways was so frightened of carrying Rushdie that they simply refused to fly him .
Now I 'm no Rushdie fan , but does that mean that if one of my books gets up the nose of an Iranian ayatollah you 're going to slap a ban on me , too ?
Does that make me a " disruptive " passenger , Jim ?
Now I do n't believe that airlines are all bad .
I fly Air France – everywhere – and say this in all innocence .
Other than a frequent - flyer card I have no financial interest in this excellent airline , and I urge British Airways passengers to transfer their affections to Air France next time they have to travel long distance .
But I calculate that my lecture trips probably net Air France up to £ 60,000 a year and I guess it was inevitable that , some time ago , British Airways encouraged me to fly with them from Beirut to the American continent .
Just one trip , they told me , and I 'll see how British Airways treats its passengers .
And of course , sucker Bob bought a business class return across the Atlantic , found the crew polite and friendly , but then – on returning to Heathrow for my onward connection to Beirut – was downgraded to economy class .
Flourishing a fistful of dollars in compensation , the Heathrow staff told me that the flight was overbooked .
No , it was n't their fault , Jim .
I know that .
But it was the same old BA story .
Too many of us animals had turned up for your flight and the last donkeys in transit got sent to the stalls at the back .
I suppose I should have been grateful that I did n't have the pilot of BA075 at the controls .
But I never returned to British Airways .
So there 's not much point in giving me the only honour I would like from you – a life - ban in case I am ever tempted to fly on your wretched aeroplanes again .
Bush scales back McCain events
President Bush is scaling back next week ’s fundraising swings for Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) at the request of the campaign , which wants the events closed to the press , Politico has learned .
The change — in both Arizona and Utah — is part of McCain ’s delicate effort to find the balance between embracing an unpopular president and taking advantage of his huge continuing draw with well - heeled Republicans .
Advertisement
The Arizona event , which was to be at the Phoenix Convention Center , was the first time Bush was to have appeared with McCain since their White House meeting in March .
A McCain aide said : “ The McCain campaign has a policy that fundraising events are closed press .
In keeping with that policy , the campaign requested the event be moved to a private home . ”
On Tuesday , the president was to appear with McCain at the Phoenix Convention Center at a McCain for President and Republican National Committee Victory Reception .
And on Wednesday , Bush was to appear at Salt Lake City ’s Grand America Hotel with former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney at a McCain for President and Republican National Committee Victory Reception ( followed by a more exclusive dinner at the Romneys ’ Park City home ) .
Now , both of the public events will be at private residences .
As recently as Wednesday , Salt Lake media were saying the event would be at the Grand America .
A White House official gave the same explanation as the McCain campaign : “ As you know , we have a practice of having fundraisers in public venues as open to press and fundraisers in private residences closed to press to preserve the hosts ' privacy .
The [ McCain campaign ’s ] practice has been to have all fundraisers be closed .
And so a decision was made to move the location to comply with the practices . ”
The Phoenix Business Journal reports that other factors also played a part : “ Sources familiar with the situation said the Bush - McCain event was not selling enough tickets to fill the Convention Center space , and that there were concerns about more anti-war protesters showing up outside the venue than attending the fundraiser inside . ”
A private reception at the Phoenix Convention Center event was going to cost $ 25,000 , while a larger reception was $ 1,000 , or $ 2,300 with a lapel pin .
At the Salt Lake hotel , a host - committee luncheon was open to those who raised or contributed $ 10,000 per person , while the larger reception was $ 500 per person .
The Park City dinner is open to those who raise or contribute $ 70,100 per couple , or $ 30,800 per person .
Barack Obama 's massive , smoothly integrated volunteer organization has been a mainstay of his campaign .
Obama readies plan to reshape the electorate
Even as he fends off Senator Hillary Clinton in the Democratic nomination contest , Senator Barack Obama is already turning his attention to the general election , and to an ambitious plan to reshape the American electorate in his favor .
Bringing new voters to the polls " is going to be a very big part of how we win , " said Obama 's deputy campaign manager , Steve Hildebrand , in an interview .
" Barack 's appeal to independent voters is also going to be key . "
Advertisement
Hildebrand said the campaign is likely to turn its attention and the energy of its massive volunteer army this fall on registering African - American voters , and voters under 35 years old , in key states .
" Can it change the math in Ohio ?
Very much so , " he said .
" If you look at the vote spread between Bush and Kerry in 2004 - we could potentially erase that . "
President George W. Bush carried Ohio by about 119,000 votes in 2004 , winning the state despite a massive , expensive Democratic effort to mobilize voters there .
And there 's some reason for skepticism that Obama can do better than Senator John Kerry and his allies .
Every four years , Democrats claim , and reporters write , that a massive voter registration and field operation will reshape the electorate in their favor .
In recent years , they 've been matched or bested by the Republican National Committee 's targeted outreach to likely Republican voters .
" It 's something that Democrats have tried , " said Bill Steiner , the Republican National Committee 's director of strategy .
" The 2004 election kind of speaks for itself , particularly in Ohio , where that was a big fear . "
But there are signs that this year could be different .
In the Obama campaign , youth turnout and Internet - based organizing - so often promised , and rarely delivered in the past - have been made real .
And the first black nominee could reach deep into the large non-voting tracts within the African - American community .
" There 's the potential here to change American politics for a while .
Under - 35 voters are just so overwhelmingly Democrats .
Getting them registered is a simple , important , not - easy part of that — and Obama can , " said Jim Jordan , a consultant who ran the independent group that headed Democrats ' national field operation in 2004 , America Coming Together .
" And the voters who do register will actually vote .
African - American voters , under - 30 voters will be hugely self - motivated .
They 'll get to the polls in numbers that are n't typical for new registrants , and they 'll do it on their own , on top of the strong turn out mechanics that the Obama guys will surely bring to bear . "
Michael Slater , the deputy director of the non-partisan Project Vote , also said he found the Obama campaign 's hopes of a dramatic increase in the participation " very plausible " for younger and black voters , groups , he said , which are under - represented in the electorate .
" There 's a long history of a lot of hype not delivering on election day , " he said .
But in this case , " there certainly is a great potential for an African - American candidate to appeal to some voters who have been out of the electorate . "
Obama 's massive , smoothly integrated volunteer organization has been a mainstay of his campaign .
It has been central to his success in caucus states such as Minnesota and Idaho , where a volunteer army - organized online - preceded and noticeably bolstered his staff 's organizing efforts , helping to build the huge victory margins that have made him the frontrunner .
His voter registration efforts have drawn far less attention .
But they were there from the start .
When Obama toured Iowa last February in his first campaign swing , his campaign brought along voter registration cards .
As the race there heated up , voter registration became a quiet focus , with registration drives in colleges and even high schools that helped drive Obama 's victory .
South Carolina , Hildebrand said , was the site of another intensive effort .
" A great case study for voter registration was the South Carolina primary , where we dramatically expanded the African - American vote and dramatically expanded the youth vote , " he said .
" It was such a big part of getting us to that 28 - point margin of victory . "
Another high - stakes voter registration drive just concluded in Pennsylvania , where the deadline to register as a Democrat and participate in the primary was March 24 .
The Pennsylvania Department of State reports that more than 234,000 voters have either newly registered as Democrats or switched from other parties , and the state has n't finished counting the new registrations .
" We put together a massive effort , " said Hildebrand , saying that the numbers include " over 200k Obama supporters " - an impressive number , and likely more than 10 percent of the total turnout in the primary .
Hildebrand declined to discuss in detail the campaign 's preparations for this summer and fall , but he said planning has begun for a major voter registration push .
" We are pretty convinced that Barack is going to be the nominee , and so we 're going to prepare for a general election no matter how long this two - person race goes , " he said .
" What we did with those two demographic groups [ in South Carolina and elsewhere ] is what we will have the capacity to do in the general election in every state where there 's large pockets of under - 35s and African - Americans " - states that include Ohio , Florida , Pennsylvania , New Mexico , and other battlegrounds .
The recent Pennsylvania drive reveals elements of that effort .
It includes a traditional ground operation , with staffers flooding the state from offices across Pennsylvania .
Obama also ran radio ads aimed at young people and at African - Americans , encouraging them to register .
His website , meanwhile , includes a section that facilitates registration in each of the primary states by filling out a completed registration form in each of the states , and offering details on where and how to submit it .
But Obama - whose campaign is entwined with his biography on many levels - has also made his own experience registering voters part of the story , something that 's likely to gain a higher profile as national efforts step up .
In 1992 , he served as the director of Project Vote 's Chicago successful Chicago effort to raise minority voter participation , a chapter that 's the subject of a video Obama narrates on his website .
The video suggests that the project helped turn Illinois to Bill Clinton that year .
Together with Obama 's proven appeal to independent voters , his campaign 's focus on increasing turnout of younger and black voters -- his base -- could counterbalance hints of weakness among more traditional swing voters like the working - class whites known as Reagan Democrats .
Senator John McCain is running strong in many polls in key states , and is expected to challenge Obama for many of those voters .
But McCain lacks a motivated new cadre of supporters , and even the traditional Republican volunteer base - evangelical Christians - views him with skepticism .
" Where Obama really has the comparative advantage is his volunteers , " said Michael McDonald , an expert on voter turnout at George Mason University .
" When you look at McCain , one of his weaknesses is that he's not a candidate who is going to excite the Evangelical hard conservative base .
He 's not going to have the volunteers in place to do the same sort of mobilization efforts that an Obama would do . "
The record turnout in many Democratic primaries suggests the same .
Obama , for instance , received more votes in Virginia than the leading Republicans combined .
" There 's a big difference in what 's happening in the two parties , " said Simon Rosenberg , a Democratic strategist , who cited the Democratic candidates ' superior online organizing .
" The possibility of running a very large , very powerful , and very effective campaign to register voters is something the Obama campaign could pull off this summer . "
" Do the Right Drugs , " it recommends , laying out the pros and cons of eight drugs — some legal , some not — that it says can “ boost your cognitive output . "
Brains + drugs = fried eggs , right ?
Not always .
Order online
Buy from manufacturer
Tap black market
Fake illness to get prescription
Hit drugstore
I do n't quite get what the Times ' position is , other than " Wired is suggesting you do meth ! "
Well , no .
That was n't the point at all .
Let 's look at some of the side effects I listed : " Parkinson 's - like symptoms , addiction , stroke , psychosis , prison , death . "
Oh , hey , and in the " what it does " column , I also note " Prolonged use can also make you stupid and crazy . "
Does that sound like an endorsement to you ?
I 'll tell you one thing about Wired that I really appreciate : we do n't assume our readers are idiots .
Look , here 's the thing : meth can help you focus and accomplish menial and creative tasks — just as is true of other amphetamines .
It boosts dopamine output .
Plain and simple .
Does that mean it 's worth doing ?
No ...
Why , this may shock you , but here 's the thing : Cocaine is exceptionally fun .
LSD ?
It genuinely alters your perception .
I 'm not suggesting that you do either of these .
Both conspired , unsuccessfully , to kill me and I would no more try either today than I would attempt to put a rattlesnake in my anus .
I am older and wiser and recognize that the benefits are not worth the risks ...
Drugs , especially highly addictive ones like speed or cocaine or heroin or ones with powerful psychological components like LSD , tend to not be worth the price you pay for their use .
Obviously the answer is no .
Why the question ??
Slow news day ?
has erupted , this time between Wired magazine , the New York Times , and a reporter 's blog .
And what fueled all the noise was less than 300 words in a tiny chart — and an unexpected admission of past drug use .
( Which in no way resembled the " Faces of Meth " public service ad pictured above . )
Reporter Mat Honan is a friend of mine , and he's not a drug addict , a street pusher , or even a very regular blogger .
But he created a table of eight drugs which affect your thinking for last month 's Wired — seven prescription or over - the - counter drugs , plus methamphetamine .
And that 's when the tabloid - esque headlines started .
" Is Wired Pushing Illegal Drug Use ? " read one headline , linking to a New York Times article by reporter Lia Miller .
In the Times ' " Media and Advertising " section , she 'd asked disingenuously " does Wired magazine really mean to promote drugs ? " calling their eight - drug table " somewhat disarming .
" Yes , Wired had tried to provoked interest in their table by including a 34 - word introduction .
But as the Times had obviously recognized , nearly all of the drugs listed were legal , including nicotine .
( Wired noted it neurochemically increases attention and memory formation , while listing as its side effects " addiction , cancer , and social isolation . " )
And for the commonly - abused drugs , Wired listed side effects which might dampen the enthusiasm of recreational users .
For Adderall , a popular black market prescription medication for ADHD , Wired listed as side effects " addiction " and also " heart attack , " while for methamphetamine , the side effects included " stroke " and " death . "
" In the context , no one can seriously conclude that we are suggesting that Wired readers take these substances , " Wired 's managing editor , Bob Cohn , told the New York Times .
But the Times still insisted they were n't completely placated , arguing that " Given the magazine 's cheeky writing style , that may be lost . "
Wired had apparently failed to be rigorous enough in their anti-drug posturing , even sardonically listing each of the eight drugs with a color code identifying " how to get it .
" Rather than a straight - out condemnation , Wired had simply issued a gentle reminder about personal responsibility .
" We at Wired are n't doctors .
Anyone who takes a bushel of drugs based on our say - so must be high . "
" I should probably just let it go , " Wired 's reporter wrote on his personal blog , but the piece " is just such a hand - wringing piece of bullshit that I have to weigh in .
"
In defending the article , Wired 's reporter shared a surprising level of straight talk .
Soon Gawker had taken note of the blog post , giving it their own spin with the headline " Wired Drug Writer Has His Own Drug Expertise . "
" It was a stupid controversy over a relatively innocuous drug story , " Gawker began , saying " The Wired piece did n't deserve criticism for its content , " but then adding : " it might have been served by some disclosure . "
Gawker ultimately supported Honan 's position — albeit in a snarky way — though ironically , both Gawker 's article and the New York Times ' ended up being longer than Honan 's original table .
"
We 'll never solve society 's problems if we can't at least speak honestly about them , " Honan had written on his blog .
But in the end , the Times had simply led its readers through yet - another exercise in knee - jerk denunciations , and there was no discussion about drug policy whatsoever .
When the Times article was linked from the Huffington Post , it drew just nine comments — three of which were about the site 's pop -up ads .
But at least this time there was some justifiable media criticism online to go along with the faux outrage .
One of Gawker 's commenters jokingly asked what kind of high they'd get from putting a rattlesnake in their anus .
" Is it a jumpy high , like cocaine , or a dancey , laughy high , like shrooms , or is it groovy , like LSD ?
Does anyone know where I could score a rattlesnake in midtown ?
" And maybe the parody of the impressionability is the ultimate point .
" I do n't think Wired could influence anyone to take meth , " Wired 's managing editor had told the Times .
Instead , one Huffington Post commenter objected only to the " underlying moral self righteousness " of the headline — " Is Wired Pushing Illegal Drug Use ? " — as another suggested a strong rebuttal .
The New York Times did not return our request for a comment , meaning that the online community ultimately gets the last word . " [ A ] s long as we 're shaming , maybe the New York Times should be ashamed of itself , " Honan wrote on his blog , " for assuming we are a nation of six year olds who can't be spoken to honestly or trusted to make rational decisions .
" And then he linked to a video by Bill Hicks , who more than 14 years ago had laid out the case against the media 's over - simplified talking points — and maybe implicitly endorsed Wired 's more honest tone about the real effects of drugs .
" Would n't that be newsworthy ?
Just once to base your decision on information rather than scare tactics and superstitions and lies ?
Just once ?
" I think it would be newsworthy . "
What part of exercising power does n't Harry Reid get ?
The Washington Post reports him " pleading " with the White House .
And yet , it is his decision which version of the FISA bill to have the Senate consider , and by choosing to bring forward the bad one , he is knowingly forcing opponents of yet another " get out of jail free card " for Cheney cronies to get 60 votes to strip it out of the bill .
Or filibuster yet again .
This is the last straw .
Time and again he has abdicated his leadership , claiming he is " personally " opposed to things , while collaborating to stack the deck in favor of the other side of the policy issue .
Reid has got to go .
The one click form below will send your personal message to all your members of Congress selected below , including Senate majority leader Harry Reid , with the subject " Reid Must Step Down As Majority Leader Over His Telecom Immunity Surrender "
At the same time you can send your personal comments only as a letter to the editor of your nearest local daily newspaper if you like .
Sometimes we look at great innovation and are compelled to compare like creations in evaluating them .
More often than not it is the differences between websites that appeals to us .
All these startups of the last two years have so much in common , but useful aspects outside commonality are sometimes the reasons we choose one over the other .
In the case of SecondBrain even slight differentiations mark a truly fascinating development .
It is important to let people know about all their choices and that is the reason for this article – to make Search Engine Journal readers aware of a fantastic tool and a worthwhile community .
SecondBrain Is Not FriendFeed
In a conversation the other day someone in the know asked me the difference between SecondBrain and FriendFeed .
SecondBrain has an entirely different philosophy and methodology when it comes to content .
FriendFeed is essentially a “ Twitter like ” instant notification of people ’s activity around content .
The service is well designed and effective for what it does , but SecondBrain is a much deeper platform for sharing and building life streaming events and content .
SecondBrain uses API access for more in depth access to services while FriendFeed utilizes RSS to grab snippets of information .
Aside design differences and aesthetics , the ability to mix and share content on SecondBrain is not resident for the FriendFeed user .
While the FriendFeed content is generated by users from their services , it is not as dynamic as the collections of data on SecondBrain .
One might call Friendfeed a very good ticker tape of activity , while SecondBrain is an interactive Library .
With upcoming features like advanced site search and messaging , SecondBrain will further delineate itself from this “ perceived ” competition , where no competition actually exists .
The two developments are actually completely different in design and purpose .
Profilactic Prevents
What ?
Profilactic , besides being spelled wrong , is nothing more than another Twitter like application except with a ton of services attached .
The service is very useful , but I believe it will soon be obsolete as developers come to drips with the fact that not everyone on the planet wants a digital variant of “ The Truman Show ” .
SecondBrain , as discussed previously , is not really a competitor for either of these platforms because the goals are much more dynamic in the end .
The world ’s largest online library of content is a far cry from letting friends know you visited several sites today .
Sites like Profilactic essentially prevent a user from missing out on their friend ’s activity while doing lunch , while SecondBrain is building a library and a community .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Terms Defined
Community is one of those Buzz words we have all come to love and hate at the same time .
I suppose we could loosely define FriendFeed and Profilactic as communities , but I think they are really just TV sets into some activities of friends .
SecondBrain on the other hand has these capabilities vie LifeStream , while continually adding more community based features .
The numbers of services at the former two aggregators are impressive , but not when one looks at what some of these services are .
SecondBrain is clearly behind in this regard .
However , we must always look to the future of a startup in order to evaluate them .
SecondBrain got behind because of a technical issue , but has maintained the same vision throughout .
These other services ( and there are many examples in other venues ) are geared to cling to super popular niceities like Twitter and Facebook .
A real application should do more than “ holler ” at other people in the end .
Twitter is not something to emulate , but rather something to use .
This is where FriendFeed and Profilactic missed the boat .
When people grow weary of the Lifestream , there will be nothing beneath it .
Phyllis Bean , who is in a culinary training program , skimps on her own meals so her little girl can eat .
Soaring food prices
The price of many foods has spiked in the past year Food Price 1 - year change Bananas ( per lb . ) $ 0.597 17.1 % Bread ( per lb. ) 1.350 16.3 Chicken breast ( per lb. ) 2.377 6.0 Dried beans ( per lb. ) 1.059 21.6 Eggs ( per doz . ) 2.203 34.8 Flour ( per lb. ) 0.489 37.0 Milk ( per gal . ) 3.781 23.1 Pasta ( per lb. ) 1.079 18.6 Source : Bureau of Labor Statistics Photos America 's Money :
In their own words View photos Everyday folks tell their stories about hard economic times .
Check back frequently for new stories .
WASHINGTON , D.C. ( CNNMoney.com ) --
For Phyllis Bean , higher food prices mean going hungry so her 4 - month - old baby girl can eat .
The Washington resident 's $ 280 monthly food stamp allotment does n't last very long these days , even though she gets a free lunch at a culinary training program at D.C. Central Kitchen .
By mid-month , Bean is often reduced to eating canned ravioli and peanut butter and jelly so she can afford to buy milk and baby cereal for McKiya .
By month 's end , her refrigerator is empty .
" When I go to the counter , I have to put some of my food back so I can get her food , " said Bean , 21 , who also receives $ 65 a month from a federal program available to women with young children .
" I try to buy less meats and more starchy food that will last me - noodles , ravioli , rice , peanut butter and jelly . "
Soaring food costs are putting a strain on many Americans ' budgets .
In the first three months of the year alone , they jumped 5.3 % , and that 's on top of a 4.9 % increase in 2007 .
But for those on food stamps , higher prices for milk , eggs , bread and other staples often mean tough choices and empty bellies .
Many are forced to forgo fresh vegetables and meat , while loading up on pasta and potatoes .
Others are turning to churches , food banks and other charities , which are already strained by the increased demand .
To alleviate the crunch on the nation 's roughly 28 million people on food stamps , advocates are calling for Congress to pass a temporary mid-year boost in benefits .
They are also fighting for changes in how the monthly allotment is computed to make it better reflect the expenses of today 's recipients .
" It 's been very tough for families , " said Stacy Dean , director of food assistance policy for the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities , a liberal - leaning think tank .
" They do n't have the flexibility in their budgets so they just do n't buy as much food or they buy cheap food or they skip meals altogether .
Congress can and should act to help people survive the spike in prices . "
Support system put to the test
One in 11 Americans receive food stamps , according to federal statistics .
As the economy weakens , more and more people are turning to this support system .
Households receive an average of about $ 1 per person per meal .
Individuals ' payments are capped at $ 162 a month while a family of four can get a maximum of $ 542 a month .
Benefits are adjusted every October based on the federal food inflation rate for the previous June .
Last year , recipients saw a benefit boost of 4.6 % , one of the largest in the last decade .
" Over time , the increase in food stamp benefit ... does keep up with rate of inflation , " said Kate Houston , deputy undersecretary at the U.S. Department of Agriculture , which runs the food program .
" The maximum benefits and the benefits that individuals receive are designed to supplement the food budgets and they do keep up with food prices . "
Acknowledging that the rise in food costs may be tough on some people , Houston said recipients can find recipes and suggestions on the agency 's
Web site on how to make their food dollars go further .
But with the cost of eggs soaring 35 % , milk 23 % and bread 16 % over the past year , recipients interviewed last week in the nation 's capital say they have had to make radical changes to their diets in recent months .
One in seven D.C. residents receive food stamps - among the the nation 's highest per-capita rates .
Sylvia
Ford is one of them .
The $ 135 she gets each month lasts two weeks , leaving her dependent on food banks such as Bread for the City .
A year ago , the single mother of four grown children could afford lemons .
Now it 's only lemon juice .
Gone are the occasional treats of shrimp or crabmeat .
Instead it 's stews or soups that she can string out over several days .
" I 'm just trying to stretch it more , " said Ford , 55 , who is unemployed but volunteers at the food bank .
" I have to come here to get a bag of food to make ends meet . "
The maximum food stamp benefit no longer covers the cost of the " thrifty food plan , " the menu of food items the government uses to calculate its allotment .
In March , it cost $ 567.20 to buy the items in the plan for a family of four , compared to $ 542.10 last June , when the inflation adjustment was set .
A mid-year benefit boost ?
As food stamp recipients such as Ford struggle with this spike in the shadow of the Capitol , lawmakers inside are mulling ways to increase benefits both temporarily and permanently .
One measure under consideration is a mid-year adjustment of up to 15 % .
The idea was dropped from the economic stimulus plan President Bush signed in mid-February , but the continued rise in food prices has kept the issue alive and some politicians want it passed as part of a second stimulus package .
Another set of changes working its way through Congress as part of the farm bill would gradually increase benefits .
The legislation would make the food stamp formula more sensitive to inflation , as well as eliminate the cap on deducting child care expenses and exempt retirement accounts from asset limits , among other items .
While the farm bill measures are important , advocates say , they would n't immediately address the spikes in food prices the way a 15 % benefit boost would .
They say a mid-year adjustment is very important .
" It would provide enormous relief , " Dean said .
" It could get help into people 's hands in a month . "
The charitable trust of “ Lord of the Rings ” creator J.R.R. Tolkien sued New Line Cinema Corp. on Monday for allegedly cheating it out of at least $ 150 million from the blockbuster movie trilogy based on the late British author ’s fantasy sagas .
The London - based Tolkien Trust said in its complaint , filed in Los Angeles Superior Court , that under a 1969 contract with the studio that held the original rights to the work , the trust and other plaintiffs were entitled to 7.5 % of gross receipts , “ less certain expenses , ” from the films and related products .
According to the suit , worldwide grosses from the trilogy have reached nearly $ 6 billion .
The studio declined comment Monday , spokesman Robert Pini said , citing a New Line policy against discussing “ matters in litigation . ”
Bonnie Eskenazi , a Los Angeles lawyer representing the Tolkien Trust and co-plaintiff HarperCollins publishers , said the studio ’s position was that it owed nothing .
Advertisement
“ To take the position that a gross participant in a film of that magnitude gets not one penny strikes me as bizarre , ” said Eskenazi , a partner in the entertainment law firm of Bert Fields .
New Zealander Peter Jackson , who directed the mega - hit series , was embroiled in his own lengthy lawsuit against New Line , but the parties settled in December , clearing the way for Jackson to be co-executive producer of “ The Hobbit . ” “ Hobbit ” will be adapted from Tolkien ’s novel of the same title , which preceded the “ Rings ” trilogy .
In addition to $ 150 million in compensatory damages and unspecified punitive damages , the trust seeks to terminate New Line ’s rights , which would bring “ The Hobbit ” to a halt .
--
Advertisement
thomas.mulligan@latimes.com
Artificial Finnish
Order
Symbols , Signals , and Noise
from Powell 's Symbols , Signals , and Noise , that if you compile a table of the relative frequencies of three - letter sequences ( trigraphs ) in English text , and then generate random text with the same trigraph frequencies , the result cannot be distinguished from meaningful English text except by people who actually know English .
Examples were provided , containing weird but legitimate - sounding words like " deamy " and " grocid " , and the claim seemed plausible .
But since I did actually know English , I could not properly evaluate it .
But around that time the Internet was just beginning to get into full swing .
The Finnish government was investing a lot of money in networking infrastructure , and a lot of people in Finland were starting to appear on the Internet .
I have a funny story about that :
Around the same time , a colleague named Marc Edgar approached me in the computer lab to ask if I knew of any Internet - based medium he could use to chat with his friend at the University of Oulu .
I thought at first that he was putting me on ( and maybe he was ) because in 1989 the University of Oulu was just about the only place in the world where a large number of people were accessible via internet chat , IRC having been invented there the previous autumn .
A new set of Finnish - language newsgroups had recently appeared on Usenet , and people posted to them in Finnish .
So I had access to an unlimited supply of computer - readable Finnish text , something which would have been unthinkable a few years before , and I could do the experiment in Finnish .
I wrote up the program , which is not at all difficult , gathered Finnish news articles , and produced the following sample : Uttavalon estaa ain pahalukselle ?
Min omatunu selle menneet hy , toista .
Palveljen alh tkö an välin oli ei alkohol pisten jol elenin .
Että , ille , ittavaikki oli nim tor taisuuristä usein an sie a in sittä asia krista sillo si mien loinullun , herror os ; riitä heitä suurinteen palve in kuk usemma .
Tomalle , äs nto tai sattia yksin taisiä isiäk isuuri illää hetorista .
Varsi kaikenlaineet ja pu distoja paikelmai en tulissa sai itsi mielim ssän jon sn ässäksi ; yksen kos oihin !
Jehovat oli kukahdol ten on teistä vak kkiasian aa itse ee eik tse sani olin mutta todistanut t llisivat oisessa sittä on raaj a vaisen opinen .
Ihmisillee stajan opea tajat ja jumalang , sitten per sa ollut aantutta että voinen opeten .
Ettuj , jon käs iv telijoitalikantaminun hä seen jälki yl nilla , kkeen , vaaraajil tuneitteistamaan same ?
In those days , the world was 7 - bit , and Finnish text was posted in a Finnish national variant of ASCII that caused words like " tkö an välin " to look like " tk| an v{lin " .
The presence of the curly braces heightened the apparent similarity , because that was all you could see at first glance .
At the time I was pleased , but now I think I see some defects .
There are some vowelless words , such as " sn " and " t " , which I think does n't happen in Finnish .
Some other words look defective : " ssän " and " kkeen " , for example .
Also , my input sample was n't big enough , so once the program generated " alk " it was stuck doing the rest of " alkohol " .
Still , I think this could pass for Finnish if the reader was n't paying much attention .
I was satisfied with the results of the experiment , and was willing to believe that randomly - contructed English really did look enough like English to fool a non-English - speaking observer .
[ Addendum 20080514 : There is a followup to this article . ] [ Addendum 20080601 : Some additional notes . ]
[ Other articles in category / lang ] permanent link
But memos have been sent to staff asking them not to use it and some have been given training which encouraged them to use the alternative of thought showers .
The House Judiciary Committee has unanimously approved the Pro-IP Act , a legislative proposal which aims to impose stronger penalties for copyright infringement .
The approval is no surprise , since the bill 's chief sponsor is committee chairman Rep. John Conyers .
The bill would create a new position for a federal copyright enforcement czar , establish a new copyright enforcement division within the Department of Justice , and would also permit law enforcement agents to seize property from perpetrators of copyright infringement .
A controversial provision in the bill — which would have significantly raised the financial penalties for infringement by allowing the recording industry to collect damages for each track copied from a CD — was removed after receiving widespread criticism from critics and intellectual property law experts .
The Judiciary Committee 's approval of the bill has been welcomed by the Copyright Alliance , an industry - backed group that has lobbied fiercely for more extreme copyright protection .
" The PRO IP Act contains numerous means to increase copyright enforcement both domestically as well as abroad , where the US Trade Representative 's most recent report shows piracy remains rampant , " said Patrick Ross , executive director of the Copyright Alliance , in a statement .
" The Copyright Alliance applauds the work of the House Judiciary Committee and the leadership of Chairman John Conyers and Ranking Member Lamar Smith , for advancing this important piece of legislation today .
Given the high stakes involved , we expect expedient action by the full House of Representatives . "
The Pro-IP
Act 's property seizure issue is still contentious and viewed with serious concern by many who have studied the systematic abuses of the same practices in the War on Drugs .
Although the Judiciary Committee 's approval is only the first step for the Pro-IP Act and many challenges remain before it can become a law .
Its supporters are facing some time constraints , since the upcoming election will likely slow down legislative efforts in Congress .
If the Pro-IP Act does n't pass both chambers before the end of the year , they will have to start again in the following session .
The content industry will likely continue its lobbying efforts in an effort to smooth out any potential speed bumps .
This sounds like serious trouble ahead , possibly with the US Justice Department and SEC .
John McCain ’s leading economic adviser and co-campaign chair Phil Gramm needs to explain why his client is telling employees to avoid travel to the US .
Should n’t we expect more from a possible Treasury Secretary ?
Has the bar really been lowered this far ?
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Most of the Supreme Court justices piled up a lot frequent flyer miles in 2007 , jetting to such exotic locales as Austria , India and Hawaii , according to financial disclosure reports released Friday .
The U.S. Supreme Court justices at a shoot for their 2006 " class photo . "
And they generally have a good bit of spending money for their travels , based on reported investment income .
The records , which were released Friday by the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts , confirm what has been known for some time : that most of the justices are relatively well - off financially .
The eight associate justices make $ 208,100 in annual wages plus income from a variety of resources .
Federal judges are not required to publicly release exact income figures , just a general range .
The wealthiest justice may be David Souter , with a wise investment he made years ago in a Vermont bank paying off handsomely .
His assets in Chittenden Corp. are valued from $ 5 million to $ 25 million .
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 's asset totals are boosted by the fact that her husband , Martin , is a respected private tax attorney in Washington .
Justices Stephen Breyer , John Paul Stevens and Antonin Scalia are also millionaires .
Justice Samuel Alito , the newest member of the high court , also reported income ranging from $ 700,000 to $ 2 million .
In the area of reported gifts , Alito cited about $ 500 in " Italian food and wine " given to him by a friend , about whom the justice helpfully noted it " is not likely that he will appear before this court . "
The latest financial records continue to show Justices Anthony Kennedy and Clarence Thomas reporting assets under $ 1 million , not including homes and judicial salaries .
Thomas received a one - time boost to his income when his best - selling memoir was released in October .
He received the remaining half of a reported million - dollar book advance and traveled extensively on a book promotion and signing tour .
Scalia also received an advance for his book on how to be a better appellate lawyer .
The amount was relatively paltry compared to his colleague 's : $ 33,000 .
The annual records show that Breyer , Ginsburg , Kennedy and Scalia were the busiest travelers .
Each made multiple visits overseas to teach , give speeches or attend judicial seminars .
Airfare , lodging and meals were generally paid for by the organizations that invited the justices , but under federal law , they must report it .
Europe was a favorite destination for several justices .
Breyer reported 21 out - of - town trips for which he was reimbursed , including to Paris , France ; Rome , Italy ; New Delhi , India ; and Palm Springs , California .
Ginsburg went overseas to France , Belgium , Ireland and Canada and made at least nine other domestic trips .
In the same week in July , Kennedy and Chief Justice Roberts were in France and Austria , respectively .
But the Most Traveled Award goes to Scalia , who made 33 expense - paid trips , including eight overseas , and visited at least 17 states .
Only Souter and Stevens reported no trips for which they were reimbursed by sponsoring groups .
Souter also reported no outside teaching gigs , trustee or board memberships , or any gifts received .
The 68 - year - old bachelor generally spends his extended time away from the high court at his isolated farm in rural New Hampshire .
Chief Justice John Roberts may have the most diverse investment portfolio .
He recorded 63 investments and trusts , including stock in Time Warner ( parent company of CNN ) , Citicorp , Microsoft and Hewlett - Packard .
The estimated value is from about $ 2.4 million to more than $ 6 million .
Before becoming a federal judge , Roberts was a high - paid Washington lawyer .
His judicial salary is $ 217,400 .
Roberts , 53 , continued to sell off small amounts of common stock , including in Cisco and Citigroup .
When he took over as chief justice in 2005 , he was forced to sell stock in several companies .
A bill passed two years ago in Congress allows federal judges to defer paying capital gains taxes on securities they sell to avoid conflicts of interest .
High - level executive branch employees had enjoyed that privilege for years .
The issue of judges holding such diverse investment portfolios has resulted in several conflicts of interest , prompting calls for reform .
The high court last month refused to accept an appeal from a group of South Africans seeking to sue U.S. and foreign firms for allegedly helping keep the white - led apartheid government of their country in power for decades .
Four members of the high court were forced to remove themselves from consideration of the cases .
No reason was given for their recusal , but financial disclosure reports showed that Roberts , along with Breyer and Alito , owns stock in several of the companies being sued .
Kennedy 's son Gregory is a top manager in one , investment bank Credit Suisse .
Under federal rules , at least six justices must hear a case that is accepted for review .
With four of the nine recused , the high court had no choice but to uphold the lower court ruling , tossing out the lawsuit .
Some reform advocates say that judges should be allowed to own only mutual funds instead of individual stocks .
Mutual funds involve a range of investments whose identities are disclosed to the fund 's shareholders several times each year .
Federal law allows judges to own mutual funds without having to recuse themselves from a particular appeal .
All About U.S. Supreme Court • Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts
PR
お会いするのは何年かぶりだから、さすがにちょっと老けたかなと思った。でも、せっかちに歩く姿も、甲高い声で熱く語る姿も、昔とちっともかわらない。「1993年からだから、ずいぶん長いですよね」。そう言われて指を折ってみれば15年。その間に、何度も彼に会い、語り、彼と彼の成果について実に多くの記事を書いてきた。
彼とは、中村修二氏のことである。最初に出会ったとき彼は、地方の中小企業に勤務する一技術者だった。ところが、1年も経たないうちに、カリスマ研究者と呼ばれるようになり、やがて「日本としては初めての企業人ノーベル賞候補」と目されるようになる。その彼から「会社を辞める」という連絡をもらったのは、1999年末のこと。地方企業の技術者から米有名大学の教授へと転身し、一躍全国区のヒーローになった。
その彼が古巣の会社からトレードシークレットで訴えられ、その反訴というかたちで、いわゆる「中村裁判」が始まる。その当初は、「技術者の地位向上を訴え古巣企業と闘う戦士」、つまりは強者に立ち向かう弱者として技術者から熱狂的な支持を受けた。ところが、一審判決が出たあたりから世間の雰囲気は一変する。「部下の成果をわがものにした上司」「大した発明でもない特許で地方の中小企業に巨額の補償金を要求するガメツイ人」、つまり弱者から搾取する強者といったイメージが流布され始めたのである。そして、裁判が痛み分けのような結果で終わり「褒貶半ばする」といった状況のまま、世間は少しずつ彼のことや、あの裁判のことを忘れていくのだろう。
それが彼を熱くす る
ともあれ、目まぐるしい15年だった。その間に多くの事件があって、そのたびに彼が世間に与えるイメージは変わっていった。けど、彼自身のどこが変わったわけでもない。言っていることだって同じ。少なくとも、会社を辞めてから彼は一貫して同じことを願い、訴え続けてきたように思う。
今でも訴えたいことの一つは、もちろんあの裁判のことである。よほどその結果には不満が残るようで、それに関して語り始めたらとまらない。しかしそれらは、ちょっと書けなかったり書いても詮ないことだったりするので、とりあえず置いておこう。そして、それに負けないくらい彼を熱くさせるのが、技術者の地位と処遇に関する問題である。もう企業人でなくなって随分年月が経つので、その思いも少しは冷却したかと思っていたのだが。
日本でお会いした数日前、彼は中国に立ち寄り、そこである企業家と会食する機会があったらしい。その企業家は中国人なのだが、最初は日本で起業し成功を収め、その後中国に帰り、現在は中国で企業を興して経営しているのだという。
「 彼が言うわけですよ、日本で会社を経営するのは楽ですよと。業績が悪くなったら給料を減らせばよい。また悪くなったらさらに削る。こうしてどんどん給料を減らしていっても、社員はほとんど会社を辞めない。こんなに会社経営が楽な国はないって。中国で同じことをやったら、社員はあっという間に霧散して一人もいなくなる。米国だって同じ。だから、経営者は第一に社員の処遇を考えなければならない。処遇の改悪はぜったいにできないから、本業で業績を上げることを真剣に考え、取り組まざるを得ないわけです」
だから 「会社を辞めよ」と、ことあるごとに中村氏は技術者に訴える。そうしない限り、経営者が考えを改めることはなく、技術者の処遇が改善されることはないと。
Spread the love
Today , while writing some unit tests , I encountered a challenge .
The user story was that , when a Person ’s details are updated , the display should be updated to reflect the changes .
I ’d implemented this feature using a signal on the person class that will be called whenever any details are updated :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 class person { public : void name ( const std :: string & name ) { name_ = name ; updated ( * this ) ; } ; boost : : signal < void ( const person & person ) > updated ; private : std:: string name_ ; } ;
This is a fairly standard application of an observer pattern that you might find in any MVC application .
But the question is , using the Boost unit test framework , how can I test if my signal has been called ?
The mock signal handler
To test the signal handler , we ’ll use a functor as a mock signal handler , that sets an internal flag when it gets called .
In the functor ’s destructor , we ’ll do a test on the flag to make sure it got set :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 struct mock_handler { mock_handler ( const person & expected_person ) : has_been_called_( false ) , expected_person_(expected_person ) {} ; void operator ( ) ( const person & person ) { has_been_called_ = true ; BOOST_CHECK_EQUAL ( &person == & expected_person_ , true ) ; } ; ~ mock_handler ( ) { BOOST_CHECK_EQUAL ( has_been_called_ , true ) ; } ; private : bool has_been_called_ ; const person & expected_person_ ; } ;
The test case
Once we ’ve written a mock , the test case is pretty simple .
Note that I wrap my handler with a boost : : ref , so that it does n’t get copied .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 BOOST_AUTO_TEST_CASE(setting_name_triggers_update_signal ) { person subject ; mock_handler handler ( subject ) ; subject.updated.connect( boost::ref( handler ) ) ; subject.name( " Richard " ) ; }
This works great .
And if we comment out the updated signal call in person : : name ( ) :
1 2 3 Running 1 test case ... person_test.cpp( 49 ) : error in " setting_name_triggers_update_signal " : check has_been_called_ == true failed [ 0 !=
1 ] *** 1 failure detected in test suite " tests "
.. then the test case will fail accordingly .
In studies of falling , researchers have shown that the wrist alone is subjected to an impact force equal to about one body weight , says James Ashton - Miller , director of the biomechanics research laboratory at the University of Michigan .
“ What so many people really need to do is develop enough strength so they can break a fall safely without hitting their head on the ground , ” Dr. Ashton - Miller said .
“ If you ca n’t do a single push - up , it ’s going to be difficult to resist that kind of loading on your wrists in a fall . ”
And people who ca n’t do a push - up may not be able to help themselves up if they do fall .
“ To get up , you ’ve got to have upper - body strength , ” said Peter M. McGinnis , professor of kinesiology at State University of New York College at Cortland who consults on pole - vaulting biomechanics for U.S.A.
Track and Field , the national governing body for track .
Natural aging causes nerves to die off and muscles to weaken .
People lose as much as 30 percent of their strength between 20 and 70 .
But regular exercise enlarges muscle fibers and can stave off the decline by increasing the strength of the muscle you have left .
Women are at a particular disadvantage because they start off with about 20 percent less muscle than men .
Many women bend their knees to lower the amount of weight they must support .
And while anybody can do a push - up , the exercise has typically been part of the male fitness culture .
“ It ’s sort of a gender - specific symbol of vitality , ” said R. Scott Kretchmar , a professor of exercise and sports science at Penn State .
“ I do n’t see women saying : ‘ I ’m in good health .
Watch me drop down and do some push - ups . ’ ”
Based on national averages , a 40 - year - old woman should be able to do 16 push - ups and a man the same age should be able to do 27 .
By the age of 60 , those numbers drop to 17 for men and 6 for women .
Those numbers are just slightly less than what is required of Army soldiers who are subjected to regular push - up tests .
June 1 , 2008 4:00 PM |
When it rains , it pours in Mag Roundup .
Two weeks , there were hardly any magazines to talk about -- this time around , everything came into my mailbox all at once , even the two flight - sim magazines whose subscriptions are ( thankfully ) about to run out .
We 're beginning to enter the boring season not just for mags , but for games , too -- but that 's a good thing , because it means we 'll see more creativity and originality from mags as they attempt to fill the pages with fresh content instead of the usual previews and reviews .
Ostensibly .
It 'd be nice , anyway .
Let 's go forward and see what 's new in the mag scene -- and if there 's any controversy to be found in the MGS4 reviews that 're starting to creep out ...
Electronic Gaming Monthly July 2008 ( Podcast )
Cover : Gears of War 2 ( split cover )
People may think the GoW2 piece is the highlight of this issue , but it 's not -- even though Shoe goes above and beyong , asking Cliffy about a million questions from message - board posters and presenting the usual boring " new guns , new modes " information in neat and eye - catching ways .
It 's not the Metal Gear Solid 4 " review , " although that 's generating the most discussion online -- the editors decided against giving out scores due to " the limitations Konami wanted to impose on our comments , " so they just printed a five - page roundtable instead , one mostly filled with praise but also throwing a few jabs ( the control system 's not as good as Splinter Cell's !
Oh noooooo ! ) .
It 's not even the " Gun Show " spread , where they ask military advisor Hank Keirsey for his take on the Gunblade , the Gravity Gun and other fanciful video - game weapons -- hilarious stuff .
No , the highlight of this issue is the frowny - faced Miis used to illustrate the front - end investigation piece on Nintendo 's lackadaisical online strategy .
Miis using telegraphs , cans and strings , and a cell phone tied to a headband to communicate with each other .
Absolutely tremendous .
GamePro July 2008
Cover : Halo Wars
With EGM more - or - less calling out Konami 's demands on print media this issue , readers are undoubtedly looking toward reviews in other media with an eye that 's more than a little jaundiced ( if not sneering entirely ) .
GamePro's dense five - page review practically gushes with praise -- the only faults being the lack of a tutorial and " long - winded at times " cinemas , which is sort of like saying going through security at O'Hare is " a little annoying . "
The Halo feature this month is in the classic , all - encompassing GamePro style , giving a ton of details on what the game will be like and backing up nearly everything that 's written with an explanatory screenshot .
There 's also some info on the other Halo projects coming , including a look at the aborted DS Halo and the purported film that has about as much a chance of happening .
PlayStation : The Official Magazine July 2008
Cover : Metal Gear Solid 4
PTOM 's " world exclusive review " ( the FDA really ought to start regulating this term they way they do " low - fat " and " organic " ) features a lot more detail on the game itself other print looks and also features Rob Smith declaring it'll always be in his top - ten list , no matter what games come out in the future .
Considering the mag just put GTA4 on the cover last month , that 's saying quite a lot .
Still , this and GP 's review once again begs the question of what EGM was so concerned about that these two mags were n't .
Is there some deep , dark secret that Konami does n't want getting out before June 12 ?
Or is it just the usual " keep the AAA game under wraps as long as possible " shenanigans that Konami did with MGS3 too ?
We 'll see , I reckon .
The MGS4 bit is the biggest feature in this mag , which is otherwise dotted with previews ( Fallout 3 and a roundup of shooters ) , reviews , and a tongue - in - cheek guide to surviving the PS3 RPG drought with suggestions including LARPs , renaissance faires , reading Choose Your Own Adventure books , and learning a new language like Al Bhed .
Now that 's how you fill a spread , gentlemen .
This issue of PTOM is also noteworthy for using the word " hotsclusive " in a news piece on LittleBigPlanet , a word invented by yours truly right in this column -- Google it if you do n't believe me .
I 'm going to be in the OED ( and / or Variety ) if this keeps up !
Nintendo Power July 2008
Cover : Castlevania : Order of Ecclesia
As always , Nintendo Power pounds down the most hotsclusives per capita in its
News section , which is almost entirely filled with the first screens of this or the world print premiere of that .
It continues with the cover feature on Order of Ecclesia , which is packed with lovely character art and info .
Iga does n't comment much within , but that 's because he sort of wrote a five - page piece right afterwards going over Castlevania 's history and his takes on all the games and series of the past .
Brilliant ... but not as brilliant as NP interviewing Yuji Horii for the Dragon Quest DS roundup that follows ; the dude barely shows up in Japanese media , much less US outlets .
Maybe it 's just the fact that Nintendo has quite a bit more presence this generation than last , but NP seems to be consistently kicking ass these days .
I 'll even forgive them for spending two pages on an interview with Strong Bad in a feature located in front of all this other cool stuff .
Official Xbox Magazine July 2008 ( Podcast )
Cover : Shaun White Snowboarding
The Future mags just can't get enough snowboarding this summer for some reason .
I suppose something has to fill the pages now that GTA4's been digested and the summer 's suddenly looking a little barren for 360 owners .
It 's not a throwaway piece , though , because the design on it is pretty brilliant -- quite a bit like what you 'd see in a snowboarding magazine , although I 'm still not too sure what 's so special about this game that it deserves a cover more than , say , Ghostbusters , which gets a much more full - featured preview piece inside .
Top highlight for print - mag buffs is " King of Diamonds , " an extremely silly three - page piece where Logan Decker runs around San Francisco with an Xbox Live Diamond Card to see if it 's actually worth it .
The verdict : Most food - service retailers think the card looks pretty rad , but they do n't know WTF to do with it .
Also , Microsoft is still putting Halo 3 ads in OXM .
It 's like the Jak 2 of 2008 .
Tips & Tricks July / August 2008
Cover : Super Smash Bros. Brawl .
Still going !
This cover 's really nice , too .
The inside is still straight - out strategy , though , with 12 Brawl pages , six on Army of Two , then lists of codes .
Badabing , badaboom .
Beckett Massive Online Game July / August 2008
Cover : Age of Conan
Despite cheap printing , boring features and a regular comic strip with about the same entertainment quality as The Family Circus , Beckett MOG shows no signs of going out of business anytime soon .
There is the something of the beginning of critical coverage in this issue , though , as seen in a feature on the top 20 most influential people in the MMO industry .
Too bad the rest of the mag is the usual -- basically updates on all the current games , filled with jargon and assuming previous knowledge that nobody but those actually playing the games in question would know .
Very Special Issues
It seems safe to say that GamePro's Wii Gamers ' Guide has replaced Code Vault by this point .
It 's nothing very fancy , but definitely an improvement over CV -- you 've got a neat roundup feature or two , reviews , previews , strategy , the whole bit .
It all seems like original content as well .
I wonder why the back cover has an ad for GTAIV , though ...
Meanwhile , Nintendo Power Posters is exactly what it is -- no editorial content , just 40 posters , printed on really heavy stock , for ten bucks .
Great stuff if that 's what you 're looking for , actually -- I like the two Okami ones the most , although having the Twilight Princess art that was on EGM 's cover a couple years back in an uncluttered state is nice , too .
[ Kevin Gifford breeds ferrets and runs Magweasel , a site for collectors and fans of old video - game and computer magazines .
He 's also executive editor at PiQ magazine . ]
1 2 3 4
puts " Yes means No and No means Yes .
Delete all files [ Y ] ? " yes , no = " no " , " yes " ...
The devil has all of the best songs , so they say .
And the climate change denial camp have certainly banged out their tunes , to good effect , over the last few years .
It 's not hard to see why the clamor of the climate skeptics has won more and more of those thronging in the stalls .
But if you 're caught out by one of those seductive refrains from the naysayers , what you need is counter - melody to cut them short .
So what are the top - ten comebacks to the tall - tales often peddled by the denialist community ?
1 Warming is n't really happening , it 's all down to the ' urban heat - island effect '
The consensus that the planet is warming did n't just drop off of a graph of dodgily - placed thermometers .
Yes , cities and towns are warmer than the countryside , and yes , urban areas have swallowed rural ones over the last century .
But climate scientists try to correct for these when working out the globe 's average temperature .
And the indicators that temperatures are rising come from a myriad of sources , not just land - based temperature records .
Satellites , tree - rings , snow and ice - cores , stalactites and corals - all of these are used to piece together the global temperature record , and they confirm that the recent warming is unprecedented .
2 Global warming stopped years ago ; it 's yesterday 's story ..
This is a story which can always be shown to be true - as long as you do some careful cherry - picking of the wildly wiggly graph of global temperatures .
The planet 's climate , even from year to year , is n't a sedate old tabby by the fire - it's a skittish kitten careering up and down , always on the go .
Some years will be colder than others , even as temperatures are rising over the long term .
That 's down to shifting oceanic and atmospheric circulations patterns , which can cycle up - and - down over a number of years .
When scientists talk about ' global warming ' , what they mean is a change in the average atmospheric temperature across the whole globe - and across a 10 to 15 - year period .
That 's enough to even out much of that natural bumping around .
On that measure , the inexorable rise in global temperatures is just as apparent recently , as it was in the 1990's and before .
3 Even if the planet is warming , the climate has always changed - why worry ?
Geologically , planet earth 's climate is always on the go , thanks to plate tectonics , volcanic eruptions , and a wobbly orbit around the sun .
But the changes being seen now are not comparable to those seen in the past - they are faster than any previous temperature changes we see in the geological record .
And speed kills .
The rate of change may be too much for much of the life on the planet to adapt to and survive .
4 Carbon dioxide is a boon to the green world , we really need more of it !
CO2 can indeed be seen as a plant food - and enclosed trials have shown that raising CO2 can help some plants to grow more - which could boost agricultural yields .
But those rises are naturally limited , because other nutrients are also needed to help plants grow .
Also , the effects of a changing climate are likely to knock - back most plants more severely than any limited benefit from more CO2 .
And CO2 is much more of a poison than a food for coral reefs , as it is driving the acidification of the oceans , which is killing them .
5 There 's 50 times more water vapor than CO2 , and no - one worries about that .
Given that the atmosphere contains 2 to 3 % water vapor , and H2O is a greenhouse gas , just like CO2 , it 's not surprising that it accounts for up to 72 % of the greenhouse effect .
So why do we worry about CO2 ?
Because , unlike water vapor , CO2 is increasing rapidly in the atmosphere , down to man , and that is what is producing the rising temperatures .
CO2 is also very persistent - once in the atmosphere , it carries on warming it for thousands of years , unlike extra water vapor , which is cycled out within days .
6 If the world is warming , why is there more sea-ice around the Antarctic ?
Global warming is n't acting everywhere , in the same way at the same time .
Some parts of the world are cooling , or showing higher rainfall - which is why ' climate change ' makes more sense as a label than ' global warming ' .
And much of the interior of the Antarctic has seen such cooling .
But the increase in sea-ice around that continent is more down to increased rates of snow .
More snow acts to insulate the sea-ice , helping it to last through the summer .
But with the waters warming , even around the Antarctic , that increased snow could eventually become rain - and the sea-ice would then lose its insulating cover .
And looking up to the north pole shows a very different picture - sea-ice volumes there are continuing to plummet , in the fastest warming part of the globe .
7 ' Climate - gate ' proved that climate scientists are part of a global conspiracy
One thing ' Climate - gate ' proved is that those opposed to taking action on climate , will go to extreme lengths to further their agenda - including hacking computers and stealing e-mails .
The scientists involved , however , have had the basic climate science and methods vindicated numerous times , since their private communications were leaked .
Did they act in a self - protective and far - from open manner ?
Almost certainly - but that in no way undermines the picture of a globe threatened by man-made warming .
8 How can the puny efforts of man compare to mighty furnace of the Sun in affecting climate ?
Whilst the sun is responsible for the vast majority of energy arriving at the surface , and does go through a regular cycle of rising and falling energy levels , those changes are minute .
Solar cycles show fluctuations over a period of 10 - 11 years , which are not apparent in the global temperature record .
Longer - term changes in the sun may have had subtle influences on the climate , but given that the last 30 years have seen falling levels of solar activity , but rising temperatures , the flickering of the sun seem unlikely to be part of the global warming story .
9 Even if global warming is happening , we 're clever enough to engineer our way out of the problem .
If you 're stuck in a hole , the first thing you should do is stop digging , not to start trying to dig your way out .
The problem of global warming was kicked off by mankind conducting a gigantic experiment in geoengineering - releasing vast amounts of CO2 from fossil fuels .
Now that we 've realized that things are starting to go hay - wire , the last we should be doing is gearing up for is another round of counter - geoengineering .
Attempts to slow down warming that way could backfire badly if they were stopped suddenly - and would almost certainly throw unforeseen spanners into the delicate global ecosystem .
10 Well it wont affect me ..
This is the most scary of all denialists tales - because it shows what they are really interested in is not upsetting the golden goose of the global economy , which seems to be laying lots of shiny golden eggs for them personally .
Whilst climate chaos from global warming may leave some in the more developed parts of the world less affected , the back - wash from global insecurity is sure to hit most countries eventually .
And with the worst predicted for the future , do we really want to pass Pandora 's box on for our children to open ?
Top Image Credit : © James Steidl
var a 2 a_config = a 2a_config || {} ;
a2a_config.onclick = 1 ;
Follow : Twitter / Facebook / Google + / Pinterest
More from the Green Opinions Blog / Back to the Homepage
Topics : Climate
More press releases
For Immediate Release , May 9 , 2008 Contact : Noah Greenwald , ( 503 ) 484-7495 Bush Sets New Record in Refusing to Protect Endangered Species As Polar Bear Decision Looms , Department of the Interior Crosses Two - year Mark Without Any New Species Protected Under the Endangered Species Act WASHINGTON , D.C. —
Today marks two years since the Department of the Interior last protected a new U.S. species under the Endangered Species Act .
This period includes the entire tenure of Dirk Kempthorne as Secretary of the Interior and is by far the longest period without a new species being protected since the landmark federal law was passed , surpassing even James Watt , who , under Reagan , in 1981 and 1982 went 382 days without protecting a species .
“ The Bush administration has been an unmitigated disaster for the nation ’s endangered species , delaying and denying protection for hundreds of animals and plants , ” said Noah Greenwald , science director at the Center for Biological Diversity .
The drought in new species protections is not for lack of species in need .
Indeed , the Fish and Wildlife Service currently maintains a list of 280 candidate species that are recognized as warranting protection , many desperately , but for which the agency claims they lack resources to provide such protection .
On average , these 280 candidate species have been waiting for protection for 19 years .
Such delays have real consequences , with at least 24 species having gone extinct after being designated candidates for protection .
“ Because extinction is forever , delays in protection of the nation ’s most imperiled species are unacceptable , ” said Greenwald .
“ The Endangered Species Act can save these 280 species , but only once they ’re granted endangered status . ”
Overall , the Bush administration has protected the fewest species of any administration in the history of the Endangered Species Act , to date protecting only 59 species , compared to 522 under the Clinton administration and 231 under Bush Sr. ’s administration .
On average , the administration has listed only seven species per year .
By contrast , an average of 65 species per year were listed during the Clinton administration , and 58 species per year were listed during the first Bush administration .
“ This is the slowest rate of protecting species of any administration in history , ” said Greenwald .
“ The nation ’s endangered wildlife needs protection , not foot - dragging . ”
In accordance with a court order , the administration must issue a decision on protection of the polar bear by next Thursday .
The administration unsuccessfully tried to persuade the court that the decision should be delayed further ; as a result of the court ’s action , the polar bear may thus become the first U.S. species protected by the Department of the Interior under the Endangered Species
Act in over two years .
The last species protected were 12 species of Hawaiian picture - wing flies on May 9 , 2006 .
Strona główna
Galeria
Poczekalnia
Ring
Dyskutowalnia
Grupowicze
Porady
Informacje Galeria Nowości Nowości Nawigacja : GALERIA - Nowości Tyt : Bursztyn Tyt : świetliki Tyt : Żubry w czerwieniach Tyt : świetliki Tyt : Madwiny Tyt : Przyczajony Tyt : Wyczekiwanie Tyt : Zachód na Tarnicy Tyt : Karmienie Tyt : Dostawa Tyt : Bitwa Tyt : Wieczorne rozpogodzenie Tyt : Na tle nurtu Tyt : Remiz Wybierz kategorię
Nowości ( 14 ) Flora : grzyby ( 20 ) Flora : kwiaty ( 85 ) Flora : inne ( 25 ) Fauna : ptaki ( 825 ) Fauna : ptaki drapieżne ( 267 ) Fauna : ssaki ( 445 ) Fauna : ryby ( 6 ) Fauna : owady ( 132 ) Fauna : płazy i gady ( 53 ) Fauna : inne ( 30 ) W zbliżeniu ( 93 ) Krajobraz ( 527 ) Inności ( 123 ) poprzednia kategoria
następna kategoria Wybierz autora
Adamczyk Bartosz Adamkiewicz Dariusz Antosik Joanna Araszewicz Koszarek Astrid Arndt Mikołaj Balandyk Tadeusz Bałdyga Piotr Bartkowiak Michał Baszyński Przemysław Batycki Paweł Bednarek Jerzy Bednarz Damian Białobrzewska Agnieszka Białorucki Bernard Białosiewicz Artur Biegaj Piotr Bieniewski Paweł Bijas Robert Bober Anka Bober Janek Bochenek Zbigniew Bogacki Miron Borczyk Zbigniew Borowiec Norbert Bożycki Łukasz Brodzik Paulina Buda Piotr Budzyński Michał Bzowski Marek Charymski Marcin Chmielewski Krzysztof Chmielewski Tomasz Chowaniec Tomasz Chudzik Magda Ciapa Mateusz Cichowicz Andrzej Cieślak Dominika Cmoch Maciej Czarnecki Bogusław Czerwonka Bartosz Czeslaw Tadeusz Dąbrowski Jarosław Dębski Jarek Dębski Zbigniew Dobas Marcin Dobkowski Łukasz Dobrychłop Marcin Dolata Jerzy Dombrowski Piotr Dubiel Bartosz Duchalski Damian Dybowski Czarek EMC Fabiszewski Michal Fiertek Tomasz Furmanek Michał Gaczyński Grzegorz Gajewski Norbert GANDZIAROWSKI ADAM Gawełda Rafał Gerersdorf Artur Gnoiński Jacek Gocał Ania Gorączniak Rafał Goro Gospodarek Mikołaj Grzesiak Jurek Gubrynowicz Katarzyna Gwóźdź Radosław Homan Saturnina i Artur Huzarska Kasia Jakielaszek Łukasz Jakubowska Marta Janowski Henryk Jastrzębski Maciej Jastrzębski Michał Jeziorowski Andrzej Jonczyk Michal Jonczyk Piotr Jurczak Małgorzata Kacperek Ewa Kacperek Karetta Zuzanna Kaczmarek Jarek kamuda krzysztof Karczmarzyk Jarek Karetta Marcin Karoń Igor Kasiak Tomek Kasprzak Antoni Kaszycki Norbert Kępa Janusz Kęska Tomek Kiczka Robert Kierzkowski Piotr Kijewski Mirosław Klawe Robert Komorowska Bożena Koniecpolska Ewa Konopka Piotr Kopacz Daniel Kosecki Andrzej Kostkiewicz Lesław Kostuch Robert Kość Michał Kot Jurek Kotara Sławomir Kowalewski Miłosz Kowalski Marcin Kowalski Mateusz Krahel Krzysztof Krasowski Waldemar Kraśnicki Stefan Kroker Rafał Kryzia Łukasz Książkiewicz Małgorzata Kubiak Halina Kucharski Michał Kuczkowski Lukasz Kufel Michał Kwatera Piotr kwidzinski wojtek Laskowicz Kazik Laskowski Robert Legowik Chmielewska Adriana Lejbrandt Marek Lemiecha Mariusz Lenart Marcin Leśniak Łukasz Leśniewski Grzegorz Linkowski Tomasz Lis Waldek Ludwiczak Michał Łabędzka-Benisz Jolanta Łapiński Rafał Ławnik Adam Łaźniewski Jerzy Łopatniuk Artur Łuczyński Rafał Łukasiewicz Jarek Łukasik Łukasz Łukasik Sławomir Łukawski Marcin Machnacki Krzysztof Maćko Zbigniew Maćkowiak Krzysztof Mańka Adam Markowski Marek Masłowski Tomasz Maślanka Witold Matejczuk Jerzy Matoga Andrzej Mattrick Matus Mirosław Matusik Artur Matysiak Mateusz Michalski Mateusz Mierzejewski Marek Moi Marek Monkiewicz Grzegorz Moore Elżbieta Moorelka Moskalik Mateusz Mrozek Tomasz Mucha Mariusz Musiał Adam Nawrocki Marcin Nowak Agnieszka i Damian Okołotowicz Sebastian Onikijuk Krzysztof Osko Witold Ostapowicz Wojciech Ostrowski Krzysztof Oszustowicz Mariusz Pajzderska Marysia Paluch Marek Pałasz Paweł Panak Marcin Patrycja Pawelec Mariusz Pawlak Paweł Pawlak Piotr Piekarski Michał Piesiak Mateusz Pietrzak Maciej Podwyszyński Tymoteusz Pogorzelczyk Paweł Pokora Zbigniew Połczyński Jacek Pomaski Mariusz Popek Tomasz Procner Bogdan Przybył Tadeusz Pyznarski Marek Raczyński Krzysztof Rak Wieńczysław Rębiś Maciej Robert Rogaczewski Jarosław Rudzin Maciek Rupik Piotr Rusinek Tomasz Ruszkowski Mariusz Ruta Jacek Ryński Grzegorz Sacha Lidia Sacha Marcin Salamon Krzysztof Sąsiadek Ryszard Sczansny Tomasz Skałba Michał Skibiński Dariusz Skoczkowski Przemysław Skonieczny Maciek Skowronek Piotr Sobas Piotr Spychała Paweł Stachowiak Witek Stadnik misia Renata Stasiaczek Krzysztof Stepien Jaroslaw Stępień Krzysztof Stępień Łukasz Stopa Arkadiusz Strzelecki Jerzy Stypczyński Jakub Surniak Paulina Szade Krzysztof Szaniawski Waldemar Szczurek Andrzej Sztaba Krzysztof Szydłowski Paweł Śledzik Sebastian Śniegoń Marek Świergoń Jarosław Talaga Łukasz Tańczuk Tomasz Tesarowicz Wojciech Tęczyński Jędrzej Tomaszewski Jacek Turski Marcin Tworek Stanisław Ulaniuk Paweł Urbanowicz Tomasz Urzędnik Zygmunt Wacławik Paweł Waligóra Andrzej Wardach Bartłomiej Warzecha Marcin Węgrzynowicz Piotr Wiatrak Zbigniew Widła Cezary Wielgopolanin Rafał Wiench Malgorzata Wierzbowski Piotr Wilk Tomasz WIŚNIEWSKI Przemysław Wojciechowski Krzysztof Wojcieszak Janusz Wojtczak Sławek Woźniakowska Beata Woźniakowski Karol Wrona Paweł Wyszomirski Marek Zabłudowski Piotr Zagórski Marcin Zając Michał Ząbkowski Dariusz Zgłobicki Wojtek Ziaja Jerzy Ziemba Ela Ziewacz Łukasz Zięba Jacek Zięba Jarosław Zrąbkowski Artur Zybert Konrad Żabecki Maciej poprzedni autor
następny autor Wybierz poczekalnię
Poczekalnia nr 1 Poczekalnia nr 2 Poczekalnia nr 3 Poczekalnia nr 4 Poczekalnia nr 5 Poczekalnia nr 6 Poczekalnia nr 7 Poczekalnia nr 8 Poczekalnia nr 9 Poczekalnia nr 10 Poczekalnia nr 11 Poczekalnia nr 12 Poczekalnia nr 13 Poczekalnia nr 14 Poczekalnia nr 15 Poczekalnia nr 16 Poczekalnia nr 17 Poczekalnia nr 18 Poczekalnia nr 19 Poczekalnia nr 20 Poczekalnia nr 21 Poczekalnia nr 22 Poczekalnia nr 23 Poczekalnia nr 24 Poczekalnia nr 25 Poczekalnia nr 26 Poczekalnia nr 27 Poczekalnia nr 28 Poczekalnia nr 29 Poczekalnia nr 30 Poczekalnia nr 31 Poczekalnia nr 32 Poczekalnia nr 33 Poczekalnia nr 34 Poczekalnia nr 35 Poczekalnia nr 36 Poczekalnia nr 37 Poczekalnia nr 38 Poczekalnia nr 39 Poczekalnia nr 40 Poczekalnia nr 41 Poczekalnia nr 42 Poczekalnia nr 43 Poczekalnia nr 44 Poczekalnia nr 45 Poczekalnia nr 46 Poczekalnia nr 47 Poczekalnia nr 48 Poczekalnia nr 49 Poczekalnia nr 50 Poczekalnia nr 51 Poczekalnia nr 52 Poczekalnia nr 53 Poczekalnia nr 54 Poczekalnia nr 55 Poczekalnia nr 56 Poczekalnia nr 57 Poczekalnia nr 58 Poczekalnia nr 59 Poczekalnia nr 60 Poczekalnia nr 61 Poczekalnia nr 62 Poczekalnia nr 63 Poczekalnia nr 64 Poczekalnia nr 65 Poczekalnia nr 66 Poczekalnia nr 67 Poczekalnia nr 68 Poczekalnia nr 69 Poczekalnia nr 70 Poczekalnia nr 71 Poczekalnia nr 72 Poczekalnia nr 73 Poczekalnia nr 74 Poczekalnia nr 75 Poczekalnia nr 76 Poczekalnia nr 77 Poczekalnia nr 78 Poczekalnia nr 79 Poczekalnia nr 80 Poczekalnia nr 81 Poczekalnia nr 82 Poczekalnia nr 83 Poczekalnia nr 84 Poczekalnia nr 85 Poczekalnia nr 86 Poczekalnia nr 87 Poczekalnia nr 88 Poczekalnia nr 89 Poczekalnia nr 90 Poczekalnia nr 91 Poczekalnia nr 92 Poczekalnia nr 93 Poczekalnia nr 94 Poczekalnia nr 95 Poczekalnia nr 96 Poczekalnia nr 97 Poczekalnia nr 98 Poczekalnia nr 99 Poczekalnia nr 100 Poczekalnia nr 101 Poczekalnia nr 102 Poczekalnia nr 103 Poczekalnia nr 104 Poczekalnia nr 105 Poczekalnia nr 106 Poczekalnia nr 107 Poczekalnia nr 108 Poczekalnia nr 109 Poczekalnia nr 110 Poczekalnia nr 111 Poczekalnia nr 112 Poczekalnia nr 113 Poczekalnia nr 114 Poczekalnia nr 115 Poczekalnia nr 116 Poczekalnia nr 117 poprzednia poczekalnia
następna poczekalnia Strona główna
Galeria
Poczekalnia
Ring
Dyskutowalnia
Grupowicze
Porady
Informacje
Wszystkie zdjęcia prezentowane na tych stronach chronione są prawem autorskim .
Ich kopiowanie , wykorzystywanie i publikowanie bez zgody autorów jest zabronione .
Autorzy strony nie biorą odpowiedzialności za legalność zdjęć poszczególnych autorów
DORCHESTER , England ( CNN ) -- Englishman John
Webber thought nothing of the small , shiny cup , passed down from his junk dealer grandfather and stashed under a bed for years , until appraisers said it was an ancient Persian artifact .
The ancient Persian gold cup , thought to date from the third or fourth century B.C. , fetched $ 100,000 at auction .
The 5 ½ - inch gold cup , which experts have dated to the third or fourth century B.C. , fetched $ 100,000 at an auction in Dorchester , southern England , Thursday .
The identity of the winning bidder was n't immediately known .
The relic features the double faced ancient Roman god Janus , the god of gates and doors who always looked to both the future and past and is often associated with beginnings and endings .
The cup has two faces with braided hair and entwined snake ornaments at the forehead .
Webber 's grandfather , William Sparks , was a rag and bone man , the British term for a junk dealer , Duke 's said , who established the iron merchants Sparks and Son in Taunton , Somerset , in southwestern England , in the 1930s .
Sparks acquired the cup along with two other pieces , also up for auction , in the 1930s or 1940s , the spokeswoman said .
Watch CNN report on the auction »
Before he died , Sparks gave the items to Webber , who did n't realize their value , the spokeswoman said .
" Because he mainly dealt in brass and bronze , I thought that was what it was made from , " Webber told the Bournemouth News and Picture Service .
" I put it in a box and forgot about it .
Then last year I moved house and took it out to have a look , and I realized it was n't bronze or brass .
Do n't Miss Web site Duke 's Auctions
" I sent it to the British Museum , and the experts there had n't seen anything like it before and recommended I had it tested at a laboratory .
So I paid quite a bit of money for it to be examined by a lab the museum recommended .
And they found the gold dated from the third of fourth century B.C. "
Webber , who is in his 70s , said he remembers the cup from when he was a small boy .
" It 's been quite exciting finding out what it was , " he told the agency .
Webber brought the items to Duke 's at the start of the year for potential sale , because he wanted to " realize some money , " the auction house spokeswoman said .
A spokeswoman for Duke 's Auction House , which is selling the cup , said the cup is believed to be from the Archaemenid empire in ancient Persia .
The other two items are a second century B.C. round gold mount with a figure , probably of ancient Greek hero Ajax , who besieged Troy , and a decorated gold spoon with an image of a Roman emperor .
" He had a good eye for quality over the years , " said the spokeswoman , who asked not to be named , " and anything interesting he 'd put aside . "
Scientists analyzed trace elements of a gold sample taken from the cup to determine its age , and analysts from Oxford University concluded that they are consistent with Archaemenid gold and goldsmithing , Duke 's said .
INFN researcher invents a new technique for particle accelerators INFN
Content : Press Release
Date Issued : 5 June 2008
A researcher at INFN 's laboratories in Frascati , Pantaleo Raimondi , has developed a technique that allows to exceed some of the limits of existing particle accelerators .
The first tests , carried out at the laboratories in Frascati , have provided very positive results and are being followed with great interest throughout the world .
This technique could lead to a new generation of much more efficient accelerators for studying the infinitely small .
Positive results have been obtained with the first tests of a new
technique developed by a researcher at Italy 's National Institute of
Nuclear Physics ( INFN ) , Panntaleo Raimondi .
These tests , carried out in
Frascati and closely followed by the world 's leading Physics laboratories ,
could lead to the development of new particle accelerators ( the devices
used to investigate the basic structures of the Universe ) .
In fact , thanks to the technique developed by Raimondi , it should be
possible a ten - fold increase of the efficiency of the accelerators ,
greatly reducing the energy they require .
In other words , it is possible to " dope " the existing accelerators and
create new ones that are much more powerful and capable of providing
answers to the great mysteries of the nature of all things , mysteries that
scientists have been unable to solve .
In the existing accelerators ( for example , the Large Hadron Accelerator -
LHC , the giant machine that will be inaugurated in October at the CERN
laboratories in Geneva ] , the number of particles that can be stored in the
bunches that collide ( which allows the Universe 's structures to be
studied ) has already reached a maximum ; thus only a certain number of
collisions can be performed in a certain time and on a certain surface .
Raimondi has taken a previously known technique and has adapted it to the
accelerators , where the particles collide .
To do so , he modified the
DAPHNE collider in Frascati - where he directs the Accelerators Division .
In only two years time he progressed from the technique 's conception to
its concrete realization : with the same energy as before , the DAPHNE
collider can now see many more collisions , that is , more events .
The
collider has increased what physicists refer to as its " luminosity " .
" We had to modify 50 percent of the accelerator " - explains Raimondi - " We
saw the advantages of the new system right away : the luminosity increased
immediately by 50 % , and this is only the beginning .
Of course now the new
configuration of DAPHNE is that of a compact car that goes as fast as a
Ferrari .
DAPHNE has the third highest absolute luminosity in the world ,
yet its energy is much lower than that of the other machines ; thus it has
an extremely high ratio of luminosity to energy " .
" Worldwide there has been a great amount of attention and anticipation
regarding the results that we 've been producing in Frascati " - explains
the INFN's President Professor Roberto Petronzio - " The first tests have
indicated that we 're on the right track .
Now we 're thinking of also
developing a machine to study the virtual presence of the heavy particles
that the LHC could produce at low energies .
This is a fundamental
scientific task ; this research is complementary to that which will be done
using the LHC in Geneva .
We want to construct a " b factory " , a machine
that produces enormous quantities of quark b , and now we can make one that
will have a luminosity that is 100 times greater than the only two that
currently exist , the one at SLAC in California ( which has just finished
its research ) and that of KEK in Japan " .
Moreover , for Petronzio , using " the b factory may be the trigger for
developing the new free electron laser that we want to construct at
Frascati and Tor Vergata in southern Rome , which could become the world 's
most powerful laser , together with that of DESY in Germany .
It would be a
supermicroscope capable of providing a fundamental contribution to
research in Molecular Biology , Genetics , and Medicine " .
Contacts
Infn - Pantaleo Raimondi
Mob .
+393299412828
Email : pantaleo.raimondi@lnf.infn.it
Gallup Daily : Obama and Clinton Tied at 48 % to 47 % Clinton ’s increased support has mainly come from undecided voters
PRINCETON , NJ --
The Democratic nomination race is now tied , with Barack Obama favored by 48 % of national Democratic voters and Hillary Clinton by 47 % .
The latest results , based on Gallup Poll Daily tracking from April 22 - 24 , include two days of interviews conducted entirely after Tuesday 's Pennsylvania Democratic primary .
Support for Clinton is significantly higher in these post - primary interviews than it was just prior to her Pennsylvania victory , clearly suggesting that Clinton 's win there is the catalyst for her increased national support .
Obama 's lead dwindled steadily all week , falling from a high of 10 percentage points in interviewing conducted in the three days just prior to the Pennsylvania primary .
However , the percentage of Democrats supporting Obama has changed little ( declining from 50 % in April 19 - 21 polling to 48 % today ) .
Most of Clinton 's increased support ( from 40 % to 47 % ) has come from previously undecided voters .
( To view the complete trend since Jan. 3 , 2008 , click here . )
Both Clinton and Obama have experienced surges in support for their candidacies at various times since the start of the primary season -- several of them linked with primary wins and other high profile events -- only to see the race revert back to a near tie position .
The last time Clinton moved into a significant lead over Obama was over a month ago , in mid-March , and that was only briefly .
It remains to be seen whether Clinton will pull ahead of Obama in the next few days , or if she is able to sustain her current competitive positioning through and beyond the next round of primaries on May 6 .
Clinton fares slightly better than Obama against John McCain in hypothetical matchups for the November election .
Although both races are too close to call given the poll 's margin of error , Clinton is running two points ahead of McCain , 47 % to 45 % , while Obama is running one point behind , 45 % to 46 % .
-- Lydia Saad
Register to get Gallup Poll Daily tracking reports delivered to you as soon as they are published !
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The Democratic nomination results are based on combined data from April 22 - 24 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 1,246 Democratic and Democratic - leaning voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
The general election results are based on combined data from April 20 - 24 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 4,410 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
ACLU scoffs at reported ' unconstitutional ' wiretap deal Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday June 5 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Congress may be nearing a detente in its nearly yearlong standoff over what to do about phone companies that let government spooks warrantlessly listen in on phone calls crossing their wires , but civil libertarians are worried Democrats may be backing down from demands that the telecoms be held accountable .
Since last summer , Congress has been deadlocked over whether to grant legal immunity to these phone and internet providers as part of a long - term update to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
An immunity provision was shoved through the Senate late last year , but House Democrats have remained steadfast in opposing such a provision .
Now , though , a deal seems near ; House Intelligence Committee Chairman Silvestre Reyes , an influential Democratic voice in the debate , told CongressDaily that he is " fine " with language from Senate Republicans that leaves the door open to retroactive legal immunity for companies that participated in President Bush 's warrantless wiretapping program .
The American Civil Liberties Union slammed the proposed compromise .
 Congress should remember that the majority of Americans are against unwarranted and warrantless surveillance ,  said Caroline Fredrickson , director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office .
 They are against slamming the courthouse doors and letting the phone companies off the hook for selling out their privacy .
If that s where most Americans stand , who exactly is Congress representing ?
Reyes was open to language offered by Sen. Kit Bond ( R - MO ) , which would put the immunity question before the secret FISA court instead of granting a blanket immunity declaration from Congress , saying it was a " middle ground " approach that would allow Congress to " get on with it . "
A Reyes aide told CongressDaily that he still preferred language from House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer that would have federal district courts decide whether the telecoms be spared from defending themselves in some 40 pending civil lawsuits alleging they violated customers privacy .
The ACLU called Reyes 's openness disappointing and cited previous statements where the Texas congressman saw immunity as unnecessary to update FISA .
 Bonds immunity provision , at its heart , is saying its okay to break the law if the president tells you its okay ,  said Michelle Richardson , ACLU Legislative Counsel .
 It would allow telecom companies to walk into a secret court , present a piece of paper  legally binding or not  and walk out without consequences .
What kind of justice takes place entirely behind closed doors , is hinged entirely on a note from the president and revolves around the interpretation of the law and not the law itself ?
Where is our system of checks and balances in this scenario ? 
The ACLU says any compromise on FISA like the ones that have been discussed would almost certainly be unconstitutional , and it urged Congress to stay strong against pressure from the Bush administration .
The FISA update fight has been raging in Congress since last summer , when a temporary measure was pushed through in August .
The debate heated up again in February as Democrats refused to grant immunity and allowed the temporary update to expire , knowing the surveillance it authorized would keep going until this August and the country would not be put in danger .
Congress likely will pass some kind of FISA update before the end of July , when they will leave for another monthlong recess and then transfer into campaign mode .
 For a body that stood so firm against pressure from the Senate and White House earlier this year , it would be a shame to see it fold now in the absence of any real threat or deadline ,  said Fredrickson .
 Being so close to electing a new administration , handing this president a parting gift of expansive spying abilities and legal immunity for his friends would be a massive mistake and would set an unforgivable precedent . 
Could mead hold the secrets to a good sex life ?
Newly - weds were encouraged to drink mead every night for one lunar month after they tied the knot .
The fruits of their so - named honeymoon would then appear nine months later , in the form of a bouncing baby .
Sex life
Now scientists at the Royal Society of Chemistry in London are setting out to determine whether there is any truth in the ancient myth that mead is , indeed , the key to a healthy sex life .
Researchers are seeking the help of prospective honeymooners willing to drink mead every evening for 30 days after they exchange their vows .
Mead was believed to increase virility and fertility
Dr Claire McLoughlin
They will select one couple who will be asked to keep a nightly record of the effects or otherwise of the ancient brew .
The findings will be published in November to coincide with UK Chemistry Week , which will highlight the role of chemistry in daily life .
The society has already placed an order for a dozen bottles of mead to help the couple on their way .
Mead is an alcoholic liquor made by fermenting a mixture of honey and water .
The drink has its roots in Babylon more than 4,000 years ago .
While popular with newly - weds , it was also hailed by soldiers who poured it on wounds in the belief it helped them to heal more quickly .
" Mead was not just drunk as a wine but was believed to have magical powers revitalising and healing , " said Jerome Schooler , who runs Britain 's largest mead maker , Lurgashall Winery in Sussex .
" As a result of this , Mead was the elixir to prolong life .
People thought if they drank it they would be immortal . "
Researchers at the Royal Chemistry Society are hoping their study will unearth some of the science behind the myth .
" There is some serious science in it , " said Claire McLoughlin of the society .
" Mead was believed to increase virility and fertility and as in many myths and legends there is a basis in science because mead is rich in B vitamins and also rich in amino acids which are the building blocks of protein so do increase stamina . "
Couples who are interested in volunteering to take part in the study can email the society at emsleyb@rsc.org
The Bush administration ’s decision to put six detainees at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , on trial before military tribunals and to seek the death penalty is both a betrayal of American ideals and simply bad strategy .
Instead of being what they could and should be  a model of justice dispensed impartially , surely and dispassionately  the trials will proceed under deeply flawed procedures that violate this country ’s basic fairness .
The intense negative attention they will receive will do enormous damage to what is left of America ’s standing in world opinion .
There is good reason to believe that Khalid Shaikh Mohammed and the five others may have been responsible for horrific acts .
If convicted , they should be jailed for life , but that should happen under due process .
Since Sept. 11 , 2001 , the administration has made clear that it wants to give people accused of terrorism as few rights as the Supreme Court will let it get away with .
This week ’s announcement is a reminder that those rights will be so limited in the military tribunals that the credibility of any verdict will be undermined .
Prosecutors will be able to use evidence obtained by improper means , including by torture .
The rules will be stacked in the government ’s favor , so hearsay evidence that would not be allowed in civilian courts may be allowed .
Prosecutors may rely on classified evidence that the defendants will not be able to challenge .
Defendants may not be allowed to call important witnesses .
Hanging over it all is the Kafkaesque fact that even if the defendants were somehow to beat the charges , they would not be set free .
They would simply go back to being detainees in Guantánamo .
Posted by Sir Cucumber at on Monday , April 28 , 2008
Have you ever loved a truly talented person so much that you wish they 'd just fucking die ?
I 'm struggling to see the point of putting anything on this post other than his review :
Creeping along two years behind the rest of the civilized gaming world I 've been able to avoid writing about anything he 's already pissed upon until now , and having finally come to this point I 'm at a loss as to what else needs to be said .
And it's not that he draws funny pictures or says words like " bollocks , " " twat , " or " branston pickle , " or even reviews games in any way comprehensively - it 's the way he judges everything he plays by universal gaming principles so firmly established that many reviewers often do n't feel the need to deeply discuss or even name them .
It does n't matter if you 've ever even heard of the game he 's critiquing , because what he 's really talking about are universal concepts like balance , tradeoffs , control , consequence , agency , atmosphere , and suspension of disbelief .
We started writing Resigned Gamer for what I 'd like to think are the same reasons Yahtzee started these rants - yet every time I see his work I want to give up on doing my own .
Googzor tells us we 've had some return visitors from Australia .
How small a chance do we have that he 's one of them ?
CSP is a great way to reduce or completely remove the number 1 web app security vulnerability – Cross - Site Scripting ( XSS ) .
Thank you for subscribing , now check your email .
The title says it all
The basics and all Rails methods where user input is dangerous
More topics to come soon .
Subscribe to the newsletter to hear about it first .
lat .
PROCRASTINARE composto di PRO avanti e CRASTINARE da CRASTINUS aggettivo di CRAS domani , con desinenza - TINUS come in Pristino ecc. Propr. rimandare al domani , e quindi in senso traslato Differire , Aggiornare , Protrarre .
Deriv .
Procrastinazione = Dilazione , temporeggiamento
Di Chica Mala
Tendo sempre a rimandare tutto , prendo tempo si insomma temporeggio .
Mi vergogno un pò a dirlo ma era da gennaio che non portavo la macchina a lavare .
Prima perchè era inverno e faceva freddo , poi perchè pioveva sempre e sarebbero stati soldi buttati , poi è arrivata la primavera e al lavoro parcheggio sotto gli alberi , che perdono resina quindi .. chi me lo fa fare ?
domani siamo daccapo .
Ma è maggio e sono arrivati i batuffoli dei pioppi , ieri guardavo la macchina e mi sono detta : ” cacchio ! la mia yaris è pelosa ! ” , eh già i simpatici pioppini si sono appiccicati alla resina degli alberi ; ho comunque pensato “ bah .. pioverà prima o poi .. ”
Stamattina però , esco da casa e trovo la mia auto - pelosa piena di schizzi di cemento , i miei vicini stanno intonacando la facciata della casa e siccome avevo parcheggiato proprio li hanno intonacato anche la yaris .
Dopo una litigata di un quarto d’ora con i dirimpettai , stile “ spacca - napoli ” , io per strada loro al balcone , agisco d’impulso e mi fiondo all ’autolavaggio .
Ci sono voluti ben 5 mesi di procrastinazione ma adesso è pulita e profumata .
C’ è un’altra cosa che continuo a rimandare : le vacanze , anche se ne ho un bisogno disperato continuo a prendere tempo .
Ieri però , ho fatto un passo avanti , mentre ero in giro per Corsico sono entrata d’impulso in agenzia e ho preso tutti i depliant possibili e immaginabili su Tanzania e Zanzibar , so che è poco ma è un inizio .
Tendo a procrastinare in tutto , al lavoro quando devo prendere decisioni difficili aspetto sempre che le cose arrivino a punto tale per cui sono obbligata ad agire .
Lo faccio anche in amicizia e nelle relazioni , procrastino .
Mi dico , la prossima volta glielo dico , domani lo faccio , questa cosa mi ha dato fastidio ma lascio perdere .. magari se succede ancora lo faccio presente , vorrei che la nostra amicizia / relazione prenda una piega diversa ma preferisco aspettare magari succede da se , forse chi mi sta davanti ci arriva da solo / a .
Lo so da me che certe cose non ti piovono addosso ( lo so che la macchina non si lava da sola eeeh ) , dovrei provare a cambiare questa mia tendenza .
Si posso provarci .
Oggi a Vigevano con lo zio Buby abbiamo visitato una mostra fotografica su Calcutta e sotto una foto c’era questa frase :
Auckland is a true delight for any visit to New Zealand .
The city has so many things to seduce its visitors .
If you come to see the penguin , there are plenty .
If you come for the unique Maori culture , no place is better than Auckland to learn about that .
There are so many other things to delve into here :
Advertisements
The Dark Sith of Clinton campaign , James Carville finally admitted that the Democratic primary is over , well almost over .
Carville told an audience at Furman University that Clinton should stay in until the last dog dies , but “ I still hear some dogs barking .
I ’m for Senator Clinton , but I think the great likelihood is that Obama will be the nominee . ”
Carville said that the Democratic Party is made up of two groups of voters , one affluent such as suburban women , and one lower to middle class urban and rural people .
This second group is , “ people that look to the federal government to soften the harder edges of capitalism . ”
What made this election interesting to him is that Clinton and Obama split the two groups .
“ All of these things that are happening , the uniqueness of the field , the historical events , there really is no precedence for it …
The country really wants to vote for ( Democrats ) .
We have to not talk our way out of it , ” Carville said .
Advertisements
It is interesting how quickly the Party is coming back together .
Although Obama will have some work to do in the fall with conservative Democrats , I think the shifting of his message to a more economic one will go a long way towards helping him with these voters .
When Carville says it ’s over , then it ’s really over .
Full Article on Carville ’s Speech :
http://www.thestate.com/local/story/403293.html
Sign
Up for our e-Newsletter
Want to hear about our latest news and offers ?
Sign up to our e-Newsletter by clicking or tapping the button below .
QR Code Link to This Post
I 've got a goldfish which lives in a bowl on my desk .
It sits about two feet away from me .
I feed it flakes everyday .
Just now , the damned thing took a shit , turned around , and ate it .
I know I read somewhere that goldfish have a memory span of 3 seconds , but for real , you can't remember taking a crap a millesecond before turning around and registering it as food ?
Oh , god .
He just did it again .
He belongs in a toilet .
This week , a 30 year old man was sentenced to 30 months in prison for his involvement in the so - called pirate ' warez scene ' .
In what appears to be some sort of bizarre parallel universe , it 's been revealed that another notorious pirate has an interesting job - he 's chairman of the San Diego Republican Party .
Reading about the case of David M. Fish , this week almost seemed like an action reply of other similar cases of busts in the ‘ warez scene ‘ .
Operating between 2003 and 2005 , Fish was found guilty of various copyright infringement offenses and was jailed for 30 months with a further three years on probation , which is pretty standard fare in these type of cases .
So imagine if you will , the amazing contrast between Mr Fish ’s predicament and that of Tony Krvaric , chairman of the San Diego Republican Party .
At first glance , they seem very different – but look closer .
To better appreciate the gap , here is some background on Tony Krvaric , courtesy of a Raw Story report and the Republican Party website :
Born and raised in Sweden , Tony Krvaric was inspired by President Ronald Reagan to come to America .
Though only a youth , he vowed to one day become an American and pursue his American Dream .
The first step was to start his own business , and in 1992 when the opportunity presented itself , he moved to San Diego .
After becoming a naturalized citizen in June of 2003 , he decided to become politically involved .
Having seen , first hand , the devastating effects of socialism in Sweden and the rest of Europe , he was determined to stand up for the traditional , conservative values that helped make America great .
So what does a politician have to do with warez ?
Well , the strange truth is that Tony Krvaric is none other than a co-founder of notorious warez group , Fairlight .
Krvaric - who started his cracking career at the “ West Coast Crackers ” - was in fact one of the most well - known individuals in the Warez scene at the time .
Fairlight remained active after Krvaric left in 1993 , and several members of the group were eventually arrested by the FBI in 2004 .
During Fairlight ’s earlier days and their involvement in the Commodore 64 cracking and demo scene , although cautious , the members could n’t have imagined the punishments that are given out today .
Although Krvaric is n’t shy in letting the world know some of his history and present - day situation on the C - 64 Scene Database ;
Presently works as a full - service financial consultant for individuals and families who share his values – helping them grow , preserve and distribute their wealth .
He lives in San Diego with his wife and four children .
Is a member of the Republican Party .
The excellent article goes on to list other alleged infringements by Krvaric over the years , and although he appeared to leave Fairlight in 1992 , there are suggestions that he was still in charge of the group as late as 2004 .
It ’s not possible to say if this is true or not , but according to sources , the group appeared to be operational in late 2007 .
Apparently , Krvaric has now sent an email out to fellow Republicans , trying to calm the waters :
Apparently there ’s a hit piece floating around on me , “ exposing ” my wild high school , teenage years where I was in a computer club where we swapped Commodore 64 games ( similar to how kids swap mp3 music files these days ) .
This was in the 80’s , on a computer that ’s long since defunct ! [ In ] 1990 I graduated high school , grew up and started my own business , and then in 1992 I came to this country , continuing the same business ( selling computer and video game chips and accessories as well as some nonperishable foodstuffs , taking over my father ’s business for a while after he died in 1994 ) until I left that field when the profit margins became too thin to make any money , around 1997 or so .
That ’s when I became a financial consultant , which I remain to this day .
I ’m sure glad they did n’t look in to my elementary school years , as there ’s some really embarrassing stuff that I did in 4th grade .
BTW , I also heard a rumor that another fellow committee member ( who shall remain unnamed ) once made a tape copy of his friend ’s favorite vinyl record .
I do n’t know who is spreading this but just wanted to let you know what ’s going on out there .
Likely it ’s someone who wants us to take our eye off the ball in 2008 , be it the democrats , labor or someone else .
Either way , we ’re not going to let them get away with it .
Thanks for your leadership .
I wonder which way the newly - convicted copyright infringer David Fish would vote – if he was allowed to ?
Speaking of voting , Krvaric – running for reelection in 2008 – registered his email address with the Registrar of Voters .
No -one can accuse him of trying to hide anything , that ’s for sure :
[ email protected ]
therawstory
by Nick Juliano
Pontiff not attending dinner in his honor , White House says
The White House has scheduled a dinner next week in honor of Pope Benedict XVI ’s first visit to the United States , but one guest will be conspicuously absent from the proceedings : the pope himself .
There are no competing events listed on the pope ’s schedule , and the White House was unable to explain Benedict ’s absence from the dinner .
The pontiff will be greeted by the president and first lady upon his arrival to the US Tuesday and participate in a Rose Garden appearance and Oval Office meeting with President Bush the next day .
A dinner scheduled for later Wednesday night did n’t make it onto the Benedict ’s schedule , White House spokesman Scott Stanzel said Friday .
From Friday ’s press briefing :
Q Just to clarify , for the pope ’s visit to the White House , you said that now there ’s a dinner in the East Room in honor of the pope ?
MR. STANZEL : Yes .
Q Will the pope actually be attending that dinner ?
MR. STANZEL : I do n’t believe so , no .
Q Okay .
Thank you .
[…]
Q I ’m sorry .
The pope does n’t attend a dinner in his honor ?
MR. STANZEL : No .
Q ( Off mike . )
MR. STANZEL : He does n’t come into the building .
Q Well , then it ’s not a dinner for the pope , is it ?
MR. STANZEL : It ’s in honor of his visit .
There will be leaders from the Catholic community from all over the country who are in town for that visit .
Q Is there a reason the pope does n’t attend the dinner ?
MR. STANZEL : I do n’t know .
I do n’t have the full extent of his schedule .
Benedict ’s schedule does not indicate any events that would conflict with his ability to attend the 7:30 p.m. dinner that Wednesday .
He is just scheduled to return to the Vatican embassy in Washington at the same time after a meeting with US bishops at the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington .
It ’s unclear why the Pope wo n’t be attending the dinner in his honor , but he is expected to touch on issues upon which he and President Bush disagree during the visit , especially the Iraq war .
During his visit to the United Nations a few days later , the Pope will address “ the false notion that might makes right , ” according to a Vatican representative .
Some experts also predict the Pope would criticize the “ culture of fear ” in the United States .
The Rev. David Hollenbach , director of Boston College ’s Center for Human Rights , said recently that this culture is seen as integral to the US involvement in Iraq .
“ Fear can lead to angry responses , ” Hollenbach said , according to the Connecticut Post .
“ I think the pope ’s message is going to be ‘ Do n’t be afraid . ’
I think the overcoming of fear can take away the impulse for war . ”
( Source )
最近 「特に何か作りたいものがあるわけじゃないけど、プログラミングを学びたい！」という人を何人かみかけました。周りの大勢がPerlがいいとかPythonがいいとか無責任なおすすめをするので選択肢の多さにとまどいがちです。でもそれって、プログラミング言語をイケメンにたとえると恋に恋する乙女な感じ。まわりがわいわいと「サッカー部のA君がかっこいいよ！」「いや、化学研究部のB君の知性的なところがいい！メガネ！白衣！」と騒ぐので自分も話題に参加したいのだけど、A君がいいのかB君がいいのか自分では決められない状態。
すごいうぶだー！ほのぼのする！
ハッカーになろう ( How To Become A Hacker）というエッセイの中では下のように語られています。
つま り「 A君が好き！」とか言って一人の相手にめろめろな状態ではプログラマですらない。二股三股をかけて、何らかの目的があるときに一番都合のいい奴( 車を持っているとかね)を呼び出して使うのがハッカー( 今風に言うとギーク？)なのですよ。そしてそういう経験を積むことで特定の男のではなく一般的な「男という生き物に関する洞察」とか「男を手玉に取る方法」とかを習得する必要があるわけですよ。つまりギークは悪女。特定のステディな言語を持っているギークもいるけど、その特定の言語だけしかやったことがないのはギークじゃない。他の男をつまみ食いした上で「やっぱり自分は○○が好きだ」というのがギーク。
「 B君がかっこいい！」とか言ってわいわい言っているときって、そうやってわいわい言うことを楽しんでるんですよ。でも「B君ががかっこいい！」っていうのは「(私は)B君が好き！」と言っているだけであって「あなたが愛するべき人はB君だ！」という意味ではない。そういうのは人に教えてもらうのではなく自分で見つけ出すしかない。そして初恋の人と生涯つきあうことは稀だ。誰を最初に選ぶかなんて悩むのは時間の無駄ですよ。悩んだりわいわいしたりすること自体が楽しいのかもしれないけど。
-
周りのわいわい言っている側も無責任だよね。何がやりたいのかによって適切な言語は変わってくるわけで、まず最初にすべきことは「どういうことをやりたいの？」という質問じゃないかと。そして「やりたいこと」がないのであれば、イベントに参加して「やりたいこと」を見つけさせるのが先決でしょうに。JavaScriptは悪くない選択肢だけど、作りたいものがウェブサービスなんだったら不適切。Pythonもいい選択肢だと思うけど、やりたいことがchumbyいじりならActionScript2かなでしこ/葵だろう。結局みんな「A君が好き！」と言えるチャンスだから言っているだけだ。
-
http://d.hatena.ne.jp/asami81/20080424/P1
私の場合、言語選択の前に 「これだけは身につけろカス！」ってものがある気がします。それが何なのか分からないの。
ちがうよ！全然違うよ！まず適当な言語を選んで、かじって、次に別の言語を選んで、かじって、もう一個言語を選んで、かじると「これだけは身につけろカス！」ってものが身につくんだよ！順番が逆だよ！
-
ちなみに宣伝 。
性格がまるっきり反対 なJava君 とPython君ですが、実は二人は デキていて 、じゃなかった実は二人は仲良しで、Java君本人はガードが堅いけど、フランクなPython君経由だとprivateなところまで手軽にアクセスできちゃうよ。Python君はJava君よりフランクだら仲良しになりやすいよ。っていうかPython君ひどいよね、Java君がわざわざ人に見られないようにベッドの下に隠したのに取り出して散らかしたりして！(＞＜)
Java君はきっちり片付けてコンパイルしたいのに、Python君にはもう実行時にウィンドウにボタンをつっこんだりボタンを別のウィンドウに移動しちゃったりもうやりたい放題！アーっ！
という二人のイケメンの共同生活を書いたBLな本です。Jythonプログラミング。嘘ですごめんなさい。
This week 's release of the Fedora 9 Linux distribution makes putting a full - fledged desktop on a portable USB thumb drive a three - click affair .
Even better , you do n't need Linux installed to create it , you can leave the data on your thumb drive untouched , and any files you create or settings you tweak remain in place the next time you boot up .
After the jump , let 's create a fully - functional desktop - to - go using a simple Windows program and a 1GB or larger thumb drive .
Advertisement
Why Fedora ?
Turning a live CD ISO into a bootable USB image has been possible for some time now , but it usually involves some heavy lifting with the command line , and almost always in Linux .
Fedora 's liveusb - creator program makes USB imaging dead simple , and the Fedora distribution itself has a lot going for it .
The latest " community " version of Red Hat 's Linux package benefits from the same updates to the GNOME desktop that Ubuntu's Hardy Heron includes , and KDE fans get a pretty full - featured version that runs on the customizable KDE 4 .
You can see a full list of updates and improvements to Fedora 9 here , but it 's best to check it out for yourself .
Here 's how .
Advertisement
Make your live USB
First we 'll need to grab Fedora 's liveusb - creator tool by grabbing the zip file listed under " Download , " extracting it and running the liveusb - creator .
exe file found inside in Windows .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
The top options on the window let you choose to use a live Fedora CD image you 've already downloaded or have the tool grab a copy of the standard Fedora 9 disc itself .
If you 'd rather grab the file yourself or download it through a torrent , use one of the links listed under " live media " at the Fedora Project .
Plug in your USB drive if you have n't already , and make sure it 's selected in the " Target " field .
Do n't worry about files you 've got on there — as long as the tool has space to put Fedora on there , it wo n't touch your other files .
Advertisement
The slider to the right is the most important part — " Persistent Overlay " is the space on the thumb drive you want to use for storing your files and settings .
The Fedora system itself is going to take up roughly the size of a stuffed CD ; using an empty 1GB thumb drive , I chose 205MB for the overlay , which left 63MB free , but you can scale that up for larger drives or down if you want more free space .
Keep in mind that any files you store on the drive itself can be accessed from inside your USB - booted system , so a bigger persistent overlay is n't always necessary .
Advertisement
Hit " Create Live USB , " and watch the creator do its thing .
Once it 's done , your stick is probably ready to get plugged in and booted up .
Fix booting problems
I say " probably " because there 's a chance , especially if you 've done some formatting or other live - booting experiments , that you 'll get an error at boot - up stating there 's " No partition active " or something similar .
If that 's the case , head to your Start menu's " Run " command ( " Start search " box in Vista ) , type in diskpart and hit Enter .
You 'll get a " DISKPART > " command prompt , where you should follow these commands to mark your USB drive as " active . "
Advertisement
list disk ( Note the number that corresponds to your USB drive , usually " 1 " )
( Note the number that corresponds to your USB drive , usually " 1 " ) select disk 1 ( Assuming " 1 " was your USB drive
( Assuming " 1 " was your USB drive list partition ( If you multi- partitioned your USB drive , select the right one , otherwise we 'll assume " 1 " )
( If you multi- partitioned your USB drive , select the right one , otherwise we 'll assume " 1 " ) select partition 1
active
exit
Customize your persistent desktop
Advertisement
Now you should be set to boot into Fedora 9 .
You 'll see a splash screen counting down from 10 when you boot ( hit Enter twice to speed it up ) , and you 'll land at a desktop that 's pretty much a fresh Fedora 9 install .
You can access to your USB drive 's files from here , connect to a wired or wireless network with the icon in the upper - right system tray , and you 've got a solid set of built - in applications —
Firefox 3 Beta 5 , the GIMP , Pidgin , the Transmission BitTorrent client , and a pretty nifty Bluetooth manager , to name a few .
Want to add Thunderbird or OpenOffice.org ?
Head to the upper - left menus and click to System -> Administration -> Add / Remove Programs .
Anything you install goes into your " persistent overlay , " so as long as you 've got space for it , you can add whatever you 'd like .
Advertisement
Now it 's time to explore and get familiar with a GNOME - based Linux system ( or KDE 4 , depending on which image you grabbed ) .
Here are a few suggestions on helpful tweaks you might want to make once you 're set up :
Advertisement
Enable your NTFS drives :
If you 've loaded a USB Fedora on a system with Windows installed , you 'll want to open up Add / Remove Programs , search for " ntfs- config , " and install that package .
From the System menu again , choose NTFS Config , and you can select the drives you want to have access to .
Sync data with your Windows apps :
Once you can see your NTFS drives on your desktop , you can use your established settings in Firefox 3 , Thunderbird , Pidgin , and other apps if you 're booting on the same system as Windows .
Check out our guide to dual - booting with shared data GMarks
Once you can see your NTFS drives on your desktop , you can use your established settings in Firefox 3 , Thunderbird , Pidgin , and other apps if you 're booting on the same system as Windows .
Check out our Turn off annoying system sounds :
One misstep Fedora makes , at least in my opinion , is enabling by default a slew of little chirps and whistles every time you click or do something .
To silence them , head to System - Preferences -> Hardware ->Sound , click the " System " tab , and un-check the " Enable system sounds " box .
Advertisement
You 've now got a portable system that 's great for rescuing un - bootable computers , bringing your favorite work apps on the go , or just testing out Linux with realistic performance and custom options .
What apps and tweaks have you made to your own live USB system ?
Share your tips , and questions , in the comments .
Kevin Purdy , associate editor at Lifehacker , wrote this feature from inside his USB drive .
His weekly feature , Open Sourcery , appears every Friday on Lifehacker .
Alan Sanders
THERE are now so many choices to make when buying a new car that the makers often provide a click - through configuration service on their websites , so the combinations of model , engine , colour , interior trim , entertainment system and so forth can be explored by customers .
When it comes to the transmission , the choice used to be a simple one : automatic or manual ?
And most buyers knew exactly what they wanted ; nine out of ten drivers in America would choose automatics , and eight out of ten Europeans would go for manuals .
But now a range of new gearboxes is blurring the distinction — and giving car buyers a lot more to think about .
Confusingly , carmakers use many different terms and brand names for these new transmissions , and new types are being unveiled all the time .
To make matters worse , many car salesmen do not know much about them , if complaints on motoring blogs are anything to go by .
The new gearboxes are perhaps best described as automated - manuals , though sometimes they are called semi-automatics or clutchless - manuals , which is a bit misleading .
Most are based on manual gearboxes , but use electronic actuators to shift gears and to operate a built - in clutch .
This is a very different arrangement from a standard automatic , which uses a more complex system of “ planetary ” gears , and transmits power to the wheels through a torque converter , a hefty piece of kit that takes the place of a clutch .
Some standard automatics , such as the Porsche - developed Tiptronic system , can also operate in a semi-automatic mode when equipped with manual overrides .
Carmakers have played around with gearboxes that are half - manual and half - automatic for decades .
So what has caused the sudden renewal of interest ?
The fact that electronics are now powerful and robust enough to make automated manuals which are far better , and reliable enough to do away with the clutch pedal altogether .
Some people in the car industry think pedal clutches will now disappear , just as carburettors did after electronically controlled fuel - injectors came in .
Hardcore stick - shifters , who think automatics are for wimps , will laugh at that .
But they should try something like a Ferrari 612 Scaglietti fitted with an F1A automated - manual gearbox .
The car has no gearstick and no clutch pedal , but it does have a button marked “ auto ” .
Press this , and instead of using the shift levers on the steering wheel to change gear manually , a computer takes over .
It changes gear as sedately as a family saloon when ambling along , but driven aggressively it turns into a different beast .
Software analyses the style of driving and selects the appropriate shift patterns .
It can change gear in microseconds , which is much faster than any human can .
Hardly surprisingly , the gearbox was derived from an automated manual used in Formula 1 cars .
But it is not just supercars that are being fitted with these new gearboxes .
They are also appearing in smaller , cheaper cars .
In Europe the Vauxhaul / Opel Corsa , for instance , is offered with an automated manual called Easytronic .
Standard automatics have generally remained a bit too expensive , heavy and fuel - thirsty for use in small cars , but automated manuals are lighter , less complex and cheaper to produce .
In part this is because gear changes are more accurate when carried out under computer control , so gearboxes do not have to be made extra rugged .
One system that has set the pace is the DualTronic produced by America 's BorgWarner , which is known as a Direct Shift Gearbox when fitted in a Volkswagen , and an s-Tronic in an Audi .
This is a dual - clutch transmission , which works rather like two gearboxes combined into one , with one gear driving the car while another stands ready to take over .
One clutch operates first , third and fifth gear , and the other looks after second , fourth and sixth .
Software detects how the car is being driven and pre-selects which gear should get ready to be engaged next .
So , if accelerating in third , fourth gear will be ready for the change up .
Gear selection can be left to the computer , or controlled by the driver .
Taking over
In such systems the computer will not allow foolish manual changes .
It will change down , for instance , if the engine is labouring up a steep hill in a gear that is too high .
This level of cleverness allows carmakers to program the gearboxes to maximise fuel efficiency and minimise emissions .
The bonus for drivers is fast , smooth gear changes , and no clutch pedal to press .
The buyer is still likely to pay a premium for an automated manual , although that could change if they become more universal .
They are heading that way : BorgWarner alone expects soon to be building 2.3 m DualTronics a year .
How automated manuals will affect sales of continuously variable transmissions ( CVTs ) remains to be seen .
Instead of cogs , CVTs use belt systems that provide an infinite number of gear ratios .
They tend to be more popular in Asia , but have not sold in huge numbers .
As rival technologies add more gear ratios — ZF , a German gearbox - maker , recently announced an eight - speed automatic — CVTs could be overtaken .
And just to blur things even further , Mercedes has launched a new gearbox called the Speedshift MCT , which is a planetary - geared automatic in which the torque converter has been replaced by an automated clutch .
The only sure way for a car buyer to pick the right sort of gearbox is to arrange lots of test drives .
Never mind the radiation : British contingency planners are worried there would be a dramatic shortage of tea in the aftermath of a nuclear attack , recently declassified documents showed .
The shortfall of the staple British beverage would be " very serious " if the country were to come under attack with atomic and hydrogen bombs , according to a memo drafted between 1954 and 1956 .
" The tea position would be very serious with a loss of 75 per cent of stocks and substantial delays in imports , and with no system of rationing it would be wrong to consider that even 28 grams per head per week could be ensured , " it said .
" No satisfactory solution has yet been found . "
Another memo , written in April 1955 , warned : " The advent of thermo - nuclear weapons ... has presented us with a new and much more difficult set of food defence problems . "
The contingency planning documents listed a number of issues for discussion including arrangements to ensure stockpiles of food and the availability of bread , milk , meat , oils and fats , and tea and sugar .
The memos were among a number of documents released by the National Archives .
- AFP
This week , the 36th International Exhibition of Inventions has flooded Geneva with tinkerers , hackers , and other weirdos who like to make stuff .
One of the largest gatherings of its kind , the organizers explain ( pdf ) in delightfully weird English that " 1,000 completely new inventions in all areas of human activity are presented by companies , researchers and inventors , universities and private and State organisms . "
Being the merry band of builders that you are , I 'm sure you 're all already there among the 65,000 attendees snapping pictures , but in case you could n't make it , we present a mini - gallery of minor genius on parade .
Pictured above is Heina Gruber of South Dakota Germany and his hot - air grill , which puts a vertical spin on the conventional barbecue , supposedly allowing for healthier cooking .
You 'll find four more inventors and their nerdy , charming brainchildren after the jump .
But it 's not all mullets and roasting sausages at the expo .
There are some serious , productivity - enhancing inventions like the Trespolo , created by Italy 's Cosimo Letterielo , and pictured above .
This transformer of a laptop case can change into a workstation in 30 seconds .
Now if only he can add a windmill and some solar cells , you 'll never have to fight for a table or an outlet at your favorite overcrowded coffee shop .
After all that eating and off - desk working , your spine is probably longing for a massage .
But , massages are expensive , so instead , you can use France 's Paul Fischer 's Cervical Stretcher exercise and therapy device .
As a bonus , the clever design looks like a very small toilet seat with shoulder pads .
When you need a 108 decibel noise but do n't have any batteries or explosive devices , you can turn to Roberto Riber Arzabala of Spain 's logically - named " Air horn " .
Just blow into the mouthpiece and out comes an ear - shattering wall of sound .
Earplugs not included .
Fabrice Leblat 's Leblatphone is a portable speaking machine for those who have lost their ability to talk .
It works a bit like Stephen Hawking 's speech - aid Words Plus , but in handheld form .
By producing sounds from syllables , it does seem to work , but judging from this – video , no one is going to mistake you for Cicero .
Images : AP Photo / Keystone , Martial Trezzini
AUBURN , Calif . 
While most Congressional races are known for incumbency comfort , a nasty battle over the seat held since 1993 by John T. Doolittle  a Republican who decided not to seek re-election after coming under fire over his ties to a convicted lobbyist  has shaken up this reliably conservative spot on the California map .
The race , for one of only two open Congressional seats in the state , has intrigued Californians and raised hopes among Democrats nationwide that this might just be the year they flip a seat that for decades has been reliably Republican .
On the Republican side , the battle has pitted Tom McClintock , a well - known state legislator and frequent candidate , against Doug Ose , a former congressman .
Their primary race has embroiled the state ’s Republican Party over endorsement rules , and forced the residents of the state ’s Fourth Congressional District  which runs from the eastern Sacramento suburbs to the Oregon border  to ponder why the two men wishing to represent them do not actually live among them .
Waiting in the general - election wings is Charlie Brown , a plain - spoken former Air Force helicopter pilot and Democrat whose support of gun rights and small - government - preaching attitude is probably nearer to Mr. Doolittle than to most members of his party .
Mr. Brown came within 9,000 votes of unseating Mr. Doolittle in 2006 .
Poker is a gambling game above anything else .
You can expect people to attempt cheating since it involves money .
Back in the day when it started in Mississippi riverboats , the game was actually called “ the cheating game . ”
Throughout history , while other players try to be more skilled , cheaters have developed their methods in order to win .
Many methods for cheating need a confederate , an accomplice that aids the cheating plan .
Mostly , the dealer is aboard .
Given the surveillance installed in modern casinos , crooked dealers are quite rare in such places .
On the other hand , they are more common in less formal games .
In cases of dealer rotation setups , the cheaters only have to wait for one of them to become the dealer .
Here are some cheating methods that are used in poker .
Most of them can also be used in most card games .
Second Dealing / Bottom Dealing
To effectively pull these methods off , a lot of practice is needed .
Between the two , second dealing is far more common perhaps because it is more useful , but bottom dealing is more known .
Both methods involve dealing another card instead of normally handing out the top card .
Second dealing is done by the dealer pretending to deal cards normally .
However , what is actually happening is the dealer holds on to the top card while he or she slides another card beneath it .
He or she would only deal the top card to his or her partner , who will use it to win the round .
Bottom dealing is done by dealing the bottom card instead of the top .
The objective is the same .
The top card can be marked or slipped on top by the dealer using a variety of methods , like false shuffle .
Marking Cards
There are different ways of marking a card , but the practice has only one objective .
That is for the cheaters to know what the card is even without seeing the face .
One common marking method is making an indentation on the corner of a card , may be via a fingernail or a small piece of metal .
Another method is making a smudge at the back of the card , usually with a pencil lead or a piece of charcoal .
Others are more complex , like subtle modifications on the pattern at the back of a card or tiny trims along the side .
The dealer only needs to feel the card to find the cards they need .
Shiners
Shiner is a term used to refer to anything reflective which a player utilizes to see the face of a card , usually during a deal .
Some shiners might be in jewelry , fingernails , cigarettes , or on an object situated on the table .
Holdouts
A holdout is any tool used by a cheater to bring in a card to his or her hand from outside the game .
To ensure the card matches the deck used for the game , the cheater would take it out from the actual deck before the game starts .
The cheater would hide this card where it wo n’t be easily seen but easy to bring out when needed .
The most common is the sleeve , thus the expressions “ you got something up your sleeve . ”
Other places are under the table , the player ’s chair , or other parts of the player ’s clothing .
Some cheaters go to lengths as to use a complex mechanical device that is utilized with sleight of hand .
False Shuffle / Cuts
These methods make the dealer appear to be randomizing the deck , but he or she is actually arranging the deck to fit his or her needs .
Sometimes
Cold Deck
The method of cold decking is done by replacing the real deck secretly with a pre-arranged deck .
The objective is the same as in false cuts and shuffles .
Collusion
This cheating method would require at least two partners who have their own set of signals .
These signals are exchanged between the partners to let each other know their hole cards .
They then use this information to attempt to manipulate the other player ’s bets .
Taking the Cheats Off Their Game
Now that you know the cheating methods in poker , it is good to know how to prevent the cheaters from succeeding with them .
Cut it
Cutting is probably the simplest but surest way to combat cheating .
Do not even join a game that does n’t allow cutting .
Even if you do n’t suspect cheating , make it a habit to cut the deck before every round .
The recommended deck cutting is to separate the deck into three piles , take the cards previously at the bottom and stack them on top .
Then , make another cut .
Fresh Deck
In casinos , they mostly have a policy that a new pack of cards would be used for every new poker game .
The dealer opens the pack straight from the plastic wrapper in front of all players .
If this is not the case , you can also ask for a new deck .
Remember though , that many manipulated or marked decks are manufactured at gambling supply houses and resealed in the plastic wrappers .
Thus , there is no guarantee that it would help .
Leave the Table
If you feel the cheating is just too unrestrained , it ’s time to leave the game .
If the place you play in earns from the games , mostly through a table fee or a percentage of the pot , tell the manager your reason for leaving .
A house that tolerates cheating will lose customers , the source of their revenue .
So , if they do n’t want that to happen , they will snuff out cheating .
Speak to the Manager
In major casinos , cheating is a big deal .
The chance of getting away after committing an act of cheating is close to zero .
The punishment is equally serious – it can land you in jail for a long time .
If you have a suspicion of cheating , speak to the proper authorities , most likely the floor manager .
Surveillance tapes can be reviewed to confirm if cheating actually happened .
The casinos have it in their best interests to ensure poker , along with other games , is clean .
Speaking to the manager is your best choice in the matter , unless the whole staff is involved in the cheating .
That is an unlikely scenario if you ’re playing in a reputable casino .
Things are heating up again over Viacom 's one billion dollar lawsuit against YouTube .
According to the BBC , Google 's lawyers have claimed that it " threatens the way hundreds of millions of people legitimately exchange information " over the web .
On the other hand , Viacom claims that they 're protecting not only their copyright , but also the interests of every copyright holder out there .
My favorite expert on copyright , Mike Masnick , hits the nail on the head again , saying that the broadcast companies and Google ( and pretty much everyone else ) see the Internet as two different things .
He says :
" Media companies still look on the internet as a content platform .
That is , they think of it as a new broadcast medium .
Most other folks recognize that the internet is a communications medium , and the focus should be on the ease of communication .... When it comes to communication , " he argues , " the idea of using copyright to restrict content gets weird in a hurry .
A similar thought came to me as I was listening to some Muxtapes .
It 's a beautiful way to share music , but I 'm sure that many copyright owners will see it as just another way to steal and pillage .
Yes , music gets shared ; yes , I may have not bought all the MP3s I 've listened to on Muxtape yesterday ; but it sure as hell did n't feel like stealing ; it felt like fun .
People are n't stealing anything there , they 're making compilations of their favorite music out of love .
Unfortunately for media companies , the Internet enables you to communicate in a technically sophisticated way ; you can embed text , music , images and video into the communication , something what only TV , radio and the newspapers could do a couple of decades ago .
Now , it can be done by everyone ; is it a bad thing ?
No one can convince me that the Internet is just a medium for a big fat theft ; if anything , I 'll believe that the concept of copyright as it is now and the concept of Internet are n't compatible .
Guess which one I 'll discard first .
Agarose gel electrophoresis ?
Most teenagers would n't have a clue what this scientific term means , but middle school student Andrew Trigiano knows the protocol inside and out .
When Andrew was 12 , his father Robert Trigiano , a professor at the University of Tennessee , was looking for an interesting science project for his son .
Setting out to compare differences in popular brands of Easter egg dyes , Trigiano 's project soon grew into a full - blown scientific study and set of replicable classroom experiments .
One of the most frequently used tools in biochemistry and biotechnology , agarose gel electrophoresis is a common forensic technique often used in genetic or DNA fingerprinting .
The procedure is achieved by moving negatively charged nucleic acid molecules through a gelatinous substance known as agarose by using an electric field .
Andrew , in collaboration with his father and other researchers , completed the study , which is published in the January 2008 issue the American Society of Horticultural Science 's journal HortTechnology .
The youngest author ever to publish in an ASHS journal , Andrew was only 12 when he began the research project and 14 when the study was published .
The resulting experiments were developed for use in middle and high school classrooms or for teachers and undergraduate students who have limited hands - on experience with this technique .
As Dr. Trigiano explained , " one experiment , electrophoresis of common food dyes , was designed for secondary and undergraduate students but can be used as an inexpensive means for introducing the main concepts of electrophoresis to anyone .
Popular brands of food dyes ( red , blue , yellow , and green ) purchased at local markets are mixed into a 60 % glycerol / water solution and are separated on 1 % agarose gels .
Mixed colors are separated into primary colors ( e.g. , green into blue and yellow ) and some apparently single dyes often have extra " surprise " components . "
Explaining another experiment from the study , Trigiano continued : " The second laboratory exercise requires more extensive equipment and a more advanced set of skills , but the exercise has been completed successfully by middle school - level through graduate - level students and teachers .
In this exercise , the internally transcribed spacer region of the ribosomal subunit for a fungus , plant , and insect are amplified and separated electrophoretically on agarose gels .
A simple crime is solved using polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) and DNA fingerprinting . "
The experiments outlined in the study provide students with hands - on practice assembling master mixes for PCR , using pipettes , and performing the various steps involved in PCR amplification .
Instructions for both exercises are formatted in easy - to - follow procedure boxes , and a downloadable presentation is available on the web .
The cost of supplies is about one dollar per student , making these exercises relatively inexpensive to conduct .
Dr. Trigiano hopes the experiments will be a vehicle to introduce electrophoresis to students of all ages .
" The experiments are fun , engaging and inexpensive compared to most commercially available kits .
The downloadable PowerPoint presentation also helps explain the process visually .
The techniques are easily understood and completed by students of all ages with a minimum of equipment and other resources . "
Trigiano attributes his son Andrew for much of the research study 's success .
" Andrew did most of the PowerPoint presentation , the dye figures in the article , much of the experimentation with the dyes and helped develop the dye - based forensic exercise . "
From the results , it 's clear that this teenager has science in his DNA .
Many Commuters Shift To Motorcycles And Scooters
Some people who can't afford gasoline for commutes by car are shifting to motorcycles .
" As soon as [ gas ] hit about $ 3.50 , it was no longer really affordable , " said Watson , 27 , who recently bought a 2002 Kawasaki KLR650 for $ 2,600 , took a rider training course and started commuting via motorcycle two weeks ago .
He gets to work in as little as 15 minutes , compared with the hour it could take in his 17 - miles - per - gallon Jeep Liberty , thanks to the HOV lanes on Interstate 395 .
His bike gets about 50 mpg .
" I love it , " Watson said .
Motorcycles cost less to buy and get higher fuel efficiency than almost all cars .
Motorcycles make simple economic sense , riders and advocates say .
A new , stripped - down motorcycle cost an average of $ 8,290 in 2007 , and motorcycles typically get 40 to 60 mpg , said Mike Mount , spokesman for the Motorcycle Industry Council .
Heyser Cycle , a dealer in Laurel Maryland , lists the scooters Yamaha Zuma at 123 mpg and the Yamaha Vino at 89 mpg .
They list the motorcycles Honda CBR 600RR at 45 mpg and the Kawasaki Vulcan also at 45 mpg .
These are disappointing numbers for the motorcycles .
The thought that strikes me about scooters and motorcycles :
People who are driving longer distances are going to tend to do so on highways and will lean toward motorcycles for commuting .
So the scooters probably get driven shorter distances and so their higher fuel efficiency has less impact since people who drive shorter distances do not use as much fuel anyway .
Why are n't motorcycle fuel efficiency numbers higher ?
Do their shapes generate more aerodynamic drag ?
Or are they mechanically less optimized than a car ?
The Missouri Highway Patrol finds Harley ElectraGlides get about 34 mpg in the city .
Not so impressive unless they are compared to a Ford Crown Vic .
The improved fuel economy of the bikes -- they get about 34 mpg in the city , compared to 16 mpg averaged in the patrol 's Crown Victorias -- is a side benefit , he said .
" That was not the initial reason ( for the project ) ... but it has turned out to be a fuel - saving venture for us . "
Another article puts these Harleys at 50 mpg on the highway .
Okay , but a Prius can get 45 mpg on the highway and the 2009 Prius might go 12 % further per gallon by one measure .
So that would put it at least equal to the Harley in fuel efficiency on the highway and far better in the city .
In our high gasoline price environment and rising unemployment sales are down for Harley .
Harley - Davidson , which sells only heavyweights ( 651 - cc engines and larger ) , saw its U.S. sales fall 6.2 percent last year , its first decline since 1986 .
Industrywide , heavyweight bikes were off 5 percent in 2007 .
Harley 's U.S. sales were down nearly 13 percent in the first quarter of 2008 , while industry sales fell 11 percent , to 173,922 .
For heavyweight bikes across the board , that decline is 14 percent .
In response , Harley announced it would cut about 25,000 bikes , or 7 - 8 percent , from production plans and 730 employees , 10 percent of its North American workforce .
But with the economy down and people tight with their money sales are up for much cheaper and more fuel efficient scooters .
Scooter sales , on the other hand , are climbing .
The industry council says motorscooters jumped 24 percent in the first quarter , though it does n't release a number .
Scooter sales have doubled since 2004 to 131,000 last year , accounting for 12 percent of industry sales .
Vespa 's sales are up the most and Vespa owners I know assure me that the Vespa is the coolest scooter out there .
Kevin Foley of Yamaha 's scooter division said that sales are up 65 percent over last year , while Vespa 's sales shop up a record - setting 106 percent .
The scooter industry as a whole climbed 25 percent in the last quarter .
Honda scooters sales are up 30 percent over last year -- which were already up 20 percent from 2006 .
A Yamaha scooter with an engine big enough for freeway speeds has fuel efficiency no better than a Prius .
Yamaha has released one new scooter for 2009 .
The Tmax has a 4 gallon tank that gets about 47 mpg .
The nearly 500 cc engine makes it the biggest scooter Yamaha makes .
Update :
What I wonder :
Will rising oil prices reduce road fatalities by reducing miles driven and by reducing the SUV threat to smaller cars ?
Or will so many people shift to more dangerous motorcycles and scooters that net fatalities actually go up ?
In any event , a mile not driven is a mile where you wo n't get in an accident .
Two Modesto men are facing mandatory 20 - year prison sentences after being convicted of running a medical - marijuana operation that federal prosecutors labeled a criminal enterprise , authorities said today .
Luke Anthony Scarmazzo , 28 , and Ricardo Ruiz Montes , 28 , were convicted by a federal jury Fresno on Thursday of conducting a continuing criminal enterprise , growing marijuana and possessing marijuana with the intent to distribute .
The conviction for running a criminal enterprise carries a mandatory sentence of at least 20 years .
U.S. District Judge Oliver Wanger is to sentence both men Aug. 4 .
Federal officials said the case sends a message to marijuana growers and dealers who believe they are shielded from prosecution under the California law legalizing medical marijuana use .
" Scarmazzo and Montes made millions by exploiting and hiding behind California 's medical marijuana law , " said McGregor Scott , U.S. attorney in Sacramento .
" In this case , there was no conflict between state and federal law , as their conduct was illegal under both .
" California 's medical marijuana law clearly sets out that making a profit selling marijuana is illegal , " Scott said .
" These two set out to make as much money as they could as drug dealers , plain and simple . "
Scarmazzo and Montes obtained a business license from the city of Modesto by falsely representing that their California Healthcare Collective would engage in " retail sales of natural health - care products , " authorities said .
In reality , they limited their business to marijuana sales , authorities said .
The collective filed papers with Modesto stating that it earned more than $ 4.5 million while operating in the Central Valley city from 2004 to 2006 , investigators said .
But the evidence at trial showed that the defendants actually generated more than $ 9 million in sales .
Much of the money was used for personal purchases , such as Scarmazzo's $ 184,000 Mercedes - Benz , prosecutors said .
The jury found the men not guilty of possessing firearms in furtherance of a drug trafficking crimes .
The panel could not reach a verdict on whether the men had conspired to distribute marijuana and possess marijuana with the intent to distribute .
Federal prosecutors are seeking forfeiture of more than $ 200,000 in seized assets .
Michelle Meldrum ( Meldrum , Phantom Blue ) Passes Away
By Newsferatu , Writer
Thursday , May 22 , 2008 @ 0:11 AM
- advertisement - - advertisement - UPDATE : Michelle Meldrum has passed at the age of 39 .
She passed away as a result of a cystic growth which caused restricted oxygen and blood flow to her brain .
More ....
Press release : Hollywood ( May 21 , 2008 ) - On May 18 , Michelle Meldrum , leader of the band Meldrum and former Phantom Blue guitarist , was rushed to St. Joseph ’s Hospital in Burbank in critical condition .
She passed away late afternoon Wednesday , May 21 , 2008 as a result of a cystic growth on her brain that had restricted oxygen and blood flow to her brain rendering her brain dead .
Meldrum had just completed writing and recording the bands soon to be released album with drummer Gene Hoglan , along with the new lineup Michele Madden ( vocals ) and Laura Christine ( bass ) .
The surviving band members plan to release the album later this year in tribute to their fallen band - mate .
Those who knew Michelle recognize that she lived every moment for the music , and was regarded as both an exceptional guitarist and a nurturer by her associates , friends , family and son .
Meldrum , 39 is survived by her parents and three year old son , Jake Thomas .
Her family and band members appreciate all the support that has been shown over the past few days through this trying time .
A memorial tribute benefit will be announced in the following weeks .
Michelle Meldrum was born on Sept 28 , 1968 in Detroit , Michigan to a family of musicians and actors .
At 13 , Meldrum moved to Los Angeles , California and started her career in music by forming the thrash metal band WARGOD with drummer Gene Hoglan ( DARK ANGEL , DEATH , and STRAPPING YOUNG LAD ) .
When WARGOD disbanded Meldrum continued her search for a band and become both co-founder and lead guitarist in all girl metal / rock band PHANTOM BLUE .
PHANTOM BLUE released their self - titled debut album on Shrapnel Records as well as Roadrunner Records , and eventually landed a deal with major label Geffen .
Once PHANTOM BLUE disbanded after a successful run at fame , Michelle Meldrum moved to Sweden and formed her current band MELDRUM .
After many triumphant tours with such acts as MOTÖRHEAD and BLACK LABEL SOCIETY , she reunited with Hoglan in 2006 .
Hoglan had appeared as a special guest on the MELDRUM album prior and played several events .
Inspired to once again collaborate , Meldrum moved back to America where she and Hoglan began writing the aforementioned third MELDRUM album together .
http://www.meldrum.nu/
Back to Top Please log in to view RANTS
If you do n't have a username , click here to create an account !
Username : Password :
Message :
Congressional Democrats plan three - stage charade to pass Iraq war funds
By Bill Van Auken
13 May 2008
In order to once again approve hundreds of billions of dollars to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , while posturing as opponents of “ Bush ’s war , ” the Democratic leadership in Congress has crafted an elaborate legislative charade that is set to begin unfolding this week .
The leadership ’s scheme involves splitting contradictory measures contained within the massive spending bill and putting them to separate votes in an attempt to placate the divergent wings of an increasingly fragmented party .
The Democratic speaker of the House of Representatives , Nancy Pelosi of California , has promised to have a war funding bill on Bush ’s desk before the end of this month .
The House bill is to authorize $ 162.5 billion in war spending — nearly $ 100 billion to cover war costs for the current fiscal year , which goes through the end of September , plus tens of billions more to pay for the fighting into the summer of 2009 , more than five months after the next president takes office .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( Democrat of Nevada ) said on Monday that a war funding bill would be brought before the Senate on Wednesday .
Reid , however , was less sanguine about the prospects of the legislation being passed before the Congress begins its Memorial Day break .
“ We are not going to be panicked into completing this , ” Reid said in remarks delivered on the Senate floor .
“ We know there is enough money to fund the troops for a considerable period after the Memorial Day recess , ” he continued .
“ We ’ll do our best to get that done , but we ’re not going to be pushed into doing something we do n’t think is appropriate . ”
The administration has attempted to create a crisis atmosphere around the war funding debate , with the Pentagon warning that it may be forced to begin sending out temporary layoff notices to some of the Defense Department ’s more than 200,000 civilian employees and halt pay checks to the troops if the measure does not pass before mid-June .
The aim of bundling money for fiscal 2009 with the appropriation for 2008 is to get the issue of Iraq off the table , politically speaking , before the height of the 2008 election campaign .
The Democratic leadership has signaled its desire to place the war on the back burner , while concentrating its campaign on economic issues .
This strategy echoes that pursued by the Democrats in 2002 , when the party supplied the votes needed to pass the measure granting Bush a blank check to invade Iraq on the theory that it could win the midterm congressional races that year by ceding the war issue to the White House and running on issues related to the economy .
The result was a resounding defeat for the Democrats that left the Republicans in control of both houses of Congress for the next four years .
As the Wall Street Journal put it on Saturday , “ Democratic leaders in the House have been hoping for quick passage of emergency funding for the Iraq war — an issue that splits their party and diverts valuable attention from the economic issues they think will help them win this year ’s elections . ”
Additional monies requested by the administration for operations in the Middle East , “ war on terrorism ” activities , domestic military construction , food aid and other items would bring the total package to roughly $ 183 billion .
On top of that , the Democratic leadership has proposed additional “ sweeteners ” that would bring the total price tag for the supplemental legislation to over $ 200 billion , none of it funded by specific revenues .
These measures include an extension of benefits for the long - term unemployed and a significant expansion of educational benefits for Iraq and Afghanistan veterans under the GI Bill .
The veterans ’ benefits alone — which would provide full college tuition at any state school along with a housing stipend — are projected to cost $ 51.8 billion over the next 10 years .
A conservative wing of the House Democrats , the so - called “ Blue Dogs , ” who account for 48 votes , have opposed the measures on the grounds that they violate the Democrats ’ “ pay - as - you - go ” rule , requiring that any new spending be covered by additional taxes or offsetting cuts to other parts of the budget .
Meanwhile , the so - called “ Out of Iraq Caucus ” has opposed passing unconditional funding for the war and demanded that the Democratic leadership once again attempt to condition the new monies on a timetable for the withdrawal of US troops from Iraq .
This proposal mandates that American occupation troops begin coming home in 30 days , with a full withdrawal completed in 18 months .
Democrats are also pushing for amendments aimed at compelling Iraq to pay for the cost of its own occupation .
These proposals are predicated on the reactionary and demagogic contention that the Iraqis are insufficiently grateful for the beneficence of the United States — whose invasion and occupation have killed an estimated one million Iraqis — and the charge that the occupied country is failing to meet its commitments and even profiting off of American largesse .
Proposals are being submitted barring any further US funding for Iraqi reconstruction unless it is matched dollar - for - dollar by the Iraqi puppet regime , and demanding that Iraq sell fuel to the US military at the same price it charges Iraqi citizens .
Bush , meanwhile , has vowed to veto any legislation that includes additional monies , including those for the GI Bill expansion .
In a closed - door meeting with congressional Republicans last week , he urged them to vote against the veterans ’ benefits and to uphold his veto .
By holding three separate votes — one on the war spending , a second on the veterans ’ and unemployment benefits and a third on a troop withdrawal timetable — the Democratic leadership aims to provide political cover for all wings of the party .
Those aiming to run as antiwar candidates can vote against the war funding , while voting for the timetable and the new benefits , while fiscal conservatives can vote for the war funding , but against the benefits .
The Pelosi leadership is confident that , should the timetable measure pass the House , it will be stripped from the legislation by the Senate Democratic leadership .
And , if as expected , Bush vetoes a measure that includes the GI Bill and unemployment benefits , Congress will ultimately pass an unadorned war funding bill and the Democrats will use the veto as a campaign issue in November .
This was already evident in a speech delivered by the Democratic presidential front - runner , Senator Barack Obama , in Charleston , West Virginia on Monday , in which he described the Republican Party ’s presumptive presidential candidate , Senator John McCain , as “ one of the few senators of either party who oppose this bill because he thinks it ’s too generous . ”
In May of last year , in response to White House vetoes , the Democratic leadership ended a similar legislative process by abandoning all of its proposals for troop withdrawal timetables , “ benchmarks ” and other restrictions on the administration ’s conduct of the war .
The Democrats supplied ample votes in both houses of Congress to ensure passage of an unencumbered $ 100 billion to pay for continuing the death and destruction in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The end of the elaborate legislative process being organized this year will inevitably be the same .
Under conditions in which every opinion poll has shown both popular opposition to the Iraq war and hostility to the Bush White House at record highs , the Democrats are unwilling and unable to mount a genuine opposition to the war .
From the run-up to the US invasion six years ago to the eve of the 2008 election , the Democratic Party has remained an indispensable accomplice in the waging of this neo-colonial war and occupation .
Nor is there any reason to believe that the party will cease its support for this criminal venture should it capture control of the White House in November .
A network of individuals , independent and alternative media activists and organisations , offering grassroots , non-corporate , non-commercial coverage of important social and political issues .
New report details torture of Guantánamo prisoner Binyam Mohamed Andy Worthington , author of “ The Guantánamo Files , ” introduces a new report , by legal action charity Reprieve , detailing the rendition and torture of British resident Binyam Mohamed , who faces a trial by Military Commission in Guantánamo .
http://www.reprieve.org.uk/documents/2008_06_10Mohamed-HumanCargoFinalMedia.pdf.
Binyam ’s horrific story has been in the public domain since 2005 , when his lawyers first revealed his account of his 18 - month torture in Morocco at the hands of proxy torturers working on behalf of the US , but the US administration has never seen fit to investigate the allegations .
Reprieve is submitting a more detailed version of the report to Representative Bill Delahunt ( D - Mass . ) , who is campaigning assiduously to uncover the truth about the administration ’s “ extraordinary rendition ” policies , but is making a version of the report available to the public in an attempt to expose the extraordinary cover - up that has been taking place for years regarding Binyam ’s renditions and the horrendous torture to which he was subjected , not only in Morocco , but also in the “ Dark Prison , ” a secret CIA - run prison near Kabul .
There is an urgency to this mission , as Binyam has just been put forward for trial by Military Commission (
In the report , Reprieve calls for a “ full and open Congressional investigation into the crimes that have been committed against Binyam Mohamed , ” and demands that the US administration “ turn over all evidence of Binyam ’s torture in Morocco , Afghanistan and Guantánamo to his lawyers , including photographs of his injuries , ” which are known to be in the possession of the authorities , “ interrogation logs and any other relevant material . ”
The organization , which recently filed a lawsuit (
The report not only revisits Binyam ’s torture testimony , but also provides detailed analysis of the rendition flights that transported him around the world , and ( in the full version ) the identities of the CIA operatives and private contractors who undertook these grisly missions .
In this it overlaps with the story of Khalid El - Masri , the innocent German who was seized by mistake in Macedonia ( because his name resembles that of a man who reportedly aided the 9/11 hijackers ) and rendered to the “ Dark Prison , ” until the CIA realized that it had made a mistake , when he was flown to Albania and abandoned .
This week , El - Masri and his lawyers in Germany announced that they were suing the German government “ to force it to issue extradition orders against 13 American intelligence agents involved ” in his rendition to torture (
The difference , of course , is that Khaled El - Masri is no longer a prisoner in the “ War on Terror ” -- although he continues to suffer enormously as a result of his horrific ordeal -- whereas Binyam has now been held for over six years , and faces a trial in a system that is so legally deficient that it was described by Lord Steyn , one of Britain ’s senior law lords ( now retired ) , as nothing less than a “ kangaroo court . ”
Andy is the author of The Guantánamo Files : The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America ’s Illegal Prison (
Yesterday , Reprieve ( http://www.reprieve.org.uk/ ) , the legal action charity that represents over 30 prisoners in Guantánamo , issued a detailed and devastating report , Human Cargo : Binyam Mohamed and the Rendition Frequent Flier Programme , which presents compelling evidence of the rendition and torture of one of its clients , the British resident Binyam Mohamed .
The report is available as a PDF here : Binyam ’s horrific story has been in the public domain since 2005 , when his lawyers first revealed his account of his 18 - month torture in Morocco at the hands of proxy torturers working on behalf of the US , but the US administration has never seen fit to investigate the allegations .
Reprieve is submitting a more detailed version of the report to Representative Bill Delahunt ( D - Mass . ) , who is campaigning assiduously to uncover the truth about the administration ’s “ extraordinary rendition ” policies , but is making a version of the report available to the public in an attempt to expose the extraordinary cover - up that has been taking place for years regarding Binyam ’s renditions and the horrendous torture to which he was subjected , not only in Morocco , but also in the “ Dark Prison , ” a secret CIA - run prison near Kabul .
There is an urgency to this mission , as Binyam has just been put forward for trial by Military Commission ( http://www.andyworthington.co.uk/2008/06/03/guantanamo-trials-critical-judge-sacked-british-torture-victim-charged/ ) , on long - discredited charges of plotting to detonate a “ dirty bomb ” in a US city , and there is a limited window of opportunity for Susan Crawford , the retired judge and associate of Vice president Dick Cheney , who is the Commissions ’ “ convening authority , ” to proceed with the charges , or , as Reprieve hopes , to be persuaded to drop them , to prevent the full horror story from emerging in a trial at Guantánamo to embarrass both the American and the British governments .
In the report , Reprieve calls for a “ full and open Congressional investigation into the crimes that have been committed against Binyam Mohamed , ” and demands that the US administration “ turn over all evidence of Binyam ’s torture in Morocco , Afghanistan and Guantánamo to his lawyers , including photographs of his injuries , ” which are known to be in the possession of the authorities , “ interrogation logs and any other relevant material . ”
The organization , which recently filed a lawsuit ( http://www.indymedia.org.uk/en/2008/05/398635.html ) seeking the release of relevant information that is held by the British government relating to its stated knowledge of Binyam ’s rendition from Pakistan to Morocco , and its provision of materials relating to Binyam ’s life in London that was used by his Moroccan torturers , also reiterates its call for British officials to provide “ all information in their files about their involvement in the rendition and torture of Binyam Mohamed , ” and also calls for a “ full and public enquiry into British collusion in this process .
” The report not only revisits Binyam ’s torture testimony , but also provides detailed analysis of the rendition flights that transported him around the world , and ( in the full version ) the identities of the CIA operatives and private contractors who undertook these grisly missions .
In this it overlaps with the story of Khalid El - Masri , the innocent German who was seized by mistake in Macedonia ( because his name resembles that of a man who reportedly aided the 9/11 hijackers ) and rendered to the “ Dark Prison , ” until the CIA realized that it had made a mistake , when he was flown to Albania and abandoned .
This week , El - Masri and his lawyers in Germany announced that they were suing the German government “ to force it to issue extradition orders against 13 American intelligence agents involved ” in his rendition to torture ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/0,1518,558496,00.html ) .
The difference , of course , is that Khaled El - Masri is no longer a prisoner in the “ War on Terror ” -- although he continues to suffer enormously as a result of his horrific ordeal -- whereas Binyam has now been held for over six years , and faces a trial in a system that is so legally deficient that it was described by Lord Steyn , one of Britain ’s senior law lords ( now retired ) , as nothing less than a “ kangaroo court .
” Andy is the author of The Guantánamo Files : The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America ’s Illegal Prison ( http://www.andyworthington.co.uk/the-guantanamo-files/ ) .
Andy Worthington
e-mail : andy@andyworthington.co.uk
Homepage : http://www.andyworthington.co.uk/
Information and relevant resources on psychic reading , online psychic reading and tarot readings .
Toyota develops new fuel cell hybrid
Hybrids , Toyota
on 06/07/2008
Source : Toyota
Filed under :on
06/07/2008 Source : Toyota Toyota has developed a new fuel cell hybrid vehicle that travels more than double the distance of its predecessor model , increasing the maximum cruising range from 205 miles to 515 miles .
Limited cruising ranges of previous fuel cell systems presented obstacles to widespread fuel cell vehicle use but the ‘ Toyota FCHV - adv’ ( fuel cell hybrid vehicle - advanced ) improves the cruising range with its newly designed high - performance Toyota FC Stack .
Fuel efficiency was improved by 25 per cent through improving fuel cell unit performance , enhancing the regenerative brake system and reducing energy consumed by the auxiliary system .
Further changes include incorporating degradation control for the electrode catalyst and improving fuel cell durability .
Furthermore , equipping the vehicle with Toyota - developed high - pressure hydrogen tanks makes it possible to travel approximately 515 miles * on a single fuelling — performance that more than doubles that of the Toyota FCHV - adv ’s predecessor , the Toyota FCHV .
The Toyota FCHV - adv also deals with the low - temperature start issues typically associated with fuel cell vehicles .
The building block of the Toyota FC Stack is the Membrane Electrode Assembly ( MEA ) , where engineers focused on the basic problem of internally produced water interfering with electrical generation within the MEA at low temperatures .
Research was carried out to understand the behaviour and amount of water generated in the fuel cell , allowing engineers to optimise the MEA design to improve low - temperature start - up .
As a result , the Toyota FCHV - adv can start and operate in cold regions at temperatures as low as – 30 degrees Celsius , meaning the vehicle can be used in a wider variety of conditions and climates .
While steadily conducting research and development to resolve issues such as how to improve the durability and reduce costs of the Toyota FC Stack , Toyota is working with government , energy companies and other concerned parties to actively bring about widespread fuel cell vehicle use .
The Toyota FCHV - adv acquired vehicle - type certification from Japan 's Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transport ( MLIT ) on June 3 .
Source : Toyota
Share with : Delicious reddit Facebook StumbleUpon
Prev : Automotoportal 's car joke of the year !
Next : 5 Ferraris for the Tifosi
Your Comments
Blog Archive Jun 05 ( 1 ) Jun 03 ( 1 ) May 29 ( 1 ) May 28 ( 1 ) May 21 ( 1 ) May 20 ( 1 ) May 15 ( 2 ) May 13 ( 1 ) May 12 ( 1 ) May 09 ( 1 ) May 08 ( 1 ) May 06 ( 1 ) May 02 ( 1 ) May 01 ( 1 ) Apr 29 ( 1 ) Apr 28 ( 1 ) Apr 22 ( 1 ) Apr 17 ( 2 ) Apr 15 ( 1 ) Apr 14 ( 1 ) Apr 11 ( 1 ) Apr 10 ( 1 ) Apr 09 ( 1 ) Apr 08 ( 1 ) Apr 07 ( 1 ) Apr 04 ( 1 ) Apr 03 ( 1 ) Apr 02 ( 1 ) Mar 27 ( 1 ) Mar 25 ( 1 ) Mar 24 ( 3 ) Mar 23 ( 1 ) Mar 21 ( 2 ) Mar 20 ( 3 ) Mar 19 ( 1 ) Mar 18 ( 1 ) Mar 17 ( 1 ) Mar 14 ( 2 ) Mar 12 ( 3 ) Mar 11 ( 2 ) Mar 08 ( 1 ) Mar 07 ( 2 ) Mar 06 ( 2 ) Mar 05 ( 4 ) Mar 04 ( 1 ) Mar 03 ( 2 ) Mar 02 ( 1 ) Mar 01 ( 1 ) Feb 28 ( 1 ) Feb 27 ( 2 ) Feb 26 ( 2 ) Feb 25 ( 4 ) Feb 24 ( 3 ) Feb 21 ( 3 ) Feb 20 ( 2 ) Feb 19 ( 2 ) Feb 17 ( 2 ) Feb 14 ( 3 ) Feb 13 ( 4 ) Feb 12 ( 3 ) Feb 11 ( 2 ) Feb 10 ( 2 ) Feb 07 ( 4 ) Feb 06 ( 4 ) Feb 05 ( 5 ) Feb 04 ( 5 ) Feb 03 ( 3 ) Feb 02 ( 1 ) Feb 01 ( 2 ) Jan 31 ( 1 ) Jan 30 ( 4 ) Jan 29 ( 3 ) Jan 28 ( 3 ) Jan 27 ( 4 ) Jan 24 ( 3 ) Jan 23 ( 2 ) Jan 21 ( 3 ) Jan 20 ( 2 ) Jan 17 ( 3 ) Jan 16 ( 4 ) Jan 15 ( 4 ) Jan 14 ( 3 ) Jan 13 ( 3 ) Jan 11 ( 1 ) Jan 10 ( 2 ) Jan 09 ( 4 ) Jan 08 ( 4 ) Jan 07 ( 3 ) Jan 06 ( 3 ) Jan 03 ( 1 ) Jan 02 ( 1 ) Dec 26 ( 1 ) Dec 20 ( 2 ) Dec 19 ( 2 ) Dec 18 ( 1 ) Dec 17 ( 1 ) Dec 16 ( 2 ) Dec 14 ( 1 ) Dec 13 ( 3 ) Dec 12 ( 2 ) Dec 11 ( 1 ) Dec 10 ( 3 ) Dec 09 ( 3 ) Dec 08 ( 1 ) Dec 07 ( 1 ) Dec 06 ( 2 ) Dec 05 ( 2 ) Dec 04 ( 1 ) Dec 03 ( 2 ) Dec 02 ( 3 ) Dec 01 ( 1 ) Nov 27 ( 2 ) Nov 26 ( 3 ) Nov 25 ( 2 ) Nov 22 ( 3 ) Nov 21 ( 2 ) Nov 19 ( 4 ) Nov 18 ( 2 ) Nov 15 ( 3 ) Nov 14 ( 4 ) Nov 13 ( 3 ) Nov 12 ( 3 ) Nov 11 ( 3 ) Nov 08 ( 2 ) Nov 06 ( 1 ) Nov 05 ( 3 ) Nov 04 ( 4 ) Nov 01 ( 3 ) Oct 31 ( 4 ) Oct 30 ( 3 ) Oct 29 ( 2 ) Oct 28 ( 5 ) Oct 22 ( 1 ) Oct 21 ( 2 ) Oct 18 ( 2 ) Oct 17 ( 1 ) Oct 14 ( 1 ) Oct 11 ( 2 ) Oct 09 ( 2 ) Oct 08 ( 2 ) Oct 07 ( 4 ) Oct 06 ( 2 ) Oct 05 ( 1 ) Oct 04 ( 1 ) Oct 03 ( 4 ) Oct 02 ( 3 ) Oct 01 ( 4 ) Sep 30 ( 2 ) Sep 27 ( 2 ) Sep 25 ( 3 ) Sep 24 ( 4 ) Sep 23 ( 4 ) Sep 20 ( 2 ) Sep 19 ( 5 ) Sep 18 ( 4 ) Sep 17 ( 4 ) Sep 16 ( 2 ) Sep 12 ( 2 ) Sep 11 ( 2 ) Sep 10 ( 3 ) Sep 09 ( 4 ) Sep 06 ( 2 ) Sep 05 ( 3 ) Sep 04 ( 2 ) Sep 03 ( 2 ) Aug 31 ( 1 ) Aug 30 ( 2 ) Aug 29 ( 3 ) Aug 28 ( 2 ) Aug 27 ( 3 ) Aug 26 ( 2 ) Aug 23 ( 2 ) Aug 22 ( 3 ) Aug 21 ( 3 ) Aug 20 ( 3 ) Aug 19 ( 2 ) Aug 16 ( 3 ) Aug 15 ( 2 ) Aug 14 ( 2 ) Aug 13 ( 4 ) Aug 12 (5 ) Aug 10 ( 1 ) Aug 09 ( 3 ) Aug 08 ( 4 ) Aug 07 ( 3 ) Aug 06 ( 4 ) Aug 05 ( 4 ) Aug 02 ( 2 ) Aug 01 ( 3 ) Jul 31 ( 5 ) Jul 30 ( 4 ) Jul 29 ( 4 ) Jul 26 ( 2 ) Jul 25 ( 2 ) Jul 24 ( 2 ) Jul 23 ( 1 ) Jul 22 ( 4 ) Jul 19 ( 3 ) Jul 18 ( 5 ) Jul 17 ( 5 ) Jul 16 ( 4 ) Jul 15 ( 3 ) Jul 14 ( 3 ) Jul 13 ( 1 ) Jul 12 ( 3 ) Jul 10 ( 4 ) Jul 09 ( 2 ) Jul 08 ( 2 ) Jul 06 ( 1 ) Jul 03 ( 4 ) Jul 02 ( 4 ) Jul 01 ( 3 ) Jun 28 ( 4 ) Jun 27 ( 5 ) Jun 26 ( 3 ) Jun 25 ( 2 ) Jun 24 ( 3 ) Jun 21 ( 1 ) Jun 20 ( 1 ) Jun 19 ( 5 ) Jun 18 ( 4 ) Jun 17 ( 5 ) Jun 16 ( 1 ) Jun 14 ( 4 ) Jun 13 ( 3 ) Jun 12 ( 4 ) Jun 11 ( 4 ) Jun 10 ( 5 ) Jun 08 ( 1 ) Jun 07 ( 5 ) Jun 06 ( 6 ) Jun 05 ( 5 ) Jun 04 ( 4 ) Jun 03 ( 5 ) Jun 01 ( 1 ) May 31 ( 6 ) May 30 ( 5 ) May 29 ( 3 ) May 28 ( 6 ) May 27 ( 3 ) May 24 ( 3 ) May 23 ( 4 ) May 22 ( 4 ) May 21 ( 5 ) May 20 ( 5 ) May 17 ( 3 ) May 16 ( 3 ) May 15 ( 4 ) May 14 ( 3 ) May 13 ( 4 ) May 11 ( 2 ) May 10 ( 5 ) May 09 ( 6 ) May 08 ( 3 ) May 07 ( 1 ) May 06 ( 4 ) May 03 ( 3 ) May 02 ( 4 ) May 01 ( 6 ) Apr 30 ( 1 ) Apr 29 ( 6 ) Apr 27 ( 2 ) Apr 26 ( 1 ) Apr 25 ( 5 ) Apr 24 ( 3 ) Apr 23 ( 4 ) Apr 22 ( 6 ) Apr 21 ( 3 ) Apr 20 ( 2 ) Apr 19 ( 5 ) Apr 18 ( 7 ) Apr 17 ( 7 ) Apr 16 ( 5 ) Apr 15 ( 5 ) Apr 14 ( 1 ) Apr 13 ( 2 ) Apr 12 ( 8 ) Apr 11 ( 7 ) Apr 10 ( 7 ) Apr 09 ( 5 ) Apr 08 ( 6 ) Apr 07 ( 1 ) Apr 06 ( 2 ) Apr 05 ( 6 ) Apr 04 ( 6 ) Apr 03 ( 4 ) Apr 02 ( 3 ) Apr 01 ( 6 ) Mar 30 ( 1 ) Mar 29 ( 4 ) Mar 28 ( 4 ) Mar 27 ( 4 ) Mar 26 ( 5 ) Mar 25 ( 6 ) Mar 22 ( 3 ) Mar 21 ( 8 ) Mar 20 ( 5 ) Mar 19 ( 7 ) Mar 18 ( 5 ) Mar 16 ( 3 ) Mar 15 ( 5 ) Mar 14 ( 7 ) Mar 13 ( 3 ) Mar 12 ( 4 ) Mar 11 ( 7 ) Mar 09 ( 1 ) Mar 08 ( 5 ) Mar 07 ( 5 ) Mar 06 ( 5 ) Mar 05 ( 3 ) Mar 04 ( 7 ) Mar 03 ( 1 ) Mar 02 ( 1 ) Mar 01 ( 6 ) Feb 28 ( 5 ) Feb 27 ( 5 ) Feb 26 ( 5 ) Feb 25 ( 6 ) Feb 24 ( 1 ) Feb 23 ( 1 ) Feb 22 ( 6 ) Feb 21 ( 3 ) Feb 20 ( 6 ) Feb 19 ( 6 ) Feb 18 ( 7 ) Feb 16 ( 2 ) Feb 15 ( 4 ) Feb 14 ( 5 ) Feb 13 ( 5 ) Feb 12 ( 5 ) Feb 11 ( 5 ) Feb 10 ( 3 ) Feb 09 ( 4 ) Feb 08 ( 6 ) Feb 07 ( 8 ) Feb 06 ( 5 ) Feb 05 ( 6 ) Feb 04 ( 7 ) Feb 03 ( 4 ) Feb 02 ( 1 ) Feb 01 ( 7 ) Jan 31 ( 4 ) Jan 30 ( 6 ) Jan 29 ( 4 ) Jan 28 ( 8 ) Jan 19 ( 1 ) Jan 18 ( 4 ) Jan 17 ( 7 ) Jan 16 ( 5 ) Jan 15 ( 6 ) Jan 14 ( 6 ) Jan 13 ( 3 ) Jan 12 ( 1 ) Jan 11 ( 4 ) Jan 10 ( 6 ) Jan 09 ( 5 ) Jan 08 ( 6 ) Jan 07 ( 5 ) Jan 06 ( 4 ) Jan 05 ( 3 ) Jan 04 ( 7 ) Jan 03 ( 7 ) Jan 02 ( 4 ) Jan 01 ( 2 ) Dec 31 ( 4 ) Dec 29 ( 1 ) Dec 28 ( 3 ) Dec 27 ( 7 ) Dec 26 ( 10 ) Dec 25 ( 1 ) Dec 24 ( 1 ) Dec 22 ( 1 ) Dec 18 ( 4 ) Dec 17 ( 7 ) Dec 15 ( 2 ) Dec 13 ( 3 ) Dec 11 ( 5 ) Dec 10 ( 5 ) Dec 03 ( 3 ) Dec 01 ( 2 ) Nov 30 ( 2 ) Nov 29 ( 6 ) Nov 28 ( 5 ) Nov 27 ( 3 ) Nov 26 ( 5 ) Nov 19 ( 3 ) Nov 18 ( 3 ) Nov 17 ( 2 ) Nov 16 ( 6 ) Nov 15 ( 3 ) Nov 14 ( 6 ) Nov 13 ( 4 ) Nov 12 ( 5 ) Nov 11 ( 3 ) Nov 10 ( 2 ) Nov 09 ( 5 ) Nov 08 ( 6 ) Nov 07 ( 8 ) Nov 06 ( 4 ) Nov 05 ( 5 ) Nov 04 ( 1 ) Nov 02 ( 1 ) Nov 01 ( 7 ) Oct 31 ( 4 ) Oct 30 ( 5 ) Oct 29 ( 7 ) Oct 28 ( 4 ) Oct 27 ( 3 ) Oct 26 ( 4 ) Oct 25 ( 7 ) Oct 24 ( 4 ) Oct 23 ( 4 ) Oct 22 ( 5 ) Oct 21 ( 3 ) Oct 20 ( 5 ) Oct 19 ( 3 ) Oct 18 ( 6 ) Oct 17 ( 4 ) Oct 16 ( 5 ) Oct 15 ( 5 ) Oct 14 ( 3 ) Oct 12 ( 4 ) Oct 11 ( 6 ) Oct 10 ( 4 ) Oct 09 ( 5 ) Oct 08 ( 7 ) Oct 02 ( 1 ) Oct 01 ( 5 ) Sep 30 ( 1 ) Sep 29 ( 2 ) Sep 28 ( 7 ) Sep 27 ( 5 ) Sep 26 ( 5 ) Sep 25 ( 1 ) Sep 24 ( 4 ) Sep 23 ( 5 ) Sep 22 ( 3 ) Sep 21 ( 4 ) Sep 20 ( 6 ) Sep 19 ( 4 ) Sep 18 ( 4 ) Sep 17 ( 5 ) Sep 16 ( 1 ) Sep 14 ( 7 ) Sep 13 ( 3 ) Sep 12 ( 3 ) Sep 11 ( 1 ) Sep 10 ( 2 ) Sep 07 ( 4 ) Sep 06 ( 4 ) Sep 05 ( 3 ) Sep 04 ( 8 ) Sep 02 ( 2 ) Sep 01 ( 1 ) Aug 31 ( 6 ) Aug 30 ( 5 ) Aug 29 ( 7 ) Aug 28 ( 7 ) Aug 27 ( 9 ) Aug 26 ( 5 ) Aug 25 ( 3 ) Aug 24 ( 6 ) Aug 23 ( 2 ) Aug 22 ( 2 ) Aug 21 ( 2 ) Aug 20 ( 2 ) Aug 17 ( 2 ) Aug 16 ( 2 ) Aug 15 ( 2 ) Aug 14 ( 2 ) Aug 13 ( 2 ) Aug 10 ( 2 ) Aug 08 ( 2 ) Aug 06 ( 2 ) Aug 02 ( 2 ) Aug 01 ( 2 ) Jul 31 ( 2 ) Jul 30 ( 2 ) Jul 27 ( 2 ) Jul 25 ( 2 ) Jul 24 ( 1 ) Jul 23 ( 2 ) Jul 18 ( 3 ) Jul 17 ( 2 ) Jul 16 ( 3 ) Jul 13 ( 3 ) Jul 12 ( 1 ) Jul 11 ( 2 ) Jul 10 ( 3 ) Jul 09 ( 3 ) Jun 27 ( 1 ) Jun 26 ( 2 ) Jun 25 ( 2 ) Jun 20 ( 1 ) Jun 19 ( 3 ) Jun 18 ( 3 ) Jun 14 ( 3 ) Jun 12 ( 3 ) Jun 11 ( 3 ) Jun 07 ( 1 ) Jun 06 ( 1 ) Jun 04 ( 1 ) May 29 ( 2 ) May 25 ( 2 ) May 24 ( 3 ) May 22 ( 2 ) May 21 ( 3 ) May 18 ( 1 ) May 17 ( 3 ) May 16 ( 3 ) May 15 ( 3 ) May 14 ( 2 ) May 13 ( 1 ) May 12 ( 1 ) May 11 ( 3 ) May 10 ( 3 ) May 09 ( 3 ) May 08 ( 2 ) May 07 ( 3 ) May 05 ( 1 ) May 04 ( 3 ) May 03 ( 3 ) May 02 ( 3 ) May 01 ( 3 ) Apr 30 ( 3 ) Apr 28 ( 1 ) Apr 27 ( 3 ) Apr 26 ( 3 ) Apr 25 ( 3 ) Apr 24 ( 3 ) Apr 23 ( 3 ) Apr 21 ( 1 ) Apr 20 ( 1 ) Apr 19 ( 3 ) Apr 18 ( 2 ) Apr 17 ( 3 ) Apr 16 ( 3 ) Apr 13 ( 1 ) Apr 12 ( 3 ) Apr 11 ( 3 ) Apr 10 ( 2 ) Apr 06 ( 1 ) Mar 27 ( 2 ) Mar 24 ( 1 ) Mar 23 ( 1 ) Mar 22 ( 3 ) Mar 21 ( 2 ) Mar 20 ( 3 ) Mar 19 ( 3 ) Mar 18 ( 1 ) Mar 17 ( 1 ) Mar 16 ( 2 ) Mar 15 ( 3 ) Mar 14 ( 2 ) Mar 13 ( 2 ) Mar 12 ( 3 ) Mar 11 ( 1 ) Mar 10 ( 1 ) Mar 09 ( 2 ) Mar 08 ( 3 ) Mar 07 ( 4 ) Mar 06 ( 4 ) Mar 05 ( 3 ) Mar 04 ( 1 ) Mar 03 ( 1 ) Mar 02 ( 1 ) Mar 01 ( 2 ) Feb 29 ( 3 ) Feb 28 ( 2 ) Feb 27 ( 3 ) Feb 26 ( 1 ) Feb 25 ( 1 ) Feb 24 ( 3 ) Feb 23 ( 2 ) Feb 21 ( 3 ) Feb 20 ( 2 ) Feb 19 ( 1 ) Feb 18 ( 1 ) Feb 17 ( 3 ) Feb 16 ( 2 ) Feb 15 ( 2 ) Feb 14 ( 2 ) Feb 12 ( 1 ) Feb 11 ( 1 ) Feb 10 ( 1 ) Feb 09 ( 2 ) Feb 08 ( 2 ) Feb 07 ( 3 ) Feb 06 ( 3 ) Feb 05 ( 1 ) Feb 04 ( 1 ) Feb 03 ( 3 ) Feb 02 ( 3 ) Feb 01 ( 4 ) Jan 31 ( 3 ) Jan 30 ( 3 ) Jan 29 ( 1 ) Jan 28 ( 1 ) Jan 27 ( 2 ) Jan 26 ( 3 ) Jan 25 ( 1 ) Jan 24 ( 3 ) Jan 23 ( 3 ) Jan 22 ( 1 ) Jan 21 ( 1 ) Jan 19 ( 3 ) Jan 18 ( 3 ) Jan 17 ( 2 ) Jan 16 ( 3 ) Jan 15 ( 1 ) Jan 14 ( 1 ) Jan 13 ( 3 ) Jan 12 ( 1 ) Jan 11 ( 3 ) Jan 10 ( 3 ) Jan 09 ( 3 ) Jan 08 ( 1 ) Jan 06 ( 1 ) Jan 05 ( 3 ) Jan 04 ( 3 ) Jan 03 ( 2 ) Dec 29 ( 1 ) Dec 28 ( 1 ) Dec 27 ( 1 ) Dec 23 ( 1 ) Dec 22 ( 1 ) Dec 21 ( 2 ) Dec 20 ( 2 ) Dec 19 ( 2 ) Dec 16 ( 2 ) Dec 15 ( 3 ) Dec 14 ( 3 ) Dec 13 ( 3 ) Dec 12 ( 3 ) Dec 11 ( 1 ) Dec 10 ( 1 ) Dec 09 ( 2 ) Dec 08 ( 3 ) Dec 07 ( 3 ) Dec 06 ( 3 ) Dec 05 ( 3 ) Dec 04 ( 1 ) Dec 03 ( 1 ) Dec 02 ( 3 ) Dec 01 ( 1 ) Nov 30 ( 3 ) Nov 29 ( 3 ) Nov 28 ( 3 ) Nov 22 ( 2 ) Nov 21 ( 3 ) Nov 18 ( 2 ) Nov 17 ( 3 ) Nov 16 ( 2 ) Nov 15 ( 3 ) Nov 14 ( 3 ) Nov 13 ( 1 ) Nov 12 ( 1 ) Nov 10 ( 3 ) Nov 09 ( 4 ) Nov 08 ( 3 ) Nov 07 ( 3 ) Nov 06 ( 1 ) Nov 05 ( 1 ) Nov 04 ( 3 ) Nov 03 ( 3 ) Nov 02 ( 3 ) Nov 01 ( 2 ) Oct 31 ( 1 ) Oct 30 ( 1 ) Oct 29 ( 1 ) Oct 28 ( 1 ) Oct 27 ( 3 ) Oct 26 ( 3 ) Oct 25 ( 3 ) Oct 24 ( 4 ) Oct 23 ( 2 ) Oct 22 ( 2 ) Oct 21 ( 3 ) Oct 20 ( 4 ) Oct 19 ( 4 ) Oct 17 ( 3 ) Oct 16 ( 2 ) Oct 15 ( 2 ) Oct 14 ( 3 ) Oct 13 ( 4 ) Oct 12 ( 4 ) Oct 11 ( 2 ) Oct 10 ( 4 ) Oct 09 ( 2 ) Oct 08 ( 2 ) Oct 07 ( 4 ) Oct 06 ( 4 ) Oct 05 ( 4 ) Oct 04 ( 4 ) Oct 03 ( 4 ) Oct 02 ( 2 ) Oct 01 ( 2 ) Sep 30 ( 3 ) Sep 29 ( 2 ) Sep 28 ( 3 ) Sep 27 ( 4 ) Sep 26 ( 2 ) Sep 25 ( 2 ) Sep 24 ( 2 ) Sep 23 ( 4 ) Sep 22 ( 4 ) Sep 21 ( 4 ) Sep 20 ( 4 ) Sep 19 ( 4 ) Sep 17 ( 2 ) Sep 16 ( 4 ) Sep 15 ( 4 ) Sep 14 ( 2 ) Sep 13 ( 4 ) Sep 12 ( 4 ) Sep 11 ( 2 ) Sep 10 ( 2 ) Sep 09 ( 4 ) Sep 08 ( 4 ) Sep 07 ( 4 ) Sep 06 ( 4 ) Sep 04 ( 2 ) Sep 03 ( 2 ) Sep 02 ( 4 ) Sep 01 ( 4 ) Aug 31 ( 3 ) Aug 30 ( 4 ) Aug 29 ( 4 ) Aug 28 ( 1 ) Aug 27 ( 2 ) Aug 26 ( 4 ) Aug 25 ( 3 ) Aug 24 ( 1 ) Aug 23 ( 3 ) Aug 22 ( 2 ) Aug 21 ( 1 ) Aug 20 ( 1 ) Aug 18 ( 3 ) Aug 17 ( 3 ) Aug 16 ( 3 ) Aug 15 ( 3 ) Aug 14 ( 1 ) Aug 13 ( 1 ) Aug 12 ( 2 ) Aug 10 ( 3 ) Aug 09 ( 3 ) Aug 08 ( 2 ) Aug 07 ( 1 ) Aug 06 ( 1 ) Aug 05 ( 3 ) Aug 04 ( 3 ) Aug 03 ( 3 ) Aug 02 ( 3 ) Aug 01 ( 2 ) Jul 31 ( 1 ) Jul 29 ( 3 ) Jul 28 ( 3 ) Jul 27 ( 3 ) Jul 26 ( 2 ) Jul 25 ( 3 ) Jul 24 ( 1 ) Jul 23 ( 1 ) Jul 21 ( 3 ) Jul 20 ( 3 ) Jul 19 ( 4 ) Jul 18 ( 3 ) Jul 17 ( 1 ) Jul 16 ( 1 ) Jul 15 ( 3 ) Jul 14 ( 3 ) Jul 13 ( 3 ) Jul 12 ( 3 ) Jul 11 ( 3 ) Jul 10 ( 1 ) Jul 09 ( 1 ) Jul 08 ( 1 ) Jul 07 ( 3 ) Jul 06 ( 3 ) Jul 05 ( 3 ) Jul 02 ( 1 ) Jun 30 ( 3 ) Jun 29 ( 3 ) Jun 28 ( 2 ) Jun 27 ( 2 ) Jun 18 ( 1 ) Jun 17 ( 2 ) Jun 15 ( 3 ) Jun 14 ( 3 ) Jun 13 ( 3 ) Jun 11 ( 1 ) Jun 09 ( 3 ) Jun 08 ( 1 ) Jun 07 ( 3 ) Jun 06 ( 3 ) Jun 05 ( 1 ) Jun 04 ( 1 ) Jun 03 ( 2 ) Jun 02 ( 3 ) Jun 01 ( 4 ) May 31 ( 4 ) May 30 ( 1 ) May 29 ( 2 ) May 28 ( 2 ) May 27 ( 4 ) May 26 ( 4 ) May 25 ( 4 ) May 24 ( 4 ) May 23 ( 3 ) May 21 ( 1 ) May 20 ( 3 ) May 19 ( 4 ) May 18 ( 4 ) May 17 ( 4 ) May 16 ( 3 ) May 15 ( 2 ) May 14 ( 2 ) May 13 ( 1 ) May 12 ( 1 ) May 11 ( 3 ) May 10 ( 4 ) May 09 ( 4 ) May 08 ( 2 ) May 07 ( 2 ) May 06 ( 4 ) May 05 ( 3 ) May 04 ( 4 ) May 03 ( 3 ) May 02 ( 3 ) May 01 ( 1 ) Apr 30 ( 1 ) Apr 29 ( 2 ) Apr 28 ( 3 ) Apr 27 ( 2 ) Apr 26 ( 3 ) Apr 25 ( 3 ) Apr 23 ( 1 ) Apr 22 ( 3 ) Apr 21 ( 3 ) Apr 20 ( 3 ) Apr 19 ( 3 ) Apr 18 ( 2 ) Apr 17 ( 1 ) Apr 16 ( 1 ) Apr 15 ( 3 ) Apr 14 ( 3 ) Apr 13 ( 3 ) Apr 12 ( 3 ) Apr 11 ( 3 ) Apr 10 ( 1 ) Apr 09 ( 1 ) Apr 08 ( 3 ) Apr 07 ( 3 ) Apr 06 ( 3 ) Apr 05 ( 2 ) Apr 04 ( 3 ) Apr 03 ( 1 ) Apr 02 ( 1 ) Apr 01 ( 3 ) Mar 31 ( 3 ) Mar 30 ( 3 ) Mar 29 ( 3 ) Mar 28 ( 3 ) Mar 27 ( 1 ) Mar 26 ( 1 ) Mar 25 ( 2 ) Mar 24 ( 3 ) Mar 23 ( 3 ) Mar 22 ( 3 ) Mar 21 ( 3 ) Mar 20 ( 1 ) Mar 19 ( 1 ) Mar 18 ( 2 ) Mar 17 ( 3 ) Mar 16 ( 2 ) Mar 15 ( 3 ) Mar 14 ( 3 ) Mar 13 ( 1 ) Mar 12 ( 1 ) Mar 11 ( 3 ) Mar 10 ( 3 ) Mar 09 ( 2 ) Mar 08 ( 3 ) Mar 07 ( 3 ) Mar 06 ( 1 ) Mar 05 ( 1 ) Mar 04 ( 3 ) Mar 03 ( 1 ) Mar 02 ( 3 ) Mar 01 ( 3 ) Feb 28 ( 3 ) Feb 27 ( 1 ) Feb 26 ( 1 ) Feb 25 ( 2 ) Feb 24 ( 3 ) Feb 23 ( 1 ) Feb 22 ( 3 ) Feb 21 ( 1 ) Feb 19 ( 1 ) Feb 18 ( 3 ) Feb 17 ( 3 ) Feb 16 ( 3 ) Feb 15 ( 1 ) Feb 14 ( 3 ) Feb 13 ( 1 ) Feb 12 ( 1 ) Feb 11 ( 3 ) Feb 10 ( 2 ) Feb 09 ( 3) Feb 08 ( 3 ) Feb 07 ( 2 ) Feb 06 ( 1 ) Feb 05 ( 1 ) Feb 04 ( 2 ) Feb 03 ( 2 ) Jan 31 ( 2 ) Jan 29 ( 1 ) Jan 28 ( 3 ) Jan 27 ( 3 ) Jan 26 ( 2 ) Jan 25 ( 3 ) Jan 24 ( 3 ) Jan 23 ( 1 ) Jan 22 ( 1 ) Jan 21 ( 3 ) Jan 20 ( 4 ) Jan 19 ( 3 ) Jan 18 ( 3 ) Jan 17 ( 2 ) Jan 16 ( 1 ) Jan 15 ( 1 ) Jan 14 ( 3 ) Jan 13 ( 3 ) Jan 12 ( 3 ) Jan 11 ( 3 ) Jan 10 ( 3 ) Jan 09 ( 2 ) Jan 08 ( 1 ) Jan 07 ( 3 ) Jan 06 ( 3 ) Jan 05 ( 3 ) Jan 04 ( 3 ) Jan 03 ( 3 ) Dec 31 ( 1 ) Dec 30 ( 1 ) Dec 29 ( 2 ) Dec 28 ( 2 ) Dec 27 ( 3 ) Dec 23 ( 3 ) Dec 22 ( 3 ) Dec 21 ( 2 ) Dec 20 ( 3 ) Dec 18 ( 1 ) Dec 17 ( 3 ) Dec 16 ( 3 ) Dec 15 ( 3 ) Dec 13 ( 3 ) Dec 12 ( 1 ) Dec 11 ( 1 ) Dec 10 ( 3 ) Dec 09 ( 2 ) Dec 08 ( 4 ) Dec 07 ( 4 ) Dec 06 ( 4 ) Dec 05 ( 1 ) Dec 04 ( 1 ) Dec 03 ( 3 ) Dec 02 ( 3 ) Dec 01 ( 3 ) Nov 30 ( 3 ) Nov 29 ( 3 ) Nov 22 ( 3 ) Nov 19 ( 3 ) Nov 18 ( 3 ) Nov 17 ( 3 ) Nov 16 ( 3 ) Nov 15 ( 3 ) Nov 14 ( 1 ) Nov 13 ( 1 ) Nov 12 ( 3 ) Nov 11 ( 3 ) Nov 10 ( 3 ) Nov 09 ( 3 ) Nov 08 ( 2 ) Nov 07 ( 1 ) Nov 06 ( 1 ) Nov 05 ( 2 ) Nov 04 ( 2 ) Nov 03 ( 3 ) Nov 02 ( 1 ) Nov 01 ( 5 ) Oct 30 ( 1 ) Oct 29 ( 3 ) Oct 28 ( 3 ) Oct 27 ( 2 ) Oct 26 ( 3 ) Oct 25 ( 3 ) Oct 24 ( 1 ) Oct 23 ( 1 ) Oct 22 ( 3 ) Oct 21 ( 3 ) Oct 20 ( 4 ) Oct 19 ( 3 ) Oct 18 ( 3 ) Oct 17 ( 1 ) Oct 16 ( 1 ) Oct 15 ( 3 ) Oct 14 ( 3 ) Oct 13 ( 4 ) Oct 12 ( 3 ) Oct 06 ( 4 ) Oct 05 ( 3 ) Oct 04 ( 1 ) Oct 03 ( 1 ) Oct 02 ( 1 ) Oct 01 ( 3 ) Sep 30 ( 3 ) Sep 29 ( 3 ) Sep 28 ( 1 ) Sep 27 ( 4 ) Sep 26 ( 2 ) Sep 25 ( 1 ) Sep 24 ( 3 ) Sep 23 ( 4 ) Sep 22 ( 3 ) Sep 21 ( 4 ) Sep 20 ( 3 ) Sep 19 ( 1 ) Sep 17 ( 3 ) Sep 16 ( 3 ) Sep 15 ( 5 ) Sep 14 ( 3 ) Sep 13 ( 4 ) Sep 12 ( 1 ) Sep 11 ( 1 ) Sep 10 ( 3 ) Sep 09 ( 4 ) Sep 08 ( 4 ) Sep 07 ( 4 ) Sep 03 ( 3 ) Sep 02 ( 3 ) Sep 01 ( 2 ) Aug 31 ( 3 ) Aug 30 ( 5 ) Aug 27 ( 2 ) Aug 26 ( 3 ) Aug 25 ( 4 ) Aug 24 ( 3 ) Aug 23 ( 2 ) Aug 21 ( 1 ) Aug 20 ( 3 ) Aug 19 ( 2 ) Aug 18 ( 4 ) Aug 17 ( 4 ) Aug 16 ( 3 ) Aug 15 ( 2 ) Aug 14 ( 2 ) Aug 13 ( 1 ) Aug 12 ( 2 ) Aug 11 ( 3 ) Aug 10 ( 2 ) Aug 09 ( 3 ) Aug 08 ( 1 ) Aug 06 ( 2 ) Aug 05 ( 2 ) Aug 04 ( 3 ) Aug 03 ( 3 ) Aug 02 ( 2 ) Aug 01 ( 1 ) Jul 31 ( 1 ) Jul 30 ( 3 ) Jul 29 ( 2 ) Jul 28 ( 2 ) Jul 27 ( 2 ) Jul 26 ( 2 ) Jul 24 ( 1 ) Jul 23 ( 2 ) Jul 22 ( 3 ) Jul 21 ( 4 ) Jul 20 ( 2 ) Jul 19 ( 3 ) Jul 16 ( 3 ) Jul 15 ( 4 ) Jul 14 ( 4 ) Jul 13 ( 3 ) Jul 12 ( 2 ) Jul 09 ( 2 ) Jul 08 ( 2 ) Jul 07 ( 2 ) Jul 06 ( 3 ) Jul 03 (1 ) Jul 02 ( 3 ) Jul 01 ( 1 ) Jun 30 ( 2 ) Jun 28 ( 3 ) Jun 25 ( 3 ) Jun 24 ( 2 ) Jun 23 ( 3 ) Jun 22 ( 3 ) Jun 21 ( 2 ) Jun 18 ( 3 ) Jun 17 ( 3 ) Jun 16 ( 3 ) Jun 15 ( 1 ) Jun 14 ( 2 ) Jun 13 ( 1 ) Jun 11 ( 2 ) Jun 10 ( 2 ) Jun 09 ( 3 ) Jun 08 ( 2 ) Jun 07 ( 1 ) Jun 06 ( 1 ) Jun 04 ( 1 ) Jun 03 ( 2 ) Jun 02 ( 3 ) Jun 01 ( 2 ) May 30 ( 1 ) May 28 ( 2 ) May 27 ( 2 ) May 26 ( 2 ) May 25 ( 2 ) May 24 ( 1 ) May 21 ( 2 ) May 20 ( 2 ) May 19 ( 2 ) May 18 ( 2 ) May 17 ( 2 ) May 14 ( 2 ) May 13 ( 2 ) May 12 ( 2 ) May 11 ( 2 ) May 10 ( 1 ) May 07 ( 2 ) May 06 ( 2 ) May 05 ( 1 ) May 04 ( 2 ) May 03 ( 1 ) Apr 30 ( 2 ) Apr 29 ( 3 ) Apr 28 ( 2 ) Apr 27 ( 2 ) Apr 26 ( 2 ) Apr 23 ( 2 ) Apr 22 ( 2 ) Apr 21 ( 2 ) Apr 20 ( 2 ) Apr 19 ( 1 ) Apr 18 ( 1 ) Apr 17 ( 1 ) Apr 16 ( 2 ) Apr 15 ( 2 ) Apr 14 ( 2 ) Apr 13 ( 2 ) Apr 12 ( 2 ) Apr 10 ( 1 ) Apr 09 ( 2 ) Apr 08 ( 2 ) Apr 07 ( 2 ) Apr 06 ( 2 ) Apr 05 ( 3 ) Apr 02 ( 2 ) Apr 01 ( 2 ) Mar 31 ( 3 ) Mar 30 ( 2 ) Mar 29 ( 3 ) Mar 27 ( 1 ) Mar 26 ( 3 ) Mar 25 ( 1 ) Mar 24 ( 4 ) Mar 22 ( 4 ) Mar 21 ( 2 ) Mar 19 ( 3 ) Mar 18 ( 1 ) Mar 17 ( 3 ) Mar 16 ( 2 ) Mar 15 ( 2 ) Mar 12 ( 2 ) Mar 11 ( 2 ) Mar 10 ( 2 ) Mar 09 ( 3 ) Mar 08 ( 3 ) Mar 05 ( 3 ) Mar 04 ( 2 ) Mar 03 ( 2 ) Mar 02 ( 2 ) Feb 26 ( 1 ) Feb 23 ( 2 ) Feb 22 ( 2 ) Feb 21 ( 1 ) Feb 19 ( 2 ) Feb 18 ( 3 ) Feb 17 ( 2 ) Feb 16 ( 2 ) Feb 15 ( 3 ) Feb 12 ( 3 ) Feb 11 ( 2 ) Feb 10 ( 2 ) Feb 09 ( 2 ) Feb 08 ( 2 ) Feb 05 ( 3 ) Feb 04 ( 2 ) Feb 03 ( 3 ) Feb 02 ( 2 ) Feb 01 ( 2 ) Jan 29 ( 2 ) Jan 28 ( 3 ) Jan 27 ( 2 ) Jan 26 ( 1 ) Jan 25 ( 1 ) Jan 24 ( 1 ) Jan 23 ( 1 ) Jan 22 ( 2 ) Jan 21 ( 3 ) Jan 20 ( 2 ) Jan 19 ( 5 ) Jan 18 ( 3 ) Jan 15 ( 2 ) Jan 14 ( 4 ) Jan 13 ( 2 ) Jan 12 ( 1 ) Jan 11 ( 3 ) Jan 10 ( 1 ) Jan 09 ( 1 ) Jan 08 ( 3 ) Jan 07 ( 3 ) Jan 06 ( 4 ) Jan 05 ( 3 ) Jan 04 ( 1 ) Jan 03 ( 1 ) Dec 31 ( 3 ) Dec 30 ( 4 ) Dec 29 ( 2 ) Dec 28 ( 2 ) Dec 24 ( 1 ) Dec 22 ( 3 ) Dec 21 ( 2 ) Dec 18 ( 1 ) Dec 17 ( 3 ) Dec 16 ( 2 ) Dec 15 ( 3 ) Dec 14 ( 3 ) Dec 13 ( 1 ) Dec 11 ( 3 ) Dec 10 ( 2 ) Dec 09 ( 1 ) Dec 08 ( 2 ) Dec 07 ( 3 ) Dec 04 ( 3 ) Dec 03 ( 3 ) Dec 02 ( 3 ) Dec 01 ( 3 ) Nov 30 ( 3 ) Nov 25 ( 1 ) Nov 21 ( 1 ) Nov 20 ( 2 ) Nov 19 ( 3 ) Nov 18 ( 4 ) Nov 17 ( 3 ) Nov 16 ( 3 ) Nov 15 ( 1 ) Nov 13 ( 3 ) Nov 12 ( 3 ) Nov 11 ( 2 ) Nov 10 ( 3 ) Nov 09 ( 3 ) Nov 07 ( 2 ) Nov 06 ( 4 ) Nov 05 ( 3 ) Nov 04 ( 3 ) Nov 03 ( 2 ) Nov 02 ( 3 ) Oct 30 ( 3 ) Oct 29 ( 3 ) Oct 28 ( 3 ) Oct 27 ( 4 ) Oct 26 ( 3 ) Oct 23 ( 3 ) Oct 22 ( 3 ) Oct 20 ( 3 ) Oct 19 ( 2 ) Oct 18 ( 1 ) Oct 16 ( 3 ) Oct 15 ( 2 ) Oct 14 ( 4 ) Oct 13 ( 2 ) Oct 12 ( 3 ) Oct 10 ( 2 ) Oct 09 ( 3 ) Oct 08 ( 2 ) Oct 07 ( 4 ) Oct 06 ( 4 ) Oct 05 ( 3 ) Oct 04 ( 1 ) Oct 03 ( 3 ) Oct 02 ( 2 ) Oct 01 ( 3 ) Sep 30 ( 3 ) Sep 29 ( 4 ) Sep 28 ( 3 ) Sep 26 ( 1 ) Sep 25 ( 3 ) Sep 24 ( 2 ) Sep 23 ( 2 ) Sep 22 ( 3 ) Sep 21 ( 2 ) Sep 18 ( 3 ) Sep 17 ( 3 ) Sep 16 ( 2 ) Sep 15 ( 2 ) Sep 14 ( 1 ) Sep 13 ( 1 ) Sep 12 ( 1 ) Sep 11 ( 3 ) Sep 10 ( 3 ) Sep 09 ( 3 ) Sep 08 ( 3 ) Sep 07 ( 1 ) Sep 05 ( 1 ) Sep 04 ( 4 ) Sep 03 ( 3 ) Sep 02 ( 3 ) Sep 01 ( 3 ) Aug 31 ( 3 ) Aug 30 ( 1 ) Aug 28 ( 4 ) Aug 27 ( 2 ) Aug 26 ( 5 ) Aug 25 ( 3 ) Aug 24 ( 4 ) Aug 23 ( 1 ) Aug 21 ( 5 ) Aug 20 ( 6 ) Aug 19 ( 6 ) Aug 18 ( 4 ) Aug 17 ( 5 ) Aug 16 ( 2 ) Aug 15 ( 3 ) Aug 14 ( 4 ) Aug 13 ( 5 ) Aug 12 ( 6 ) Aug 11 ( 6 ) Aug 10 ( 3 ) Aug 09 ( 4 ) Aug 08 ( 3 ) Aug 07 ( 5 ) Aug 06 ( 4 ) Aug 05 ( 5 ) Aug 04 ( 5 ) Aug 03 ( 3 ) Aug 02 ( 2 ) Aug 01 ( 2 ) Jul 31 ( 4 ) Jul 30 ( 3 ) Jul 29 ( 3 ) Jul 28 ( 2 ) Jul 27 ( 3 ) Jul 26 ( 1 ) Jul 24 ( 2 ) Jul 23 ( 3 ) Jul 22 ( 2 ) Jul 21 ( 2 ) Jul 20 ( 2 ) Jul 17 ( 2 ) Jul 16 ( 2 ) Jul 15 ( 3 ) Jul 14 ( 2 ) Jul 13 ( 3 ) Jul 11 ( 2 ) Jul 10 ( 2 ) Jul 09 ( 2 ) Jul 08 ( 3 ) Jul 07 ( 2 ) Jul 06 ( 3 ) Jul 05 ( 1 ) Jul 03 ( 3 ) Jul 02 ( 3 ) Jul 01 ( 2 ) Jun 30 ( 3 ) Jun 29 ( 3 ) Jun 28 ( 1 ) Jun 27 ( 1 ) Jun 26 ( 3 ) Jun 25 ( 3 ) Jun 24 ( 3 ) Jun 23 ( 3 ) Jun 22 ( 3 ) Jun 21 ( 1 ) Jun 19 ( 3 ) Jun 18 ( 4 ) Jun 17 ( 2 ) Jun 16 ( 3 ) Jun 15 ( 3 ) Jun 14 ( 1 ) Jun 12 ( 2 ) Jun 11 ( 3 ) Jun 10 ( 2 ) Jun 09 ( 4 ) Jun 08 ( 3 ) Jun 07 ( 1 ) Jun 06 ( 1 ) Jun 05 ( 2 ) Jun 04 ( 2 ) Jun 03 ( 3 ) Jun 02 ( 3 ) Jun 01 ( 3 ) May 29 ( 3 ) May 28 ( 3 ) May 27 ( 3 ) May 26 ( 3 ) May 23 ( 1 ) May 22 ( 2 ) May 21 ( 4 ) May 20 ( 3 ) May 19 ( 3 ) May 18 ( 3 ) May 17 ( 1 ) May 16 ( 2 ) May 15 ( 3 ) May 14 ( 2 ) May 13 ( 3 ) May 12 ( 3 ) May 11 ( 3 ) May 08 ( 1 ) May 07 ( 2 ) May 06 ( 3 ) May 05 ( 3 ) May 04 ( 3 ) May 03 ( 2 ) May 02 ( 1 ) May 01 ( 3 ) Apr 30 ( 3 ) Apr 29 ( 3 ) Apr 28 ( 5 ) Apr 27 ( 3 ) Apr 26 ( 2 ) Apr 25 ( 1 ) Apr 24 ( 3 ) Apr 23 ( 3 ) Apr 22 ( 3 ) Apr 21 ( 3 ) Apr 20 ( 2 ) Apr 19 ( 2 ) Apr 18 ( 1 ) Apr 17 ( 3 ) Apr 16 ( 4 ) Apr 15 ( 5 ) Apr 14 ( 4 ) Apr 13 ( 2 ) Apr 11 ( 1 ) Apr 10 ( 3 ) Apr 09 ( 3 ) Apr 08 ( 3 ) Apr 07 ( 3 ) Apr 06 ( 3 ) Apr 05 ( 2 ) Apr 04 ( 1 ) Apr 03 ( 3 ) Apr 02 ( 3 ) Apr 01 ( 3 ) Mar 31 ( 3 ) Mar 30 ( 2 ) Mar 29 ( 1 ) Mar 28 ( 1 ) Mar 27 ( 4 ) Mar 26 ( 4 ) Mar 25 ( 3 ) Mar 19 ( 1 ) Mar 18 ( 4 ) Mar 17 ( 4 ) Mar 16 ( 5 ) Mar 15 ( 4 ) Mar 14 ( 1 ) Mar 13 ( 6 ) Mar 12 ( 4 ) Mar 11 ( 4 ) Mar 10 ( 4 ) Mar 09 ( 3 ) Mar 08 ( 3 ) Mar 07 ( 1 ) Mar 06 ( 4 ) Mar 05 ( 3 ) Mar 04 ( 3 ) Mar 03 ( 5 ) Mar 02 ( 4 ) Mar 01 ( 1 ) Feb 28 ( 3 ) Feb 27 ( 5 ) Feb 26 ( 6 ) Feb 25 ( 4 ) Feb 24 ( 4 ) Feb 23 ( 3 ) Feb 22 ( 2 ) Feb 18 ( 3 ) Feb 17 ( 3 ) Feb 15 ( 3 ) Feb 14 ( 5 ) Feb 13 ( 3 ) Feb 12 ( 3 ) Feb 11 ( 4 ) Feb 10 ( 4 ) Feb 09 ( 5 ) Feb 08 ( 2 ) Feb 07 ( 5 ) Feb 06 ( 4 ) Feb 05 ( 5 ) Feb 04 ( 4 ) Feb 03 ( 6 ) Feb 02 ( 4 ) Feb 01 ( 2 ) Jan 31 ( 3 ) Jan 30 ( 2 ) Jan 29 ( 3 ) Jan 28 ( 4 ) Jan 27 ( 4 ) Jan 26 ( 4 ) Jan 25 ( 2 ) Jan 24 ( 3 ) Jan 23 ( 6 ) Jan 22 ( 6 ) Jan 21 ( 4 ) Jan 20 ( 3 ) Jan 19 ( 4 ) Jan 18 ( 2 ) Jan 17 ( 1 ) Jan 16 ( 4 ) Jan 15 ( 3 ) Jan 14 ( 3 ) Jan 13 ( 3 ) Jan 12 ( 3 ) Jan 09 ( 2 ) Jan 08 ( 2 ) Jan 07 ( 1 ) Jan 06 ( 3 ) Jan 05 ( 3 ) Jan 04 ( 1 ) Jan 03 ( 2 ) Jan 02 ( 2 ) Jan 01 ( 3 ) Dec 31 ( 2 ) Dec 30 ( 4 ) Dec 29 ( 3 ) Dec 28 ( 1 ) Dec 24 ( 2 ) Dec 23 ( 1 ) Dec 22 ( 1 ) Dec 21 ( 1 ) Dec 20 ( 1 ) Dec 19 ( 2 ) Dec 18 ( 4 ) Dec 17 ( 3 ) Dec 16 ( 4 ) Dec 15 ( 3 ) Dec 14 ( 4 ) Dec 13 ( 2 ) Dec 12 ( 5 ) Dec 11 ( 6 ) Dec 10 ( 5 ) Dec 09 ( 4 ) Dec 08 ( 4 ) Dec 07 ( 2 ) Dec 06 ( 4 ) Dec 05 ( 3 ) Dec 04 ( 3 ) Dec 03 ( 2 ) Dec 02 ( 3 ) Dec 01 ( 3 ) Nov 28 ( 1 ) Nov 27 ( 1 ) Nov 26 ( 1 ) Nov 25 ( 2 ) Nov 24 ( 2 ) Nov 22 ( 2 ) Nov 21 ( 3 ) Nov 20 ( 3 ) Nov 19 ( 4 ) Nov 18 ( 5 ) Nov 17 ( 3 ) Nov 16 ( 1 ) Nov 15 ( 2 ) Nov 14 ( 4 ) Nov 13 ( 3 ) Nov 12 ( 3 ) Nov 11 ( 3 ) Nov 10 ( 4 ) Nov 09 ( 3 ) Nov 08 ( 2 ) Nov 07 ( 4 ) Nov 06 ( 4 ) Nov 05 ( 4 ) Nov 04 ( 7 ) Nov 03 ( 4 ) Nov 02 ( 1 ) Nov 01 ( 1 ) Oct 31 ( 2 ) Oct 30 ( 2 ) Oct 29 ( 2 ) Oct 28 ( 2 ) Oct 27 ( 2 ) Oct 25 ( 3 ) Oct 24 ( 2 ) Oct 23 ( 3 ) Oct 22 ( 2 ) Oct 21 ( 2 ) Oct 20 ( 2 ) Oct 19 ( 2 ) Oct 18 ( 1 ) Oct 17 ( 2 ) Oct 16 ( 3 ) Oct 15 ( 3 ) Oct 14 ( 3 ) Oct 13 ( 3 ) Oct 12 ( 1 ) Oct 11 ( 1 ) Oct 10 ( 4 ) Oct 09 ( 3 ) Oct 08 ( 3 ) Oct 07 ( 4 ) Oct 06 ( 3 ) Oct 05 ( 1 ) Oct 04 ( 4 ) Oct 03 ( 3 ) Oct 02 ( 4 ) Oct 01 ( 5 ) Sep 30 ( 2 ) Sep 29 ( 2 ) Sep 28 ( 3 ) Sep 27 ( 2 ) Sep 26 ( 6 ) Sep 25 ( 4 ) Sep 24 ( 3 ) Sep 23 ( 5 ) Sep 22 ( 2 ) Sep 21 ( 1 ) Sep 19 ( 2 ) Sep 18 ( 4 ) Sep 17 ( 3 ) Sep 16 ( 2 ) Sep 15 ( 6 ) Sep 14 ( 4 ) Sep 12 ( 3 ) Sep 11 ( 3 ) Sep 10 ( 3 ) Sep 09 ( 5 ) Sep 08 ( 3 ) Sep 07 ( 1 ) Sep 06 ( 2 ) Sep 05 ( 4 ) Sep 04 ( 4 ) Sep 03 ( 4 ) Sep 02 ( 4 ) Sep 01 ( 4 ) Aug 31 ( 5 ) Aug 30 ( 3 ) Aug 29 ( 4 ) Aug 28 ( 5 ) Aug 27 ( 4 ) Aug 26 ( 3 ) Aug 25 ( 2 ) Aug 23 ( 3 ) Aug 22 ( 4 ) Aug 21 ( 3 ) Aug 20 ( 4 ) Aug 19 ( 4 ) Aug 18 ( 4 ) Aug 17 ( 2 ) Aug 16 ( 1 ) Aug 15 ( 3 ) Aug 14 ( 4 ) Aug 13 ( 6 ) Aug 12 ( 4 ) Aug 11 ( 3 ) Aug 10 ( 1 ) Aug 09 ( 2 ) Aug 08 ( 4 ) Aug 07 ( 4 ) Aug 06 ( 3 ) Aug 05 ( 3 ) Aug 04 ( 3 ) Aug 03 ( 2 ) Aug 02 ( 3 ) Aug 01 ( 1 ) Jul 31 ( 3 ) Jul 30 ( 6 ) Jul 29 ( 6 ) Jul 28 ( 3 ) Jul 27 ( 1 ) Jul 26 ( 2 ) Jul 25 ( 4 ) Jul 24 ( 4 ) Jul 23 ( 4 ) Jul 22 ( 4 ) Jul 21 ( 6 ) Jul 20 ( 2 ) Jul 19 ( 6 ) Jul 18 ( 5 ) Jul 17 ( 5 ) Jul 16 ( 6 ) Jul 15 ( 5 ) Jul 14 ( 6 ) Jul 13 ( 4 ) Jul 12 ( 7 ) Jul 11 ( 5 ) Jul 10 ( 8 ) Jul 09 ( 6 ) Jul 08 ( 7 ) Jul 07 ( 4 ) Jul 06 ( 1 ) Jul 05 ( 5 ) Jul 04 ( 4 ) Jul 03 ( 7 ) Jul 02 ( 8 ) Jul 01 ( 8 ) Jun 30 ( 5 ) Jun 29 ( 7 ) Jun 28 ( 2 ) Jun 27 ( 4 ) Jun 26 ( 3 ) Jun 25 ( 2 ) Jun 24 ( 6 ) Jun 23 ( 7 ) Jun 22 ( 3 ) Jun 21 ( 1 ) Jun 20 ( 6 ) Jun 19 ( 3 ) Jun 18 ( 1 ) Jun 17 ( 4 ) Jun 16 ( 3 ) Jun 15 ( 1 ) Jun 14 ( 2 ) Jun 13 ( 5 ) Jun 12 ( 4 ) Jun 11 ( 7 ) Jun 10 ( 9 ) Jun 09 ( 6 ) Jun 08 ( 6 ) Jun 07 ( 5 ) Jun 06 ( 10 ) Jun 05 ( 8 ) Jun 04 ( 10 ) Jun 03 ( 12 ) Jun 02 ( 8 ) Jun 01 ( 8 ) May 31 ( 7 ) May 30 ( 9 ) May 29 ( 7 ) May 28 ( 8 ) May 27 ( 11 ) May 26 ( 8 ) May 25 ( 5 ) May 24 ( 4 ) May 23 ( 15 ) May 22 ( 17 ) May 21 ( 13 ) May 20 ( 13 ) May 19 ( 8 ) May 16 ( 2 ) May 15 ( 2 ) May 14 ( 2 ) May 13 ( 2 ) May 12 ( 1 ) May 09 ( 2 ) May 08 ( 2 ) May 07 ( 2 ) May 06 ( 2 ) May 05 ( 2 ) May 02 ( 1 ) May 01 ( 2 ) Apr 30 ( 2 ) Apr 29 ( 2 ) Apr 28 ( 2 ) Apr 25 ( 2 ) Apr 24 ( 2 ) Apr 23 ( 2 ) Apr 22 ( 2 ) Apr 21 ( 2 ) Apr 18 ( 2 ) Apr 17 ( 2 ) Apr 16 ( 2 ) Apr 15 ( 2 ) Apr 14 ( 2 ) Apr 11 ( 2 ) Apr 10 ( 2 ) Apr 09 ( 2 ) Apr 08 ( 2 ) Apr 07 ( 2 ) Apr 04 ( 2 ) Apr 03 ( 2 ) Apr 02 ( 2 ) Apr 01 ( 2 ) Mar 31 ( 2 ) Mar 28 ( 2 ) Mar 27 ( 2 ) Mar 26 ( 2 ) Mar 25 ( 2 ) Mar 24 ( 2 ) Mar 21 ( 2 ) Mar 14 ( 2 ) Mar 13 ( 2 ) Mar 12 ( 2 ) Mar 11 ( 2 ) Mar 10 ( 2 ) Mar 07 ( 2 ) Mar 06 ( 3 ) Mar 05 ( 2 ) Mar 04 ( 2 ) Mar 03 ( 2 ) Feb 29 ( 2 ) Feb 28 ( 1 ) Feb 27 ( 2 ) Feb 26 ( 2 ) Feb 25 ( 2 ) Feb 22 ( 2 ) Feb 21 ( 2 ) Feb 20 ( 2 ) Feb 19 ( 2 ) Feb 18 ( 2 ) Feb 15 ( 2 ) Feb 14 ( 2 ) Feb 13 ( 2 ) Feb 12 ( 2 ) Feb 11 ( 2 ) Feb 07 ( 2 ) Feb 06 ( 2 ) Feb 05 ( 2 ) Feb 04 ( 2 ) Feb 01 ( 2 ) Jan 31 ( 2 ) Jan 30 ( 1 ) Jan 29 ( 2 ) Jan 28 ( 2 ) Jan 25 ( 2 ) Jan 24 ( 2 ) Jan 23 ( 2 ) Jan 22 ( 2 ) Jan 21 ( 2 ) Jan 18 ( 2 ) Jan 17 ( 2 ) Jan 16 ( 2 ) Jan 15 ( 2 ) Jan 14 ( 2 ) Jan 11 ( 2 ) Jan 10 ( 2 ) Jan 09 ( 2 ) Jan 08 ( 2 ) Jan 07 ( 2 ) Jan 04 ( 2 ) Jan 03 ( 2 ) Jan 02 ( 2 ) Jan 01 ( 1 ) Dec 31 ( 2 ) Dec 28 ( 2 ) Dec 27 ( 2 ) Dec 26 ( 2 ) Dec 21 ( 2 ) Dec 20 ( 2 ) Dec 19 ( 1 ) Dec 18 ( 1 ) Dec 17 ( 2 ) Dec 14 ( 2 ) Dec 13 ( 2 ) Dec 12 ( 2 ) Dec 11 ( 2 ) Dec 10 ( 2 ) Dec 07 ( 2 ) Dec 06 ( 2 ) Dec 05 ( 2 ) Dec 04 ( 2 ) Dec 03 ( 2 ) Nov 30 ( 2 ) Nov 29 ( 2 ) Nov 28 ( 2 ) Nov 27 ( 2 ) Nov 26 ( 2 ) Nov 19 ( 1 ) Nov 16 ( 2 ) Nov 15 ( 2 ) Nov 14 ( 2 ) Nov 13 ( 2 ) Nov 12 ( 2 ) Nov 09 ( 2 ) Nov 08 ( 2 ) Nov 07 ( 2 ) Nov 06 ( 2 ) Nov 05 ( 2 ) Nov 02 ( 2 ) Nov 01 ( 2 ) Oct 31 ( 2 ) Oct 30 ( 2 ) Oct 29 ( 2 ) Oct 26 ( 2 ) Oct 25 ( 2 ) Oct 24 ( 2 ) Oct 23 ( 2 ) Oct 22 ( 2 ) Oct 19 ( 2 ) Oct 18 ( 2 ) Oct 17 ( 2 ) Oct 16 ( 2 ) Oct 15 ( 2 ) Oct 12 ( 2 ) Oct 11 ( 2 ) Oct 10 ( 2 ) Oct 09 ( 2 ) Oct 08 ( 2 ) Oct 05 ( 2 ) Oct 04 ( 2 ) Oct 03 ( 2 ) Oct 02 ( 2 ) Oct 01 ( 2 ) Sep 28 ( 2 ) Sep 27 ( 2 ) Sep 26 ( 2 ) Sep 25 ( 2 ) Sep 24 ( 2 ) Sep 21 ( 2 ) Sep 20 ( 2 ) Sep 19 ( 2 ) Sep 18 ( 2 ) Sep 17 ( 2 ) Sep 14 ( 2 ) Sep 13 ( 2 ) Sep 12 ( 2 ) Sep 11 ( 2 ) Sep 10 ( 2 ) Sep 07 ( 2 ) Sep 06 ( 2 ) Sep 05 ( 2 ) Sep 04 ( 2 ) Aug 31 ( 2 ) Aug 30 ( 2 ) Aug 29 ( 2 ) Aug 28 ( 3 ) Aug 27 ( 4 ) Aug 26 ( 1 ) Aug 24 ( 3 ) Aug 23 ( 3 ) Aug 22 ( 2 ) Aug 21 ( 2 ) Aug 20 ( 2 ) Aug 19 ( 1 ) Aug 17 ( 3 ) Aug 16 ( 3 ) Aug 15 ( 3 ) Aug 14 ( 3 ) Aug 13 ( 4 ) Aug 12 ( 1 ) Aug 10 ( 3 ) Aug 09 ( 3 ) Aug 08 ( 2 ) Aug 07 ( 3 ) Aug 06 ( 2 ) Aug 03 ( 2 ) Aug 02 ( 2 ) Aug 01 ( 1 ) Jul 31 ( 1 ) Jul 30 ( 2 ) Jul 27 ( 2 ) Jul 26 ( 3 ) Jul 25 ( 3 ) Jul 24 ( 3 ) Jul 23 ( 2 ) Jul 20 ( 2 ) Jul 19 ( 2 ) Jul 18 ( 3 ) Jul 17 ( 2 ) Jul 16 ( 2 ) Jul 13 ( 2 ) Jul 12 ( 2 ) Jul 11 ( 2 ) Jul 10 ( 2 ) Jul 09 ( 3 ) Jul 06 ( 2 ) Jul 05 ( 2 ) Jul 03 ( 1 ) Jul 02 ( 3 ) Jun 29 ( 2 ) Jun 28 ( 3 ) Jun 27 ( 2 ) Jun 26 ( 1 ) Jun 25 ( 2 ) Jun 22 ( 3 ) Jun 21 ( 2 ) Jun 20 ( 2 ) Jun 19 ( 2 ) Jun 18 ( 2 ) Jun 15 ( 2 ) Jun 14 ( 2 ) Jun 13 ( 3 ) Jun 12 ( 2 ) Jun 11 ( 2 ) Jun 07 ( 2 ) Jun 06 ( 3 ) Jun 05 ( 3 ) Jun 04 ( 2 ) Jun 01 ( 2 ) May 31 ( 2 ) May 30 ( 3 ) May 29 ( 3 ) May 28 ( 1 ) May 25 ( 2 ) May 24 ( 2 ) May 23 ( 2 ) May 22 ( 3 ) May 21 ( 2 ) May 18 ( 3 ) May 17 ( 2 ) May 16 ( 4 ) May 15 ( 3 ) May 14 ( 2 ) May 11 ( 2 ) May 10 ( 4 ) May 09 ( 3 ) May 08 ( 2 ) May 07 ( 2 ) May 05 ( 2 ) May 03 ( 1 ) May 02 ( 2 ) May 01 ( 1 ) Apr 30 ( 2 ) Apr 27 ( 3 ) Apr 26 ( 3 ) Apr 25 ( 3 ) Apr 24 ( 3 ) Apr 23 ( 3 ) Apr 21 ( 2 ) Apr 20 ( 2 ) Apr 19 ( 3 ) Apr 18 ( 3 ) Apr 17 ( 3 ) Apr 16 ( 2 ) Apr 14 ( 2 ) Apr 13 ( 2 ) Apr 12 ( 3 ) Apr 11 ( 2 ) Apr 10 ( 4 ) Apr 09 ( 3 ) Apr 07 ( 2 ) Apr 06 ( 5 ) Apr 05 ( 2 ) Apr 04 ( 4 ) Apr 03 ( 2 ) Apr 02 ( 4 ) Apr 01 ( 2 ) Mar 31 ( 1 ) Mar 30 ( 2 ) Mar 29 ( 3 ) Mar 28 ( 3 ) Mar 27 ( 3 ) Mar 26 ( 3 ) Mar 25 ( 2 ) Mar 24 ( 2 ) Mar 23 ( 2 ) Mar 22 ( 2 ) Mar 21 ( 2 ) Mar 20 ( 2 ) Mar 16 ( 4 ) Mar 15 ( 3 ) Mar 14 ( 3 ) Mar 13 ( 3 ) Mar 12 ( 3 ) Mar 11 ( 2 ) Mar 10 ( 2 ) Mar 09 ( 4 ) Mar 08 ( 4 ) Mar 07 ( 4 ) Mar 06 ( 3 ) Mar 05 ( 2 ) Mar 04 ( 3 ) Mar 03 ( 2 ) Mar 02 ( 3 ) Mar 01 ( 3 ) Feb 28 ( 2 ) Feb 27 ( 3 ) Feb 26 ( 3 ) Feb 25 ( 1 ) Feb 24 ( 1 ) Feb 23 ( 4 ) Feb 22 ( 3 ) Feb 21 ( 4 ) Feb 20 ( 3 ) Feb 19 ( 2 ) Feb 18 ( 3 ) Feb 17 ( 2 ) Feb 16 ( 4 ) Feb 15 ( 2 ) Feb 14 ( 3 ) Feb 13 ( 4 ) Feb 12 ( 3 ) Feb 11 ( 5 ) Feb 10 ( 2 ) Feb 09 ( 5 ) Feb 08 ( 4 ) Feb 07 ( 3 ) Feb 06 ( 3 ) Feb 05 ( 4 ) Feb 04 ( 2 ) Feb 03 ( 3 ) Feb 02 ( 3 ) Feb 01 ( 5 ) Jan 31 ( 5 ) Jan 30 ( 5 ) Jan 29 ( 4 ) Jan 28 ( 2 ) Jan 27 ( 5 ) Jan 26 ( 2 ) Jan 25 ( 4 ) Jan 24 ( 3 ) Jan 23 ( 3 ) Jan 22 ( 4 ) Jan 21 ( 2 ) Jan 20 ( 5 ) Jan 19 ( 4 ) Jan 18 ( 4 ) Jan 17 ( 3 ) Jan 16 ( 4 ) Jan 15 ( 6 ) Jan 14 ( 4 ) Jan 13 ( 3 ) Jan 12 ( 6 ) Jan 11 ( 5 ) Jan 10 ( 5 ) Jan 09 ( 4 ) Jan 08 ( 7 ) Jan 07 ( 6 ) Jan 06 ( 2 ) Jan 05 ( 2 ) Jan 04 ( 3 ) Jan 03 ( 4 ) Jan 02 ( 5 ) Jan 01 ( 1 ) Dec 31 ( 1 ) Dec 30 ( 1 ) Dec 29 ( 3 ) Dec 26 ( 3 ) Dec 23 ( 1 ) Dec 22 ( 4 ) Dec 21 ( 4 ) Dec 20 ( 3 ) Dec 19 ( 3 ) Dec 18 ( 4 ) Dec 17 ( 2 ) Dec 16 ( 3 ) Dec 15 ( 6 ) Dec 14 ( 5 ) Dec 13 ( 7 ) Dec 12 ( 5 ) Dec 11 ( 6 ) Dec 10 ( 4 ) Dec 09 ( 4 ) Dec 08 ( 7 ) Dec 07 ( 7 ) Dec 06 ( 2 ) Dec 05 ( 5 ) Dec 04 ( 4 ) Dec 03 ( 2 ) Dec 02 ( 4 ) Dec 01 ( 1 ) Nov 30 ( 4 ) Nov 29 ( 4 ) Nov 28 ( 4 ) Nov 27 ( 1 ) Nov 26 ( 1 ) Nov 25 ( 3 ) Nov 24 ( 4 ) Nov 21 ( 2 ) Nov 20 ( 3 ) Nov 19 ( 2 ) Nov 18 ( 2 ) Nov 17 ( 4 ) Nov 16 ( 7 ) Nov 15 ( 6 ) Nov 14 ( 4 ) Nov 13 ( 6 ) Nov 12 ( 5 ) Nov 11 ( 2 ) Nov 10 ( 3 ) Nov 09 ( 4 ) Nov 08 ( 7 ) Nov 07 ( 11 ) Nov 06 ( 2 ) Nov 05 ( 3 ) Nov 04 ( 4 ) Nov 03 ( 2 ) Nov 02 ( 5 ) Nov 01 ( 4 ) Oct 31 ( 2 ) Oct 30 ( 3 ) Oct 29 ( 4 ) Oct 27 ( 4 ) Oct 26 ( 5 ) Oct 25 ( 4 ) Oct 24 ( 4 ) Oct 23 ( 2 ) Oct 22 ( 2 ) Oct 20 ( 3 ) Oct 19 ( 6 ) Oct 18 ( 5 ) Oct 17 ( 5 ) Oct 16 ( 5 ) Oct 15 ( 4 ) Oct 14 ( 5 ) Oct 13 ( 7 ) Oct 12 ( 5 ) Oct 11 ( 8 ) Oct 10 ( 4 ) Oct 09 ( 7 ) Oct 08 ( 5 ) Oct 07 ( 6 ) Oct 06 ( 4 ) Oct 05 ( 10 ) Oct 04 ( 5 ) Oct 03 ( 7 ) Oct 02 ( 6 ) Oct 01 ( 4 ) Sep 30 ( 6 ) Sep 29 ( 9 ) Sep 28 ( 3 ) Sep 27 ( 7 ) Sep 26 ( 4 ) Sep 25 ( 7 ) Sep 24 ( 5 ) Sep 23 ( 8 ) Sep 22 ( 8 ) Sep 21 ( 8 ) Sep 20 ( 8 ) Sep 19 ( 7 ) Sep 18 ( 11 ) Sep 17 ( 7 ) Sep 16 ( 7 ) Sep 15 ( 9 ) Sep 14 ( 9 ) Sep 13 ( 10 ) Sep 12 ( 1 )
